Lyngketlut Myrchiang scored the first goal for Mawkhar in the 47th minute.
In Group-3, Uttar Pradesh will play Goa, Nagaland will play Tamil Nadu and Assam will play Arunachal Pradesh at Kokrajhar.
The Government has tried various ways to provide online education to the students after the outbreak of COVID-19 which forced the closure of schools, but this has not reached the target because There is no signal or internet connection in the countryside.
Shillong, March 30: The Governor of Meghalaya, Shillong, was scheduled to be the chief guest at the meeting of school teachers held at the State Central Library Shillong today.
He urged the people of the constituency to work together to achieve the dreams of him and his father to bring about development in the constituency which is one of the most backward constituencies in the state.
“The discussion was on the issue of the Meghalaya Residents' Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), where the Minister of Home Affairs has directed the state government to discuss the issue with the Minister of Home Affairs. The Prime Minister said in a video message sent through the Prime Minister's Office.
“The state has turned 50 years old and I am happy to be able to open a new school building where I started my education in the past 47 years at Nongtalang Govt LP School which has been destroyed. It will be completed until 2020,” said Lahkmen.
When they are elected, they are proud.
Rakesh Patra's exclusion from the Asian Games squad has sparked speculation that he could have played well to qualify for the tournament.
The statement said that the Constitution of India prohibits the attack or insult on any religious activity and therefore the incident is an offense which should be condemned by all.
Other districts including Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills and East Jaintia Hills District have not been able to win medals.
Besides, informing that the state relies heavily on hydro power projects for electricity supply, the Minister said that such projects rely heavily on rainfall, and this year as well as in Last year the rainfall was a little slower and we hope that the rainfall in the state will end in the next few months, and if this happens, we will be saved from the implementation of loadshedding.
We will also work towards achieving a sustainable demand for Anganwadi workers,” Kumaraswamy said.
Shillong: “From step walkers to school children, those who go to work and those who go to the market, everyone who walks and stands on the roads in Shillong is facing problems due to the poor condition of the roads.
The Assam government led by President Bah Bandari Ryntathiang and other members of the party found that the Assam government has brought many development works in the villages of Block-II such as roads, stadiums, indoor stadiums in the villages. Umlaper and others.
Many things need to be carefully considered, so as not to be overwhelmed by the words of the elder brother.
The new office bearers are Bah Bawallam K Mawpat, President, Bah Hilchestone Marshillong General Secretary and many others. para workers to be present on this day to make this day a successful one.
The ruling PDF has wanted to remove Teilinia from the ARPA and replace her with Bah Mansturdy Nongrem.
The group has expressed its regret and apology and hopes to promise later to take part in the festival.
He said that after Narendra Modi became the Prime Minister of the country, there has been rapid economic growth in many places where works have been done to provide transportation and transportation. airports are provided where facilities are available for this purpose.
“We have already sent the allocation to the Government of India and after receiving the approval from the Government of India, we will implement it,” he said. Clement R Marak while talking to reporters last month.
He said that the police department congratulates the members of these Dorbar Shnongs for the steps they have taken to work together with the aim of addressing these issues which affect the society. whole.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov will meet with Indian Foreign Minister S Jaishankar on Tuesday, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Tuesday. for key issues related to the situation in Ukraine.
"During the investigation, Haque was never able to provide an answer or produce any documents regarding the purchase of these golden biscuits.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the UDP Langrin Circle, Bah GG Bung Snaitang, said that the transfer of these villages to the Mawsynram constituency has affected the feelings of the people of these villages. Queen's Block.
Also, to make them smart in their assignments, a parent who cares for his children should not expect the child to say, “I will go with my friends”. it leads your children away from the path they should go, so take responsibility even if friendship without a goal is involvement in wrongdoing.
Furthermore, I am still a young man who has the spirit to move forward and I want you to have the same spirit to work hard to reach the goal of victory for our own good. ,of the family, the community and the state as a whole.
However, only a senior gastroenterologist at the hospital can send patients to private hospitals.
“We have already submitted a letter to the Syiem on this issue and the former Sordar has given his approval,” he said.
Aitana Bonmati scored two goals for the country (5′, 36′ min).
“You have seen the garbage in Jowai, don't laugh this is your responsibility and mine, if the government intends to dump garbage in Shangpung all the residents are against it.
He cries, remembering the suffering of teachers, especially his parents, who are teachers.
The event was inaugurated by Ukhrul MLA Ramnganing Muivah who was the chief guest and Additional Chief Secretary (TA & Hills/AR DG/SAT) Letkhogin Haokip who was the chief guest. The Chief Guest in the presence of the Government of Manipur, the Archbishop of Imphal, Most Rev Dominic Lumon, youth leaders from various Dioceses in their respective states like Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Mizoram and Tripura.
The two-day tournament was inaugurated by Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State in the presence of Pynursla MLA and Minister of State Prestone Tynsong.
The petition sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, also includes the approval of the Legislative Assembly sent on 14th December
However, only 50 vehicles will be allowed to travel on the road during the public meeting in the 15-Mawlai constituency.
The theme of the celebration is “Lighting forces for the future”.
Shillong, Lber 10: The MLA of Nongthymmai, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday criticized the government for not doing anything wrong.
A good person, if he has a saipan, is a person who will bring happiness and benefit for a day.
Speech was also delivered by Habahun Dkhar, Party candidate from 4-Mowkaiaw.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) has condemned the attack on students and teachers inside the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) in Delhi.
Not only that, Bah Titos, who is also the President of the UDP Sohra Circle and UDP East Khasi Hills District, has represented Sohra as an MDC between 2009-2014 and was re-elected by the UDP. year of
On the other hand, the KSU said that it had to take action against the students after they went to meet the KSU to complain about the loss of classes due to the dismissal of these teachers. .
“I am ready to discuss with the Shillong MP on his statement regarding Aadhaar, he links Aadhaar with the Social Security Number of the United States, but I say no, it is very different,” he said. to Pastor Pyrrhus.
FKJGP President Dundee Khongsit said that the employment share of the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people should not be affected as it could be lost if this is affected.
“We have already expressed to the PM the desire of the people of the state to have a power in the state that can protect the identity of the indigenous people and we He said that only the ILP can be implemented.
There will be many programs including the flag raising ceremony, parade, National Anthem, traditional songs and dances, awards ceremony, donation to the Children Homes. The final of the Under-17 Independence Day Cup will be played between Luti Tuber and Sialung Ialong at 1 pm.
To conclude this message, I would like to recall the story of 'The skei and the sohkhia leaves'
She also promised to fight physically and mentally to ensure that any laws issued by the Government of Meghalaya or the Government of India from time to time will not affect the way of life and customs and traditions of the people of all ethnic groups. species in the State.
Five deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills District and two from West Jaintia Hills.
According to RTI, Lyngdoh said 16,987 quintals of sugar have been distributed for the months of June and June.
“There are only a few areas where we have done more to improve the 144 Cr.
Shillong: There are 1,111 beds for covid 19 patients out of which 233 beds are occupied, while 878 beds are vacant.
Shillong, June 2: The Hills State People's Democratic Party ( HSPDP) has been elected.
The area of ​​this area is about 80 to 90 sq.km.
What is needed is courage and not to be ashamed to do the work.
The presence of commercial vehicles enriches the government through various taxes that they have to pay.
The sale of this alcoholic beverage is not yet public.
After Skhentalang won by a goal, the match became hot and they struggled to score, Bakur tried in the form of attempts but by the end of the first half had to accept the defeat.
He said that the three policemen came in a Maruti 800 private rongsaw and entered two shops where foreign women lived. “They came to my shop to recharge for 97 tyngka and they also paid 100 tyngka for top up and I also took. They said, “You Nepali, you came here to do big things.” One of them took out a gun and shot me. you are in my shop".
Sangma said that as the political parties in the state, they should focus on many issues and should have a dialogue, because there are problems that the state itself is facing, but as the government. The task is to resolve any problem and what is needed is the cooperation of all.
Since then, which happened at 1:30 pm, Mario's body has not been found.
The TUR led by Angela Ryngad has held a public rally in Khyndailad against the MPDA and MMPO, alleging that the bill is just a jakor bill.
“If the Chief Minister of Assam can distribute appointment letters to more than 25,000 people in one day, why can't we do that? This is what prohibits Meghalaya from issuing appointment letters to our youth.
L Mawnai won 2/6 and Emisakani Warjri won 2/8
Shillong, Jymmang 11: BSF troops in Umsyiem-East Khasi Hills have seized 3000 saris worth T.28 lakh which were intended to be smuggled from India to Bangladesh.
In BSc Honors, Robert W Kharngi of St. Edmund's College scored 74.25% while Arunava Kar Purkayastha of St. Anthony's College scored %, Leo Them Jung Makan of St. Edmund's College 71.00% 3rd place, 3rd place went to Priyanchi Chachan of St. Anthony's College, Pooja Prasad of St. Anthony's College, Guddi Kumari Prasad of St. Edmund's College scored 67.13%.
Not everyone knows and understands how much the Khalai Casino will affect the society, but the only fact that the public needs to know is that Las Vegas in the United States is one of the world's largest cities. The largest casino in the world can be called Sin City or the city of Pope.
A beautiful bridge has been built on top of the dam and around it have been built beautiful playgrounds.
The MDC of Mawphlang-Diengiei Constituency, Bah Lamphrang Blah, who is also the Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has requested the new Chief Executive Member (CEM) to improve the quality of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Khasi Heritage Village is located in Mawphlang.
However, before that, it was seen that for a while there was a stir at the place where Bah Adelbert was thrown, as some policemen had forcibly beaten up the women who had turned to the place, and there was a stir. is temporary.
The NPP and TMC were not mentioned as it is clear that there are no leaders from Garo Hills, even if there are paradoh parasnam who have the right leadership and who are qualified to become ministers. old.
He said that the BJP's support for the NPP will be a benefit because the vote of the BJP will go to the NPP candidates. The BJP in Shillong Constituency used to get 70,000 votes or 10 lakh votes, but now this vote instead of going to others or staying with the BJP will go to the NPP candidates. “It will continue to help the NPP,” said Prestone.
Through this Memorandum, KHNAM has lodged a strong complaint against the Department for conducting only a Personal Interview to appoint a person for this post within the Department.
When asked how they escaped to Kynshi, they said that there was no search at all and thus, they came safely without any search from the gates, which fall under Meghalaya.
As citizens of this wicked world, we must hope for the best so that evil will disappear.
Rev.A Rymmai, Executive Secretary of the Presbytery and Bah Getstar Lyngdoh, Secretary SELD also gave a brief speech and explanation on the purpose of the training. The Chairman of the SELD, Nongum Presbytery, said in a statement issued by the Secretary, SELD, Nongum Presbytery.
My husband was identified as Wanshwa Mi Law, 30 years old.
Die online/Online platform-In this age of technology, your products such as sying, shynrai powder, especially processed products can also be sold online platforms through social media -Facebook, Youtube, Whatts app.
They also said that as happened in the first phase of the border demarcation, decisions were taken only by raising the hands of the people and without properly examining the documents. Many parts of Meghalaya have gone to Assam.
“It is appropriate to hold this heritage festival so that the rights and customs will not be violated in the future,” he added.
Contact number 87877774585,9402331442.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun and others, said that the opening of the building will be a great joy for the village and the villagers. The neighboring villages of the area as a whole and especially the proximity of the area to Assam.
He said that the main objective of empowering the villagers by implementing rural technology is to increase their income through the use of rural technology in agriculture. He added that through this project, the village will develop in all aspects.
The YuvaSangam from Uttar Pradesh, led by the Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, Lucknow, was welcomed by the North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong.
Due to the government's lack of response, the party has been forced to take this path.
In front of the State Central Library, you will reach Polok.
HK Singh Memorial will be one of the schools that has qualified in both the Under-14 and Under-17 Boys categories of the DSO Jowai Subroto Cup.
The program was attended by officials from the State Government, Central Government, Army, Private Hospitals, NEIG RIHMS and others. to P.R Srivastava , Principal Secretary.
According to the rules sent by the NITI Aayog on July 10, Dr Mukul said that according to the rules, the government should appoint a State Level Committee (SLC) to head the State Level Committee (SLC). The Chief Secretary and the District Level Committee (DLC) to be headed by the CEM of the District Councils to prepare the schemes according to the funds allocated by the Central Government.
It promised to protect minorities from the outbreak of civil wars and unfounded accusations.
According to the photographs, the body was found covered with a blanket and a wooden stick.
However, in the 2018 elections, from the 8 MLAs we won in 2013, we have dropped to
All the public are requested to witness this game as a sign of solidarity and support for this good cause of the Pastors KJP Synod Sepngi Rev. LP Nongkseh Chairman and B Jyrwa Pro Pastor and Secretary of the Organizing Committee, Ri Bhoi Zone.
The East Shillong legislator said that the second phase of the project is still in progress as they are still looking into the land of the dorbar.
The allegations against Christians were expressed by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah Shullai who believed that he stood for the BJP but Bah Hek opposed it. This is the opinion of Bah Shullai.
Police are conducting investigation,” said Bah Jyrwa.
Initially, the manager had ordered the young woman to cook for the lunch for the employees and the owner of the petrol pump, but while they were preparing, The Manager has forcibly dragged the girl into a room with the intention of committing a crime against her. Regarding this incident, the relatives of the girl have lodged a complaint. You have lodged a complaint against the Manager at Nongpoh Police Station.
Russia in recent days has announced one of the intentions of President Vladimir Putin to visit China in the near future. Russia is the only country that has stood by Russia since the beginning of its invasion of Ukraine last year.
Some media outlets have sought clarification after the CEO of Delhi announced that 16/04/2023 is the date for filing of votes for the Lok Sabha elections Shillong: U Minister of State for Lariti, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Spokesperson of the Government, today said that the ECI will prepare for the elections. He said that the State Anthem was drafted under the State Language Act 2005, which was also approved by the Governor in the same year.
Read his full interview here; Discussion on Development and Regulatory Policy here; and the Monetary Policy Statement here.
Son of Chinese Priest3
The FKJGP said that although the availability of iron is important for health, excessive availability can lead to disasters, such as diabetes, hemochromatosis, kidney disease, lung disease, and skin disease that leads to early death.
Nongpoh: Despite the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi, the number of recoveries is still higher than the number of cases. So far, 220 people have recovered from the disease and 129 people are still infected with the virus.
It is rare to hear from parents that they send their children to school to become politicians, but many of them say that they want to become doctors, engineers, IAS, IPS, MCS, MPS, Bank Officers and so on.
The Assamese also admitted that the bombing was due to a misunderstanding, but it was caused by stone throwing and clashes between the two sides. and the people were afraid.
Speaking to media, one of the residents, Bah Wanbun Dkhar, said that the opposition to the election of the Waheh Shnong is because they want the former Executive Member who has expired. to work from 15th July 2019 is to submit the accounts of the village which has been looked after by the former Executive Body for the last 3 years.
Tura, July 23 : The floods in Garo Hills have cut off the search and rescue operations in many villages due to the non-implementation of the Agreed Text Settlement ( ATS) signed between the ANVC, ANVC-B and the Central and State Governments.
The issue of renewal of the Reservation Policy (RP) has stirred up the people of Khasi Hills in the past few days and from this incident we can see more important results, which are for the benefit of the people of Khasi Hills. Khasi-Khara children of this nation.
There is no expenditure to protect the environment from destruction.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The State Co-Ordination Committee (SCO) has sent a letter to Modi, urging him to assist in discussing the ban on coal mining in the state. to the people of this state.
That night they couldn't sleep all night because of the blood that flowed on the doorstep and the door that was broken.
Youths of the Seng Khasi Sainraij from all over the country took part in the event.
When we pray, we need faith so that we can accept that prayer and our desire, without doubt because we ask for what is according to God's will.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included JNC-CEC General Secretary Wanshwa Suting, Vice Presidents Ency Shadap and Nangjan Dkhar, Assistant Secretary. The meeting was conducted by JNC-CEC Publicity Secretary Allmiki Ryngkhlem, Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ and other leaders from various units, circles and zones of the JNC. even Mehi Rhythm.
We long to see God's promises come true for us.
“We have suggested to the government to amend the OM on the Roster System because in its rules it is clear that the implementation of the Roster will be from the year of approval of the Reservation Policy. 1972 and will apply to the recruitment in government departments and if we look back at the Resolution of the Reservation Policy passed in 1972 it says that any posts belonging to one of the ethnic groups if it is “They cannot fill the gap due to the shortage of applicants or for any other reason. Their share will be carried forward to the next year to be counted in addition to the 40% allocated,” he said.
He said that the COVID-19 protocols should be followed and all places should ensure that the people follow the orders of the government.
The Government has also started to assist those who have returned to their state due to the COVID-19 pandemic and has started to register those who have returned for job training under the PMKVY scheme. 23) on the other hand has been implemented by the government at ITI Shillong and efforts are underway to include three more ITIs such as ITI (Women) Shillong, ITI Jowai and ITI Tura.
The traffic ban will be in force for seven hours from 8 am to 2 pm.
In the fourth match, Rangdajied FC beat Challenger FA 7-0 with Embha M Kharkongor scoring three goals in the 15th, 21st, 29th, 35th and 38th minutes. Tosanbha Pathaw Syngai scored the second goal in the 27th and 47th minutes.
He also alleged that the implementation of this new gate fee collection system has been slow and has not gone according to the rules.
He said that the presence of casinos will lead to a dangerous lifestyle, and will also lead to many illegal activities and will spread among the youth of the state.
Nongpoh: Two women and a man have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police on charges of involvement in the smuggling of counterfeit money in Ri Bhoi.
At the same time, the CCP said that the Custom Department is determined to fight against all illegal activities including drug trafficking, cigarettes, drugs, wildlife products, counterfeit money, you don't cheat in the marketplace and so on.
Shillong: A stone truck (ML 05 M 0992) has collided with a stone truck at Rngain near the Mawkhong Hill.
“I want to see that this building will not be destroyed but that there will be opportunity programs for the youth, sports programmes, music festivals and also that the use will be sustainable,” he said. he added further.
In Tripura, there have been 112 new cases of Covid-19, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,6
Police have registered a case against the two robbers at Shallang Police Station.
He also informed that the Meghalaya Street Vendors Rules, 2022 have been promulgated by the State Government.
In Ribhoi District, three cases are high risk contacts of one case from Mawsnai, one case from Dubai, one case from Silchar and one case from Silchar. Two BSF personnel, one from Silchar and four from Tikrikilla, have tested positive for covid-1
If these parties are no longer in the government, it will lead to an unprecedented disaster and the families of the party leaders will be deserted because they are not happy. It has been a long time but only for a while like other parties across India.
It took only three minutes for five armed men to steal $30 million worth of gold from Sao Paulo airport, the second theft in the country. the most successful in Brazilian history.
The players are also encouraged to bring their Birth Certificates on the date scheduled for age verification, ie 5th June
Besides, he said that the PHE department conducts regular water quality checks and the report they receive is accurate.
In the rapid pace and change of the times from time to time, the party has felt the need to revise its Constitution especially those which affect the law and the heritage of the nation which the French have just for the sake of the security of her rule, which was not as it was established according to the thought of the ancients.
(Read Official Notification)24th March, 2019.
Self isolation will be best for those residents who are healthy in all aspects but it is difficult and difficult for the poor families because it poses a threat. the spread of the disease to those who live together.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The meeting of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) in Guwahati today has not yet signed a pledge to contest the elections. decided to work together to defame the Congress in this region.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, has warned that groups or organizations cannot search for trading license except for the employees of district councils.
The people of Sohiong constituency will vote on which of the seven candidates to lead the constituency to the 1st Legislative Assembly of the State. vote' in 63 polling stations.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the government has already released more than Rs 1,000 crore to farmers through various schemes and also through FOCUS in these areas. four years ago.
According to the elders of the village, the woman has been dead for two months, but Bah Kharlukhi said that the woman has been on hunger strike for 40 days because she is still praying. .
The body of the man was found in the sañium near the District Sessions Court in Ri Bhoi.
In a statement, NRFM Secretary Sanajaoba Meitei said that the NRFM has sent its members to kill Kayenpaibam Nganga (26 years old) for his involvement in the NRFM. of him in drug trafficking cases.
Lana Del Rey has received the Billboard Women in Music Visionary Award 2023. The singer expressed her gratitude and hope for the award ceremony in Inglewood, California. that in the years to come she will be able to produce more and more beautiful songs.
In 1999, Purno won MP from the NCP, in 2004 from the AITC, in 2006 from the NCP and in 2014 from the NPP. The party was formed before the 2013 MLA elections.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today passed the Meghalaya Repeal Gaming Act
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today wrote to the Government of India on the urgent need for oxygen in various hospitals in Delhi. There are many hospitals in the state, which have run out of oxygen and these will run out in a few hours.
Remove the invitation to enter the bedroom of the poiei because of the words of jali jaum that have offended you.
Of the three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, Nongstoiñ has the highest number of candidates and five candidates have registered their nomination papers so far.
This is according to a statement from the Seng of Sngi.
The body of the child was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The house belongs to the former Waheh Shnong of Rymbai.
Kohima: Nagaland troops were shot dead while patrolling in Kohima today.
Ma M.Tang E.E.PWD Central Division 9436385601.
Singh, Pawan Sharma and Mr. Martalin Pyrbot.
What is urgently needed now is that the government should build those Rehabilitation Centers as soon as possible so that those who have fallen ill can stay in such places to receive treatment and assistance from day to day.
On the other hand, the MLA in his ceremony praised this young man especially that he is from the Khasi community who has been able to spread to other places and this has brought glory to the country, the state and especially to the Nation.
The tests were conducted between 19th November and 23rd November and showed that they were positive.
It is true that it is pleasant to see the opinions of those who have learned on this subject, but there is also a need to take into account the opinions of women who love the dignity of their own Khasi culture.
Shangpliang said the government plans to include many subjects or syllabus on History and Geography of Meghalaya and others in collaboration with NCERT and MBOSE. “The government through the Textbook Review Committee intends to bring about change by updating the chapters or syllabuses and curricula in the school textbooks in the state,” he said.
Revelation 12:7-12, and it is the time for the Man of sins to be revealed. 2 Thessalonians 2:1-4
The government health center is under the jurisdiction of the District Medical and Health Officer West Jaintia Hills District through the National Health Mission.
Referring to the history of the school, he said that before 1998 there was only one school in Sahsniang A village which was Govt.
There are two indoor stadiums worth Rs 30 crore.
The remains of Bah Lambok Thabah will be laid to rest at the Catholic Cemetery, Mawlai Mawdatbaki, Pata on Friday 24th November
The people elected the Congress because of their opposition to the performance of K. Chandrasekhar Rao for nine years, in which there were allegations of corruption and mismanagement in his government.
The Social Welfare Department has congratulated all the Deputy Commissioners, Social Welfare Officers, DPOs of ICDS, CDPOs, Anganwadi workers and volunteers who have worked hard. Shillong: A woman has died in her sleep at her home in Mawlai Nongmali, said Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Social Welfare Department. .
D) in Political Science from North Eastern Hill University on the research topic “India-USA Relations with Reference to Defense and Civil Nuclear Cooperation (2000-2013)”.
They walk away, do what they want and do what their ancestors taught them about what is right, what is good and what is right.
“There are also gymnasiums, small public parks and prisons in these areas,” he said.
“It has been a long time since we have been able to meet again as a group to complete all the remaining and future tasks,” said Bah Marbud.
When they came to the field today, the girls from West Khasi Hills won the first toss and did not have to tied first.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader in the state, Bernard N. Marak, said that the change in the recruitment quota could cause a huge loss to the three ethnic groups in the state.
“This is not, this is one of their steps to create one country, one election, one religion...the name change is the same – it can lead to a strong protest that we don't think about,” he said. said.
Nongpoh: Speaking to reporters, after opening a meeting between the three groups at Circuit House-Nongpoh (Ri-Bhoi District), Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh said that that the meeting should discuss only the development and peace of the people living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam especially Block I and Block II while the border issue He said it has been left to the government authorities and the Chief Secretaries of Meghalaya and Assam who are still in the process of negotiating.
Because according to the current situation, people around the world accuse the Chinese leader of being incompetent because of some of his methods of working which are against some. - so many jobs in the world.
He also urged the people of Garo Hills to come forward to help these athletes and encourage them to become the stars of the country and the nation.
Through this centre, anyone who has been subjected to physical abuse, sexual abuse, mental abuse or verbal abuse can be contacted. Emotional & Psychological Abuse, Economic Abuse shall receive emergency and non-emergency assistance.
Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, son of Late Kesilroy Pala, was the chief guest in the presence of relatives, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla. Jowai District Governor Ma Puramon Kynjing, WJDSA office bearers and leaders including EMH Passah, General Secretary Lammat Laloo at the meeting chaired by WJDSA Vice President Patrick Lamare.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days , all the finalists have asked for the support of the public to vote for them to be the winners of the competition Social Media (Facebook, Whattapp and other social media), as well as many of his friends through Facebook who posted from time to time on the page. Group 'War-Pynursla'.
in lane telephone and WhatsApp at 9863097754 /
Shillong, July 29: Deborah Marak, Minister of State for Education, on Tuesday said that Mukul Sangma is the best prime minister and other parties do not have leaders equal to him.
He said the MTDF also urges the FKJGP to assist the authorities to identify those people who cause trouble by shooting and bombing innocent people.
Blinken will leave for New Delhi on October 1 to attend the G20 summit of foreign ministers of the two member countries. the G20 group.
There have been 235 recoveries today.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh has been elected as the Chairman of the RDA and HSPDP President KP Pangniang has been elected as the Secretary of the RDA.
Aryan Borah, another talented bowler from Meghalaya, has scored only one Hyderabad wicket in this match but in the last two matches he has scored. 23 batters.
He also announced the government's decision to set up a guest house in Khanapara, Ri Bhoi district.
The floods have affected the water supply system at Pung Umïam, which is the largest power plant in the state.
She said that the police also took action to protect her and because of fear she went to stay at the house of her friends.
The Housie will begin at 6 p.m.
The driver of the truck has not been found yet.
Chairman of the ECC DH Mallang said that the protest against these factories came after seeing the pollution of the air and water even the rain.
This is due to the release of trucks (Dumber), which carry overload limestone from time to time and this is done by taking money and corruption from the trucks carrying overload and some of them do not have proper documents. leaf.
Andrew Shullai has appointed Deseous Pohshna (Dhar) MDC from Narpuh who is also a supporter of Shitlang Pale, former minister and Congress candidate from Sutnga constituency.
Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Working President of the MPCC, said it is sad that those arrested are being tortured and bombed.
Shillong: The NPP Shella Block has demanded that the Sirdar of Mawlong should be suspended immediately or should resign, alleging that he has been the cause of the courage of other people. happened in Ichamati recently.
Furthermore, it was also seen that the Mawphlang-Weiloi road from Mawphlang upwards has started to be cleaned and the Lyngïong area has started to be paved, but this too is not complete.
Hundreds of patients especially children have had to seek emergency treatment since last month and the disease has affected the villages. Nongstoin includes Nongpyndeng, Pyndengrei and others.
He said the lack of action by the Government of India on the bloodshed in Manipur shows that it is a political injustice.
The Kni is the head of the household, the clan.
When she reached the house of Kongthei Daplin, she sat on the balcony. “Are Lanosha, you have come to leave...” she asked. Lano said, “I went to the market with your mother...” Kongthei asked again. “Yes, I'm still going...” Lano replied. I said I'm going to come..." Lano said.
The decision was taken at the NESO meeting held in Guwahati today.
Although this is the first time that such a competition has been held in Mawkynrew, it has been very successful with the participation of the women who have impressed the audience. spectators who arrived in their thousands through in traditional costumes and an impressive stage style.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today paid tribute to the journalists of Shillong on the occasion of the National Press Day.
However, he praised the good performance of Shillong Lajong which gave them the full opportunity through the support of the residents.
The State Government today announced the polling day on the 28th June 2020 from Langrin and the counting of votes will be on the 3rd October.
The Association said that the Assam police have seized trucks from the state and fined them heavily for parking the trucks along the road before reaching the thew and there is no road to the place. thew times.
After this, the veterinary doctor left the scene and threatened the BSF personnel who were still on duty.
During his visit, Sarma strongly criticized the NPP, which is part of the NEDA, saying that the NPP is an unrecognized party.
The Unit was approved by the office bearers of the KJFA Central Body.
The bench, comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Justice W. Diengdoh and Justice HS Thangkhiew, also urged the complainants to investigate the involvement of Shahlang Police in the incident. They smuggled illegal coal to many Coke Factories in Shahlang.
Shillong Lajong FC under the leadership of Bah Bobby Nongbet has produced four players, Amon Lepcha has replaced Everbrightson Mylliem-pdah. Atlanson Kharmaw came on for Ïohborlang Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi in the 79th minute, Babysunday Marngar came on for Figo Syndai in the 79th minute and Pynche Ia Tyngkan replaced Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem in the 79th minute.
From time to time we see comments on the quality of education in our state that it has declined steadily to a point where it will continue to increase over time.
But you must allow yourself to return to your daily routine.
PFR, who are second in Group A, have 12 points.
It is a shame that the state government has not been able to resolve this.
After their bodies had rotted, their heads fell to the ground and fell to the bottom of the mountain.
AJYWO Central Body has strongly condemned the rape and murder of two young children in East Jaintia Hills in the past few days and months. Hills District, one 3 years old and another 11 years old Emvyris Dkhar alias Michael Dkhar.
The age of this plan will be from 90s u to 50 years with the policy range from 10 years to 20 years, the payment will be fixed, annually, half yearly or monthly.
“As the biggest national parties in the country, they should not just promise to write to the people in the state and this is an insult to the people of Meghalaya,” he said.
When all the four seasons of the year, except in the spring, when the sky begins to ring tyrkhong and wait for the coming of the rainy season, that the streams are small and dry, but they are still prepare them to take their responsibility to meet the needs of mankind.
The Lord Jesus has to plead with His Father because He has placed everything in the mighty hands of God.
Before I explain about these krai which are planted in Khasi-Jaintia, I would like to say something about these long names in italics.
Replying to a question on the appointment of politicians in these departments, Mukul said, “You have found that no politicians have been appointed, even the President of India has appointed them. politician and Political Appointee".
In this letter, the East Student Union has expressed some of the incidents due to religious differences.
This alliance between the BJP and the NPP is only a plot to mislead the people of Meghalaya,” said Bah Pohshna in a statement sent to the media.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply) in charge of Mairang Civil Sub-Division said that the supply of petrol for the month of September, 2021 has been released at the rate of 2.72 liters per household for those who have received electricity. and 3.00 liters for villages without electricity.
The arrested were identified as Chengsang M Marak of Depogre, Dadenggre and Sengchang N Sangma of Pawalgre, Mindikgre, South Garo Hills.
Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi, Dr. R. Nongrum, BDO Umling Block and others arrived.
The incident took place in Buxar district of Bihar.
He also criticized the NPP for the opening of the Maternal and Child Hospital (MCH) in Panaliar which has been closed down.
I am happy that we can still see the traditional dances, costumes of the Khasi & Jaintia, Garo and others, to hear the songs, music, music from the past, that there are still Thainryndia, Thainmuka, Thainshang. , snow, and so on.
He said that the purpose of this meeting is to discuss the impact of the road so that people will not be blind.
The oldest party, the Congress, has collapsed because of the defection of its leaders and the people are looking to the NPP which can bring about a strong government and show by its actions,” he said.
The organization has suggested that this be done as an experiment and see how it works.
In my opinion, the people living in the border areas do not face any problems in relation to Assam because even the Epics receive assistance from both Assam and Meghalaya from roads, light, NREGA. and others but we who are not in the Dorbar don't understand anything and fight politics when the election is near because if we win the election then the government should not rush the border issue and should read The Assam Re-Organization (Meghalaya) Act 1969 should first allow the Hima to acquire the areas that have been transferred to the Assam Re-Organization (Meghalaya) Act our struggle will be stronger.
The General Manager of District Commerce Industries Centre, Mawkyrwat, Bah M.War said that through this fair, local entrepreneurs can showcase their talents and at the same time it will serve as an opportunity for people to see the goods and order them if they need them.
Nongstoiñ, November 13: The polling for the election of three leaders to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has ended smoothly without any disruption. from 7 pm to 4 pm on the first day of the month.
Witson Sangma, 28, was arrested on Tuesday and died on the same night at Chokpot Police Station, South Garo Hills. After the death of Witson, there was a strong protest in front of the police station, in which the people stood in front of Chokpot PS for more than 10 hours. They shouted slogans against the police.
He also urged all the tourists who wish to visit the bamboo trekking spot to cooperate to promote and develop the bamboo trekking spot in the coming years.
On receiving the information, this reporter rushed to the scene to see what had happened.
Therefore, the union urges the Meghalaya government not to take a hasty decision on this issue and before taking a decision, it should consider the documents and meet with them. “Nongwah Mawtamur and other villages should not be annexed to Assam,” he added.
“Our aim is to make students aware of not only the right jobs locally and regionally but globally and make them global leaders.
The Chief Minister said that as the HNLC has sent a letter directly to the Central Government, he also wants the Central Government which has cooperation with Bangladesh to urge the Bangladesh Government not to give land. The HNLC operates across the Indian border.
The more you look at it, the more you fall in love.
The meeting was attended by the Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, the Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Y Nongspung, Pyrkhat Pyrphet, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee and others.
Brief information about the scheme: The PM Street Vendor's AtmaNirbhar Nidhi is a scheme in the form of a loan provided by the Government of India only to vendors through banks.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, in accordance with the Government's directive to combat the spread of COVID-19 (Coronavirus), has urged all the students and people of the district who have come from those states and countries to Those who have been infected with the coronavirus should inform the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat through .
They say that the most beautiful young woman was married between two kings, Mawryngkhang and Mawpator.
Through the order, issued in 2019, the ILP will apply in Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland districts. , 15, 19 and 21 of the Constitution of India, the complaint said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has been pleased with the decision of the Supreme Court to lift the ban on coal mining in the state. that thou mayest be saved.
This notice is signed by the DHS (MI).
As expected, the first batch of pilgrims is expected to leave their Jammu camp a day before the start of the Yatra on May
He said that the state government cannot do anything on this issue as the construction of the coal storage facility must be done according to the prior permission of the NGT together with Coal India and After the approval of NGT and Coal India, the state government will be able to ship the coal from the coal mine and will be able to start the auction of the coal. He said that after the state government has completed the transportation of coal, it has been mined and is still in the mines. , will request the Leader of the Opposition to inspect whether there is 32 lakh MT of coal, but to claim that there is no coal just because he went to inspect only on the roads, is wrong. male.
In the 40+ Team Event, R Shabong, J Nongbri, Amit Gupta and S Gareri won bronze medals.
“The influx of mynder and other ethnic groups into the state is very high because there is no law to stop them so it is time for the government to think carefully,” said the President of the KSU. and implement this provision.
Lapang also met with Shri Luizinho Faleiro, the newly appointed General Secretary of Meghalaya. iuh kjat in this state.
Hosea served as a prophet in the eastern part of the ancient kingdom of Israel for about 50 years, and he became a prophet during the reign of King Jeroboam II.
The Dorbar of Nongjngi Elaka has decided to completely ban the entry and exit from the villages or to the villages adjacent to the Karbi villages until peace and order between the residents of Khanduli and the Karbi villages is restored.
While walking in the Iewmawlong area , it was seen that many of the villagers have brought new TVs and Dish TVs , and many of them have brought their old TVs to the TV shops to exchange and a new one.
The Corona virus also follows the smoke from factories.
The body belonged to Amnipaia Sutnga, 20, driver of the vehicle.
Without evidence, the fight for justice weakens.
Rangdajied United FC will play against Nangkiew Irat SC at 3:30 pm tomorrow.
The traffic jam was heavy in the morning and until noon and after that, it decreased in the morning, while tonight, the traffic jam was heavy again, which affected all the vehicles. those that descend and those that ascend as well.
This meeting will be held at 10:00 pm.
The flight will leave Kolkata at 12.35 PM and arrive in Shillong at 2.20 pm and return from Shillong to Kolkata at 2.40 pm and arrive in Kolkata at 4.25 PM. The airline had to suspend flights after not receiving proper payment from the North Eastern Council (NEC).
Chanmiki Chyrmang (22) and Dapmain Phawa (45, 56) scored the three goals for Saindur Mihmyntdu.
Like Renoobala Marak, many of those living in the rural areas have escaped the difficulty of fetching water to their homes.
The training will be held at Trysem Hall DC office and will include training on Hotel Management and others.
The deceased were from West Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills.
In another incident, Tennybirth Momin, 27, son of Sub Inspector CK Marak, was abducted from Domeanti near Resubelpara, North Garo Hills on Friday. T.15 lakh tyngka to release the son of the police chief.
In fact, they should have informed the public about this smart meter so that the public could know and understand.
They also said that due to the difficulties in coming and going, if they cannot complete it, they will think again how to do it.
It is said that the juti contained water drawn from the Jordan River and was then painted to identify that it was inside the juti.
He also urged the residents to report to the police if they have any doubts or suspicions.
In a statement, Bah Lapang advised the members of the Kiengatiar to stop their violence and come to the negotiating table with the government to resolve the issues as bloodshed will not lead to violence. eiei is useful.
German MP Florian Muller spoke about the interdependence between transport infrastructure and digital connectivity, stressing that they depend on each other to function properly.
Shanborlang said that the incident was not a big incident but because they were too drunk, there was a fight.
Also present on the occasion were the Director & Founder of MCSWA, Mr. Wilson Dohling, DDTI MACS and Mr. Lambor Suchen, Skill Development Officer, MSSDS West Jaintia Hills.
Expressing their regret and fear that they will not be able to reach their goals or those who want to reach higher positions or top positions or first positions, some of the children said that they will not be able to reach their goals. When they saw the question paper before writing the examination, they were shocked and felt like crying when they saw the way the questions were put.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Grace congratulated the village of Tyrna which has celebrated its 125th anniversary of settlement after being displaced by the earthquake in
You can be the village headmen but you cannot reconcile this terrible incident,” said Bah Vivek and added that the Sordar who should have filed a complaint against the child, has tried to reconcile. unacceptable by law.
“At the Regional Committee meeting convened in Langpih recently, the MLA and MDC members did not receive a letter of notice to attend the meeting.
Rao, an IAS officer of the 1987 batch of Assam and Meghalaya, replaces Marwein, a 1985 cadre and currently the Additional Chief Secretary.
The villages near Umsamlem, which have been declared as Containment Zones, include Umnget, Quinine and Rongpharkong, as these villages are close to Umsamlem, which is also a village in Ri. Bhoi, which has the first case of COVID-1
Speaking on the problems related to education in Meghalaya, Conrad said the state has more than 55,000 teachers and nearly 15,000 schools and educational institutions.
In the women's basketball category, West Jaintia Hills beat North Garo Hills 21-7 while East Garo Hills beat South West Khasi Hills 51-2
He urged everyone to be inspired by the life and work of the great freedom fighters and to strive for the development of the society, the people of the state and the country as a whole.
On the 4th July 2020, about 12-14 Bangladeshis attacked the Khasi community in Lad Darang village and kidnapped and injured two people.
Susmita's term in the Rajya Sabha will end next month, in April along with six other TMC MPs in the Rajya Sabha.
“In the 2019 MDC elections, we have experienced defeat and we have experienced victory.
This comes a few days after Bah Hek admitted that he had had a lunchtime talk with the AITC officials on the merger with the BJP. “Bah Hek is a close friend of mine. We have worked with him for a long time and he has been with us for a long time. in the Cabinet during my tenure as Prime Minister.
However, adults don’t necessarily have much time to sleep.
Members and Delegates coming from the Shillong-Jowai road will travel directly from the road to Amlarem via the Bye-Pass road (before reaching Jowai) for convenience.
When asked whether he has any hope of winning the election, the HSPDP candidate said, “We hope to win, and we hope that the people of Nongstoiñ know who will win”. When asked whether he was applying for tickets, he said that the voice of the maieid was heard every minute and every hour whether there is a voice now that he will win. “My lord used to tell me that the victory and defeat is the decision of the people, I don't know what to say because my lord says so, I believe in the people,” he said.
The EJNC said that even the people of the country are strongly opposed to these coal mining factories, but these factories have started which endanger the environment and the residents of the coal mines. Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the EJNC-CEC, has demanded that the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District should immediately stop the construction of these Coke factories.
The order from the DC's office explained that the night curfew will not apply to government employees, police and army, health workers, pharmacies, grocery stores, MeECL employees, NEEPCO, Power Grid, FCI, PWD, PHE and Shillong Municipal Board, food distributors, petrol pumps, government employees and journalists.
At this meeting, Pa'iem Ainam announced that the Dorbar has decided to maintain the three kyrwohs, the Synshar Shnong, the Synshar Raid and the Synshar Hima.
For example, if the parents have 5 children, 2 boys and 3 girls. If they have only one household plot for three girls, if they are given together with the boy, where will the girls live?
He said that this is only a sign to divert the people from other important issues; “This NPP government, which is in charge of the state government, has turned around”.
Nongpoh, November 26: The Assam Police are preparing to set up a new camp at Umru village in Ri Bhoi District.
They were taken captive to all nations, Jerusalem and the Temple were destroyed, and many kings of the kingdoms of the earth ruled over them.
The NPP came out of the NCP which split from the Congress in those years,” he said.
If they had given Kong Grace from the beginning, perhaps it would have been different, but Kong Grace would have received more than 7496 votes (5781 and 1715 of Batyngshain). ), but to win, even if there are many blessings, it is difficult, because Balajied Synrem has received 12002 votes.
Taking part in the discussion, Opposition Leader Dr Donkukar Roy said, “In Khasi, they say Ksan Rympei Rem Dorbar which means those who leave home but when they enter the dorbar they sit quietly”.
Police sources said that after investigation into the incident, police found through the confession of the 9-year-old child that besides him, there were five other children who were still in the hospital. aged 14, 17, 15, 12 and 13 years old.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84293 out of which 82529 have recovered and 1467 have died.
Prestone said the government has empowered the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to look into the matter.
“This is a lack of political power and it should be implemented immediately,” said Bah Ardent.
Shillong, June 22: Several youths from Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills District have come to Shillong to demand that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the State Government should announce the recruitment of Police as soon as possible.
Perhaps for the less fortunate it was a great blessing when benefactors and donors abounded.
Bah Sawkmie said that the proposal of the Minister to appoint these two persons to Nongpoh MUDA, is only to mislead the people, but the RBYF knows that in the complex in Nongpoh those who are entitled to receive They are the residents of Nongpoh or the Raid Nongpoh.
The leaders of the villages in Block-I and Block-II, in fear that the Phase-II demarcation talks will turn into something else, will not hesitate to go and tied. The State Government has closed down the Secretariat to remind them that their desire to stay in Meghalaya will be thwarted.
Paul said the CID will submit its report by June this year. The police department through the Special SP of the CID has submitted its monthly report. to the PAC after the PAC ordered the police department to expedite the investigation.
Two persons (including a woman) have lost their lives in a train collision in Assam Police in the past few days. Karimganj district, Assam.
A massive search in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean by a team of submarine divers for the Titanic continues.
The million was seized yesterday, according to media reports.
This Ksoo Lyngdoh was a very rich and strong and intelligent woman, and whatever she wanted to do and accomplished, she did not hesitate but stood firm.
At first glance, it can be said that Lajong's defense is strong, but on the other hand, Lajong have spent their time only in defending themselves and thus they have lost. Nongkhlaw and Chesterpaul Lyngdoh, who didn't see well from the opposition, scored the first goal in the 61st minute when Rangdajied received a corner kick from Rangdajied. Knerk tilang and with the head of Nongkhlaw, the ball went straight into the net even after Malngiang tried to stop it.
The CEM said that DD Lapang and Deborah Marak were also present in Delhi.
New Delhi: President Ram Nath Govind has approved the removal of 20 Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLAs from the membership of 20 MLAs on the recommendation of the Election Commission of India (ECI). don't hold the office of earning money or what they call the food.
As part of the programme, a Panel Discussion on the topic “Strengthening the Functioning and Oversight of Local Government Institutions in Meghalaya” was held on 22nd November 2023 in which Patricia Mukhim, Editor of The Shillong Times and Prof S Umdor, Head, Economics Department, Shillong was the chief guest.
The committee also wants to clarify that the main reason why the Smit Pyllun Village Authority has not been able to control this incident is because this tragic incident happened on the Umni Market Day. , in which many of the residents of other villages, were present among the residents, not only the residents of Shnong Smit.
Shillong, July 17 : The Pynursla Block Trinamool Youth Congress Committee (TYC) has clarified that there is no misunderstanding between the Trinamool Youth Congress Committee (TYC) in Pynursla as reported in the media.
The education of school children is our primary responsibility.
Reports said that the students from Tura will have to go to Ranchi, Jharkhand, to write the examination.
The campaign will start from 7th to 12th of April, then from 11th to 16th of April while the third round will be held from 9th to 14th of April. year.
CMC Kyntonmassar, after losing the toss, came out first to tied and managed to score 179 runs for the loss of four wickets in 12 overs.
Shillong: The Congress candidate from the 19th Shillong South Constituency, Manas Choudhury, on Tuesday said that the BJP candidate Sanbor Shullai has thought wrongly by saying that he will defeat Manas by about 15,000 votes.
She said that one of the victims, Kong R Synrem, was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital after she was seriously ill.
“Therefore, after this directive from the department, the disease has not spread to other villages in Garo Hills, but now East Khasi Hill has 3 places where pigs have been found to be infected. ASF, so the department has immediately ordered to follow the same procedure to prevent the spread of the disease,” he said.
Shillong: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) today met with the President of the North East Students' Organization (NESO). Congress and Rahul Gandhi in New Delhi to discuss the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
I am a person who understands many aspects of thought, I am a humble woman who doesn't even boast.
On the other hand, she said that after the post mortem, the authorities have not informed the cause of the death of the woman. night, the boyfriend said he found her in bed, but after police investigation, he said he saw her lying on the floor and he, along with a friend called Shan, pulled her down. body of the woman and put it on a bed to inform the relatives of the woman.
Although the BJP is involved with the state government in Nagaland, Jaiswal said he was speaking the truth, adding that corruption in the state is like a disease in the state and has also affected the officers like a chronic illness.
The objective of GAVI in this regard is to identify villages in these four states to provide vaccination to children in collaboration with villages and voluntary groups. .
This order to grant Head Teacher Allowance to all Govt/Non Govt LP Schools at T.300/- per month will come into force from the issuance of the order from the office of the Governor.
Shillong, June 10: The office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), which is the workplace for the development of the country and the nation, has turned into a garbage dump. They went to the District Council Court without any supervision and cleaning.
Speaking on the second day of the KHADC General Assembly, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said, through the empowerment of Article 6, “We really have the power to preserve the customs and traditions. custom.
However, these works instead of being like stones that adorn the crown and bring glory to the State along with the peace of the church; “We are deeply saddened by this,” said the General Secretary of SNSBH, Bah RL Blah.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Samlin Malngiang congratulated the Shnong Officers who have worked hard despite the many difficulties they have faced in the construction of the stadium.
Shillong, July 7: The University Grant Commission (UGC) on Tuesday said that the University Grant Commission (UGC) should not approve the CMJ University and remove it from its list. announce that you have sold the syrnod Ph.
Democratic Senate Representative Jeanne Shaheen told the Washington Post today that the 10,000 ISIS fighters could be released from prison and resume their activities. your victory.
The second semifinal match of the Mawlangwir Football Community Shield 2022-23 will be played tomorrow, 04 June 2023, between Azriel SC and Nongbri Brothers FC. at 2 pm, Saitsnad Square.
The Papilio demoleus is about three inches long from one end of the wing to the other, and has a blue-green color with stem markings, and two eye-shaped markings. in the hind wings.
The Founder and Chairman of the Foundation said that this day will be a special day for the state and for the architects and engineers of the bridges.
“Besides, the TMC leader said that the collapse of the dam and the issues related to the implementation of the project have shown further in the corruption and on other larger issues.
Donkyrmenlang Nadon top scored with 30 runs from 20 balls and Rohit Yadav took three wickets from three overs.
In the name of the stadium, the player expressed her gratitude and appreciation to MCF Raebareli for renaming the stadium to “Rani's”. Girls Hockey Turf" in honor of her contribution to her hockey career.
The Minister of State for Fisheries, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar Balyan will arrive in Shillong to take part in the election of the new President of the BJP in Meghalaya.
Imphal: Dozens of people have been killed and hundreds of others injured in clashes between ethnic groups in Manipur, the police said. message.
On the other hand, the OC Siangshai said that the police outpost in Saitsama will not be able to provide police because there is a shortage of police personnel in this outpost. They came forward to offer to work with the police together with the VDPs of the area and Khanduli village.
Therefore, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, urged the Congress supporters, not to believe in unfounded rumors which are only to confuse the supporters.
The driver of the truck from Larnai village was arrested by the residents of Larnai village and handed over to the Jowai Police Station. law.
As soon as he heard of this sad news and the suffering of the Christians in Ri Khasi, he hurried back to Nongsawlia with Mrs. Roberts and her daughter Miss Bessie Roberts.
However, the VPP has already made it clear from the beginning that the government should suspend all recruitment until the Reservation Policy is revised as this Policy and the Roster System are related.
Conrad also announced that he will donate T.50 lakh for the development of the tourist spot.
In the last MP election in Shillong, Vincent Pala of the Congress won with 2,09,340 votes out of 6,19,987 voters.
Besides Bah Paul Lyngdoh, those who attended the function included Bah CB Syiem and Kong Rona Khymdeit, former MDCs of Nongpoh Constituency, Rayonald Kharkamni and Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, former MDCs of Nongpoh Constituency. The meeting was attended by the leaders of the Kur and many officials from the Meghalaya Cricket Association and other officials from Ri Bhoi.
Now let us find out why this is happening in our small state which is lagging behind in many ways, if we look at:-1 East Shillong  Jirang                                                            4152                               4152                                                    Khliehriat                             24 Mairang w 2390                                          5        4098 Mokaiaw 5751 37 Nartiang 2168                      38            Nongthymmai 3065                                                                                                 5166                      210             Pynthor Umkhrah           10166                                                                                8879                                                                 4                                                Shillong South  112011                                                                                                                                                              8617 5 3 3 216 Bajengdoba       217 Ma Dalu                                                                                                                                  6133 San 219 Phulbari 4       Ro 4570 2679 421 Salmenpera 4140 3 6 7 2 Salt Sela                                                 South 4896 la ang khi ne 225 Tikri Kila 3615 BJP has won 60 seats in the Assembly in the General Election Modi's ability to lead the government in Meghalaya especially Modi's ability to do so much good for our North East.
Let us now talk about the true Bible which is the renewal and salvation through the work of the Spirit of God which we all must receive in order to go to heaven.
The award encourages the translation of books and aims to bring to the public knowledge about books written in India in languages ​​other than the mother tongue.
Ladthadlaboh SC beat Sailung Ialong 1-0 in the last minute through Promi Suting in the first semifinal of the qualifier. The Super Division Football Tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
Some groups have destroyed a place of worship on Lum Sohpetbneng, a place where traditional believers often make pilgrimages.
Because the holy promises that come out of their mouths are promises that if there is no river, there will be a bridge. we don't know anyone anymore, we have to follow them.
The HSPDP leaders today met with the Regional Director of the Atomic Mineral Directorate (AMD) at his office in Nongmynsong.
Therefore, Shillong should have been closed.
The rally was held to protest against the 49th Independence Day of Meghalaya because for 49 years the state has not received a proper border with the residents of Meghalaya. We who live on the border have been facing many problems, insults, harassment from time to time on the border of Assam which borders with our state. believes to send its police to the border.
However, as of now, the number of mining caves has increased to more than
As for the children, it was said that the militants had thrown them into the byrni.
Nadda, who visited the state for the first time, said the government will try its best to develop the hospital in the area to become one of the best hospitals in the state. nationally and internationally renowned.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today sought clarification from the leaders of the Sur of Mawlai, on the allegation that they have violated the rules and regulations against the spread of covid-1
Inside the vehicle, they found a stick, a knife, a plastic tarpaulin.
“These actions of the MDCs violate the rules of religious respect as enshrined in the Constitution,” he said.
Phanuel Tongper was elected as Vice President, Sanatomba Bamon as General Secretary, Yooni G Muksor as Assistant General Secretary, Shkemlang Lapasam as Organizing Secretary, Shanmi Syrti as Education Secretary. Poly Pohlong as Asst.Education Secretary, Mechak Kyndoh as Sport Secretary, Luckystar Pdang as Asst.Sport Secretary, Mihsalan Truh as Publicity Secretary, Westday Gympad as Environmental Secretary, Poibiang S Dhar as Finance Secretary, Khihlang Shylla as Assistant Finance Secretary and Koyos Pdang as Office Secretary along with 15 others as members of the Executive Committee.
Therefore, misunderstandings and unfounded fears arise.
It is said that they have searched the place.
On the way to Golflink, it was reported that someone tried to rape one of the children.
They lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer of the PHE department after the union came to inspect the implementation of the scheme and met with the residents who did not agree with the implementation of the scheme. he did not implement it as required by the government.
Shillong, July 19: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) would like to remind once again that the meeting of the Union will be held on the 21st of this month at Wahingdoh Community Hall, Shillong from at 11 pm to discuss issues affecting the culture, customs and traditions of the Khasi Pnar people.
According to Bah Mayral Bron Syiem in 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the opening of the Trauma Center has been suspended and will be opened later. The Trauma Center has not been completed yet and the building is still standing and has been used as the office of the District Medical and Health Officer of Ri Bhoi District.
Similarly, the conscience cannot draw a picture to show what it hides.
JOWAI: The Startup India Meghalaya Yatra in collaboration with the Ministry of DoNER and the State Government has arrived in Jowai and held a consultation program with the students of the Department of Commerce at Kiang Nangbah Government College on Monday.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to the allegation by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, that there is no more coal worth 32 lakh MT, said that the Leader of the Opposition Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that he has visited the roads to inspect only the roads, how to get the 32 lakh MT of coal. The opposition leader should understand that the state government will have to build a coal storage facility so that it can transport the coal that is still in the coal mines.
The Bishop urged the Catholics to love God and to love their fellow human beings and neighbors and to obey the commandments of God.
In the past 24 hours, no new cases have been reported.
The march to Delhi was under the banner of the All India Kisan Sabha, which has the support of 200 farmers in the AIKSCC.
“In my opinion then enough.
In a statement, CSWO Agnes Kharshiing said that on 22nd November 2015, some families from Upper Klew village in Ri Bhoi District, went to the Meghalaya Rural Bank located at Nongthymmai, Ri Bhoi District to open a bank account to benefit from the PDS as directed by the Supply Department from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
He said that the expired drug is Clovit Cream, which is a skin treatment, which has been expired for three months.
Nongpoh: The Hima Jirang, the Hima Jirang, has prepared for the two-day Amkyrbai Poshan Festival 2019 in Jirang. Jirang Community Reserve (Amkyrbai Lake) on the 30th and 31st of this month.
The heavy rains and floods in China are also happening at a time when other countries in the world are experiencing this season, and have caused various events that affect the livelihoods of the general public.
He said that up to 1000 Home Stays have been allocated for the area and those home stays will operate continuously and not just do anything.
“Speaking to the media after taking over the government in 2018, I have put forward that all departments whether education, development, roads, sports and others others should serve the people fairly".
“The inspection is adequate, we have investigated the four stages of the project including Stage-1, 2, 3 and 4,” said Bah Mawthoh.
When visiting these places in Ri Bhoi, it was seen that almost all the Police Chiefs and Police Langrut in Ri Bhoi, have participated in the religious songs. and songs of praise to God.
Meghalaya, which had already beaten Sikkim by 93 runs in the first innings, fought hard in the second innings and their bowlers managed to stop the Sikkim bowlers. They scored only 114 runs for the loss of all wickets.
“They expressed that the GHADC needs the ethnic political parties from the state to better understand the problems faced by the ethnic groups in Garo Hills and the UDP will work with them,” he said.
The amount of the fine should be deposited in the account of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Carnes Sohshang said that the presence of beautiful tourist attractions inside the villages will be a way to enrich the village, the region and the Khasi Hills as a whole. Sohra is a place where people flock to visit and I hope that this Phod Rai Rai will also be a place that will attract many people who want to come and witness it. the beauty of this place.
Sonam is awaiting the release of Blind, which is based on a South Korean film about a blind police chief.
Speaking on the theme, Ms. M Lakiang, District Mission Coordinator, SSA-West Jaintia Hills, said that the theme was based on three colors including purple. ) representing righteousness and status, orange representing ambition and ambition and white representing hygiene.
According to the National Cancer Institute, formalin can also cause cancer.
These are the keys to generating income,” he said.
In the remaining minutes, Shillong Lajong were well prepared with the goal of scoring the first goal but failed to score.
There are 8,055 confirmed cases and 512 deaths.
“We have all the documents to confirm that Mukroh falls in Meghalaya within the boundary of the JHADC,” he said. Nartiang Police Station is not under the jurisdiction of the Assam Police.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he will meet with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
“For this reason, the emergence of home stays, hotels and guest houses has required the Council to implement this Act to curb illegal construction without permission,” he said. Come on Paul.
He also reminded that we are living in these difficult times where the temperature or global warming is increasing from day to day and the amount of water in the ground is also decreasing.
This is the G20 Submission.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of CCORMAU, Bah Arju Dkhar said, “The intention of the Government of India to hand over the electricity sector to private companies, especially in our state, it is just violence without any consultation with the people involved in this”.
The DGP is currently under house arrest.
Bah PT Sawkmie also distributed clothes to the women of Umsaw Mawjynrong.
On the other hand, they including the traders at the Dawki Tamabil market demanded that the government should dismiss such people who do not take care of their jobs because of their negligence to work. disrupt the trade and cause loss to the State Government.
And like a lion that watches over the young goats from the sky, so Satan watches over the people.
The central theme of this day is “The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel” (Mk 1:15).
He said the government should take action to explain to the border guards that they should allow the agricultural traders to export their agricultural products to Bangladesh.
Of course, there are issues that need to be accepted and explained by all the residents.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Rangpher Rynjah, Member of JPK. The keynote address was delivered by Bah O. Pyngrope Vice President of the Seng Khasi Kmie.
The Mylliem MLA has a working room where the people can come and go to discuss any issue, said Bah Marweiñ.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Nathaniel Lyngdoh, 35, of Mawlong-Mawtari, Shillong, is the youngest son of Bermon Lyngdoh, 6 months old. .
The Government will have to ensure that in the future, the youth need to be trained in the fields of management of buildings, factories, companies and should allocate funds for training. to him.
The spirit came.
When asked about the daily allowance of the students, the sordar said that they provide allowance only once a month and sometimes they don't.
When asked whether the government has a plan to rebuild the bridge at Damsite, Prestone said, “NHAI has handed over the project to NHIDCL and we have a plan to build the road. Four lane from Umïam to Shillong if you get the land.
He urged everyone to support this training institution which will become the National Law University Meghalaya and will become a world renowned institution.
Kitboklang Lyngdoh scored 35 runs while Daymen Shullai scored 26 runs.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the police have arrested the owner of a coal mine. K Chyrmang, 20, to investigate into the incident, but as he has tested positive for Covid-19, he has not been investigated yet and is currently undergoing Corona Care Centre.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 30 : Meghabond Cement Ltd (KSU) has decided to set up another cement factory at Wahiajer village in East Jaintia Hills District. They also requested the Doloi of Narpuh Elaka to stop issuing No Objection Certificate to this factory. factory.
In Maweit area, the whole area relies only on jio network until now and we don't have any other towers in the area so if the jio network doesn't exist, they have to use mobile phones without network and the people have suffered in all aspects. .
Even in this world there will always be those who want to listen to their own kinds of songs and singers.
In this trophy, Meghalaya has played four matches in which it has won only once, lost three times and lost one.
Police have taken the body of the child to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for further investigation. still going on.
Besides the Men's Body Building and Men's Best Physique, there will also be a Women's Best Physique.
On the feelings of the Sengbhalang that the Union Home Minister could not meet them on the 23rd of this month, he said, “I cannot say anything but I have seen with my own eyes that Amit Shah has a church meeting in Assam.
One of them is a 10-year-old girl from Mizoram,” said Debbarma, who said that police had summoned the leaders of these refugee camps but they refused to respond. know nothing about the visit of these women.
“The people should not worry for Bah Ardent but for the youth and Bah Ardent will not hesitate at all and we will fight if he wins,” he added.
The new cases include EGH: 20, EJH: 43, EKH: 134, NGH: 23, RBD: 84, SGH: 17, SWGH: 14, SWKH: 04, WGH: 126, WJH: and WKH: 18.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing to find out the facts.
“I have warned that if the market is reopened, there should be no sale of any anti-social items such as alcohol,” he said.
He said that the people especially the youth should choose which party to choose, which party can work well and which party can create job opportunities.
He said that the Hima Sohra has signed a social agreement with Rocky Dhar for a piece of land to quarry stone and the Dorbar Majai has no knowledge of this.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today held an emergency meeting at Congress Bhawan in Shillong to discuss the resignation of Rahul Gandhi from the post of President. the Party.
In a statement, Wonder E.Pakyntein, Secretary, MeECL, Meghalaya, said that as people when this happens, they feel like they don't have anything else. and lost hope but in the eyes of the Creator all these are his wise arrangements.
It is learned that the wife of Bah George had gone to the vehicle to request them to reduce the noise as her three-year-old son was not well.
It is worth mentioning that the Seng Samla was established in 1998 by the youth leaders in that year to unite the youth and to guide them in many fields.
Furthermore, the party through the speech of the Minister understands that there is no leader who has the desire to look after and improve education in the state which is the department where the struggle for the development of education is. you have a lot of synjor in the state.
Open tomorrow the 14th or whatever.
Before handing over the letter of appeal to the District Administration and the Government, the leaders and members of the Seng Kur Kharsahnoh also held a meeting at Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills District on Thursday.
If there are 10 matters, 5 matters will be focused on education,” said Conrad.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the KJP is a school which has shaped women as one of the prominent educational institutions in the state.
He said the Meghalaya government has decided to honor the freedom fighters of the state including Woh Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma. The Central Government, the High Commission of India to Bangladesh for their continued support in all aspects which has contributed to the achievement of this great milestone,” said Sniawbhalang.
Shillong: The Crime Branch Police Station, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, today was inaugurated by R.K. Chandranathan, IPS, Meghalaya in the presence of Kong I.Nongrang, IPS Addl.Director General of Police (L&O/TAP), and Bah H.Nongpluh, IPS Addl.Director General of Police (SB/CID) , Bah MK Dkhar, IPS Inspector General of Police (ER/TAP) and other senior police officers.
Nongpoh: The District Mission Coordinator of SSA-SEMAM Ri Bhoi District today celebrated the World Literacy Day at Umsning Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Umsning. On this occasion, many schools from Umsning area came to participate in this programme.
“It's Ma, don beit...But the law will do what it needs to do...The police have arrested those enemies of this house...” “It's Ma, don beit...But the law will do what it needs to do...The police have arrested those enemies of this house...” Long Kmie “The police also came to investigate from the house of Bah Shanbor.
When asked whether the legal notice is grounds for violating the rights of the Member of Parliament, the former Prime Minister said, “Therefore, I say that under the provisions of the law, you can send me a legal notice"
The march was accompanied by a slogan demanding the investigation and punishment of the robbers who committed the crime by being hanged or set along for life.
It must also cleanse itself of its association with the RSS, Bajrang Dal and VHP.
In the final, Matrisangha, who won the toss, allowed NEPA to tied first and scored 208 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs.
Marak, who is currently Chairman of the State Environment Impact Assessment Authority of Meghalaya, is also a member of the Governing Bodies of Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong and North East Christian University, Dimapur.
Another incident is the turning of the nation to God, because the Khasi Jaintia Hills was known as a nation that knew man and knew God, but there were times when the nation forgot about God. and many evils have increased.
In the Nongjri GS Circle, the villages are Weikian, Rana, Tluh, Bah, Tishang, War, Mawpathaw, Hat Nongjri and Nongjri Shkod.
If found guilty of fraud, you will be disqualified from participating without refunding the entry fee.
There are six current MDCs on the list and these are Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem (Pynthorumkhrah), Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh (Mylliem), Batskhem Ryntathiang (Mairang), Gabriel Wahlang (Nongstoin), Charles Marngar ( Mawhati) and Carnes Sohshang.
Speaking on the occasion, Mukul said it is a pride for Meghalaya to receive the eight flags of the eight countries participating in the South Asian Games (SAG).
This is what destroys the unity, closeness and love as one nation.
The famous Karbi poet Elisha Hanse wrote, “Thank you for a long time; I'm not sure what to do, I'm not sure what to do with Thong Nokbe"
He said that after receiving information from intelligence agencies, police have arrested the people involved who claimed to be the leaders of the party.
Patna, Naitung 16: Eleven school children have died and dozens of others have become ill after eating lunch at a government school in Saran district.
Shillong: "Even if you are an MLA or any other government official, once you violate the rules of traffic or cause a traffic jam, you should be fined," said the MLA of North Shillong Constituency Bah Adelbert Nongrum during his inspection of the Motphran area which was the cause of the traffic jam.
“The question now is where does the future of the youth who have been deprived of recruitment in this department goes? Do we want them to spread and become a burden to society and the state as a whole? BJP State President Rikman G Momin said the party has sent to Delhi the Five candidates from Shillong and six candidates from Tura Parliamentary constituency.
Shiva Thapa of Assam won the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg.
He said that along with other eastern states, Meghalaya has been able to play in the Vijay Hazare and Ranji Trophy which are the biggest tournaments in the country.
The state government does not inform the residents of the people who have been infected with Covid-19, while the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and officers visit the hospitals. villages affected by Covid-1
The doctors have stepped up the treatment of these victims in an attempt to save their lives.
After searching the area, it was seen in the surveillance footage that the policeman was standing for a while near the motorcycle of his friend and his body was covered with a blanket. on a motorcycle and signaling to his friend to move in the direction he wanted and the motorcycle moved.
India should no longer use goods made in China.
She said that according to the Lokayukta Act, 2014, the Government has received complaints in the selection of the members appointed to the Lokayukta including the posts of Director of Inquiry and Director of Prosecution.
“When the people demand to increase the price of the government tax as proposed by the government, they increase the tax on umphiang only by 2 tyngka. part of government vehicles can this save the government “.
Hek said the government can build a prefab structure for the treatment of covid-19 patients at Pasture Ground, but this has not been confirmed yet as it falls under the under the supervision of the CM Secretariat.
Speaking on Tuesday, u Bah Ollan said that some of the villages have not yet reached the road and some of them have reached but it is only for four wheel vehicles while other vehicles are not. to walk like the road to Thieddieng.
“This plastic stadium, which was launched in 2009 through FIFA's Win in India with India project, has benefited and blessed many youngsters and trained them until they have become prominent players in the country. different age groups including men to women," said the petition that the MFA sent to the Prime Minister.
Hamletson Dohling in his speech said that the office of the Wapung C&RD Block will be constructed at a cost of Rs 3 crore.
The service was accompanied by Fr. Andreas Pariat, Fr. Robert Khyriem, Parish Priest of Nongshyrngan Parish and other Priests.
The World Tobacco Day was also celebrated by various speakers who spoke on the dangers and effects of tobacco and other alcoholic beverages. give a short drama to highlight the dangers of tobacco and other alcoholic beverages.
The North East is at the heart of India's Act East Policy.
These three roads which the HNYF has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tyngsong on 22nd October 2022, are the Mawhati road, the Nongpoh road and the Umden-Umjari and the road from Umrit to Umling, where these roads have affected the traffic of the people for many decades now. it is because of the evil that has afflicted the people.
A similar meeting was also held at Moopylaitshiar, Khliehtrishi.
Shillong: U Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Donboklang Kharlyngdoh has been summoned to appear at Sardar PS tomorrow and Mawlai PS on the 18th regarding the protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 2019 and ILP. (Inner Line Permit) is not available.
The Governor of Assam, Gulab Chand Kataria, in the presence of Vice Chancellor, Fr. teachers, students and leaders from all over India.
The ILP is like a sword to protect the illegal immigrants with the intention of invading us the indigenous people in our State.
This is the second match of Shillong Lajong in the tournament, after playing their first match against Mohammedan SC of Kolkata in the previous match. The match ended in a 1-1 draw at the Naihati Bankimanjali Stadium, West Bengal on 3rd November.
However, the expenditure on sports has increased significantly after 2018 since the establishment of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government.
More than 1000 villages in the State have been certified as “Har Ghar Jal”.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today met with the HNLC leaders including the Political Secretary, Vice Chairman and other members. informed the prime minister.
Only 3 or 4 photos/videos of the participants will be posted per day and only if necessary we will post more.
Those who leave after the stipulated time will be fined T.
In Umiam, 4.3mm of rainfall was recorded today, while today, it was heavy rainfall, according to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD).
Thus, we are that generation that saw the rise of the Tree of Life after it was cut down.
A massive search operation was conducted in the forest areas of Bata-Doriya in Jammu & Kashmir to combat and arrest the militants.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The election campaign in Mawshynrut constituency has been heated between two brothers, who used to belong to the same party, but now they are in their own political party and will fight against each other. him alone.
One of them as it appears these days is the government's forced dismissal of officers working in the Lokayukta office which has put the people in shock and anger.
We are ashamed to do our own thing and we are proud if we are able to do what others do.
“We on behalf of the Shiphew Dorbar want to understand clearly on this order because we don't understand yet and we want to get clarification from the KHADC,” said Bah Ryntathiang.
In 4X4 STOCK, 1st Eugene Nianti (Driver) & Balajied Japanp (Navigator) (Rs 25,000), 2nd Prize Donly Ford Thangkhiew (Driver) & Edward Dkhar (Navigator) (Rs 20,000), and 3rd Prize – Balaji Driver) Heisar Kyndiah (Navigator) (Rs 10,000).
On the other hand, the DC has ordered to collect the account numbers of the family members of Bah Mukhim, for the purpose of paying the compensation.
In this article we will mention some of the top foods that promote platelets.
The new Legislative Assembly was inaugurated by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in June this year.
However, he understood that he was taken after an ambulance, but not a car but a helicopter and then he was taken to another plane until he died. I went to the hospital.
The union also lodged a complaint after finding that the company has come to implement the project to dig pipeline to supply gas without the village and Raid authorities. JCBs to operate without NOC from the village authority and one of the villages which has suffered from this is Mawbri.
“The outcome of this meeting shall be reported and brought before the court in the form of a report.
Shillong, Nailar, 05: Six days after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, the State Government has no choice but to assist the teachers who are teaching on contract in government schools. The President of the Association, Bah Birbor Riangtem, on Thursday handed over the Dulir to the office of the Chief Minister. from Election Photo Identity Card, Aadhaar Card, Driving License, Pan Card, Marksheet D.El.
The meeting was also attended by the President, Bah Titos Chyne and other leading party leaders.
However, to achieve this, it is not only up to the MDCs of the Council but also the cooperation of the people to protect the nation.
As part of the sign of unity which is also part of the expression of the unity of the Khasi-Pnar people, the Seng Khasi Kmie has received with honor the special invitation of the Khasi-Pnar people. Seiñraij Jowai for the purpose of making and carrying a coffin or rot to the Behdieñkhlam festival
“The Congress will not support the MDA government because it has a BJP party in it, but the support of the four Congress MLAs is a follow-up to the resolutions passed in the House. “Bah Syiem told the media.
The new cases include EGH: 06, EJH: 04, EKH: 226, NGH: 08, RBD: 53, SGH: 09, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 04, WGH: 22, WJH: bad WKH: 03 There are 487 recoveries.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has lodged a complaint with the CGM HR, Sunil Prakash Bhardwaj and the union. On the 11th of this month, the NHAI said that the NHAI has not taken action to repair the road. public'.
The court allowed the AG to appeal against the case.
The chief speaker of this service will be Apostle RR Khongkrom.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Meghalaya High Court on Friday issued an order for the immediate arrest of Dr AG Ahangar, Director of NEIGRIHMS. order regarding the medical education allocation from the Central Government.
During the march, they carried placards with various slogans demanding that the kidnapping of the employees of the bank should be stopped.
point on this opening day of competition.
On the other hand, the President of the Union, Bah M Nongneng, said that the Union appeals to the Kur KurKalang or the private sector, because they want to see this project go ahead. He said that the government does not want to interfere with the project, but if this project is completed, it will be a shame for the state because there are many projects. .
The Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, has promised to speak and direct the NHAI to take action.
As human beings, we are filled with the spirit of courage, the spirit of money which the poet Soso Tham wrote in his poem Duitara ksiar “Whose will be saved, Whose will be”.
Finally, the Revolution – Defend Our Country urges all our fellow countrymen not to forget to pray and surrender ourselves to God in this struggle for the future of our country.
that they wanted to meet with him.
The Tournament Committee of the tournament once again invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness the match between the two teams. .
The principal of the government is T.44,000 lakh, the interest is T.88,595 lakh, the government has borrowed T.87300 and the interest is T.94106 and the amount has reached T.14,122 crore. .
Shillong, Iaiong 11: The Shad Suk Mynsiem at Weiking Square, has ended after three days, amidst the participation of boys and girls.
He was rushed to the hospital but doctors pronounced him dead before reaching the hospital.
See below:-1988- Of the 6 candidates, Dr Donkupar (IND-2110), Ednelson Diengdoh (HSP-986), SG Lyngdoh (HPU-1692), Medhi Warjri (IND-428), Saitish Wanswett ( PDC-1171) and R. Wester Tiewsoh (INC-1220), Dr Don won with 418 votes against Bah SG Lyngdoh. Wahlang (JD-1375), GG Syiemlieh (INC-3163) and SG Lyngdoh (PDC-1601) won with 742 votes. (UDP-3773), GG Syiemlieh (INC-2962), Doughlas Wahlang (PDM-1715), Neki D.Wanbah (HSP-51), Dr Don won with 811 votes. 6 candidates, Dr Donkupar Roy (UDP-3145), P.Saiborn (KHN-2923), GG Syiemlieh (INC-2172), Kondro Ksanlah (IND-1046), B.Dkhar (HSP-227), P.Saiborn (KHN-2923). Shonglait (NCP-37), Dr Don won with 222 votes against P. Saiborn. (KHN-2585), Dr Don won with 939 votes against Leston Wanswett. -3527), JS Nongkhlaw (INC-2880), KM Roy Khyllep (IND-533), Dr Don won by 355 votes against Leston Wanswett. ), Leston Wanswett (PDF-7910), B.L.Ryngnga (INC-4332), J.S.Nongkhlaw (BJP-3390), S.Riahtam (NPP-484), W.Bynnud (IND-456). Leston Wanswett received 370 votes.
Pudina and Sohjew Juice : A glass of Pudina leaf juice and a little sohjew juice is very beneficial. It helps to cleanse the heart, strengthen the body and helps those who are poor. aka the ability to eat more.6.
This was announced by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid S Syiem in reply to a motion tabled on the closing day of the Council session.
On the other hand, the UDP has already announced its candidates in some of these constituencies while the Congress has already announced its candidates while the KHNAM has announced a few candidates and the HSPDP has already announced its candidates. for the mid-term MDC elections to be held on November 13,
Shillong Lajong FC will prepare for their final away match of the I-League against Sreenidi Deccan FC on Saturday at 4:30 pm at the Deccan Arena, Hyderabad.
Mamata Banerjee earlier this month confirmed that the CM should have paid the remaining Rs 1.15 lakh crore to West Bengal in many accounts, including bills. The Dorbar Shnong Lawmali Pyllun will hold a cleanliness drive on the 16th November, 2023 from 8 am until the cleanliness drive is completed.
Therefore, these teams who have reached the final, will compete against each other for the title and especially to lead from the District to the State Level which will be held at Shillong.
Without the country and the nation, our own humanity is useless, powerless and ends up in vain.
They also sent their letter to the Chief Minister, the Governor and the Minister in charge of Education.
For example, if you are treated at a Government hospital, you can get about ` 10,000, while in a private hospital, the cost of treatment is between ` 30,000 to ` 1,40,000 at a private hospital.
We will also hear news of diseases, famines, famines, natural disasters, or earthquakes everywhere.
[continued] He looks at her and Rida is silent.
The election campaign was held at Patharkhmah Market in Jirang Constituency in Ri Bhoi District.
It will be good news for the second Sohra Half Marathon, which will attract more than 3000 runners.
At the same time, he gave a special thanks to Bah Eugenson Lyngdoh who spoke on how to develop the youth through sports in various fields because through sports the youth have now been able to stand up. Eugenson has been one of the stars of the state and this has been an example for the youth.
On Friday, Amber Heard also claimed that Depp assaulted and assaulted her while she was on a private flight in June
“Although the BJP can become a destroyer by supporting the NPP,” he said, “I don't know how true it will be.
Earlier, the Chief Secretary of the State, Satya Gopal, in a statement, said that due to the deterioration of law and order in the State, the proposal to grant PRC to the Scheduled Tribes, who are not Arunachal Pradesh, has been decided. , Namsai and Changlang have been suspended.
The advantage of having, intense hills, a detachment of European Troops or even a Convalescent Depot, like that of Darjeeling mus be obvious.
When trying to find out about the increase in the price of 'ñiangryndia, it was understood that it is due to the excessive fishing competitions around the area.
Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills VS Rathore said the Chief Judicial Magistrate has given eight days to the police to investigate after he was brought before the court.
Home Guard Disnarlin L Lyngdoh (50) of Mawlai Mawroh has died after being shot dead by truck drivers in Ribhoi last month. , Police have ordered to park the trucks inside the FCI grounds, otherwise it will cause a lot of damage.
India became a member of the WCO on
YSRC President and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy on Tuesday said that his party will work hard to ensure victory. in all 175 constituencies in the 2024 Assembly elections.
He also spoke on the harmful effects of smoking, where smoking does not only affect the smoker, but sadly it affects even those who do not smoke as well. .
The MDA-II Government has received the support of 45 MLs of whom 26 are from the NPP, 11 from the UDP, 2 from the BJP, 2 from the HSPDP, 2 from the PDF and 2 from the BJP. Independent MLA.
Two battalions of troops have been deployed in Assam, while in Tripura, two battalions of troops have been deployed. The situation has increased in the state, the report said.
Then the lyer of the long family began to stir.
Contributed.
Please read.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, President of the HSPDP, did not say whether the party will take part in the meeting, but said that he is in trouble and will see tomorrow.
Another reason is that we have the ability to remember well those who have failed in their careers.
Wisdom will not end with what we see now, but it will continue to grow until Jesus comes down to earth.
So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many" Hebrews 9:24-2
He said that we cannot act hastily and we cannot just hand over the land to the Assam government.
The HYC wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the people of Hynniewtrep, said a statement from Publicity Secretary Samla Ïohboklang Kharbudnah.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MCP) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Election Officer (CEC) regarding the advertisements issued by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) against the Congress party in two newspapers. 18th June and on 20th June
Just as we know that good and precious things are in secret and hard to find places, gold, precious stones and even knowledge are not easy to find, so is the knowledge of management and only the intelligent people who can develop strategies from time to time can bring about change.
Besides Rana, another Chief Superintendent of Police, Bah A Sunn, who was previously DIG (ER), has been promoted to the post of Inspector General of Police.
The NGT has directed the state government to remove all illegal structures in the river within three months.
Regarding the issues raised by the EMRI staff, the Government should look into and arrange for the people who need the services of these 108 Ambulances. those who are sick and suffering especially in the villages will not suffer.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment.
East Khasi Hills has 184 cases and West Khasi Hills has 132 cases.
The UDP Samla said that due to the lack of laws to define the duties of Rangbah Shnong and Dorbar Shnong, they have remained in darkness.
(Until the time of the end …… knowledge shall be increase).
Those who want to leave can leave, there is no restriction on their wishes, the Congress is not a party without people and without leaders,” he said.
“We have lodged a complaint with the Division Bench on Tuesday,” said CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
“In the IT sector, in the last five years the government has been able to create up to 3,000 jobs in Call Centers and BPO IT Parks and the target for the next five years is to create jobs. more than 20,000 and up to 5,000 jobs have already been allocated by the government,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lambokstarwell said that the imprisonment of these four persons is an encouragement to them to be brave enough to serve the nation even if they have to go to jail.
It is understood that the suspension of work is due to the fact that the new Governor RN Ravi has not arrived in Shillong since he took office after the former Governor Tathagata Roy took leave.
But always it doesn't.
The CCIB has met with the Minister of State for Border Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong and urged him to talk to the Central Government to conduct a new survey before erecting shiah signs on the border areas of Khasi and Jaintia Hills. to Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 13: The HANM Jaintia Hills Unit has vowed to hold a protest against the shooting death of two persons by the police at Mookhep.
The death toll has risen to 30 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 8,5
Shillong, Lber 11: The Government of Amlarem has issued an order to transfer the SDO (Civil) of Amlarem Ganchas Das to Sohra Civil Sub-Division. Ajay Tomar (IAS) has been posted to Haryana.
Regarding the protest, Generous said that until today, there has been no talk from any side, whether from the government or from the Syiem of Hima. Mylliem is the same.
In Pynursla Civil Sub Division, they were reported to have arrived at Nongtyngur, Umsyiem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The All Khasi Meghalaya Tourist Taxi Association (AKMTA) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to urge the implementation of a policy against tourist vehicles. out of state to access attractions located in the state.
“During a recent visit to Tripura after spending up to 7 hours and attending many meetings, the people wanted a change like Himachal,” she said.
For the righteous I would like them to read from the gospel according to Lk.16:19ff how Jesus spoke the parable of the rich man and Lazarus.
The Pastor said that the government provides assistance in the construction of roads, electricity and water supply.
" Panah turned and went away immediately.
Commenting on the need to amend the bill, the Laitkroh MDC said that the Rangbah Shnongs are volunteers without salary and empowered by the people. “It's not like I'm going to be able to become Rangbah Shnong,” said Bah Carmel Sohtun, who has just joined KHNAM. “It will undermine the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs and may also destroy the customs and traditions”.
The Super Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) has ended on Thursday.
These idols were brought from all over Shillong with the performance of music, dancing and dancing.
Kynsaibor Wankhar (12), Dameshanbor Gashnga (27), Ronnie Pyngrope (63), Blanang Khongsdam (64) and Nangtei Kharlukhi (81) scored the goals.
Explaining on this issue, Bah Marweiñ said that cleanliness should start from the beginning and by cleanliness, it does not mean that we should clean every hour.
The village was first established by the people who lived in a place called 'Phlongkor' which is near Leshka.
Nongpoh, July 14: It is impossible to explain where the KSU's protest against the railway line will lead to the state. The office of the Manager of the Sericulture Department, Mawpdang, Ri Bhoi District, has been set on fire this morning.
These events will occur within those 7 years according to the Book of Revelation.
They also expressed their desire to fully implement the policies to enable people with disabilities like Bah Aiboklang and others to stand on their own feet.
In a letter, the Seng requested the District authorities to take immediate action on the bridge at Umlipoi which is the road to Nongkasen.
Thus, God saw those secret plans of Satan and God cast him out of the Third Heaven.
If the Government continues to harden its heart like Pharo, it will create problems for the villages and it will not be easy for the VHC members to do the job which they rely on all the ASHA workers and so on. Anganwadi workers to do the jobs that ASHAs used to do.
For West Jaintia, entry forms can be obtained from the DSO office during office hours by sending the names of the players along with passport size, birth certificates and Municipal Board/CHC/PHC and Aadhaar Card before 7th July.
This is a long subject, but for the media, it is a surprising incident that it was during the 2014 elections that different articles came from the office of the All India Congress Committee.
Ajay Fauji, a jhur vendor in Varanasi, has deployed two guards for his safety in keeping money on his body and for the safety of his sohsaw. this is your shop.
"The lake is the perfect place to find evidence of human life that existed billions of years ago and may have happened during the lake's existence," said Ken Farley. , who is a scientist for the Mars 2020 mission.
Shillong: A body was found lying lyngktar behind the Rapsang market in the Cantonment Area on the 8th of this month.
Why can't you increase the scholarship of school children because the tuition fees in schools and colleges no longer match their scholarship fees?
The High Court has directed the government to hold a meeting between the JMB and the Rangbah Shnongs of Jowai.
According to the information received from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Khasi Hills, they have been selling sugar once a month from the MECOFED Meghalaya Mawlai Mawiong farm only 3 kilos once a month.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pius Marweiñ said that the opening of this Community Hall will be one of the ways to help the village to use and hold meetings. various.
According to Bah Adelbert, many residents of Meghalaya have approached him for assistance in this regard and have also expressed their difficulty in returning to Meghalaya because of the high price of airfare price.
However, it was learned that this time these two leaders who lost the MLA election have not applied for ticket for the MDC election. So far, according to information received, there are two constituencies, Shella and Jaiaw, which the party has to send to the DEC to resign. decide on its candidate.
As the signs show, the election in Ri Bhoi will be one of the cleanest and most successful elections and the reason is that from now on, the candidates or parties who intend to contest There were also candidates who promised heaven and earth and started using the power of money just to get the support of the people.
“God will not forsake those in need and this reception of these children in a new home is the opening of the way of God who hears and sees their cries and needs, and perhaps God “He will also raise up precious stones among these 6 brothers and sisters who will become bright stars and support the family,” said Bah Joplin. Take the initiative to look after the problems of these children by finding ways and means to complete this house and urge these children to continue to do good in their lives because God will always open it. opportunity once a day.
Furthermore, the Dorbar Shnong has warned the residents not to commit any crime against the family of Nijanduh Phawa.
Jowai, Nailar 30: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has invited entries for the 11th Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football League Tournament. 2023.
It is up to the CM to keep them on alert, this is what I am saying.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning expressed his satisfaction that the women in many villages have started to move forward through the establishment of VOs and SHGs to work and support their fellow women especially. to stand on their own feet.
Education in the state, I don't think it's gone down; Who do you blame now? The government of Conrad Sangma.
“It should immediately order the police to use masks, to beat, bomb and shoot if necessary to protect the border and the people on the border,” said the General Secretary of the HYC. , Bah Roy Kupar Synrem in a statement.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 10: Mawsaw Government Upper Primary School and RMSA Secondary School have held a rally to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of tobacco whether it is for men or women. just throw it inside the shyntur.
In a statement, the HITO said that the organization of the Meghalaya Games by the MSOA, which is supported by the government, is a great blessing to the youngsters who have the opportunity to showcase their talents. especially in this age when sports is one of the employment factories.
This allocation is less than T50,910/- from the Council's revenue of T2
The total number of cases has now reached 25,26,193, with 6,68,220 still infected and 18,08,937 recovered.
The president of the KSU was arrested on 7th June on charges of involvement in illegal activities during the ILP protest in the past years.
It is also expected that through this programme, the NRLM also expects that the members of the SHGs will be able to improve their income through their skills and produce agricultural products. various.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has declared that the 22nd, 23rd, 24th and 27th of June will be a ban on the sale of liquor in the district due to the elections. MDC to JHADC. He announced that all kyiad shops should be closed on these days.
The driver of the vehicle, who used to travel with Agnes, said that he is a Para Legal Volunteer of the State Legal and many cases he has traveled with. he went to Lad Rymbai.
Speaking on the issue of electricity, the state government has produced a lot of electricity from Ri Bhoi District as the electricity source in Ri Bhoi District has been pulled from Pung Umiam and many of the residents have expressed their concern that Even though most of the electricity has been supplied from Ri Bhoi, the people still have to face the frequent power outages which has sometimes caused a lot of trouble to the people.
Of these, 32 were Thai nationals.
“Nowadays, you can easily find various information because you have the Internet which provides you with forty kinds of information,” he added.
Nongstoiñ Police Station on 31st June 2023 arrested a man who allegedly raped a child. From one of the villages in West Khasi Hills, the Dorbar Shnong of West Khasi Hills has revealed that 22 children have been raped by the same person while 15 children have been raped by the same person. another attempted rape.
Nongpoh: The Ministers and Basan of Mylliem Hima, Shillong, today visited the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, to discuss a complaint from two persons, who admitted to owning the land. of the Kur Jana Nongbet and the Kur Syiemsad, who owned land in many villages in the Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi, according to the documents since
Marshall Pariat of West Jaintia Police Cricket Club was named Man of the Match.
Speaking on the selection process, Dr Don said the UDP has started selecting candidates from the circle through various units to determine who is the best person to contest.
Under the leadership of the Magistrate of Kamrup, the Assam Police accompanied by the Assam Police, today raided the village of Pahambarngi Barapathar, Umtyrnga, Ribhoi District. 10 buses or 400 personnel of CRPF (men and women), Rapid Action Force and Staff of Survey Land Record Department of Assam.
“Does the management have the authority to calculate salaries or does the government give them the authority,” he said.
He said that he would meet with the elders of Umsohbar and Warmawsaw villages and the organizations to inspect the construction of the road.
The MoU was signed between MB Tongper and Anil R. Sah, Head of NETC in the presence of Raja Brahma, Additional Deputy Commissioner and Project Director DRDA, Sh.
However, it is sad to say that when the day comes to arrange the marriage of the children, parents and relatives, friends and neighbors of both the kurs, They have conducted a search for another reason, if there is any more reason why their children should not be married, by forgetting what they have told their children. and relatives from the beginning of the love of their children.
Bah Kit Shangpliang, leader of the group, said, “We have been on the road for more than 15 years and we have been made aware that the music of our Khasi Hills has become so good that it is needed. to get the best equipment in the world and help improve this model, until we recorded these songs at Yaj Raj Films Studios, one of the best studios in the world.
The incident happened at about 10.30 pm, when NPP workers came to destroy the TMC meeting venue. One of the TMC supporters, Nozrul Howie, 59, was injured and taken to a nearby hospital. The incident occurred at Phulbari CHC Hospital.
The party lost in Nowgong to the Congress, but won the Autonomous Council and Silchar, which used to be the strongholds of the Congress.
Rida said, “Yes, my son, I didn't say... Don't remember.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor stressed on the need to develop farmers through farmers' markets.
Do you need to apply for a Car Pass or do you have to drive according to these dates without a Car Pass? This is a question that many people don't understand...How do you have a cycle? You don't need a car pass if you don't have a number plate or a car pass.
Adding to this, Samla Donaldson Pyngrope, President of the HYC, said that the HYC has come forward to join hands with the RMEIA because it sees that it is doing a good job for the benefit of the people.
Ltd, Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies expresses its gratitude for this opportunity.
“In order to stop the influx of drugs, we have set up the DREAM Project to do something about this,” he said.
On the same day, Bah Ardent honored Bah Smiling Mylliemngap as the composer of the song and Bah Skhem Myrboh as the singer of the song 'U Prah' which has stirred up the people during the MLA election. they are not yet finished.
In addition, to preserve the crematoria, the stones, the stones, the resting places and other ancestral artifacts.
To date, it has been found that there is a shortage of specially trained doctors in the state, including gynecologists, paediatricians, anesthesiologists and radiologists. children with low birth weight.
The party will celebrate its 10th Anniversary on the 17th of November 2024, and the tournament will start from the 30th of October to the 13th of November.
As Kolkata prepares to host the first GPFI Meeting under the G20 India Presidency, one of the key tasks is to address the issues related to financial inclusion by using technology to achieve the goals of open access, usability and quality of financial services, to transform people’s lives, and boost economic productivity.
According to a statement from Rev Fr Anselm Nonglang, Diocesan Administrator of Nongstoin Diocese, there are some people who claim to be Bishops and have gone to consecrate Lyngdohs in this village.
Speaking at the event, Sir.
How can the sanctity of democracy or even the leading Babu call it a 'honourable house' when the Legislative Assembly has suffered such a humiliation from the beginning,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
He said that for 200 years they have been living in the midst of census because the area where they live has been named the Sweepers Colony.
The RAWE program for the year 2020-21 for B.Sc Agriculture students will be conducted in their respective states.
The Association said that they (Meitei) will not take any responsibility if any incident occurs if they (Meitei) do not listen to the request and if they do not leave for their own safety.
The Seng warns all agents who intend to bring in pyrton in the area to remember that the Seng is ready to fight with anyone if they dare to bring in and use force to bring in them. soldiers within the region.
The office bearers were confirmed and sworn in by Dondee President Cliff Khongsit at a meeting chaired by FKJGP President Damian War at the Community Hall Khliehriat West.
Especially, on the fight against corruption and the persecution of the Khasi by the English.
The lawyers and the complainants have agreed to this and the court has fixed the hearing for the 27th of this month.
Jowai : The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS, has issued a public notice that Section 144 CrPC has been issued recently in the district. and he shall not be able to proclaim the law.
In the second match, Madanthad Thadmuthlong beat Samaro 4-0
“This causes pollution and pollutes the environment by causing global warming,” he said.
It is no longer possible to follow and continue the same routine.
This burden, which they have to bear, includes the provision of food, medicine and the cost of sending these children to school.
The original name of Tamabil is Temabier because it is a handmade pond; This is the name by which the people of War Jaintia in the past used to call it.
Is the Minister of Education so weak that the VC of NEHU can exercise authority over the decision of the state government as stated by the Minister of Education?
Shillong, Jymmang 31: U Eugenson Lyngdoh, a football player from Meghalaya, has expressed his deep sorrow to hear the words of the Prime Minister Narandra Modi. football players from this state have contributed to India.
Other sources said that the fire broke out inside the market and the incident occurred at night.
This will provide an opportunity to share findings and best practices and also to develop climate change adaptation measures in the coming years.
The ABVP is strictly a student organization.
They must explain where they get this money, their activities and proof that it is earned in rural areas.
Shillong, July 17: The Election Commission of India (EC) has rejected the recognition of the National People's Party (NPP) for failing to submit its results. The party leader Conrad Sangma said the party will submit the count on Friday.
As I have mentioned above, all these things are temporary.
The Sub-Centres, PHCs and CHCs should be improved and maintained so that they can serve better.
Let us keep in mind to implement projects that benefit the people and not the previous government.
The union also suspected that the land ownership in the country may be lost because the government has passed laws on the activities of the Khasi and Jaintia.
The body of Binora Dohtdong, a resident of Lawpyllun, Ri-Bhoi District, was found on the 22nd of June.
Shillong Public School out of 28 posts has been vacant since 2021 and 2022 and the post of Vice Principal has been vacant since 2011. Sohra Govt Hr.SS, Sohra out of 7 posts has been vacant. Tirot Singh SS, Laitkynsew out of 9 vacancies, 2 have been vacant since 2019 and 20220 while there is no Vice Principal.
Meanwhile, in a speech on Tuesday night, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel was at war.
“Your speech and statement has disgraced the party and discouraged us in our struggle to strengthen the party.
Various political parties have called a public meeting on 27th June at Chandmari Square to express their opposition to the death of Marak and demand a thorough investigation. to find out the facts.
Others will also be introduced as food outlets where traditional foods will be available at the price of T 5 tyngka per plate , and T1000 financial assistance to unemployed youth get a job for a year so that they can support themselves.
A roster as you know is an arrangement based on a schedule that you create.
China has closed all gyms and gyms in Beijing after seeing a resurgence of the coronavirus in the city.
The DC said that they want all the benefits that Tura College gets and Kiang Nangbah College to get without any discrimination.
However, until now, they have not done anything, so for the second time, the party in collaboration with the village headmen, the people of the area and other political parties, have not refused to meet with the head. They also submitted a petition to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to look into the matter.
In this New Jerusalem there is a river of water of life, clear as crystal, on both sides of the river is the tree of life, bearing twelve kinds of fruit every month. to heal the nations.
And it is here that our faith is tested.
Explaining about the 'Mynraiñ' disease, Dr A.Lyngdoh, said that the disease is not good if it is treated, because this type of disease has a close relationship and can also turn into 'Mynraiñ' disease. HIV (HIV), therefore, requires people, especially their partners, to take care to go to health centres, to check whether they have HIV or not and if so, to be treated until by health.
Most of the leading office bearers of the UDP have nominated themselves as candidates in the first list except Bah Bindo M Lanong who is one of the founders of the party and who has applied for the ticket to contest. The UDP has decided to remove the ticket of Bah Bindo from Nongkrem but due to the intention of the incumbent MLA of Nongkrem Bah Lambor Malngiang to join the UDP and to apply for ticket. to Mr. Lambor.
He came from a poor family and was the son of a magician who lived in the western parts of India. He went through difficult paths in his life in which he received many awards. including the Padma Bhushan and the Bharat Ratna Award, and in 2002 he became the 11th President of India.
The High Power Committee (HPC) has decided to appoint a team to investigate the collapse of the dome and to audit the safety of the construction of the new Legislative Assembly in Mawdiangdiang. .
Speaking to media after the opening of the dorbar, the leaders of the JAC Hima Sohiong and various villages said that the main complaint was against the auction of the Shnat Hima by the Lyngdoh Sohiong. Nongwah Mawtamur, violation of customs and traditions in Dira village, lack of attention to the implementation of the Raid Shylla and others.
On the lack of water and other areas, the Minister found that the work is progressing and expects the work to go smoothly.
The man has been in isolation since his return and is currently undergoing treatment at Resubelpara, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said in a tweet.
Shillong, March 13 : The MLA of East Shillong Constituency, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, has praised the MDA government for taking the decision to listen to the voice of the people by repealing the Meghalaya Regulation of Gambling Act (MRGA) .
The H3N2 virus has hit India hard, where people have suffered from respiratory problems.
J&K set a target of 111 runs for Meghalaya for the loss of nine wickets in 43.1 overs.
Hajong (Zikzak), Malcolm M.Sangma (Rochonpara), Septerwin R.Sangma (Batabari), Monirul Islam of Balachanda constituency, Joyson R.Marak (Raksamgre), Dhormonath Sangma (Naguapara), Thomson N.Marak (Rongrong), Jogonsing D.Sangma (Bolsong), Smith Momin (Kharkutta), Lahitson M.Sangma (Samandagre), Builthon N.Sangma (Darugiri), Jinggie D Shira of Damascus, Sader Hussain of Shyamnagar constituency and Sengbath Marak (Williamnagar).
The Rangbah Shnong denied the MDC's claim that these teachers are not qualified to teach at the school, but said it was a ploy to recruit foreigners in their place.
The next hearing of the case will be held on 29th November.
The union, without naming anyone, has strongly condemned those teachers who sub contract to others to teach in their place.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Responding to the call of the HSPDP to all opposition political parties to form a committee to consider the issue of Rangbah Shnong, the UDP has sent a letter to the Convenor of the Conference of Political Parties, and in the letter signed by the President Rangbah of the party Dr. Donkupar Roy in which he said that on 3rd July, The UDP has convened a meeting of all the Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi and Jaintia Hills, civil society and political parties at a meeting held at the Community Hall Jaiaw Shyiap, Lum Pyllon.
The award will include cash prize, trophy and will be awarded in five categories.
Therefore, the units used during these periods have to be divided into two months and the bills are calculated according to the monthly tariff, said MeCEL through the Public Relation Officer.
Before the ksing, a speech was delivered by the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi, Rgh Arwan S.Tariang, who welcomed all the members of the Seng Khasi who came to witness the ceremony including the President. Rgh Bantei S. Rumnong, Chairman and Secretary of the Cultural Committee, Rgh PD Nongrum, Rgh Rangpher Rynjah, President of the Women's Wing and others.
Aizawl: Mizoram Chief Minister Lalduhoma on Friday said his government strongly opposes the proposal to erect signs on the India-Myanmar border.
The owners of the house have lodged an FIR at the Jowai Police Station today to take necessary action and punish those involved.
Shillong: The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has warned that heavy rainfall is expected in the state on the 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th and 17th of this month.
“Prof. Mahanta added, “Until now, we have not paid much attention to the minorities because we have been more interested in the information we have received from the West.
“Father, you are too late, the people who came here have asked you questions.
However, he admits that it will be difficult for him to rescue himself this time.
The office was inaugurated by Brightstar Chyrmang, Executive Member of JHADC, who was the chief guest.
Four MDC candidates including the MLA of Mawshynrut have filed their nomination papers for West Khasi Hills.
Israel will now sign peace treaties with the countries of the world, especially the Arab Middle East.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Police in West Garo Hills District on Friday lodged another complaint after they found that a young man who lives at the farm house of a BJP leader, u Bernard Marak was arrested.
I respect everyone and I respect everyone,” he said.
JOWAI : The President of the JSU, Lawyer Son War, on Tuesday said that the JSU is deeply saddened by the complaints received from the residents of Mynso West Jaintia Hills District. and expressed their difficulties in getting medicine from PHC Mynso.
Many parts of the road in Mynkre, Lumshnong, Tongseng, Sonapydi and Ratacherra villages have been badly damaged and have endangered the lives of people and vehicles. let's go.
McKeown also won gold medals in the 100 and 200 backstroke at the Tokyo Olympics.
He said that this government was led by the vision of his father, the late (L) Purno Agitok Sangma who had a vision for various regions. “Jengjal is located in the middle of Garo Hills and because of the location of the land, (L) PA Sangma wanted to make it one of the centers for the Garo Hills. many implementation issues.
Why do those Karbi have nothing to do with the trees? If the land is clean, they too will benefit.
Nongpoh: Youths from 18 border villages under the Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District, Block-2, which is also one of the border areas where there is a lot of violence from time to time, have been arrested. They have formed a group known as the 'Seng Samla Raid Nongtung Border Area' to look after the welfare of these border villages.
Then the Number 7 in Israel represents the Fullness – On the seventh day God finished all His work, so He rested (Gen.2:2).
Albert Lyngdoh scored the third goal for Nangbah Mulang in the 77th minute.
And Abraham rose early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son. long is the longest.
On these issues, he said that the AITC has now taken the responsibility that if it wins and comes to power, it will look into these issues of the people of Mawshynrut.
Firstborson Dkhar scored 43 runs and was named man of the match.
Members must have reached the age of 25 years and above who are full citizens and must be citizens and must not have been convicted for more than 6 months.
“The Shillong Cantonment Board Building Act is in force and the High Court has explained why the District Council Act under the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act, 1973 is not in force,” he said. The High Court has ruled that the SCB's petition against the State Government has quashed the Government's notice dated 23rd July, 2016 and enacted the Cantonment Act,
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a written complaint to the District Grievance Redressal. Officer& Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang.
Shillong, Lber, 24: The Meghalaya Board of Schools on Friday sent a message of congratulations to the students who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations which started today. Education (MBoSE).
“If the people continue to be persecuted, I will be the second to join the HNLC,” said the former KSU leader from Pynursla.
These soap boxes were placed in specially designed places inside the seat of the SUV. Investigation revealed that the drugs came from Manipur via Mizoram.
Many of the vehicles have taken advantage of the price of government vehicles , which used to charge 30 tyngka per day from Motphran to Mawpat , but today they have increased the price to 50 tyngka to look at this opportunity.
On the last day of Behdeiñkhlam which is Muchai (17th November) at 5 pm, Chutia will have to perform the Niam Kñia beh khlam.
He was speaking at a meeting of NPP Mawphlang office bearers held at Mawngap to prepare for the upcoming MLA elections on the 27th of this month.
Speeches were also delivered by the President of Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang, Dr. Pradeep Halde of JSI, Netta L Syiem, IECBCC Consultant NHM Meghalaya and others.
The second place went to BK Bajoria School and the third place went to H Elias School.
“We will have to stop the film from entering our state if the government does not give a proper answer within 10 months,” said Simi Simi Khongthiang, one of the leading producers. from Ri Lum Jaintia in a speech to the media.
Other sources, received by Rupang, said that others were injured on the road from Pyrdiwah to Lyngkhat and a BSF camp in Lyngkhat was destroyed. , was burned down, yesterday evening.
In the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens.
“However, we have not met and the petition has been handed over to the Principal Secretary in charge of the Governor's Secretariat, MS Rao,” she said.
According to her, there are thousands of trucks of indigenous people who have been unemployed since the ban on coal mining in the state and their only way is to carry coal but also on this road. They are facing problems due to the willingness of the dewbilat companies to sell at their own price without respecting the price set by the government which is T.12 per tonne.
The question now is whether the three District Councils of Meghalaya have taken note of the Forest Conservation Amendment Act, 2023 and whether they have passed their resolutions. sha to the Central Government? If they don't do anything on this issue, the state will be in danger and perhaps the District Councils themselves will lose their powers.
Shillong: Congress MLA Saleng A Sangma on Tuesday said that the Supreme Court's decision to suspend Rahul Gandhi's MP statement has brought a day of despair and this will witness that India will stand against the politics of violence.
How do I do it? How can I think and where can I turn?” Hiram concluded. “Hey Ri, don't put it down,” he said. “What else, Hiram, I feel it's enough now.
Boney had earlier announced that he is the MP candidate of KHNAM for the Lok Sabha elections next year.
The KSU also requests the students to send their names, course contents, registration number and departments so that the KSU can send more detailed information to the KSU. Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 07: The implementation of the Mahatma National Rural Employment Grant Scheme (100 Days Scheme) by the Central Government has benefited the people of NEHU. Not only in the urban areas but also in the rural areas.
Those who wish to participate are requested to send their names to the General Secretary of TSA, Ma SS Langi and General Secretary of Khliehtyrshi SCSC Rimi Ryngkhlem on the 26th of July along with an entry fee of T.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister's Office, the students who passed the teacher examination but were dismissed, said that the state government has conducted the State Eligibility Test (SET) in 2006 for the posts of Asst Teacher in Government LP Schools in the State, and the resolution was announced in 2008 and the recruitment was held in
This can lead to an increase in health problems, including oral diseases and other diseases related to eating alcohol.
The MLA, while handing over the keys to Bah BI Nongsiej, also handed over 10,000 tyngka as petrol fee for the vehicle.
There was a shootout which lasted for several minutes but the GNLA members fled into the forest.
The soldiers of Umroi Cantonment, after allocating land for the construction of Umroi Airport, have requested the government to replace the land which they have already allocated to the Umroi Airport. The government has decided to expand the Umroi Airport, but their plan to take the land has been strongly opposed by the residents of three villages in Nongsder.
She said that there are about 60 shopkeepers on Motphran Bridge and they have been shopkeepers for decades.
After the division of the Hima Shyllong, this kur was appointed as a minister in the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (GHADC) today met to discuss the upcoming elections in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
The chargesheet was filed by a resident named Nilberth Ch Sangma against Ismail Marak and others in
Earlier, after HDR's remarks, the CEM of KHADC, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, had replied that the Minister had spoken only in words. cite legal provisions that say so.
“There are those who are becoming more religious, there are those who are becoming stronger in their faith, but they cannot tell the truth, that they have learned, those who ask questions perhaps even to God.
The meeting was held on the demand of the Congress MDCs to remove Thombor Shiwat from the post of CEM and replace him with Arbor Hima Darnei MDC Sutnga-Saipung. At the time of writing of this news, no decision has been taken on the meeting between the MDC Congress and MPCC leaders. Thombor MDCs of the party have been asked to discuss the issue but it has not reached anywhere as Thombor is still receiving the majority of the votes from many of the MDCs of the party. Thombor has been accused of joining the Congress party.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Nangkiew Irat FC on Saturday in the U-18 Shillong Premier League
In simple terms, it means that our Khasi and Jaintia Hills has been sold to a company in which the distribution of electricity and collection of electricity bills will be taken over by the company. part of 25 years.
In Mawkynrew C&RD Block, out of 41,775 residents, 3447 residents have registered with Aadhaar or 8.25%.
We have a group of teachers, a community, we have a group of parents.
Similarly, the division of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council from the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has caused the people in general to discriminate against the people.
Therefore, we must strengthen our faith and determination and together with God we must fight strongly and prevent all crime and violence.
On one occasion this army officer had the opportunity to meet a great Christian thinker.
“The Khasi Social Custom Lineage Act only explains to create a Khasi Tribe but to unite and improve the working methods of the Kurs and the recognition of the Kurs will be through the Clan Bill,” he said.
In this regard, the union strongly warns against those who protect the foreigners and provide them with accommodation in their homes.
Rajasthan has emerged as one of the states with the highest number of rape cases.
He said the BJP rejects Muslims from Bangladesh but welcomes Hindus from Bangladesh to become citizens of India.
The ksing and besli were played according to the traditional songs of the area.
We strongly condemn this allegation by the Dorbar Shnong and this person as well.
The bill, according to information, has been in force for about 15 or 20 years in the factories in Umiam and Byrnihat.
He has traveled to different parts of the state and India to showcase his talent as a musician and instrument maker and as a promoter of traditional music and dance of the Khasi.
Jowai, Jymmang 1: U Minister of State for Electricity, Sniawbhalang Dhar on Saturday inaugurated the roads constructed in San Shnong area at a cost of Rs 1 crore for 9 km. counting.
The leaders of the various units should not rely solely on one or two leaders but should have people in charge of each unit so that development works do not reach only the families of the office bearers. units.
It is said that this method of making khiew started hundreds of years ago in Larnai Village and has been handed down to the villagers through our ancestors.
She said that the reason for this is because last month the heavy rainfall has caused the rivers to rise in water levels and deliver to their farmland and the influx of water into the farmland has caused the water to cover the crops and some of the crops have been washed away by the flood water.
Pariat said the cooperative sector is another source of employment and he wants to change the sector in agriculture and livestock.
The EC has also directed that the names of the approved District Branches should be submitted to the Secretary of the Committee on or before the 31st of this month. number 9856489383/9612432028.
He was addressing a group of 13 journalists from Maharashtra who met him at the NEC office. Bureau under the scheme funded by the Central Government known as the Development Communication and Information Dissemination.
Besides Dr Mukul Sangma, MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Congress MP Gaurav Gogoi from Assam, Jury Sharma Bordoloi, Secretary of the Congress party from Assam were also present. Assam Pradesh Congress Committee, Congress leaders and thousands of Congress supporters.
Also present in the interview were members of the Miss Meghalaya Organization, including Bah Brian Wallang, a fashion designer and Rochelle Wahlang, founder of the Miss Meghalaya Organization. She has won many beauty pageant awards and titles in the past, including the title of Miss Meghalaya.
The Supreme Court has rejected the NGT's demand that coal should fall under the jurisdiction of the government.
Some of the journalists who received information earlier wrote 'RIP bah Lam'
Nicodemus was as eager to hear these words of Jesus as the church leaders were to hear if someone said to them, "Repent.
Under the PRASAD scheme, the Tourism Department of the Union Government has sanctioned eight projects worth T.256.45 crore for the development of identified pilgrimage sites in the North Eastern States.
On the other hand, Bah Justine Dkhar urged the people who attended the meeting to start working hard to bring about the victory of the UDP in Khliehriat Constituency. Support is also needed to work hard to reach the goal of victory.
Bah Lyngdoh said that this time there will be an e-ticket to reach other parts of the world.
As it appeared in the media, on the 1st March 2020, the residents of Lapangap village, gathered to stop the construction.
Despite the challenges caused by the pandemic, the work started in July 2019 and has progressed rapidly.
“Furthermore, the Congress leader admitted that the party should have won 20-22 MLAs in the last elections if Dr. Mukul Sangma had not joined the party. “In fact, I agree with you because now you see that if we combine the votes of the TMC and the Congress, we are sure that we will get at least 20-22 votes but what I believe is that every dog ​​has its day.
He also directed the government to set up a State Commission of Safai Karamcharis and that the metor drivers should also have members to come forward to discuss many of their issues.
In Nagaland, the NDPP won 31 seats while the NPF won 24 seats.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said that the dispute between the Meghalaya government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), which represents the residents of Mawlong Market, has been pending for a long time. beyond.
According to Pastor Jyrwa, this has caught the attention of church leaders and theologians.
Greetings to all my friends.
The garbage dump was inaugurated and handed over to the village leaders by Samla James H. Mawphniang, Assistant General Secretary KSU CEC who was the chief guest.
He said the party has completed its election campaign in all 36 constituencies in Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia.
PDF President Ibanlumlang Marbaniang said the PDF has elected Pynshngain as its prime ministerial candidate for the upcoming elections if the party comes to power.
“If we get the money we want to lead these cow farmers every year but it is difficult because the state government does not have the money and what we have been able to lead this year is because the government has supported us. middle", he said.
Dr. Mukul also denied that he will stand from Tura saying that since 1993 he has decided to serve only in the state and now he will serve in the state and he does not want the party to lose one. Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan in his keynote address on the opening day of the Executive Session of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that peace and order has begun to prevail in the country. state in the last few years.
Through these great blessings, the residents of the village have been encouraged to take care of themselves as cleanly as possible, because they own their land, their fields, their land. household and especially the income generation.
During the inspection, government officials led by the local MLA, Lahkmen Rymbui, learned that he and AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, have directed the DC and SDO to provide the The report, which will be completed within 40 days, to know whether there will be any traffic through this road through this hospital and the MLA said that the public should not be affected in receiving treatment from the hospital. In this regard, many of the residents have informed the union that they have been disappointed because they have been affected by the treatment they receive from this nearby health centre. Therefore, we as an organization working for the welfare of the people, stand on the basis that the provision of health care to the people should not stop at all and should not be far from where it is now.
The KSU and FKJGP have also criticized the health department for leaving the patients at home after testing positive for COVID-19 without any assistance or assistance. If they are poor, they find it difficult to provide food and drink.
Randeep Hooda arrived in Imphal on Monday, 27th, where he was welcomed by Lin Laishram at the Imphal International Airport.
On behalf of the Hynniewtrep Youth Movement Sohra Circle, we strongly oppose this proposal of his, and we are surprised how he announced this without consulting with the village headmen of Sohra.
On July 18, the Butcher Association of Meghalaya (BAT) came forward to demand that the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary should explain to the public about the nature of the disease so that the public can be aware of it. to eat the flesh of beef in the state.
He said that as of now, the taxi drivers will continue to carry passengers, as they used to drive every day, 4+1, and if the taxis are still stopped, he said that he will hold a meeting. Taxi drivers.
The Mawsynram MLA, who has been suspended from the Congress party and is also the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC, said that in the past few days, there has been a rumor in the news that the Chairman of the meeting is the Chairman. “Since when did the Chairman of the Mawsynram Block Congress, become the Chairman of the MHIS, the Adviser of the Mawsynram Block Congress, since when did he become the Adviser of the MHIS? Darwin Lyngdoh is the Vice President of the Lawbah Congress Committee,” he said.
Reming, who resigned from the NPP, was also welcomed by Vice President Allan Dkhar, President Women's Wing, Pretty Kharpyngrope, O Suin, Vice President East Khasi Hills and Ryngkat Lyndem. MDC and President Youth Wing East Khasi Hills and others at the meeting held at Maw-u-Sam under Smit.
Only two bowlers were used by TDCA in the second innings, Manthan Gupta (6/5) and Kein Hagio R Marak (4/35).
“As the days go by, the number of foreigners and suspected authorities has increased especially in these central hills of our country. Your children are these other nations.
The Deputy Commissioner said that from June to June 2023, the District authorities have dismantled the cooking areas and pipes connecting to the toilets of these illegal factories to ensure that they can no longer operate.
Finelyness Bareh made this request at a meeting of leaders and office bearers of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from five constituencies in West Jaintia Hills District for the MP election. Lok Sabha and Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
Libraries, teachers and course syllabus remain unattended.
Then he counted his good deeds by saying, "I fast twice a week, I give tithes of all that I possess.
The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur, Waheh Shnong, Ma Deolangki Dkhar, said that the village council would like to thank the villagers of Mawsynram and the people for their willingness to provide assistance, which has saved the life of another person. of key fiber accidents.
“Regarding the introduction of new vacancies, the government will not proceed with this until we have consulted with the stakeholders.
He said that the PWD & PMC have been directed to oversee the construction of the second phase.
He said that some people have asked the HYC why they support the Garo when they leave for Assam and this is sad.
For the first three and a half years, the Israelites sounded the trumpets in the Temple along with animal sacrifices.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the government has already awarded the contract for the construction of the road from Umshing to Mawroh and the government will ensure that the work will start. He urged the MLA and MDC to work together for the smooth running of the construction of this road.
Ph.9615228204 / 9615971715.
Gradually, the world's politicians began to take over the business! They struggled there, with strength and money until they were drunk.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has continued to turn off the electricity supply for many hours a day especially in the evening.
The arrested person has been brought to Shillong for questioning for three days.
Julius Dorphang was arrested from the Inter-State Bus Terminal (ISBT) in Guwahati after 11 days of absconding from the law.
“I don't need to tell you that I have done this or that, let the people see for themselves what I have done, I leave it to the wisdom of the people, if they still like me, let them choose. “If they don't qualify, it's up to them,” said Prestone while talking to reporters after filing his nomination papers on Saturday. for the Pynursla constituency.
“There are many challenges, there are concerns from different groups and so we want to consult with all the groups and of course no one has said to leave it alone but the issue here is “Because it is the first project that has not been completed, we will have to take other steps and at the same time We will continue to discuss and find a common ground on how we can move forward with the project as the railway line is suitable for the State and can be implemented in phases. all opportunities are available".
"All the knowledge discovered by Indian scientists since the first century has been translated into other languages ​​of the country such as Arabic and European.
The Chief Secretary has appointed new posts to several Ministers of the State Government.
Suddenly, I stand up, and I'm all right.
Meanwhile, Patricia Mukhim, Editor of the Shillong Times, congratulated all those who have graduated and at the same time encouraged those who have not graduated. many reasons.
The vehicles belonged to a contractor working on the Purada-Yerkad road of the National Highway 136 near Dadapur.
He said that the meeting of the indigenous parties in the NDA in the past has been only once under the umbrella of the Northeast Democratic Alliance (NEDA).
The incident occurred at 1:30 pm, when Blah was released by the police in Vashi and released after talking to him.
This month, another shocking news is the beginning of the war between the BJP Chief Minister in Meghalaya (Bah Earnest Mawrie) and the Chief Minister of the NPP (Shri Conrad Sangma).
He also congratulated the District Administration, Health Department and Police Department for working hard since yesterday to provide this place so that the state can be safe.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31: The residents of Umdihar, Ri Bhoi District, this morning at 5 pm, have arrested a suspected robber. Bah David Lyngdoh Marshilong, known as 'Bah Jyllud', has been arrested by the residents of Umdihar village. The victims were handed over to the Nongpoh Police Station.
“Before the government opens the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, all government offices in the area should write their addresses and signboards in the word Mawshynrut. “If you don't see the word 'Sonapahar' on the signboards of various government departments, you will take the necessary action,” said Bah Sohshang.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong or from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mairang during office hours. and the closing date for submission of completed application forms is 31st June 2023.
On Saturday morning, there was a story about the pubon crematorium at Mawmluh which is also a famous crematorium because it is from the minerals inside the crematorium that the age of our earth is known which is up to 500 lakh years old.
“People have their own opinions and A, B or C can speak anything because there is freedom of speech but if you challenge it, it can lead to unhappiness,” he said. he said while talking to the media on Friday.
“Another important thing is that if you slaughter one cow or more, there should be four or five slaughterers, because one slaughters one part and is sent elsewhere to slaughter another and so on. Once harvested, all the machinery and people have to be operated,” he added.
“It's Mei's word,” Rangsan agreed.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,29,28,574, of which 8,43,473 are still infected and 1,18,51,393 have recovered.
Varun, who had been undergoing treatment at a hospital in Lucknow since the 18th of this month, died today.
Godfrey Albert Decker, a player of Shillong Lajong, is currently working as a Physical Training Instructor at Risa Higher Secondary School, Nongthymmai, Shillong.
Silseng M Sangma has lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 29, 2023, a Bolero pick-up (ML-08C-4955) collided with another vehicle.
Sylvester Phanbuh, MCS-EAC, West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest in the presence of Khroobok Passah, District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills. EMH Passah, Working President, WJDSA, Patrik Lamare, Vice-President, WJDSA and others.
“The political parties who point fingers at us, say that the NPP is weak, they cannot be during their rule by using guns, by the police, they have attacked against the people, it is from They call themselves strong, but I don't believe it.
Summing up the speeches of all the HSPDP leaders, they decided to work hard to win the 2023 election from Mawhati Constituency for Iva Kharbani.
He said that these houses were destroyed, but fortunately no one was injured.
Bah Jarios urged that any villagers in the area or those who have anything to do with land, land, or those who have anything to do with the sale of land, should contact the village authorities of this village. new village.
It is also said that the disease will not affect humans.
The UFC also confirmed that three finalists, Jeka Saragih of Indonesia, Toshiomi Kazama of Japan and Zhang Mingyang, have signed contracts since the first season.
According to these women who are also members of the SHG, it is said that through this programme, it is to encourage the women to raise these Syiar kha pylleng and the pylleng from these areas will be raised. The ICDS Centers will be given food to the children and the rest will be sold in the market, which is also an example for the women, that they can stand on their own feet.
“36 Muslims who came from abroad have received EPIC and MHIS in my constituency.
This was confirmed by the village leaders while talking to reporters on Saturday after the dorbar in the village.
The NPP leader also promised that Bah Samlin as the new MLA will be able to sit in the Secretariat.
The raid started in the morning and most of the shops that were raided were auto parts shops and auto repair factories.
On Tuesday, 32 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the State to
Larissa Mawroh, State Mission Manager, NLUM explained the rights of street vendors to benefit from the financial support to improve their business and income generation. they.
For more information please call Pyndaplang Muksor-8787782592, W.Phawa-8132891490, F.Muksor-9
Shillong, March 28: Two members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) who were arrested on suspicion of being involved in the burning down of the shop of Vikash Nandwal, Shillong, have been arrested. did this thing.
You can get up to 5 months of seeds per acre.
Henry Manar said, “May this voluntary work of yours continue and may you do better for the good of the society.
`On the part of the company, after approving what the Audit said in April last year, they also tried to revive the company by giving away the land. acres to the private sector at a cost of Rs 80.49 lakh per annum and the joint venture with this company is also under examination by the government.
On the other hand, the Mawhati MLA said that his meeting with the Chief Minister was to discuss the issue of the arrival of these people who live in the area. The Schedule Tribe has not received the Schedule Tribe until today, after they have been demanding since
I wonder if the fish contains formalin, why should it be checked every 5 years, why should it be injected once every three years?
Because Mawshynrut really needs a lot of changes because we are still lagging behind in all aspects, whether it is in the field of health, education and many others,” he said. “What the people of Mawshynrut want is my wish and I will do that,” he said.
Shillong: Police have arrested the owner of Muscle Master Gym on Thana Road, Raju Barua on a complaint filed against him by a young woman, who allegedly raped her on 10th June.
“On the issue of Reservation Policy, my only criticism is that the Motphran area is a protest area from the three constituencies of Mawkhar-Jaiaw, Mawlai and Mawprem. The VPP has won and Mawprem has not won, so they criticize this because they cannot win from this constituency,” he added.
Shillong, November 29: The Meghalaya Pro Boxing Council (MPBC) has won the 10th title of the Meghalaya Pro Boxing Council (MPBC) tournament. Indian Boxing Council will be held in Delhi on November 25,
Through this meeting, it is hoped that the participants will convey the message on the need to take responsibility for the healthy care of their children, whether it is in terms of food and drink and other areas. in their own homes and within their communities.
Now, let us turn to the tree planting.
The closure of shops in Shillong at 10 pm has not only shocked the people, but has also shocked another Minister of the Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism, who He said that this order will have a serious impact on the tourism industry in the state and he said that he does not agree with this action of the District authorities.
Shillong, July 05: Despite the opinion that the VPP, which has pushed for the improvement of the Reservation Policy, will be the most popular party in Garo Hills, some youths have expressed on social media that He said that if there is no VPP in Garo Hills, there will be no corruption.
He said that in 1978, he and (L) Bah Lobendri, father of Irin Lyngdoh, former MLA of Parïong, had gathered the elders of the villages in the area including the Nongkasen, Markasa, Mawroh and others met at Markasa and discussed how to curb these illegal activities, so that the market can run smoothly and the people will not be afraid or ashamed when they come to the market. .
The scheme is in accordance with ISO/IEC 17025, in accordance with the standards approved by NABL. Test Sites Introduced: A new fully equipped test site has been installed for 76 ISSs. Partial Test Facility has been introduced for 118 ISS04 new Referral Assay Laboratories have been opened at WRL, BNBL, PBL and JKBO. Laboratory Information Management System) is an online system designed to manage BIS laboratories and OSL (outside laboratories) recognized by BIS. LIMS also integrates with Manak Online and other BIS systems to enable BIS Branch Offices to send Test Requests to various laboratories and monitor the status of testing of samples, reports. of test, Invoices online.
“Spend 10 hours until the time of voting on the 27th of your 10 hours and your 10 votes for 5 years for Bah Sounder S.Cajee. “This Mawkyrwat Constituency will be a blessing and a change for the entire nation,” he said.
Furthermore, the taxi drivers, expressed their anger because from time to time, this incident happens, but no one comes to see them and said, “We taxi drivers are being harassed from all sides, whether it be on fares or stopping too long to offload passengers".
Larnai Village is known as one of the villages which has produced these types of khiew especially the khiew shet pu-tha-ro and others since ancient times.
He said that if the government authorities can stop the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, there will be no shortage of cows in the market in the state.
In another match, Juventus drew 1-1 with Ajax.
The Congress has Vincent H. Pala, MP of the Lok Sabha, who will be the next Prime Minister if the Congress leads the government.
It took about 40 hours for the fire brigade to extinguish the blaze at Thana Road, Khyndailad, Shillong on Saturday.
“The SP has promised to provide 300 units of electricity and urged the residents to register on their website so that they can benefit if the party comes to power in UP. “It has taken notice of this and has sent an inquiry into this action of the SP,” he said.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Hamletson Dohling President MFA as the Chief Guest, Bah Cliff R Nongrum Vice President, Bah DL Nongbri Jt.
He said that only judo has been played in the Olympic Games among the martial arts.
In another development, the US said Russia has deployed more than 7,000 troops to the Ukrainian border, in response to the Kremlin's withdrawal. The United States and its allies still believe that there is still a serious threat in the region that Russia could invade Ukraine at any time. canoe for.
Regarding the release of scholarship money, he said that if the promise to pay the scholarships is not fulfilled, the party will proceed with other measures and as the party said, it will join the students in their demand.
But we see it doesn't happen.
Besides these office bearers, seven other members of the Executive Committee including Prof. Donkupar Syiem, Prof. Xavier P. Mao, Dr. Pankaj Sarkar, Prof. P. Hangsing, Prof. Prasenjit Biswas and Dr. Dokatchi Ch.
Of these 225 cases, 94 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 22 cases from Armed Forces and 72 cases from civilians. Four cases and one from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to 4,226 and the death toll from COVID-19 to
Shylla said the complaint against the Syiem of Sohra is old since the last Executive Committee (EC) but it has not done anything and today the new EC has suspended him. .
That is why Jesus said, "If you abide in my word, you are truly my disciples.
We don't hear of violence against Christians and minorities when a secular party is in power in Delhi.
Taking part in a motion on the threat of drugs in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma accused the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma of having close ties with him. He also showed pictures on his mobile phone showing Conrad, his wife and Henry Lalremsanga at a special meeting in Delhi.
The speakers on the occasion expressed their satisfaction that the project of providing new uniforms to the Daju in Iewduh has been achieved, which will help to free the people from the fraud which has happened many times in the market. Last day, by the presence of this dress, it was possible to identify to which Daju they sent their goods and if it is lost it is easy to get back.
In the Athletics, India continued to win three silver and one bronze medals on Tuesday.
“Jesus" is a name that angels and saints love to praise.
The size of the pen depends on the location and breed of pigs, but cleanliness is the most important.
In fact, Karnataka opened the scoring through Abhishek in the 4th minute but the skill of Meghalaya's players turned the game around and Karnataka's expectations.
Recently, the SSA Teachers' Union (MSSASA) has continued to demand for the creation of new posts and also for the transfer of 12541 SSA teachers who are already from the State Implementing Society to the State Education. “At present, the government has sought all the means and we are waiting for the approval of the State Education Commission. "The best thing we can do to solve all the problems is not only in terms of SSA teachers but also for adhov teachers," said the Minister.
Two people have died of H3N2 infection in Maharashtra.
“This is because the organization is taking into account the needs of the patients,” said Sharad Mathur.
The NPP office bearers from Mawhati Constituency, said that as a party that wants to work for the welfare of the people in the state and especially to address the problems faced by those living on the border, They said that they don't want to talk too much about this issue, because it is an issue that affects the people and not only in political matters and for personal gain.
The opening ceremony will be attended by two former leaders of the Seng, the Minister of Health, Bah AL Hek as the chief guest and Bah Titos Chyne, MDC as the chief guest.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The IXth Inter School Knock-Out Football Tournament 2023 was held at the Madan Heh Mini Stadium in Mawlai Phudmuri. , Mawlai Circle, which was held on Tuesday.
“Why should we be afraid of the Rangbah Shnong, why should we be afraid of those MLAs and MDCs?
The Ministry of Education has started taking census and all the schools will be repaired this year.
The argument is no longer just billions, but tens and hundreds of billions.
I asked the crowd why they were doing that to that man.
The Jews have gathered in Israel, the time has come for them to get this place of worship but the Israeli government and police do not allow the Muslims to enter the temple lest there be trouble.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Margareth Pathaw, expressed her gratitude to the people for this title and honor which she has received for 25 years, despite many challenges. However, through the encouragement of her husband, children, the people of Umsning and her friends, she has not been discouraged from fighting and it is now. This is the first time that all her dreams and dreams have come true after she has won two medals in the tournament.
This part of God refers to the endtimes which are now.
He said that this is not the first time that the Assamese have attacked the villages in the area, but it has happened from time to time. There are many villages in the area under the Raid Nongtung, who have been harassed every time they receive development schemes from the state government and this has affected the villages in the area under the Raid Nongtung.
Therefore I invite and urge you to be wise in your thinking.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Pa'iem Niandro Syiemïong recalled that Sngap Sing Syiem was the last Khasi Syiem in Nine of the Syiems who ruled the Hima Maharam in the last battle against the French in the Khasi Hills.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall will continue till July 18, 2022 and after that, heavy rainfall will continue till July 20, 2022, the Meteorological Department of India has announced.
Pala's remarks may come after kynsing Lynshiang, one of the most active office bearers in Mawkynrew constituency, whom the party has announced to contest from the party, has announced that he will contest from the party. After a while, he resigned from the Congress party to join the National People's Party (NPP) to become the NPP candidate from Mawkynrew constituency in the 2023 Assembly elections.
And his disciples asked him, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and the end of the world. (End of the age)? Matthew 24:3.
“We are the only force that can fight against the NPP-BJP government which in recent times even the Congress leaders have come to support and this shows that there is a close relationship between the leaders. of the Congress and NPP,” he said.
But my dear brothers and sisters and readers, I would like to tell you that these are not the last days as they say but they are only the signs of the last days and the second coming of the Son of Man.
Furthermore, in accordance with the Employees' Provident Fund Organization, 4th March, 1952, there is an Employees' Provident Fund Organization, and in Shillong, this office is located at the BSNL Complex. (Lady Hydari Park).
Therefore, the Shnong in the Executive Meeting held on the 2nd of this month has expressed its deep sorrow over this act of this person who has disgraced even the Shnong and unanimously decided that this person. The Secretary Shnong Lumshnong, Bah TS Rupai, said that the villagers should leave the area of ​​the village within 10 days.
I have spoken to the Khanapara Police Station and they have said that I should lodge a complaint. When a complaint was lodged, only the name of Phrang was known. The other person, who was charged with the crime, said that the truck drivers knew him well.
“As a politician who has left the Congress, he did not receive the support of the UDP which led him to support a candidate in the MP election in 2014 without following the rules of the party. said.
Isn't it true that the Jaintia people should get their own rights like the Garo people?
“Ka seng has given 1 month to the PWD department to complete the cleaning of the damaged areas and the contractor should work well, so that this road which is the budlum of the development of The Raid Madan Kyrdem will be of great benefit to the people in the future,” he said.
However, the district authorities have sought more information and after collecting information from all those who attended the registration, it was found that there are 80 cases of the disease. First, there will be no infection of up to 95 people from one place.
God has placed the highest authority; Small and great, in the world; Do not rebel against the ruler, Lest God's judgment fall.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government has nothing to do with the KHADC and will not interfere as it is their political matter.
When this happens, during the rainy season or the dry months, the rainwater can flow through these cracks and gradually this leads to sudden landslides.
On the other hand, Mr. Khroo L Pariat, who first brought the seeds from CAU Umiam, Ri-Bhoi District for cultivation in these areas, has been of great benefit to the farmers as well as the improvement of the crops. the pator in the rep you riang.
The building was inaugurated by Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayralborn Syiem as the chief guest, in the presence of Bah VS Nongbet, DSEO Ri Bhoi, Rev. Fr Bernard Pala, Parish. Priest of Nongpoh Parish, Fr Glorious Syiemlieh, Headmistress of St. Paul's Secondary School, teachers, students and others.
The DC also explained to the public about the price of these food items which has been distributed specifically to the people, which is that the rice (Atma Nirbhar Bharat) will be distributed at 5 kilos per person per month. per month and shana (Atma Nirbhar Bharat) will be distributed 1 kilo per household for the months of June and July, according to the names provided by the BDO office. AAY khaw 35 kilos per card at the price of T.3 per kilo, PHH khaw 5 kilos per head at the price of T.3 per person. kilos of Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per card at the price of T.10.82 per kilo.
The Maitri scheme is an idea to move forward with this initiative which has been designed to empower and encourage the construction of Basa houses across the North East of India.
I repeat, there is no uranium mining anywhere in Meghalaya, except for drilling and prospecting.
The Dawki Land Port is a major project of the Government of India, whose primary objective is to promote trade between India and Bangladesh.
We have seen on facebook that there are Khasi who hate their fellow Khasi by using bad words and rudeness.
From Dibrugarh constituency, incumbent MP Rameswar Teli, who is also the Chief Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas, has been rejected.
The day was enriched by a song and dance performance by the children, youth and parents.
The SP said that some tourist vehicles which earn money, charge more than the price when they come to Khyndai Lad.
Through the return of many youths who live outside the state, it is therefore up to the government to think carefully about the ways and means to help these youths to get jobs and poverty. (instead of inviting foreigners), she should have found ways and means for these young people to get jobs, if hotels, restaurants, construction works, road works and others and it is at this time, to stop employment or dealings with foreigners, except for jobs. that bym gets hi nalade.
Through the meeting, Bah Balajied Rani, who is currently the Working President of the UDP Ri Bhoi, was also elected as the Acting President of the UDP Ri Bhoi.
She said that the Sordar Srotting Paliar has also taken away the pension of her parents.
The Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, has issued a statement by Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi as follows:- “We must build a country where there will be unity among our fellow nations, where we are not brothers, where we can proud".
Speaking to reporters , the MDCs of the PDF expressed their surprise that the Chairperson has not resigned even though she has understood that she is no longer the Chairperson you shuki.
“I don't know under which Act they buy, companies buy out right, and when you buy out right you go through the Social Impact Assessment.
Skhentalang SC has qualified for the final of the Pre-League Invitation Football Tournament organized by the Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA).
The order is in accordance with the directive issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, as part of the fight against the spread of COVID-19 (Coronavirus).
Because God will judge Russia with pestilence and bloodshed, and with the friends of Russia, with cold, with fire, and with pestilence.
From the beginning of the meeting, everything went smoothly, but after a few words, after the Minister had finished greeting, there was a power outage which affected the sound system. The organizers of the meeting could not help but temporarily interrupt his speech where he waited to wait for about fifteen minutes and after that the sound system was restored.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District has banned school children from taking part in the protest on the grounds that the Right to Education Act stipulates this.
At this meeting, it was decided to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
Shillong: Due to the rapid increase of Covid 19 in the state, today 16th June 2021, the Hima Mylliem has issued an order that all market dwellers and market visitors in Iewduh should be careful by wearing their masks and following the rules of Covid
Jesus said, “Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee;
This shows that people have become more and more intelligent over time.
He said that the Government of India has made it clear that uranium mining has been suspended not only in Meghalaya but also in Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand and the reason for the suspension is for four reasons. he explained that these reasons were written in the Weekly.
Chennai: Three people have been killed and six others injured during the shooting of Kamal Haasan's Indian 2 when a crane collapsed. to act in a movie, she fell to the ground, at the movie theater.
He also wants to contest from South Tura Constituency where he has been elected and is currently an MLA by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong: There have been 73 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling, has directed the officers to implement the MNREGS scheme. To conduct a one day workshop for BDOs and Junior Officers to explain the various aspects of the implementation of this scheme.
After seeing the motorcycle, the youth tried to ask for help from his friends to steal the motorcycle and it was after reaching the village 15 mer that they found the motorcycle and One of the riders of the bike was arrested by his friends while the other escaped with the help of two people who were driving a Bike Domineer which escaped from the bike. place.
These dhams are the centers for the Ghar Wapsi.
He said that the duty of the soldiers is to put the nation first and themselves later.
In another sense, this valley of broken bones refers to the time when the children of Israel were taken captive to Babylon from 598 to 586 BCE witness also the wickedness of the rulers of Babylon.
The shipiah is a small amount of money, but even though it is small, it has a great meaning for the lawyers of the Supreme Court.
He said that the Executive Member of KHADC in charge of the market has told them to stop this because there is illegal collection of money.
No casualties, injuries or damage were reported during the incident.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Bah Tuberlin Lyngdoh.
The union said that the state government is currently in dire need of funds and therefore, by closing these parking lots, it will allow them to collect money from the trucks, by alleging, that they are vehicles, carrying the most.
“The government is pleased to promote Bah PBO Warjri because he is a hardworking and honest person,” said Bah Nongrum. KHNAM strongly condemns this decision of the government. to pass by Bah PBO Warjri who is also a senior officer.
“In the incident which happened on the 15th, the government has already immediately dismissed the policemen who were arrested, but why doesn't the government dismiss the policemen who were arrested? You are involved in the murder of a person or it is clear that you have a crime.
“We have 1250 old EVMs and we are purchasing 820 new EVMs from ECIL,” said Dkhar.
The tournament was opened by the BDO of Nongstoin C&RD Block, Bah T.Diengngan on 11-08-2022 and was closed by the SP of WKH, Bah HG Lyngdoh. to distribute the prizes to the winners in the presence of the office bearers of WKHDBA and others.
