He said that this will be a discussion on the illegal entry of foreigners, who have come to live in the villages, which may be a threat in the future.
Our State President, Bah Ernest Mawrie and MLA Bah Alexander Hek are from the Catholic Church and I am from the Traditional Religion which leads the Khasi Seng and the Seiñ Raij.
The engines of the vehicle are 1.2 I Kappa petrol engine with 5-speed Manual Transmission F 5 MT, Smart Auto AMT Automated Manual Transmission and 1.2 I Bi-Fuel Kappa petrol.
The Hynniewtrep people have been forced to join India and that is why many problems will arise.
The program was attended by transport departments from Kolkata, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Jharkhand and other government departments.
>An electrical signal shall not be connected more than once between two electrical conductors.
Replying to a question by Congress MLC Saleem Ahmed in the Legislative Council, the Minister said that the compensation for acid attack victims has been increased from T.3 lakh to T. foot.
The time has come for those who want to see this state move forward; To improve in all areas and to get good long lasting roads we should form an organization to stand against those organizations who demand money from those who build roads and various projects. in this state.
KHLIEHRIAT: From the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, various villages like Byndihati, Dkhiah, Ratacherra and other villages have celebrated the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi with a cleanliness drive. .
Baroda scored 39/2 in 6.1 overs while S Jaba scored 1/1
Furthermore, the DC of WJH has directed all the Rangbah Shnongs in the border areas with Assam to ban the residents who go to buy food from Assam.
Regarding the allegation that Dr.R.Rapsang was dismissed for asking for six months leave during the maternity leave of Pastor Phawa, he said that the doctor was employed by Pastor Phawa. He said that the Office Administration has yet to look into the rules of maternity leave for female doctors at Robert Hospital whether they are full time doctors or part time doctors. contract and the agreement between the doctor and the hospital has yet to be looked into.
On the other hand, the leaders of these students' unions also demanded that the state government should take strong measures to repatriate all the foreigners who came to study abroad. illegally residing within the border of Manipur.
“They are the only ones who have been opposing from the beginning since he was the Acting Syiem of Pa'iem, they will continue to oppose until they die,” he said.
He must understand that in that vote lies his power and authority which is his right of way and which is entrusted to him to exercise it properly.
After this, the villagers recovered the body of Phukan and immediately informed the police.
Out of the 1,631 cases, 1,046 cases including 32 Armed Forces personnel and 1,014 civilians have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. There are 3 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 158 cases including 9 Armed Forces and 149 civilians. There are 178 cases including 16 Armed Forces and 162 civilians. There are 5 cases in South West Garo Hills, 31 cases in South Garo Hills, 51 cases in East Garo Hills and 162 cases in North. There are 20 cases in Garo Hills district.
Shillong, July 18: The Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, in charge of Transportation, on Tuesday said that there are many vehicles, both commercial and non-commercial, which are running without paying tax at all. a great loss to the revenue of the State.
Thank you for informing us that you are not respected by the former leaders. Please let us know if you don't have anyone else and if you have any questions about the Seng, please let us know.
During the rainy season, the spread of garbage causes pollution which affects the health of the people and during the rainy season or during the rainy season in parts of the road causes flooding due to They said that the drains have been filled with garbage and it has caused flooding to the road which has also damaged the public road.
Shillong, November 16: On the 15th of November at 10:45 pm, a man named Fernando Nongrum, 25, has robbed his wife at their residence in Lumdiengmet, Umpling and He threatened to burn himself and threw alcohol all over his body, but later when the argument subsided, he forgot that he had thrown alcohol on himself and was ready to drink cigarettes. He suddenly caught fire and burnt about 80 percent of his body and later died at Nazareth Hospital at 9 pm on the 16th of November.
Up to 80 Kickboxing players, 10 members of the Technical Official, 50 members of the management, volunteers and 40 parents have attended the event. final of this championship.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 204 cases.
The rate for an hour is 20 cents.
Mrs.B.Lyngdoh, Librarian and Resource Person, said that the library has been set up for the students to get the necessary books which have tens of thousands of books. e-resources purchased by the College and Open Educational Resources available online.
There were 755 voters over the age of 18 years, out of the 755 votes cast, only 527 votes were cast and 18 votes were rejected.
Amberlight Masharing, Working President of the RBSU, said that the RBSU cannot refuse to speak out on the issues of the people, as the RBSU has found that many places within the NH-6, have started to deteriorate and especially especially in those places where earthquakes have occurred, which have caused a lot of trouble and disturbance to the travellers.
It is true that love also makes us able to travel across the sea, that is why the Dkhars from across the sea don't hesitate to travel to this country because they love it.
Governor Chauhan said that it is something that will be remembered forever because the statue of Tirot Singh has been erected in Bhaka, Bangladesh on 16th June,
As the second half progressed, India continued to take control of the game in the second half and scored another PC, but Rohit's wicket was lost. Araijeet Singh Hundal scored the first goal in the 19th minute.
Even the coaches of the medal winners will receive a cash prize from the ministry.
Through this, many members of the group took the initiative to reject bloodshed.
India assumed the G20 presidency in November 2022, at a time when the world is in the throes of climate change, pandemic-related suffering, and amid bilateral tensions, tensions between countries and the struggle for power.
The body of Jonali Nath, leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and secretary of the BJP Goalpara district committee, was found near the Goalpara district committee. NH-17 at Shalpara village, Krishnai.
The Cabinet has already approved two shakas which operate without paying taxes to the Government to operate by paying license and permit fees to the Government, and these two shakas will fall under the provisions of the “Meghalaya Taxi Aggregator Operation Rules, 2020.
The tournament will be held in Kerala and Trivandrum from 26 to 29 March
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the deadline for linking the ration card with the Adhaar card should have been November 2020, but due to the lack of The registration of residents in the state is still pending and the Ministry has been informed of this.
These houses have a strong foundation.
Kumar served as DGP of Himachal Pradesh from April 2006 to November
Furthermore, it has implemented technology to make it easier and safer for its drivers to transport goods around without any hassle.
The foundation stone of GSWSS Phase-III was laid by the President Pratibha Patil on 22nd March,
Narendra Modi has attracted the attention of the people by coincidentally holding a meeting today at the football ground during the World Cup.
The village has received MNREGS or 100 days scheme from Nongstoin Block to build roads, footpaths, fish pond, tongum pond, laundry pond, water supply pond. For some poor households, it has also received a Protection Wall from the Soil Office, construction of fertilizer, terracing, Koroiler chicken farming scheme, Si pham from AH&Vety, Plastic house and Check Dam from the Horticulture Office, a farmhouse, jhur seeds from the Agriculture and Horticulture Office, irrigation canals.
The aim of NADI 2016 is to celebrate the spirit of connectivity between the North East and neighboring countries through the 600 rivers that flow between these countries, said Sabya Dutta of NADI Speaking to reporters, the Asian Conference Center said:
Riangtem said that there are teachers who intend to take their own lives and he said that there are teachers who have destroyed their bodies or lives to spend time or He said that before he came to sit on the throne, he had a personal decision that if it has not been achieved, after he has handed over the documents. They said that three pawa of his life had been lost and only one pawa remained and if he had to die at the secretariat, it wouldn't matter.
The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma has recently said that the party will contest the Lok Sabha elections from Tura and Shillong parliamentary constituencies.
They urged the residents of Nongpoh and other districts of the state to visit the shop and find out the facts. and also to buy and eat the Dohkha sold in the shop.
The cause of the incident was reported when the driver of the vehicle lost control of the vehicle.
He also praised the government for doing a lot of work to improve the roads in Mawkyrwat and hoped that after 10 or 2.5 years, the roads in Mawkyrwat will be improved.
“Many offers have come to me to contest from other parties but I want to make it clear that the 17th will also be the last day to discuss the issues within KHNAM,” he said. .
To those who said, “I don't know”, Tangmar struck them with a sword.
So the people have given you trust, you should not forget," she said.
Although these children of the daughters of breed “A” are of different races, they are shi bakha because their mothers are sisters and cannot marry.
Rumors have spread around the area that the BJP leaders have put forward the newly elected member and Mawsynram candidate Bah Himalaya Shangpliang as the Prime Minister if he comes to power.
Sangma, Secretary, UDP Garo Hills.
Gotmare said the government does not know the reason why the university has closed down because the university has done all the running.
“Do what is right, you don't have to do good”, said Bah Bring.
He said that if the government wanted to stop the smuggling, it could have sent police to patrol that cows without ears should not pass but it has not done so.
Regarding the meeting with the DC, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that the union is concerned to see the slow movement of heavy vehicles and those who have used the bridge, where some trucks have overloaded the bridge. tonnes of vehicles carrying food, Mawshun, Dewbilat, Tieng and coal pass through the bridge, as the passage of these Kitkhia vehicles can cause damage to the bridge.
Shillong: Three gold, two silver and three bronze medals have been won by the kickboxers of Meghalaya at the Indian Kickboxing Federation Cup 2017-18 to be held in Talkatora. Indoor Stadium New Delhi.
We will need to provide more assistance to the Associations for the development of various programs and also for the preparation of the groups so that they can receive adequate training and training.
"(These sections of the Aadhaar Act have been repealed by the Supreme Court so that you may be aware and vigilant against being misled)5
The District Magistrate, Garod LSN Dykes on Monday issued a Micro Containment Order for Lumpdang Village, Mowtyrshiah A. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to complete contact tracing to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the village and district.
“We are ready to cooperate with any organization that works for the welfare of the village and the community and if there are any issues or issues within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong please inform us. The Dorbar Shnong will cooperate with us,” said the Waheh Shnong.
The first is the feeling of anger, because after a woman and a man have lived together and have children, the parents of the man have become the mothers so to rise up against the parents they don't feel sorry. long at all.
However, Alia's father, Mukesh Bhatt, denied the reports, saying, “This is a lie.
Mebahskhem Blah (30') and Marlangki Suting (72') scored the second goal for Demthring.
In South West Garo Hills, there is one high risk case and in West Jaintia Hills, there is one ILI case.
Those who have not received a letter will also assume that this is a communication for them.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) led by Bah Ernest Mawrie as State President of the party, said that he has not yet received the report as the party is still waiting and has not received enough information. .
This question is directly to the present Government,” he said.
He said that to have a healthy body to avoid any diseases, it is necessary to follow the rules according to this age of technology.
He said that during the inspection, the union found that most of the employees of the company are non-Khasis and the number of employees employed by the company has exceeded 100 employees.
To say that it cannot be transformed is a very easy answer but it is not an acceptable answer.
In many ways, these two have walked exactly the same path.
Her friend was happy that he met such an understanding person.
Arju Dkhar said that whether this allegation by the Congress party is true or not, but there will be no allegation without a reason and therefore the Association demands an investigation by the CBI. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has issued a statement on its website, saying that our brothers and sisters living on the border of Assam and Manipur who have fled to a church for fear of the Hmar forests. who understand the shooting of our Khasi who have been demanded money in the Hmar forests.
The KSU Jowai Unit has donated PPE to the Catholic Church, Mihmyntdu on Friday.
In conclusion, Ardent appealed to the people to support the HSPDP candidate from Nongkrem in the mid-term MDC election, Hubert Riang. They will vote for the HSPDP in the 2018 MLA elections as it is the party that has the hope of holding power in
The HYC has also expressed its anger against the illegal behavior of foreigners without renewing their trading licences. they don’t take action; The party will take other steps to take action.
College' was changed its name in 1983 in honor of one of the heroes of Jaintia Hills, Kiang Nangbah.
SJ Duncan, a close friend of Soso Tham, on the occasion of his 25th death anniversary in 1965, said, “This great thinker who loved the country has seen forty and forty years. years ago when the country...was in turmoil...and he cried out and slept" The words “to be carpenters and water carriers of no one” which Babu Soso Tham wrote from the story about the and the Gibeonites hear the sound of the trumpet unto this day.
About 13 people have been trapped alive in a coal mine after a sudden flood inside a 300 meter long mine while they were entering to mine coal at Ryngksanka village, East Jaintia Hills on the 13th of this month.
“It is worth mentioning here that last month, the Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) convened a meeting of the world leaders to discuss the issue of corruption.
“ACHIK expresses its concern over this illegal activity.
As people become richer, the barriers become longer and this shows that the more they seek peace, the more they suffer because they have built barriers and distanced themselves from their fellow human beings.
According to the complaint, those who paid T.50,000 were TB Tahkuri for the recruitment of Om Bahadur Tahkuri's son at ORL in Meghalaya, PB Sahi for the recruitment of Prem Sahi's son. KB Basnet has appointed his son Madhu Kumar Basnet to the post of ORL in Meghalaya. J Ansari has paid T.45,000 to appoint his son Farood Ansari to the post of Clerk. Narayan Chettry has paid Rs 75,000 to recruit his brother as a booking clerk at Railway Kolkata. Bechan Chauhan has paid Rs 50,000 to recruit his son Rajendra Chauhan as an ORL in Assam. HL Sharma has paid T.75,000 to recruit his brother Abhinesh Kumar as ORL in Bihar. Majatlungbo has paid T.75,000 to recruit his brother Padi Lungbo Chawangtingdiul as ORL. in Manipur.
Speaking at the meeting, the Environmental Engineer of the MSPCB, Bah Wanshan Kharkrang, said that if the people especially the market dwellers do not believe in cleanliness, the time will come when they will have to give up. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) on the issue of coal mining in the state.
These items will be distributed to children.
The prizes were awarded by R.M.Kharsyntiew.
In his studies he completed the second class.
Kharkhrang's remarks came after AICC leader Rahul Gandhi accused the BJP and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) of trying to attack and destroy the country. destroy the culture, customs and heritage of the indigenous peoples in Meghalaya.
On the following day, the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh will be the Chief Guest while Bah Alexander L. Hek will be the Chief Guest.
Earlier, during Moon Jae-in's government, 300,000 won per month was paid in the first year.
However, it is necessary now to understand that the Kingdom of God is not only in Heaven but also here on earth in that believing heart or among those people who truly believe in Jesus as Lord.
Therefore, NEFIP strongly opposes the proposal to introduce the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, in its current form.
Panah replied, “Yes, I can't accept it.
Regarding the fisheries sector, the Fisheries Department, the government department in charge of this sector, is very weak and does not have the skilled staff to look after this sector.
Treibor said that recently he has seen with his own eyes that a group of soldiers have come to market at the public market in Shillong and perhaps they may have gone to market in other places. within the state to where they live.
This year, four guards and seven ksew beh have been deployed to guard the trees 24 hours a day, the Hindustan Times reported.
The facts will not be revealed until after the police conduct a thorough investigation.
“The signing of the Namsai Declaration with Arunachal Pradesh is a memorable event as we have also reduced the number of disputed villages from 123 to 86,” he said.
As the shops selling Kyiad have been allowed to open with strict rules, the union urges the state government and the district authorities to allow those shops selling beverages. , but they must be restricted and that is that they must follow the guidelines of the health authorities and the government.
Although we are still in this physical world of life, every day to die for Jesus , by living thus , we will manifest the life of Jesus in our mortal bodies: Paul continues to “For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh”. 2 Corinthians 4:11.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed its gratitude to the Local MLA, Shitlang Pale, for his donation to the village of Umkiang with a garbage truck. and the whole city was cleansed.
SOHJEW SKINS FOR SKIN MARK REMOVAL:— Often on the face or other parts of the body, there are marks that do not disappear from your skin.
The meeting of SUR KA BRI U HYNÑIEWTREP was part of the demand that the UDP leaders should take action against the UDP MLAs in the MDA government. Appeal letter regarding the suspension of 3 Policemen involved in the rape of (L) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Sanbor was speaking in support of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) while taking part in the debate in the House today.
Also present on the occasion were PW Ingty, Additional Chief Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Pravin Bakshi, Secretary, Dr. T. Wahlang, DHS (MI), Dr. (Mrs.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms. S.Kharsahnoh, DSEO, expressed her gratitude to the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District for organizing such sports events. for the children to develop mental strength and especially for a healthy body.
We knew that and now they are dressed in their own clothes, saying that the NPP is the most corrupt government,” she said.
Jowai, Naitung 12: Police have seized 80 grams of heroin weighing 1168.182 kgs from Ummulong Beat House this morning at about 1 pm. T.3.5 crore from a container bearing registration No RJ.10 GB 1424 from Jowai to Guwahati.
According to the letter, the Chief Secretary urged the District authorities and the Municipal Department to immediately direct the disposal of garbage in Mynkjai in a proper manner without affecting the health of the people. .
From time to time, the political parties in Garo Hills have come forward to raise this demand.
Out of the 10 wrestlers from the state, three have won medals, Kong Magaret Pathaw, who won the gold medal in the right hand wrestling. and won a Silver Medal in the 60 kg Master Class.
Last year, a woman lodged a complaint against him with the SP of East Khasi Hills alleging that he has been involved in raping her since July
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Titosstarwell Chyne Dkhar today said that the Meghalaya government should take responsibility for the safety of the youth of the state who have returned to Meghalaya from other states. in India.
Three goals were scored by Dlessing Lyngdoh in the 21st minute and Sowanmiki Thubru in the 90th minute.
When asked whether the NCP intends to form an alliance with any party before the elections to form a coalition government, Sanbor said the NCP will hold a general meeting next month. Delhi The meeting will discuss elections and party strengthening and will inform the leaders in Delhi on this issue.
If the government does not listen to this demand to relieve the patients, the union will not hesitate to take other more difficult measures, for the benefit of the people of the area who are sick and HNYF Southern Circle Secretary Tarson Lymba said that the HNYF Southern Circle has also visited the hospital to get treatment.
He said that the teachers in these schools have been receiving deficit pattern since 1993 and it continues to be in deficit pattern.
The Laitumkhrah market will also have 183 shops and will be able to park 100 vehicles,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The VPP MLA asked whether the Government is aware of the affected numbers of families from the permission to hold such fish farms which cost thousands of tyngka. the measures taken by the Government.
Shillong: Due to the increasing number of cases of covid-19 in the state, the state government today issued a notice that to those who attend churches, to attend only half or 50 percent of the seats in the churches.
The meeting of AMSSASTA was held on the 8th of this month in Shillong in the presence of members of AGHSSASTA President Stickson Sangma, Benebit Sangma and others. .
Shillong: Police and BSF today searched a vehicle number AS 11 BC 8831 at Sonapur and seized 33 cows from it. .
At present, the price of sugar is T.40 per kilo at the market price.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 85796 out of which 83522 have recovered and 1490 have died.
This was announced by Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, at midnight today.
For Ribhoi District, Prestone Tynsong has been appointed as the Chairman of the Committee and the members are Dasakhiatbha Lamare Minister of State, Mayraldborn Syiem, Sosthenes Sohtun, Deputy Commissioner, Ribhoi District as Convenor.
He said the government should have started to look into whether the scientific method of mining will help in the state.
NOTA defeats three candidates : This election also witnessed the defeat of NOTA (None of the Above) by three candidates.
Varthaman currently lives in South Chennai.
The age limit for U-15 will be from 1st July 2006 and for U-18, 1st July,
When asked about the mill, a resident of the village said that it belongs to Anul Ali, Subash Ali, Din Ali, Himanto, Nur, Sunil and Lambu.
To him be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
The child is from Papa Asakgre village under Chokpot PS in South Garo Hills.
KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit Donjingkyrmen Siangshai General Secretary KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit has opened the office of the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit. Ladthadlaboh Youth Organization (LYSO) and Village Defense Party (VDP) on Saturday.
He rebuked them, and showed them many things, but they did not understand.
The Meitei community in Manipur, the largest ethnic group in the North East, has demanded recognition as a Schedule Tribe.
I don't have much to say but I'll put it first,” said Ri.
The price of kubi and phulkubi has dropped from 12-15 tyngka to 3-4 tyngka last month and they will be transported in these days,” he said. damage to the field after heavy rainfall.
Shillong, July 19: The UDP Sohra on Saturday decided to re-nominate Bah Titostarwel Chyne as the party's candidate for the MDC elections to be held on the 24th of this month.
The collection of garbage in Jowai especially in Iawmusiang, Iawthymme and near Thomas Jones Synod College has stopped for several months after there was opposition from Mupyut and neighboring villages to dump garbage after they encountered the same. Arminius Lipon, President of the Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills, said that the problem is due to the snowfall.
The District Transport Officer also urged the drivers of commercial vehicles to provide the necessary documents such as Driving License, Vehicle Registration Certificate, Permit and Fitness Certificate, and other necessary documents. He also urged those drivers of commercial vehicles who do not have permits to apply to the DTO office and said that the office will take action to look into and investigate. (inspection) to stop those private vehicles operating illegally within the district.
Then, if one of the Hati dies, they cut off the branches, dig the ground and cover the body of the dead Hati.
Jowai, Naitung 17: The 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday at Jowai Nang Stadium.
I will verify and seek this information because this is from the central government,” he said.
Cafinia and her sister, Maianylla Nongsiej (10 years old) passed away on the morning of July 17, 2023 at 4.30 pm. that they were covered with earth which fell from the house where they were sleeping.
However, a day earlier, the Excise Department had already done its duty to close down all three ceased liquor shops in the village. The High Court has ordered that no liquor shops will be allowed to be located near the highway, near churches and schools and should not be located more than 100 meters away. the kitten to the bag.
The Apex Council of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has congratulated Lakhan Singh Nahar on his appointment as the new cricketer of the state. retire from cricket at the end of the season.
Sitharaman said banks should return all the documents of those who borrow money from banks within 15 days after they have paid their loans.
At the same time, on the question that Meghalaya has not been able to win any medals from the recent National Games, the Minister said that just because it has not won any medals does not mean to stop holding or spending for the National Games. because in the game, you cannot predict whether you will win a medal or not because you have to fight.
“According to our estimates, Dr Donkupar's son will win more than 1000 votes,” said Bindo.
For this reason, these vehicles could not be registered at the District Transport Office as the vehicles and the license plates did not match.
The route also included many activities that the participants had the opportunity to participate in.
These four players will represent the State at the National Chess Championship to be held in Pune from 15th to 25th July this year.
Foreigners who came to the other side of the Umtrew River during the raid by the HNYFWhen they raided the area, the HNYF members found that these foreigners who came to collect Shyiap from the river , did not find any sufficient documents, but only a few were able to show only the Pan Card and the Epic Pictures.
The debate can continue indefinitely whenever.
In a statement, sent by Bah Rescomar R Nongbsap, President of the Union and Bah T. Wardkhar, they said that the reason for the suspension of the owners, traders and truck drivers, is after the They have received many complaints from truck drivers, who have been facing many problems on the road, especially while transporting food and beverages to different places.
The laws of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in relation to those functions stand and those of the District Councils disappear.
He said that this scheme will provide modern training tools to Vishwakarma colleagues.
He said that he has three months to study and survey this road in the state.
Education, economic development and science should not be the reasons for the loss of culture and identity, but to strengthen and improve it.
He said that the entry of MUDA into Laitkor, Pomlakrai and other areas outside the Municipal is a change of position of the Nongkrem MLA who had gone to discuss with the government on this issue when he called a public meeting. at Malki Square.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “This is a memorable and proud day for the people and the people of Meghalaya. Memorial of Tirot Singh King in Dhaka"
On this occasion, the office bearers of the district were confirmed in the presence of the president of the party, Samla D.Sun and other members of the party leadership.
She recalled that three generations of the Congress party were the generations who fought for the independence of India in which her family members also took part.
In other words, “Wrong Trouble Shooting And Wrong Diagnosis”.
Naba said that during the celebration, there will also be an all-religious meeting on the 23rd where Prime Minister Mukul Sangma will be the chief guest.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong Borkhat, Kyrmen Swer, said that the two villages have taken on the responsibility of maintaining this road after they have faced difficulties in walking, transportation especially in the case of illness. During the rainy season, most of the vehicles cannot pass because of the heavy rainfall, which has endangered the lives of people.
This rule will remain in place until the return of order,” she said.
Shillong, November 26: The Mawlyndun Social and Cultural Welfare Organization (MAWO) has held a memorial service for Tirot Singh on the 17th of November at Mawlyndun.
He said that Narendra Modi will be able to hold the post of Prime Minister for the third time and the BJP will be able to win from more than 300 constituencies.
Because it is directed to be implemented by the words and minds of man, if we don't know how to use it, we become slaves to it. All these purposes because the mobile phone also affects the sleep.
In this regard, the Enumerators appointed by the District Authorities will visit the villages assigned to them to collect information through Smart Phones/ Tablets on the availability and use of farmland by families, groups, kingdoms and others.
The HITO, led by Bah Paul Thyrniang, President and Bah HM Ramsiej, General Secretary, together with other members of the party today held a meeting on the 19th of this month. On November 2023, they met with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T.Lyngwa to request for the release of the results of the District Selection Committee (DSC). West Khas Hills on the delay in the results of the DSC from 2022 and until 2023 they have not received their results.
JAC Jaintia Hills President Paila Kordor Lyngkot in a statement said that they have met with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills to demand the removal of garbage throughout Jowai.
He said that in the last 40 years of independence, the invasion of Assam on the border areas like Langpih of the Raidmynsaw Hima , in Ri-Bhoi, West Nongspung Hima, in Raid Marwet Khanduli Block-I Block-II, Assam doesn't have that rain anymore and the Meghalaya government's negligence has made us very sad. kind of people.
It was also informed that more drugs will be burned once the court orders.
Mawmang SC will play against Nongtalang FC in the Mawryngkneng Invitational and Mawryngkneng Super Cup will be played between Thangshalai SC against Lapalang SC.
“The government is looking for other places to avoid the problem in the coming days,” she said in reply to a question by Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh. council house.
Barem Rynjah scored 16 runs for Malki from 24 balls, while Sputnik bowlers Arbind Singh and Pawan Rai scored 2 wickets each in the 7th ball. and 9 runs from 2.3 and 2 overs to restrict Malki to 69 runs.
Recently, the Minister of Education, Bashanta Singh, said that the government department has taken the most appropriate measures for the welfare of the students.
In the first leg, Manhok Suchiang scored the goals for Madan Thadmuthlong 5-2 in the 13th minute and Pyniaidmiki Tang in the 31st minute. & 51 and Precious Tang in the 67th minute, 80+2
The words proposed to be newly created are as creative as they can be understood by the people and if they can be understood by the people, it depends only on the judgment of the people. scientists and intellectuals from the highest levels of society.
Tbn H.Papeng, gave a speech and explained the purpose of the Jingiaseng Samla in connection with this programme.
The Army said that the bridge is one of the budlum of the residents of eastern Manipur especially Churachandpur area because of the lack of all the assistance related to property. They came to smuggle through the bridge from across the border of Mizoram.
On the other hand, the MLA promised to be with his family and other poor people of the area, and whatever problems they face he will be with them all.
Recently, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government is continuing its efforts to rescue the people buried in the coal mine. The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has been struggling to extinguish the crematorium especially due to the heavy rainfall in the past few days.
However, there are those who do not want to earn money or who do not want to earn money.
Above – 20 Years Girls 100M, 200M, 400M, 800M, 1500M, 5000M, 10000M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put(4.00Kg), Javelin (600 gms), 4x100M &amp; 4x400M Mixed Relays.
The KHADC has disrupted the working methods of the people who have turned to the District Council without respecting the Council, but on their part they will not incite the people who do not have Shillong: The Regional Parties Alliance (RPA) today took three decisions to prevent the entry of foreigners. The BJP government has passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
He said the NPP will never be able to mislead the people by naming the schemes of the central government by the names it has created itself.
The SBYWA has demanded that the government should take the necessary action to prepare for the auction of the coal approved by the NGT, so that the people or coal traders who have been affected by the lockdown can also get the benefits. to trade only within the state.
The word 'pan jingbit shwa' has not been found or mentioned in the Sixth Scheduled,” said the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain. He said the provisions of the Sixth Scheduled and the Autonomous District Council Rules clearly state the powers and authorities that the Council can and cannot do.
He knew that they would not pay because they had decided that if the government arrested them, they would go and take their children and hands to stay in jail. you have to feed them.
At the same time, the union is filled with sadness and sends its condolences to all the families who lost their loved ones in this incident in Mukroh.
“If it is closed suddenly, thousands of people will lose their jobs because they rely on coal,” said Justine.
On this occasion, Bah Ruby Binong, as a father, urged the state government to conduct a thorough investigation to find out the facts and also that the government will He also took all the necessary measures to ensure that thousands of youths of the state who went to study and work in different parts of the country will have peace and freedom from these incidents as they have happened. it shall be your son.
The Communist regime came under the name of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). Turkey or the Ottoman Empire, which ruled partly in southeast Europe and the Middle East, including Palestine and Arabia, was defeated.
The office bearers are as follows: President: Ma Pdok Tariang Vice President: Ma Pynshaw Dkhar General Secretary: Ma Shemphang Dkhar Social Media Coordinator: Ma Pynshai Sana and 25 Executive Members.
Another amazing landscape that the area has through the ancestral landscapes is the tree bridges.
Through their quickness, further damage was prevented.
The Christmas season is also a happy time when people enjoy singing, dancing and dancing such as carols and other forms of celebration.
Shillong, July 23 : The residents of 38 villages in West Khasi Hills have handed over their Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) to the Assam government as a sign of their wish to stay. in Meghalaya.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the Blood Bank in the district will serve the patients who urgently need blood. You don't need to donate blood to the Blood Bank.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Monindra Rava has passed away on Tuesday. Members of the Assembly, officers and staff of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly sent their condolences to his family.
Bah Lambok Nongrang, Chairman of C&RD Block Mairang, who was the chief guest at the programme, gave explanatory speeches and encouragement to the students.
So I talked for about a while with them where there were also aspects that were not related to the branch.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in the state has increased rapidly.
“TO KILL YOURSELF!".
The incident has not only shocked the citizens of India but has also shamed the glory of the country, with Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee saying, “His head has fallen on the ground. the Hall of Shame".
This type of disease spreads rapidly in the mouth due to the growth of cancer cells that invade and damage the tissues around the mouth.
Not only that, even parents find it difficult to explain if their children do not obey when they are disciplined.
However, he said that in the Hindu society, if there is any marriage, the government will take the necessary measures to conduct the investigation.
In the presence of Moderator of KJPA Pastor DS Soh Khlet, Secretary of KJP Pastor NS Phawa and Chairman of KJPA Trust Committee Pastor DS Soh Khlet. W Warbah and others.
Regarding the government's initiative to send away the teacher, the WKSU and the Science students of the school congratulated the state government especially the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma. The Minister of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui and the MLA of the constituency, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, who listened to the demand of the students of the school.
Sparkle Rynghang (K1 Men – 57 Kg) 3.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday approved a special allocation of new schemes for farmers at a cost of T .3,70,128.7 crore.
Those who violate the contract will be blacklisted for three years.
The cause of the collapse of the vehicle has not been disclosed, but it is said that it slipped from the parking lot and fell into the ground.
And so consciously or unconsciously, I have built and built my own wall that separates me from Jesus.
Thus, it is like a sword of destruction, destruction, discrimination and death of the humanity and divinity of others.
Their area, whether at the North Pole in Finland or Norway, has six months of sunshine and six months of darkness at night.
The Kerala Sashthra Sahithya Parishad (KSSP) has strongly opposed the University Grants Commission's directive to various Vice Chancellors to conduct an examination to find out more about the condition of the cow. Gau Vigyan (Cow Science), which is conducted across India.
Rupang spoke face to face with the youth from Pyrnai village (Pynursla area) who received the cash prize of T.1 lakh tyngka to talk more about his journey before reaching the this is the name.
The family, the household, the village.
At the same time, they said that the most sad thing is that some of the sick people who were taken for treatment, but due to the bad condition of the road, they died halfway before reaching the places. care.
“Because I know for sure that if I go to ask for support, they will limit me, that is, I must protect them so that they can live permanently in the area and I will not say anything about the long-standing demand. “I have decided to expedite the relocation of them,” said Bah Adelbert.
Therefore, the Committee has demanded the complete removal of the Check Gate so that the passengers and employees can enjoy it without any inconvenience.
Like in that home, those little boys and girls will grow up not only physically but also spiritually and to know their Creator.
According to God's Word in the psalm, it is also God's dwelling place.
When inquiring about the number of students attending the school, it was learned that there are more than 100 students from Class A to Class VI. The students had to go to the school, which was covered by the MC and the teacher and the school could no longer be called a school, because it was no different from the chicken coop.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone Tynsong said that he has received the petition sent by the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles. The government cannot make promises without any consideration.
What kind of attitude do we want to leave to future generations when we leave this earth?
Mawlai and Lumparing have won four times and drawn once.
Meghalaya Police have lodged a complaint against the leaders of various civil society groups for holding various protests in Shillong in recent days to protest against the implementation of the The village council or the Lok Sabha.
The match between the two teams will be played at the 1st Ground of the Shillong Sports Association Polo Ground Shillong at 3 pm.
The Shillong West MLA said that such an incident should not be created, as all the residents of Mawbah area are Indians like everyone else.
If the rights are issued within 10 or 2 months, it will cause a lot of trouble to the school authorities, teachers and even the students.
“Your office should look into these issues and resolve them as soon as possible for the benefit of the people,” said Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, President of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha Meghalaya Pradesh.
This may be a ploy of the government just to extinguish the fire of the people on the Reservation Policy.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah Marshall Manner, General Secretary of the Village.
Therefore, in this regard, the office has appointed Flying Squads to monitor and monitor if there is such a distribution of money, kyiad or any other items during the elections.
So instead of worshiping God, they worshiped the prophet.
Hek, who is also a former minister in the MDA government, said that the NDA is a party that stands on the basis of empowering women and for this reason it will elect a woman from among them. riewlum to fight for this seat.
The Palestinian Ministry of Health on Tuesday said Israeli security forces shot dead one Palestinian and wounded another during raids and looting in the area. Jenin is the capital of the West Bank.
Nongpoh: Last night, there was a collapse inside the Nar Bridge at Dwar Ksuid, Umroi, as the Nar and Lyntang which had been cleaned inside the Bridge, had collapsed and it was no longer available. vehicles to pass through the Jingkieng.
After completing studies and training at various levels; He finally completed his BTh from Sacred Heart Theological College.
On the other hand, the winner of Wasa United FC received a cash prize of 50,000/- thousand tyngka and a trophy, while the runner up team of Ladthadlaboh received 30,000/- thousand tyngka. with the trophy.
Thank you Bahnah.
He said that last year he had the opportunity to meet with the leader of the Garo National Council, one of the political parties that has been working with the HSPDP since the past. The members expressed their desire to cooperate with the HSPDP, as the GNC has set a priority since its inception that Garo State needs to be achieved.
The fishermen were surprised when they found a fish with a sati synjat on its beak.
During the day the Hati stay in the lawbah lawsan while at night they go out to the villages of the people to look for a pint of salt.
Furthermore, if the applicants belong to any group, they should bring and submit the syrnot and the producers should inform the department regarding the payments and other necessary matters. The registration fee is T 100 tyngka and must be deposited through Bank Draft in the name of the Director, Arts and Culture.
Blomingstar Sylliang is the son of Marylinda Sylliang and R Tamang from Iewmawlong, Nongpoh.
There are those who are contesting elections through the Indian National Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party, KHNAM, United Democratic Party and HSPDP. government shiseng.
He took up residence in Delhi before being arrested.
After 17 years at the helm of FIFA, Sepp Blatter, the newly re-elected president resigned today to allow the investigation to proceed.
He said that all day long high level people have spoken and he is low level. He urged the people not to look at the party because it does not depend on the party but on the person how to work.
Welcoming the TMC leaders, Bah Macmillan Byrsat urged them to forget the past and look at what needs to be done for the development of the constituency.
He said that the CAG has found that the cost of the project will be about Rs 14.7 crore of which Rs 2.62 crore has been allocated for the transportation and painting of stone from the mines to be used in the project. The distance of the shyiap to the landfill is 80-82 KM, the stone is 33-80 KM and the distance from one reservoir is about -4 KM from Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The HNLC will call a curfew tomorrow on the Independence Day of India, as it does every year.
In another development, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Seng Kmie today issued a statement, in which it expresses its special greetings to all the people across the country. Thank you for your full support to the protest programs called by the Sengbhalang to urge the Government to immediately implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. hi all.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Sohiong Block Congress Committee, Bah Phrang Kharpan, said that the Congress party has no doubt that it will win the mid-term elections to be held on the 13th of this month.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has no choice but to temporarily suspend the police officer. the investigation is ongoing.
The Khloo Blai has been converted into a Community Reserved Forest after being taken over by the Forest Wildlife Department to protect the wildlife in the area.
The ECC is awaiting the RTI reply from the MSPCB and after that it will take strong action to fight against these illegal factories immediately.
Shillong, July 23: Due to the delay and slowness of the government in implementing the PMGSY road construction projects within the deadline of November 2015, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has said that the It has been proposed to set up seven Project Implementation Units (PIUs) to expedite the implementation of this scheme.
In Meghalaya, the MP election is not as peaceful as the MLA or MDC elections.
He said that if Mawpdang village sells or does not own the land, the people should use it without delay.
She said she is proud to be the first Khasi woman to climb Mount Everest.
In the match, Conrad played with his ministers and fellow MLAs against the Young Leaders Connect (YLC) XI at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
If you don’t know how to straighten your hair like a brush or dye your hair thirty different colors, they’ll call you crazy.
Until now, only the Ap Pahara soldiers have been able to reach these villages.
The National President urged the NPP leaders to work hard to ensure that the NPP will win many constituencies.
If the loss disappears, their politics will disappear and they want to see extreme poverty and for that reason they block development projects that should escape poverty,” he said.
In the Under-16 category, Ashrik Shivan from Assam came first, Anubhab Das from Meghalaya came second and Arghadeep Roy from Assam came second. come in third place.
The awards were presented to 231 athletes from Olympic and Non Olympic disciplines.
Speeches were delivered by UDP leaders including UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, MDC Ryngkatlang Lyndem, UDP candidate from North Shillong and other leaders.
The construction of the Girls' & Boys' Hostel at Captain Williamson Memorial Government College has been funded by the NEC at a cost of Rs 1.20 crore.
The KSU said that the BSF also attacked the people and did not care whether they were women and attacked them.
"Therefore we don't grow anywhere and end up in sorrow and despair and die prematurely.
Former Chief Minister Vijay Goel said, “If we look closely at all the hospitals, that is, lakhs of cases will be recorded in terms of the number of people who have been infected. that ksew.
At the same time, Ma Balius said that if the state government does not allow the sale of these goods, which are not available, the problem is that the coal, which contains lakhs of tonnes, will be lost. shajrong of the parks, he shall be cut down.
Wansiewdor Nengnong scored the second goal in the 11th minute for Rangdajied to beat Rymbai Iawpynsing 3-0
These include the Ryngud-Ryngud Road, Laitiam-Mawshamok-Nowar, Mawblang-Ruiong, Mawkdok-Khrang, Khrang-Kongthong, Sohbar-Tharia, Mawphu Road and others under the jurisdiction of the Sohra Division.
Just as Jesus Christ was born in peace, let us celebrate Christmas in peace.
The entry fee for the tournament is T.4000 (Four thousand), and the prize money for the winners is T.2,00,000 (Two lakh) for the winners and T.1,00,000 (Shi lakh) for the winners. he who came not ar.
Four persons have set fire to the boy in Chandauli district of Uttar Pradesh, according to a report published in India Today.
He said that the road is the means of development of the region, and for this purpose the central government will allocate funds to build large airports in the region.
Shillong: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) today issued notices to the homes of people in Iewmawlong area and directed the residents to bring information and witnesses to the office between the 3rd July to 3rd November
It is also necessary for the police to strengthen the cases against drug traffickers so that they can receive severe punishment and become an example for others who intend to destroy the lives of drug traffickers. to him-he.
The Minister said that the payment of interest for the year 2023-24 will be T.1,169 crore while the payment of pension will be T.1,794 crore.
Police of Mawdiangdiang Outpost have taken a report and sent these photographs to the DC. Mr. K Ryntathiang, Head of Mawpat Village.
The goals came from Dauruhipaia Pale (3', 45'), Arnesius Marwein (5'), Kordor Dkhar (12', 42') and Kynsaibor Lhuid (24').
Speaking to the supporters, Dr Mukul said that there is a need to empower with the right mindset.
The meeting also discussed the delay of the state government in releasing the schemes from the central government, said the CEM of KHADC. “The central government has released us for two months but the state government has not released us,” said Chyne.
In the evening and in the darkness of the night, the myrsiang fell into a very tall pond and stayed there all night.
The ceremony was held on Tuesday evening at Madan Remusan in Nongtalang village which is the hometown of the MLA. The ceremony was conducted by Bah Special Bareh and welcome speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong. the Speaker, Mr. Min Lyngdoh.
Shillong: Mawlai FC beat Rangdajied United FC 1-0 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Saturday. Donlad Diengdoh scored the first goal in the 22nd minute to ensure that Mawlai finished the first leg unbeaten after winning seven times and drawing. one without conceding a single goal in these games.
“In the recently released CAA Act, it is stated that in the areas where the ILP is in force, the CAA will not apply. The Government of India should demand ILP like other states in the North East,” said Bah Robertjune.
Perhaps he may have his own reasons, but even after more than 10 months, the Prime Minister should have the responsibility as the leader of India.
The appearance of this mountain is because it is the highest mountain in the area and during the clear and clear sky from the top of this mountain you can see the Himalayas to the east ( North) and you can see Garo Hills to the west, East Khasi Hills to the east and Bangladesh to the east. This mountain is near the Mawphanlur Mountain.
This makes some citizens no longer interested in politics or participating in the election of MPs.The reason is not because of the people, but because of the MPs who set the wrong examples .
The Transporters leader said that the farmers are facing many problems even though the government has released them from the curfew due to the lockdown to prevent the spread of Covid
The Bible speaks of “new heavens and a new earth” (Revelation 21:1). The Bible speaks and teaches that there will be another peaceful, free, harmonious society and another government. a ruling, just and hopeful country cannot be.
The tourism industry in Wah Umngot, they said, has initially deteriorated the road from Wahkdait to Dawki where many tourists from all over the state have turned away. for fear of the wickedness of the road.
Regarding this increasing power outage, this reporter when contacted by some of the people who earn their living through electricity, said that The increasing layoffs are unacceptable and cannot be ignored, because the increasing layoffs are a loss of jobs in many areas not only for the workers in the factories. , employees in computer shops and others but even government offices are losing their jobs especially those offices which do not have their own generators.
We have lived in an age when stories from generation to generation have been brought to life, by writers who describe the life of the sword, now we can Let's draw them in the ways of making them in a film, perhaps an animation about 'U Syiem', it is very important that it can enter the classrooms of all the schools. don ha ri Khasi-Jaiñtia, because by watching any kind of film, it stays forever in the minds of the children, where they cannot forget that as a nation we really have the sword. of the land, who do not take the money that a foreigner has thrown on his way to escape the sword, but gather their soldiers to stand up for their own cause, to live. inheritance longdien comes.
“The NPYF also urges all the political parties to support this struggle.
The Syiem(s) in the petition have expressed and submitted a copy to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya of the order of the Hon'ble Guwahati High Court dated 24th August. 2010 which stated and ordered: “5
Referring to the election, Jyndiang said, “The election is the responsibility of the Central Body and we have the State Election Committee. “It is also in the hands of the management of the committee. On my part as President, I cannot give much explanation”.
Shillong, March 7: The seat of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has started to shake again in these days, after the Cabinet approved the introduction of the Bam Ar Maloi Bill in the Legislative Assembly. make it a law.
Nongpoh: Amy Marsing, daughter of Bah S. Marsing, MPS and Kong V. Marsing, from Pahamsyiem village, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District, has received her Doctor of Philosophy degree.
Therefore, when all religions pray, God does not listen to them, and does not protect them from Coronavirus.6) The destruction of the environment:-God created all these things in the beauty of the eyes. his.
In the first match, Rangdajied United beat Mylliem Sports Club 3-0 at 11 pm.
“Mukul Sangma says that the ILP is an old English law, he only rejects the ILP but the ILP is still in place in the state and the government has not yet introduced the Repealing Act of Garo Hills. ILP is an old law but if it needs to be amended it should be amended according to the passage of time and we understand that it cannot be followed exactly as it was before,” said the statement.
The letter was signed as follows: SHILLONGNo.DC.XXVII/Genl/25/81-82/13 Dated Shillong, the 30th January, 1982Ha,1] U Syiem2 Rambrai Elaka Jesse Singh Snar, Minister and President of the Raid Mynsaw Durbar.
In a statement, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “In June, we will try to hold the first meeting or continue the next round of border talks.
The defeat in the election has put a lot of pressure on Bah Swell and he has left his job and it was also at a time when the poverty was getting better, but his wisdom has led him. He taught at St. Anthony's College and spent his time at that college.
Patel said this while speaking in Shillong at the inauguration of the scheme by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
For example, kings and generals have died on various battlefields around the world just to protect their queens and queens.
Anyways! Although the Association in the name of “Brotherhood”, “Brotherhood”, “Brotherhood”, “Brotherhood”, etc.
The total number of cases has risen to 13,85,522, of which 4,67,882 are still undergoing treatment, 8,85,577 have recovered and 32,063 have died.
“In my understanding, I find that the reason why the state does not have a proper border is because of the lack of attention by the people's leaders, because they don't talk about the border. Even Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who has been a leader of the people, cannot do anything alone, because there is no cooperation with others,” said the elderly man.
The Minister estimated that the works in the eight states under the jurisdiction of the Public Works Department (PWD) have covered 2,421 km of roads at a cost of T.15,718 crore and This year, T.1539 crore will be allocated for the state and the total expenditure in the eight states will be T.17,257 crore.
She said that if government employees are found violating this rule, they will be punished according to the strict rules of
The song was composed and composed by Pascal Jarain.
We have searched for Lad Marpna, Mairang, Umsoiong, Bhoi, Damsait.
Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi who is also the Chief Whip of the Opposition has visited the venue to encourage and congratulate these groups. These groups in Khanapara before he left to pursue other activities.
On our part we don't have anything to repay you for your help and participation but we would like to thank you and wish you all a healthy body and to learn more. and thou shalt be blessed in the days that remain.
The party candidate will be the ksiang to advocate on issues affecting the people as it is part of the North East Regional Political Front (NERPF) which can form an alliance with the NDA in the country,” he said. Come on Paul.
It is a journey and a struggle for a fulfilling life.
Congratulating the FKJGP for taking action on this issue, the Working President of KHNAM reminded that in 2016, the FKJGP had sent to inspect the water that had been collected in a clean well from the water supply system. of Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS), Upper Shillong.
If you would like the services of the Presbyterian Church and the Church of God (E) I am also happy to show you.
D, but many subjects or theses have nothing to do with the nation.
Khongmawloh said there was a bias by the Chairman of the Election Committee to force Lamiki to win the election.
The third quarter started with Korea taking the lead in the ball and quickly scored a PC and India goalkeeper Aditi Maheshwari managed to save the ball. tied by the team to protect the team from being scored.
That if the country and the nation perish, it is because the people and the rulers have rejected all the truths, because they have rejected the knowledge of the Word of God.
After realizing that the children have been cheated by the education department, the leaders of the union sought information through the Public Information Act, on the scholarship, and found that there are 61,706 children who Of these, more than 8,000 have not yet received their scholarships from 88 colleges out of 1663 colleges in the state, according to the 2011 census. 2012 for Schedule Tribe - Adhoc Grant.
 Santa can make you laugh for a while.
As an accredited laboratory, the Laboratory shall ensure compliance with the requirements set out in NABL 131 throughout the period during which this accreditation remains in force.
When the thyllai phasi has cut off the ryndang, all these things will disappear.
The FOCUS+ scheme has been developed to benefit farmers across the state.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on 17th June, 2021 has informed that due to the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and High Risk Umthlong Village, Mairang Civil Sub-Division, has been declared a Containment Zone as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-1
Four workers were killed and 15 others injured when their bus collided with a truck on its way from Solapur to Jharkhand.
“What happened to Conrad Sangma?” Sangma asked, “We didn't give you a peaceful state in 2018? Have you dismissed all those police officers who are working? rights, which protect the peace and order of the people?"
The trial will be held on the 23rd and 25th October from 9.00 pm at Jrisalein Square, Jowai.
At first glance, it looked like the traffic jam could continue for more than half an hour.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : The Chairperson of the National Commission for Women (NCW) Rekha Sharma has given 10 days to the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang to send a report to the Commission on the decision of the National Commission for Women (NCW). The Government of Meghalaya has taken action against the recent incident in Pamphyrnai, West Khasi Hills.
The school is located behind Shillong Polytechnic, Mawlai and during the inspection, the HYC members waited for about 2 hours outside to enter the school, but even after 2 hours there was no one. The members of the union were allowed to enter the school under the guidance of the Chowkidar of the school.
Love yourself first and respect others' is a profound and meaningful phrase especially for the Khasi Khara as a nation – which needs to be thought about, questioned and developed according to the needs of the people. for the sake of the Jaidbynriew to survive and remain in the name or reputation here on earth.
To become the state with the highest number of recoveries in the country, Meghalaya has implemented three measures before the first COVID-19 case in the state – the use of The SIER method was developed in collaboration with the Indian Institute of Public Health (IIPH), Shillong to understand the prevention and preparedness, dissemination of information about the disease among the community and the implementation of the State Response Team (SRT) to monitor the activities related to the disease.
Because of our reforms, we are now ready and confident that we will meet this challenge and turn these challenges into opportunities.
Speaking on the occasion, Shylla said that in the midst of the spread of forty kinds of evils especially that drugs have spread in Jaintia Hills and where drugs have affected many people and those who have been involved in this consumption of drugs, alcohol and other intoxicating beverages which destroy the human being.
The Syiem of Sohra said that he will give a show cause for the failure to improve the road by the contractor Bah Tamdor Sing Nadon who has been appointed by the Hima Sohra office to improve the road from time to time. The residents of Majai have complained that the road has not been improved.
The State Government has issued a directive on the prevention and control of this disease.
And it is difficult for us all to return, because at this time we don't have enough money to book train tickets online, and many of us don't even get any help. 3000tyngka, besides that when you arrive in Guwahati you have to arrange your own transport pass or (to get permission from the government to leave and enter).
In that year, the authorities in charge of the department, sent for land to build their own building.
The salvation of the world came from the Jews because the Son of God was born of the Jewish race, the Virgin Mary, but neither the Israelites nor the Jews believed or accepted Jesus Christ because they did not know Him.
The religious/church leaders today are doing exactly what the mother of James and John did.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Seventy-seven farmers and officers of the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) who went to attend the 4th Dairy Conference in Karnal, Haryana have been stranded at Sonepat. This is because there has been a protest by the Jat community in the state.
Sweetymon Rynjah.
The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong has denied the allegation by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma that there is corruption in the elections. and the purchase of land at Mawpdang, New Shillong worth not less than T.140 crore.
Birth rates have fallen sharply in Japan over the past decade and which also achieved a new record for extremely low birth rates last year.
Dr Mukul said the low allocation to Meghalaya is due to its higher economic growth compared to other states in the North East.
It is learned that the young man requested to allow the girl to leave and that he was ready to do what they demanded but he forced both of them to take off their clothes. wear.
To use the cVIGIL mobile app, please follow these instructions by downloading the cVIGIL mobile app from the Google Playstore or Apple Store, clicking and uploading a photo or video, to report any illegal activities. The Flying Squad will investigate the matter immediately.
For those who avoid eating meat.
Our Government has also built health facilities such as Hospitals, CHCs, PHCs across the state to reach the most remote villages in the state.
He said the opening of this car factory is to empower the youth and to train talented children in these fields for the development of the state.
This has encouraged various political parties and civil society groups across the North East to oppose the CAB; They also went to Delhi to meet with leaders of various political parties to urge against the CAB which allows the entry of foreigners from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
He said that the introduction of the GST has affected the people because only to buy top top and phun has been cut off and the Khasi have not been paid income tax which has never been done before.
Why is that? “For the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart” 1 Samuel 16:7
Their freedom should also be paired with responsibilityIn order for your children to know how to earn money, you must teach them that freedom should be paired with responsibility, giving opportunities to to do household chores, to pay for wages and other duties.
We will continue to give suggestions which the Government has not thought of implementing.
However, at the same time, the Congress, which has the highest number of MDCs with nine MDCs, has refused to accept the contest for the CEM seat despite having enough people.
It is for this reason that he recently announced that the youth should become self-employed whether it is in agriculture through cooperatives and so on.
The woman said that as soon as she arrived at the place where she was, the foreigner, Sonu Kumar, grabbed her hand and stabbed her. also to the woman, who also caused her injuries.
On the part of the Kni Rangbah of the Iawphniaw Kur, Bah Nestor Iawphniaw, speaking at the meeting, he congratulated these three youths who have shown a real spirit of helping. God has sent these young men to help their children.
The stadium will be constructed at the Lumnongrim Stadium in Byrnihat after the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the stadium. 5.7 crore for the improvement of the stadium.
On the same issue, the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Phudumbah Area Unit, said that the road has been constructed since 1996 but the government has not been able to improve it.
In the meeting with the fishermen, the Minister spoke briefly about the PMMSY, a special scheme for the development and promotion of sustainable fisheries in the country.
Shillong, March 20 : The State Government through the Water Resources Department has allocated up to 15,000 tyngka per hectare for those residents who maintain water wells.
Thabah said the union has demanded this because last year during the examinations there was a frequent power outage and this has affected the students who are preparing for the examinations. different ones.
They even lost their Temple, the Second Temple, when it was burned down without leaving a stone upon a stone.
In the second innings, Rangkynsai struggled to reach the target by scoring 163 runs for the loss of four wickets in 36.5 overs.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of KHADC which is still pending in the Ministry of Home Affairs. Regarding the VAB, the CEM urged the Governor V.Shanmuganathan to remind the MHA to expedite and submit the Bill to the Governor. shon seal is not legal.
When they went to donate to the family, the FKJGP was able to donate many household items, so that the family who was affected by the disaster, can use.
In the list for the year 2020 – 2021, it was found that there are 1168 farmers who have received this scheme. Xerox is a copy of the Register line.
There are 572 recoveries from the disease.
Copy Puja Welcome to you all.
Nongstoiñ: A motorcycle number ML05 H 1912 collided with an earth truck at Mawpun village on Nongstoiñ road at 12:30 PM this morning. -Driver.
RDA Asst.Secretary Titostarwell Chyne in a statement said that the RDA invites all the MLAs and MDCs of the UDP and HSPDP and all the members of the Seng Kmie, Presidents and Secretaries of Districts and Circles. /Constituency, the leaders of the UDP and HSPDP, members of the Women's and Youth Wing.
Before leaving your home, it is important to wear sunscreen.
During the inspection, Kynjatshai saw the ground which has been cleaned with plastic and rubber where the workers are brushing the ground. the fields which are being covered with silver jars and the erection of the goalposts which they are building.
For those youths who come from well-off families, their establishment of businesses will open up more employment opportunities for other youths seeking employment.
O LORD my God, thou hast chosen the inhabitants of Babylon, and hast made them strong that they might punish us.
Those who are exempt from its tyrsim are only those elderly who do not need it because they do not know and do not feel the need.
The Committee on the Roster System has already met twice.
The incident occurred at a school where food distribution was being conducted.
Shillong: Ryntih FC beat Mawkhar FC 2-0 in the 31st match of the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 at Polo on Saturday. minute and Mebankhraw Wahlang in the 80th minute.
He also urged the members of the COVID-19 Committee to raise awareness on the need for the elderly to protect themselves from the corona virus.
On the other hand, the Archbishop of Shillong, Rev. Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, said that the Catholic Church in Meghalaya has lost a Priest who works as a spiritual shepherd at the Visitation. (L) Fr Surendra Kumar Kanher, 48, who passed away on 01.05.21, who tested positive on CM Provincial of Northern India Province, who passed away on 7th June, 2021, a member of the Vincencian Society, at St. Joseph's Hospital, Andhra Pradesh due to Covid-1
On the other hand, the Minister of State for Education, said that the payment of the scholarship is a scheme of the Central Government in which the Central Government will contribute 90% and the State Government will contribute. to 10%.
Shillong, Lber 3: The State Government today has amended the rules and regulations for liquor shops and wine stores. in this state.
Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 72985 out of which 68307 have recovered and 1257 have died.
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndep, Bah Jinu Kharbuki, said that the incident occurred on the night of 25th July He said that a petrol bomb has been detonated on a police vehicle, but the location of the incident is not known, but he confirmed that the incident was not within the boundary of Mawlyndep village.
He said that the contribution of the people to the MCMRF is the cooperation of the people at this time when the country is facing difficulties.
Kharbihkhiew said that the police have been slow to arrest the perpetrators because the phone numbers of the teachers are from outside the state.
According to the Meghalaya State Commission for Women Act, 2005, the Chairperson, Vice Chairperson, Members, Officers and other employees of the Commission shall be Government servants under Section 21 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 2 (C ) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
Dr WR Kharlukhi has also adopted this village as a Model Village in East Jaintia Hills District. u snow ball dep.
Sir William Ward then built Ward's Lake in
She said that the increase in bus fare has affected the parents as in 2022 alone the bus fare was 7500 tyngka and last year it has increased to 10,500 tyngka. .
Thus, the main shynrang stayed in the house of the family, staying in the middle of the night, without rising or falling.
However, it has now increased to Rs 33 crore of which Rs 9.6 crore has been received under the Ujjwala scheme.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with Khublei Germany has once again organized a Christmas program with children from poor families.
In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, if the rights of individuals and the public are violated by laws that violate their freedom to choose the best for themselves, the means that it puts others at risk and if there is still a risk to those who have received TIKA from those who have not received TIKA, it means that TIKA cannot protect against COVID-19 and it is not a weapon to destroy this plague and the individual.
“As of now, I am ahead but as a party we cannot stop anyone from applying for tickets to contest the MLA elections,” he added.
The HNLC leader also warned the political party leaders to refrain from corruption or illegal activities.
Afsal finished in 1:48.43 seconds to win the silver medal after the Saudi Arabian was 0.39 seconds behind in 1:48.05 seconds.
According to a statement, the order was issued due to the fear of disruption of law and order in Sohra Sub Division following the killing of two foreigners at Ichamati and Dalda villages on the evening of 27th October. .
However, we understand that the most unique and intelligent creature is only man, because man was created in the image of God and in His own image among all the creatures on earth.
Herod was a corrupt king and his corruption was evident when he ordered the death of his wife and three sons just because he suspected that they were plotting to kill him.
Shillong: U Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Working President of the Congress Party, on Tuesday said that the Congress party will never support the MDA government including the BJP. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rev.EL Kharmawphlang, Pastor in-charge of the Church in Laitumkhrah, said that according to Pastor Reuben, he thanked God that they have to return and leave Bihar.
Bahdeng Lanosha, after finishing the work, recovered from the injury to her body.
It is to be recalled that this is the fourth time that the Mihmyntdu Catholic Youth Association has organized such a program in collaboration with other groups.
In the Ejahar, Amit Sinha said that the reason for the charge against him was that the police at Lumdiengngan had seized the two Night Super Buses of Hiran Ali said that one of these buses did not carry Nongleit passengers, but carried 122 byrni of Supari kwai.
The 10-day program was organized by the office of the Director General of Mines Safety (DGMS), Guwahati Region.
The incident occurred at 12 noon during the heavy rain and wind in the village and neighboring villages including Jowai.
Kong Linda KongwangTo have a healthy, smart body is the desire of every human being.
Actress Shraddha Kapoor had already spread the good news before Farhan's arrival in Shillong by saying that it is a beautiful place and I have taken it. “I have also written the scripts for the roles that I have to act in,” said the actress after arriving in Shillong.
People like Meghalaya are no different from other states like Mizoram, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh in terms of income, economic development and others. these all have the same standard of living and the same pattern of economic growth.
The Jengjal will cover the villages under Anogre GS, Rongdenggre GS, Baljek Agal GS, Rongbakgre GS, Waram Asim GS, Aguragre GS and Rombagre GS. Its headquarters in Jengjal which started today 5th November
“6.
After that, M' Baye Niang scored the second goal in the second half.
“This is our goal to win.
Here we see that Jesus said – “But the end is not yet” (Matthew 24:6).
The father of the child had received T.60 lakh after selling a house and when he could not find the money, he immediately lodged a complaint with the police.
It was from that time that the Garo changed the birth certificate of their children to women.
And when the 1000 years were over, they were over.
LM Synrem, Head of Education Department welcomed all the teachers including Ms D.Lyngdoh Asst.Professor Department of History and Dr.Sylvia Badwar Asst.Professor, Department of Physics. Two students from Sankardev College who have completed their training on CUET along with Practical.
Bah Dmingkom Khongdkhar was the chief guest on the occasion who is also one of the famous football players of the village and the pioneer of bringing football in the village in collaboration with Rangbah Pilat. Khongkliam did not come to God.
Iranian protesters have demanded the resignation of Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei over the Iranian government's approval of the shooting. Ukrainian aircraft, which killed 176 people.
Farmers will get higher incomes from their produce.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) from Mizoram has alleged that the statements of the Congress Ministers who are present in the cabinet of the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma that Mizoram is a backward state (with ILP) , said that Mizoram, the state with ILP, is the state that the Government of India has recognized as the fastest growing state in the country. Your per capita income is more than T.60,0
(Mark 7:9-13) Second, Jesus expressed concern about the widow's contribution.
Nongpoh: Foreigners and those who have seen or heard through the media about the clashes between the people of Pynthor Sohma and Umsarang in Ri Bhoi, may take it as a minor clash. However, according to the people of these two villages, the clash is not a minor clash, but a serious clash which can break out at any time and which can lead to tragic incidents.
He said that the victim was identified as Arjun Ray, 52, who died of serious injuries at NEIGRIHMS. The Secondary School, which was scheduled to be held on the 10th and 11th April 2024, has been postponed and the date will be announced in the coming days.
The appointment of the new Sordar comes after several years of the expiry of the term of the former Sordar and the Acting Sordar of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), I gave the command to elect a full Sordar.
After the government has sought land to build it in this district, the relevant department has sought land around the villages of Nongstoiñ.
Marak, IAS, who used to hold the post of Director of School Education and Literacy, has been relieved and will hold the post of Chairman of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE).
On this occasion, the Sports Department also honored two elderly women who have been very successful in the marathon including Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang from South West Khasi Hills. and Shyamili Chakraborty, who despite their advanced age, from time to time come forward to take part in various competitions as a sign of encouragement to other athletes.
In a statement, the US Defense Department said 95 percent of Russian troops are currently in Ukraine and that it has fired 600 missiles.
The sound was heard at 3 pm, while many of the people were still asleep and only a few people heard it. The sound lasted only about two minutes. eiei, in which the sound of this voice, spreads to the east and ends at Nondein.
In a letter of complaint to the Superintendent of Police, HYC Central Body, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “We strongly demand that an investigation be conducted and punishment according to the law against this act of violence. He is the chief of police against the members of the Seng.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Four HNLC members have been arrested by SOT Police on Shillong-Pynursla road.
Shillong: Police have arrested five persons suspected of robbing T.9 lakh from Bah Rishan Rapsang, brother of Shillong West MLA. bah Mohendro Rapsang.
Y. Mawlong, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, at the end of the discussion, said that this program is very helpful and necessary.
With the failure of the EC led by Bah Titos, the KHADC will have its fourth EC within five years from the MDC elections in
Bah RM ShabongThe Cabinet of Conrad Sangma, is in turmoil these days and this turmoil is not because there is a turmoil to overthrow the government, but because of the to visit the headquarters of the Districts, through a meeting of the Cabinet or Cabinet of Ministers of the Government.
He also directed that the rules should be strictly implemented as there is a strong suspicion among the voters that voters may misuse their mobile phones at the polling stations while they are voting. go and cast your vote.
Besides Prestone Tynsong, the ceremony was also attended by Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh as the Chief Guest, Marchborn Syiem, President B Mallai. NEFA and other Rangbah.
“We Garo as a nation have all the historical documents on the language and other requirements for the recognition of the Government and inclusion in the Khyrnit Baphra.
It is worth mentioning that despite the increasing number of drug dealers and users, the ANTF has not rested.
This survey is conducted every five years and will provide more detailed information on the number of farms and farmers in the District and the size of the farm, the income of the farmers. farmland, farming methods, use of fertilizer and others related to agriculture.
Hingaria is a village that is less than 100 years old, but until now it is not a village like other villages.
The leader of the union complained that the roads are only narrow roads and syrdep roads and government pharmacies, which have no doctors and no medicines.
Also present at the celebration was the Block Development Officer, Wapung C&RD Block, Bah T.Shylla, Chief Operating Officer, MSRLS. , Bah R.Kynta, President, Raij Tuber, Bah Harvis Phawa, District Mission Manager, Bah K.Slong and other officers from various departments, heads of banks, village leaders, members of NGOs please, SHG members and local residents.
Sean Kingston has announced that he will perform on November 31 in Shillong, the music capital of India.
He said that the struggle of the VPP is not with any individual or any ethnic group, but to resolve the issue of the Reservation Policy which has affected the youth of the ethnic group. .
“However, if the government department spends the money without authorizing any resident to look after and maintain, so that the tourists will be able to walk along this road. already made doesn't really matter.
KYM today appealed to all the residents of Myntdu area especially those in Jowai, to stand up against such crimes and illegal activities which have affected the lives of which if you don't stand up, fight to destroy it from now on.
The court also said that it has not been seen that there is no allocation of funds for the maintenance of this road.
The Archbishop said that in the past years, the Seminary has been a shlem for the entire North East where there was only one religious institution known as the Shillong Archdiocese, but now He said that from this state, 15 dioceses have emerged in the entire Eastern Region.
Shillong, Naitung 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the state government will soon appoint an education commission to regulate the running of private schools in the state.
Shillong: Police have arrested George Lyndem from Darjeeling Restaurant in Shillong on the 13th of this month at about 10 pm and found a gun and five rounds of bullets on his body.
Shillong: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has purchased T.75.76 crore of cigarettes for the period from November 2013 to November The company has hidden the purchase of T.3.67 crore and has lost revenue to the State by T.0.73 crore. After that, Sai, has been suspended since November
:The new song, titled “Fall in love again” will be released on the 1st of July
Through this meeting, they decided to hold another meeting and at that time they will name the group and those who expect it, that it is one of the groups that will really look after the There was peace and harmony in Ri Bhoi as a whole.
Why can't we sanction the staff of this hospital?
The examination was conducted by the union as part of the selection of youths who will train for the civil service examination outside the state sponsored by the union.
“We will investigate how this false news came about because even this mother knew that the child had died from home,” she said. “As a minister, I would like to draw attention to the best health care for women even though it is difficult because it is a place where all women from all over the region come to I'm not in this hospital.
Although this road has been in deterioration for many years, but the government has not taken any steps to repair it and it has remained in deterioration as the days go by.
Work is rewarding if we know how to search, and if we are diligent and hardworking, wealth will come.
Mairang, Naiwieng 21: In order to comply with the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, all residents of Eastern West Khasi Hills District have been informed that any form of cruelty is prohibited. and to prohibit animals such as cow slaughter and so on at any public gatherings such as fetes and other public places of entertainment.
'The inhabitants of Tripura have become slaves in their own country; the inhabitants of Sikkim have become slaves in their own country; other citizens of the North East will also become slaves in their own country; The first is Meghalaya! The Bangladeshis forced the Boro villagers to fight against them.
“Even the blood vessels have been broken while passing through this road because the road is very bad,” said some of the passengers who answered a question from the media on their feelings. The deterioration of the road near Umtrew Bridge, Ri-Bhoi district.
Khliehriat, July 12: Hundreds of residents of Khliehriat and surrounding villages have come to collect medicines and undergo free medical check-ups at the medicines distribution programme. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) today held a meeting at Khliehriat West Community Hall.
He said that the fishing industry is the best source of income because it is easy and opportune for those who are unemployed.
“We cannot accept the personal decisions of the President of HITO without the knowledge of all the members of Ribhoi,” they said.
According to the complaint, Monu Kumar said that there are more than 60 coke factories in West Khasi Hills district, of which only four out of 60 have been permitted and followed the rules. order to operate coke factories.
“It is for this reason that we demand that the Khasi language should be recognized, the loss of the language is more dangerous than the loss of plants or wildlife. Our customs and traditions will be destroyed by the great cultures that we live together in society. Here we are not only Khasi, we live and work with other ethnic groups. “If there is a strong marriage, there is a great danger and another is from natural disasters, these are the dangers that the Khasi language may disappear,” said the Professor of NEHU. Referring to the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in Schedule 8, Prof. Kharmalki said that the Khasi language has met all the requirements for inclusion in Schedule
However, it is not known why the budget has not been included in the list of road construction works of the central government.
According to Dr Kharshiing, the government's decision is a rebuke to the Rangbah Shnongs who have protested against the empowerment of the Rangbah Shnongs after they were stripped of their powers by the High Court.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki has issued an order to allow the opening of food shops for three days in all the markets in the district next month.
To improve the distribution of electricity by MeECL. To provide colored roads to all 6,459 villages in Meghalaya.
There are 631 cases in East Khasi Hills and 527 cases in East Khasi Hills.
The three children from Meghalaya who will receive benefits under the scheme are East Khasi Hills-4, West Khasi Hills-2, West Jaintia Hills-2, East Jaintia Hills-3 and Ribhoi-2 ).
He said that nearly T.4000 crore worth of projects have been completed in the past 10 years, including the T.2500 crore Thermail Power Plant for the production of 450 megawatt electricity, ethanol plant, beverages and five star hotels.
Don’t play with our constitutions.
However, Hep had only one answer: he did not know or recognize the place where he was imprisoned.
Speaking to reporters, KJDSTA President Bah ED Nongsiang said that in fact the government in the past meetings, has promised to release the monthly salary. but unfortunately this is not the case.
under the Sixth Schedule and 10 Constitutions.
Nongpoh: Three units of the Auto Rickshaw Drivers Association of Nongpoh area, including the Pahamrioh Unit, Umsawnongkharai Unit and Nongpoh Unit, have come forward to explain to the public about the incident which happened yesterday. The President of the Nongpoh Regional Auto Owners' and Drivers Association (NRAO&DA) has said that the HYC has been working hard to improve the situation in the country.
In the Men's Double final, Inar Kyndiah and Roskil Challam of PHE defeated Dr. Peterson L. Lamare and Rimilan Passah of DM&HO. In the men's double carom, Satisfyme Dkhar and Bashanbor Dkhar of KNGC defeated Holywell Dhar and George Hamilton Kungte of DIPR. In the Carom Board Men's Single, Carmel Kharbihkhiew of Statistics defeated Holywell Dhar of DIPR. After the competition, prizes were awarded to all the winners.
Before the break, Sohryngkham managed to turn the tide through Mebanpynshngaiñ Warkhyllew in the 90+5 minutes before suffering a defeat.
Besides the migration of the Kurs in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills District, we will also find that in ancient history there was a migration of people from Jaintia Hills to the central and western parts of the Khasi Hills. Shyllong, Sohra, Nongkhlaw and other Himas in Ri-Khasi.
Shillong: KSU Narpuh Circle, under the leadership of Bah KS Suchiang President, today lodged an FIR against KSU Narpuh Circle. The office of the Superintendent of Police, to punish the police involved in the shooting at the public meeting of Meghalaya Cement Ltd, Thangskai which was held recently on 24th July
Many of the suggestions we have already submitted to the Chief Minister because we have a responsibility at this time and we expect the government to look into these suggestions which we have sent since the 4th. May 2020.
Thousands of years have passed and the search continues, which is believed to be the city of Kafr Kanna, a city in eastern Israel, where scientists, they also found a 20th-century synagogue in that part of northern Israel.
“Our purpose in providing these beds and oxygen is to provide emergency assistance to those in need, but we make it clear that we cannot take the responsibility. I don't have any medicine in this place,” said Dr Kamaljit.
In a statement, Bah HS Shylla, expressed his hope, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, MLA, MDC, CEM, as a young man who has started to get the opportunity to become a leader with the responsibility of that. His hard work and counting, whether he will get the opportunity to demonstrate his skills to lead the country and the nation which is now without a leader.
He said that the food, milk and other expenses are covered by the village itself, by allocating the money donated from the village or the Relief Fund. Recently, they distributed food items to 600 households in the village, from the funds of the village.
“How Kongthei, you're so old... Now you say you've been called for two hours.
Furthermore, it has also built Check Dams in the upper parts of the Dam to prevent siltation at the bottom of the Dam. Dam).
On the other hand, the Archbishop said that to prevent the entry of people into the state, it is necessary to set up an impartial group to find ways and means to protect the people of the state.
"“You will file a complaint in June
“As Fathers, we understand that the construction of the Umroi Airport will bring about many changes, especially in the development of the country. but to forcibly occupy or destroy our land, without understanding or payment of compensation, has been a violation of our rights, which are like the “It's not like I'm going to be able to do that,” said Fr.Mawrie.
Meghalaya has the best cattle farms, clean air and a diverse farming system.
“Now, if we look at the Khadar system, the government employees, the society from home to abroad, there is no truth or righteousness.
The JAC also strongly condemns the groups who went to talk alone with the Deputy Commissioner, to demand an increase in the fare which is in violation of the demands of the JAC. They want to increase the price of fuel not to increase the price of fuel. If they want to increase the price of fuel, we are ready to support them. I urge the government not to increase the fare if you have any mercy on us. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
They have to face many challenges from day to day.
Shillong: On 30th November 2018, a meeting was held between John F Kharshing, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India. The names of the District Councils shall be changed to Territorial Councils instead of District Councils.
In the 2nd division, Mawlum Tyrsad SC will face Laitmawhing SC at 12 noon.
Alliance Air, a subsidiary of Air India, has suspended flights to the area including Umroi this year on the grounds that the North Eastern Council (NEC) has not paid the dues. pay.
In the 57-60 KG category, Badonkupar Synnah of Meghalaya defeated Sawan Subba of Sikkim and finally, Poken Siga of Arunachal Pradesh defeated Sawan Subba of Sikkim. he was a Sungoh.
Therefore, there is a need for a leader who has “wisdom, responsibility, responsibility, integrity, and vision” not only for his constituency but to fight for the protection of the nation. I don't think it's going to fall into the hands of the 'Mynder-Ri' who come to loot or take advantage of the property of the landlord.
It doesn’t mean we don’t want to compete or fight for trophies.
Nongpoh: A group of Sengbhalang Leaders in the state, including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, GSU, AWYO and ADE, today held a rally in all the districts. They have raised many demands with the Government of India as well as the Government of Meghalaya.
The State Government will conduct a survey to identify market vendors from 18th November to 18th November, 2023 at Khyndailad, Laitumkhrah and Polo.
But the question is, is it really impossible to heal? On these issues, this writer would like to mention some of the facts in his short vision, perhaps it is a wake-up call to some of the facts in his short vision, perhaps It is an encouragement to everyone to help fight against this disease, because it is impossible to believe without a serious attempt.
Sutnga Saipung MLA Santa M Shylla today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh. for the upgradation of Umkiang PHC to CHC, as well as the construction of a new PHC within the constituency.
In Sohra, Ampareen, Minister of Labour, will receive the salute in Sohra, HDR Lyngdoh in Mawkyrwat and MPCC President DD Lapang in Mairang.
In the first month of July, 2023, the Prime Minister sent a message through the member of the Forum, Bah Alan West Kharkongor that he wants to meet with the members of the Forum on the 5th of July, 2023 to announce the Sohra Civil Sub-Division as a full district.
On the other hand, the JAC of EJH strongly condemned this as it is a violation of Article 19 of the Constitution.
Dr Aman War said that if people want to speak only because they are against the Government, it means that it is unfair but if they speak that they are against and have grounds, it is wrong. but if they speak and oppose and have no basis at all, we cannot accept it.
“We should not allow the rumor that our party is like that, we should explain to the people,” she said.
Meanwhile, the AITC (TMC) has 10 MLAs, from 12-Umroi to George, 21-Nongthymmai to Charles, 38-Mendipathar to Marthon J Sangma and 41-Songsak to Songsak. Dr. Mukul Sangma, 45-Tikrikilla, Jimmy D. Sangma, 52- Rangsakona, 53- Ampati, Miani D. Shira, 54- Mahendraganj, Dikanchi D Shira, 55- Salmanpara Winnerson D. Sangma, and 59-Chokpot Lazarus M. Sangma.
These insects also emerge from the ground at night in the forests and slowly spread on the branches of trees or shrubs underground and start to bite after they have risen above and emerge in another long shape from underground. The mother who left only the shynrong, and it was at such a time when it was still bitter and stoned, the people used to go smartly by preparing the tum ki tam from the evening, the ktang to throw with the trees to kill them before they grow and fly because in just a few minutes this species of insect can grow and sprout again and fly into the air.
The NPP Ranikor leaders also handed over the resignation letter of Danggo from the MPCC. Danggo could not be reached for comment. The Symbud Lamphang has resigned from the post of MLA last night.
On the part of the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, Paiem Balajiedsing Syiem, in his speech, he said that the owner of the raid shabong with the support of the children of the raid has been able to preserve the matti of the longrim. shwa manshwa, u ñi u kong u u ong, to stay and maintain the gratitude, the religion, the customs, the music, the joy, the happiness in the raid, with the Khadar rule which has many inheritances and which still remains until now mynne as you are.
Despite these applause, and the requests from the Christian leaders, the Tourism Department of the State Government has not yet taken a decision whether to postpone the date of the end of the festival on God or it will end on another day.
“He was speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of a road near the Community Hall to Raid Laban Forest at Madan Laban at a cost of T.84,23,000.00 lakh allocated by the State. PWD roads, SPA Scheme 2021-2022.
In this competition, singers can sing in any style they want, including fairy tales.
Other speakers included Bah Beyond Matthew Kurbah, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, UDP candidate from Mawthadraishan and other dignitaries.
Therefore, the union through this letter demanded that the DC should immediately stop the vacancy inside the Mela if it is planned to hold chess in the state as many of the children and youth who attend the Mela go with the intention of playing games that interest and stimulate them and not to involve them in idle activities.
It is worth mentioning that this is the second stage of the protest, due to the delay of the Governor in passing the bills passed by the KHADC and JHADC, but this time, they have decided to give time. They have promised that if the Governor does not approve the VAB within a few days, they will write to the President of the country. They also promised that if the Governor does not approve by the expected date, they will write to the President to summon the incumbent Governor to Delhi. “But if he delays, we will write to the President,” they said. “They have not yet decided on the date to write to the President,” they said.
This was also the influence of the British which lasted until the emergence of the United Khasi & Jaintia Hills District in the former state of Assam.
Regarding the Engineers who can take over the post of CMD by selecting those who are eligible for it and in a transparent and transparent manner, the Minister said that this has never been discussed in the past. However, it is now understood that Engineers are also needed to rise to this position to look after and run MeECL. The government will have to take such PSUs first and this will help and encourage even the employees of MeECL.
On Friday, a heated clash broke out between the residents of Maikhuli and the residents of Assam, which took place in the border area of ​​Ri-Bhoi and Assam.
He said that the Tourism Department and the Meghalaya Age Limited will prepare a report on whether the project will be able to proceed with the connecting of cable cars as the project has not yet been implemented. to build cable cars from Laban which is the view point to Shillong and once this work has started, this will also go ahead to be completed as planned.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : After the MPSC has conducted the interviews and selected the candidates who have passed the interview for appointment to the Grade III under the Department of Agriculture ( On the 15th of this month, the department has appointed 83 youths to the posts of Agriculture and Horticulture Development Officers in all 12 districts of the state.
Police have urged the relatives of the deceased to come forward to take the necessary action.
The government should think about helping us who work in the morning to eat, because we don't have enough to eat, those who don't get paid maybe don't understand our plight.
In reply, he said that the NHM has spent only Rs 85 crore.
About this phang u.
These two vehicles are subject to the Meghalaya Taxi Aggregator Operation Rules,
He said that the time has come to stop these conflicts but to work together and find ways how this electricity shortage will disappear completely in the state.
There is no need for the government to seek the cooperation of the opposition in this regard.
He said that according to the survey, India has grown by 7.6 percent in 2015-16 and is expected to grow by more than 7 percent in 2016-17 and 8 percent in two years to come.
She added: “An ignorant thing, he could have said somewhere else, not to us.
“Conrad said that the joining of Prestone, Sniawbhalang Dhar is a great blessing to the party and he added, “We, Prestone and Sniawbhalang and “Other leaders, we have had six meetings in places where no one has thought of and no one has known about it until they have made it public,” he said.
“The Dorbar Shnong Khanduli has also decided to ban the Karbi people from coming through Khanduli and ban their trade through Khanduli while they are not allowed to farm. he paid Khasi Pnars and reached peace.
) Isaiah was one of those who spoke Isa.9:1
Nongpoh: The Kynthuplang Village Organization (VO) of Mawlong Nongtluh on Saturday celebrated the 10th Anniversary of Public Witnessing in the village.
She said that the compensation for the child should not be less than T.20 lakh.
The lymph nodes thus removed were sent for “Frozen Section" analysis, which confirmed that the surgery was adequate.
However, experts from the forest department said that the amendment by the central government to the Act will not affect Meghalaya as the forests belong to the private sector and the district council.
The BSF troops of the 172nd Battalion patrolling at the Hangaria Border Out Post, East Jaintia Hills, seized these items from a hidden place in the forest.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday morning, which supports the wrestlers from time to time, together with MAWA, held a special meeting to discuss the issue. Congratulations to the wrestlers of the state who have been selected to represent the country in the World Arm Wrestling Championship
As the sharing of portfolios among Government Ministers continues, some Ministers may get back the same portfolios they looked after during the previous Government.
A little further down, Deisy called him, came near and walked together. When they reached a restaurant, they both invited him to eat.
The army is currently enforcing martial law in Hlaingthaya and then in Yangon district, one of Myanmar's largest cities and trading hubs.
“We came here in the hope that the government will see us because we have been in lockdown and because in the past months, they have not seen us and now we are in lockdown and we hope they will listen to us”.
The journalists also visited the Prime Start Up Hub, a group that plays a major role in the development of startups in Meghalaya.
The first budget session of the 11th State Legislative Assembly ends on Tuesday.
He said that this meeting will be held next month.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has tested positive for covid-19 (COVID-19) today and has ordered those who have contacted him in the past few days to stay home. follow the rules of care.
The tournament was held at the Assam Regimental Center Indoor and Outdoor Shooting Ranges and ended on 15th November.
It is learned that hundreds of houses in these two villages have been destroyed.
Earlier, the Governor had sought clarification on the Constitution of District Council Rules,
That is, during the 3 years, the second half of the 7 years, or the last day.
Referring to the road to New Shillong, Charles said, “These roads are not built only for the people of Nongrah, Umpling or anyone else, but it is a way to reduce congestion and traffic jam and we have to take special action on these roads".
Cristiano Ronaldo has left Real Madrid to join Italian giants Juventus, the club announced today.
He said that he has a big plan for the development of the area as a whole as the Langrin Constituency still has many backwardness such as roads, highways and other development projects.
Sadly, those who do not have the knowledge are quick to be led, like the blind, by those who have the wrong knowledge.
Mairang, July 21: Three persons from the same family including three children, mother and father have fallen ill and been admitted to hospital after eating an unknown tit buid.
Former Waheh Shnong Kmen Shylla said that the cold and rain has been falling from Mukhla to Wahiajer and surrounding villages.
“If we continue to follow or support the MLAs just because we are afraid of losing the scheme, it means that we are still enslaved to our own leader whom we have elected,” said Bah Ardent. Bah Ardent also explained regarding those who joined the Seng as Active Members at various meetings, perhaps why the Seng has not said anything to them yet.
The three richest MLAs are Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP (T.146 crore), Methodius Dkhar of the HSPDP (T.55 crore) and Sniawbhalang Dhar of the NPP (T.55 crore). .45 crores).
“The expression of anger of the organizations is and who doesn't want this and we are a small community, this shows the incompetence of the state government and the issue of border settlement has been doubtful and there is anger and fall. to protest because they are wrong.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Government of Meghalaya has approved the MGNREGS Act 2005 to punish the workers if they have not received their wages after 15 days of work.
The court, based on the situation in Meghalaya, where rural areas have no roads and no illegal coal mining areas, said the presence of 10 companies of the CISF is sufficient to prevent the illegal mining of coal and the illegal transportation of it.
He expects that through this App, it will benefit the children to avoid missing out on lessons by teachers who leave school without permission.
The BJP has won the mayoral election in Chandigarh, where BJP's Manoj Sonkar defeated AAP candidate Kuldeep Kumar by 16 votes. he received 12 votes and 8 were rejected.
The award was presented by the owner of the school, Kong Brianda Kharkongor.
The PMGSY roads have reached all parts of the constituency, the road from Nongstoin-Wahkaji to Ranikor has started work, the road from Nongstoin-Kyrshai via Rambrai has already been handed over for construction.
Caption: Students of 6 villages in Sohlait area who were honored at the Union of Youth Organizations held in Sohlaitrim.
In West Khasi Hills, 44 cases, including 3 Health Care Workers, 6 High Risk Contacts, 3 cases from Nongstoin Cluster, 13 cases from Pyndengrei Cluster, 3 cases from Sohjarang Cluster and 4 cases from Wahrit Cluster.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has issued a notice under Section 144 Cr.
NZ's Tom Blundell has also moved up four places to seventh place after helping the team to win by one run in the Test match. -two with England.
Namphrangmi Talang, Waheh Shnong, Umlyngsha, said that the Sailynter Fish Sanctuary is the first fish sanctuary in East Jaintia Hills. with the approval of the Umlyngsha Dorbar.
“The Convention has also decided to separate the Government of India to consider their decision for the implementation of the bill,” he said. “I have met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Ramnath Kovind to request them to withdraw the bill,” he said.
However, God has blessed us in a way that with the presence of the bridges, it has attracted many tourists who have now become income generating opportunities for the villagers,” she said.
This is one of the reasons why poverty has increased among the Khasi-Pnar.
The lawyer, Abhishek Misra, has assaulted a young woman after a quarrel between the two at Silpukhri in Guwahati.
I don't expect anything to happen," she said.
Speaking to reporters, Hehkupar Pangniang General Secretary KSU Rimuliang said that the KSU Rimuliang demands that the state government should take action against such incidents which happen regularly in the border areas of WKHD. and also to strengthen the police force within the Ardonga outpost to curb such incidents of kidnapping.
However, the questions will be according to the syllabus and the questions should be submitted for three months for approval by the Board.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Brol Nongsiej MLA and Minister of State, Bah Eugene Lyngdoh, Bah Titos W Chyne MDC Sohra and CEM KHADC who is also the President of the UDP East Khasi Hills. UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MLA Shella Ranikor, Bah Pius Marwein and many others.
Nongstoiñ, June 20: As part of the celebration of the 4th Anniversary of Ayushman Bharat Health & Wellness Center in Meghalaya, the Deputy Commissioner's Office in collaboration with the Block Office Mairang Block will hold a Block Health Fair on the 22nd June 2022 from 10 am.
It says, 'In our village we don't allow other churches, anyone who leaves the church must leave the village and the village doesn't allow us to build churches except our church'
The current challenges in terms of resettlement and other needs are ongoing and arise from time to time because the US has not been involved in any part of the process. to get the right to host cricket tournaments, but the existence of Major League Cricket which will soon be held and the country's success in hosting the T20 tournament will solve all the problems. for the smooth running of the affairs.
The second reason is the quarrying of stone, soil and shyiap.
The world today is hungry not for bread, but for Wisdom and Love.
The leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Diengpasoh strongly condemned the HANM, which has made unfounded allegations.
A woman from Nongstoin who was waiting for a patient at Robert Hospital who was about to go shopping was hit by the vehicle. parts of the body, where she was sick.
"I have found a giant creature in Antarctica near a huge door," Waring said in an article published yesterday in the UK's Express newspaper. it is easy for him to enter and leave.
He said that according to the advertisement published on 09th July, 2023 many posts have been published for various jobs but the application process is so slow that even the applicants do not get any information about the the popularity of the acquirers.
For example, there are currently about 150 factories in India that produce sugarcane.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he is consulting with legal experts to take the necessary action on the incident in which former Governor V Shanmuganathan was arrested. The young woman who is fighting for the post of Public Relation Officer (PRO) has been accused.
On this occasion, the union is deeply concerned, because this road is no longer safe for the people, and it has created a danger, because this road can cause a tragic incident in any place. especially when it rains.
In this regard, this year on the 30th November 2022 is the anniversary of the death of Woh Kiang Nangbah because he was executed on the 30th November Khad-Ar Dolloi is all right.
Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Haryana have two seats each while Manipur has one seat each.
KHNAM has suggested that in fact all stakeholders should be allowed to send their comments to the Expert Committee within the stipulated time so that the Expert Committee can read them. and ensure that it will be able to complete the work within 3 months.
The award was launched in 2007 and this year, after careful consideration, it was awarded to the Beat House.
Will the Congress be able to retain the Shillong MP seat in the upcoming MP elections? This is the question that the people have started to talk about as the preparations for this election are going on.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Wantestar said that since 1998 they have received one ambulance but suddenly this ambulance has stopped working.
For more information please call 7630036152/ 6009374244/
‘In all generations, You have been a refuge; We shall not be afraid of the darkness of the future; Good Lord, stand up and save the land from danger.
Of the allocation of T.750 crore for 127 secondary schools in the state, Dympep said the government has allocated up to T.8 crore for each project. of T.40 crore to be implemented in the first phase.
Remember that the Rangbah Shnong/Sordar Shnong has the same right as the MLA to knock on the doors of various departments and to meet with the senior officers to demand the rights of the people in the villages.
He is also a well known football player in the district but since he suffered a serious football injury, he has retired.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The death toll has risen to 52 so far after another body was found in Balalggri village, South West Garo Hills.
It is learned that Bah Mit's return to his village came after the priest suggested that he return to his village, because he believed that his illness, which has lasted for 10 years, it is because of the house.
Secretary of JSU Administration Unit.
He just stood next to Rida and tried to slap her with jali jaum words.
Samlin said the UDP has won only once in Sohiong constituency in 1998 since its inception, but after the elections it has never won again.
ASHA workers can now be paid monthly without delay.
This part will still take time.
After the inspection, Rangbah Shnong Frankie Nongrum together with Titsuk Kharbani, President of the VDP, said that the reason why the village and the VDP have taken this step is the for the benefit of the children in the community as a whole and to avoid the consumption of alcoholic beverages.
The KHADC has suspended Patrick after allegations that he was involved in issuing NoC to Assam for the construction of a road to Balakhawa on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking to Rupang, the Indian footballer said that he has been interested in football since he was a child when he was in class IV (Four), but During his childhood, he said that he played just for fun like other children.
Others present at the meeting were Jharkhand Chief Minister and Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) leader Hemant Soren, Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin, Former Jammu & Kashmir Chief Ministers Mehbooba Mufti (PDP) and Omar Abdullah (National Conference), Rashtriya Janata Dal leader Lalu Prasad Yadav, Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray, former Prime Minister Uttar Pradesh and SP leader Akhilesh Yadav, CPI leader D Raja, CPI(M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury and CPI (ML) General Secretary Deepankar Bhattacharya.
The minister promised to provide new equipment such as the old x-ray machine at the hospital and others such as the opening of a blood bank.
He said that in the past, some shopkeepers have requested the Hima Mylliem to allow them to stay inside their shops to prevent theft.
“We have seen during the implementation of the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) for Engineering students and also the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) for Doctoral students, our students have achieved Many problems, especially in the countryside.
She also mentioned the contribution he made through the books he translated into Khasi by referring to the Rhodd Mam and the Gospel of Matthew.
Shillong, July 28: Ka KHNAM today announced its candidate for the Laban-Mawprem Constituency in the upcoming mid-term elections.
To strengthen relations with Bangladesh, Conrad said Meghalaya has worked hard to strengthen trade in the border areas.
At the beginning of the investigation, he said, it was found that a senior employee of the hospital in charge of the blood bank had released the blood without informing the authorities. day paint.
“Therefore, whatever decision they (parties) take, I will look at it and decide.
The Rs 60 crore allocation for the implementation of this scheme can not only provide nutritious food to children, but also provide employment and support to entrepreneurs in the State. trained in the culinary arts and also has been able to support indigenous food farmers and producers in the State.
Subir also promised that if elected, he will use his MLA salary for the education of the children in the constituency.
Among the 'Rong' brought to the Naisan or Behdeinkhlam festival, the 'Rong' brought by Tuber Wahshnong brought the message to educate the public to educate each other to prevent social diseases including diseases. HIV-Aids, Drugs, Alcohol, Tobacco and Rong brought about by the Dulong Club talks about the need to protect wildlife.
It is for this reason that there have been attempts in the past to expel these non-native peoples from this country of Hynniewtrep.
He started his education at one of the village schools and after a few years, he went to Shillong to continue his higher education.
“According to information, Fr. Michael Balawan, is a Catholic Missionary who came from the West from France and his visit to this Khasi Hills is to bring light from the for the purpose of promoting education in addition to the work he does for the spiritual life of the Catholic Church.
Shillong: The Synrai Dorbar of the State Legislative Assembly will be held from 21st to 27th November
November 09: The campaign “Women for Water, Water for Women” has been launched by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA) in collaboration with the National Urban Life Mission (NULM) and the Odisha Urban Academy. ended victoriously on its third day, which is on November 9, 2023.
Nongstoin Police Station, after receiving a tip on Tuesday last month, took the truck to the police station. He said that many parts of the truck were lost and stolen by unidentified persons.
The Governor cannot refuse to sign the VAB but he can only point out the shortcomings in it,” said Dr Kharshiing.
Dr Laloo said there are 280 wholesalers in the state and the selection of these has been done in accordance with the rules stipulated in the Meghalaya Foodgrains Control Order.
At present, the Railways Department has estimated that the death toll from train collisions in Odisha has risen to 278 so far. three more people died as a result of their injuries.
We say, for the glory of God, and in the name of religion, we sher dara hold expensive religious services, we eat, drink, eat medicine, while the heart is far from God, life that every day has nothing to do with the Christian life.
This is according to a statement issued by the Secretary Shnong, Marius Nongsiej.
The complaint said the government should not encourage the implementation of the ILP, but should ensure that the villagers should not be restricted by foreigners in their work and travel. you come, you earn.
We are not alone in giving our race to our mother but there are other races who are still like us.
Dr Lamare, Principal of St. Edmund's College and a prominent Khasi writer, said that the protest of the people including students, civil society and churches is necessary to make this work a success.
He also demanded that the boundaries of the villages in the area should be resolved.
He said that the reservation policy is only for the Garo while for the Khasi there is no such special allocation.
The game was very strong from the start of the first half, but RUFC opened the scoring through Aenam Jyrwa in the 37th minute.
However, before all this can happen, the tournament will also need financial assistance and permission from the International Cricket Council (ICC).
Shillong and Umiam received no rainfall, while Sohra received 0.4mm of rainfall.
In this regard, he said that the department has deployed Rapid Response Teams (RRTs) to check if any information is received on the signs of symptoms in cows and cows. such as this disease.
Especially if there are few defense forces left.
To hold a successful Winter Fiesta, the Dorbar Shnong Sabahmuswang invites all the public to attend this two day festival which starts today 14th and ends on 15th January
The investigation report shall be submitted after the completion of the investigation in accordance with Section 173 of the Code of Criminal Procedure,
But they took whatever they wanted.
In the first quarter final match, NEHU Shillong beat GHADC by 3 runs.
After this, the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) was held and applications were invited for the post of Lower Primary and Upper Primary teachers.
Nickyboy Swer (9 & 28) scored two goals for Mookyrdup, followed by Famous Plain (20), Dennis Passah (45) and Nidaiar Kamar (64).
Nongpoh, March 31 : To encourage and motivate the students of Umsawnongkharai Village to continue their education, the KSU Umsawnongkharai Unit on Saturday awarded special honors to the students who passed well. KSU Umsawnongkharai Unit has awarded the Academic Excellence Award 2022 to the students of Umsawnongkharai Village. is to encourage and motivate the students of the village in education.
When they fall into such traps, children try to hide from their parents their encounter outside the home.
He said that the HLF&FSSA has a plan to distribute Dohkha seeds to those people by using them, as well as to raise awareness among the Dohkha farmers, to market the Dohkha in the state. , to help how to treat sick Dohkha and others.
“He said that a man like Bah Hopingstone is indeed a Khasi leader who loves his own people and speaks for others.
Earlier, Nujorki Sungoh said that he as a local MLA will take action to provide assistance to them in collaboration with the Prime Minister.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 17: In order to hold a clean and transparent Lok Sabha election 2024 without any interference and to implement the laws under the provisions of 144 Cr.
These two goals lasted until the end of the first half which gave Mukhla Raij to reach the final against Sailung Ialong.
However, he said Ukraine is well prepared for this and will not allow Russia to invade Ukraine again as it did last year.
Giving space and including others.
“Although I did not win, you have allowed me to continue working for the party and the people,” said the BJP candidate. Modi has appointed Sarbananda Sonowal and Khrien Rijiju as ministers from the North East and Rijiju is also in charge of the BJP. , in the State of Meghalaya.
Before the programme, a rally on the same theme was held with the participation of the students of the school which started from Teppale, Dulong, Iongpiah, Pohskur and ended inside the grounds of the school.
Agatchu Chetai took 22 runs while Jestbath D Shira and Dip Bijoy took two wickets each. .
The Sports Department of the State Government has selected five teams to participate in the 66th National School Games 2023 to be held in Delhi, Bhopal and Gwalior this month.
“Churches have been damaged and believers have been injured while the Congress government has been sleeping without protection and it is also against what Bah Vincent promised that the Congress will provide protection to Christians and religious leaders. nation," he said.
It would be a loss to get caught up in such situations.
The cold weather has become increasingly severe in these days and thus the idols in Ayodhya have needed food.
In the final match of the Futsal Tournament, Mad Kings played against INNPI. In the final match, Mad Kings won half of the tournament. dorjon the innpi by defeating it by 6 or
“I don't see anyone in the world who will act like the Prime Minister of the country to be the spokesman of the companies, the officials.
Meanwhile, the SSA on Tuesday announced that 52 players have signed contracts for the inter-club transfer, but it is expected that other players will sign contracts. may be completed before the end of Saturday.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law, said the Deputy Commissioner.
“In my 19-year career, Chhetri said, “In my 19-year career, I have experienced many things between work, struggle and happiness.
It takes a strong will and a courageous spirit to overcome the challenges that come from time to time.
When asked by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh whether the Congress party will take part in the curfew, he said he has not received any information. “I don't know, nobody has informed me, I won't be in Shillong because I have to campaign,” he said.
Another thing is that even if they form a government together, it doesn't matter, because the end is the decision of the people.
“We need to work together and I am happy that we are of the same mind and we will move forward,” said Ampareen Lyngdoh.
The UDP has started harassing its four MDCs who have decided to leave the party and has called a meeting on the 4th of this month in Shillong to discuss the issue.
Among the officials who attended the meeting were KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP, PB Sylliang, President of the HSPDP Ri-Bhoi, Khraw Marwein, General Secretary and many others.
He said the government has now taken steps to upgrade about 25 football grounds with artificial turf.
According to him, the BJP, UDP and other ethnic parties rely and support the NPP government to loot public money.
He said that the DS Rynjah is surprised to learn that there are those documents signed since 2007 to issue trade permits through the Relief and Rehabilitation Colony Social Welfare Society. who do business in the area.
The Acting Dolloi appointed by the District Council cannot perform the religious duties because only the full Dolloi can perform all the religious duties in the Elaka.
Nongpoh, Lber 25: The desire of the Central Government and the State Government to build houses for the poor and homeless families in Nongpoh will come true. The state through the Urban Affairs Department will soon hand over the poor houses to those households who are eligible to receive this assistance from the government.
At present, 135 students have been trained in computer, 59 in tailoring, 15 in embroidery, 8 in stenography. keyboard, 26 keyboard and guitar and 3 violin.
The residents were shocked by the violence of the Chief Minister against the villages in the Malangkona area, which still fall within the boundary of the Nonglang Sirdarship.
He also alleged that the government's actions show that the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Defense Minister James K Sangma are not ready to work and he demanded that these two brothers are to resign from their office.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored for Juventus in the 65th minute, while United equalized through Mata in the 86th minute and Alex. Sandro, who scored his own goal for Juventus in the 90th minute.
It happened exactly as Jesus had described it to them.
So, success belongs to all people.
Seven Assamese living in Nepal have died at the time of writing, media reports said.
FKJGP Khliehriat Circle President Michal Chyrmang and General Secretary Fullmoon Nongtdu were also present at the rally.
The SP said that the search operation will continue in the coming days. The search operation will continue in the coming days.
The Rangbah Shnong said that this makes the people afraid to go to help, because he holds a knife in his hand and a stick and along with a byrngem.
However, if you, my father, want to promote me to class-VI, I will allow you, but you, my father, bear the sin.
Nearly 90,000 students have appeared for the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examinations this year.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 20: The United Democratic Party, which is one of the oldest political parties in the state and one of the most paid parties in the country, has been established. , has now started to prepare for the MLA candidate to contest the upcoming elections for
“The government should clarify the root and urgent reasons for the postponement of the election period of these two ADCs,” Kharkrang told reporters.
He said that if it hadn't been for the village authorities to take care of the bridge, he wouldn't have known how it would have happened now. The road to Umling but from time to time the village authorities have gone to patrol and not to allow the coal trucks.
Therefore, if the slogan 'U Lyngngam u Diko' cannot be removed, it will be a shame for the Khasi and South West Khasi to include it in their Garoland.
After the media published this news and the opposition parties started demanding an inquiry into the case, the Chief Minister once again convened an Inquiry Committee headed by a judge ( judge) from Madhya Pradesh who has retired.
He said that the construction of the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi is also in progress.
This statement by the SP of East Khasi Hills, came at a time when many expensive vehicles were smuggled and this has put the police in doubt whether these vehicles are the private vehicles of those officials. government who have received permission to build ïit ïong or private individuals who have not received permission.
Prof. AK Nongkynrih, Department of Sociology, NEHU was the chief guest to distribute the prizes to the winners. Kong AR Synnah and other dignitaries who came to witness and encourage the players.
The KSU Seng Kmie leaders have also found that there are names of foreigners who have entered their list to study MBBS. They also found that the syrnot issued by the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai to the foreigner is from 23rd July
The indefinite strike by the JAC comprising NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEH USU which started on Tuesday was successful in which all the members of these three organizations take part.
The Waheh Shnong, Shiwa Siangshai, said that the Khaw has not affected the residents, but the food items such as Jhur, Shini, Slasha, Piat, Mluh and others have been affected. food that is used every day.
The program was conducted by the Waheh Shnong, Iaikiewbha Rymbai, welcome speech was delivered by the Chairman Shnong, Jamris Siangshai and welcome speech by the Secretary VEC, Ronica Dkhar.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the Government implements the schemes after understanding from the beginning and with the cooperation of the people.
In addition, some banks have also set up counters for Social Security Schemes and currency exchange offices for the benefit of the participants.
There have also been complaints from the village leaders and the Union of Waheh Chnongs in Jowai regarding the insecurity of the bridge.
EPF payment for 3 months- 24% of the salary of EPFO ​​members earning less than T.15000 per month in areas with up to 100 employees is paid.
After the meeting, the portrait of Patricia Nongsiej and Stied Dkhar who sold the land to the army were burnt.
On the other hand, the BJP, as its Vice President, has demanded an independent inquiry into the raid on his residence, which the police have allegedly used to commit illegal acts. The Minister said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing and therefore there is no need to appoint an independent inquiry.
Similarly, the War Khasi, War Jaintia and Garo people on the border of Bangladesh still have their paradoh parasnam on the other side of the border, but they still know how to protect themselves from being oppressed by the authorities. the border of India.
Babu Kular KhongjiremThe current struggle between the three ruling parties in our state is very interesting.
On this occasion, Deborah also paid tribute to the former teachers of the school who have contributed for the school.
On the same day, the Executive Committee of the East Khasi Hills District Unit for the year 2013-16 will also be renewed in the presence of state level leaders.
It is worth mentioning that the Village Authorities recently met with the Prime Minister to demand an amendment to the Act as there are about 17 ethnic groups according to the Presidential Order Therefore, the ethnic recognition system in the state has been disrupted because some of the ethnic minorities who have just arrived from other states have received the same recognition as the state residents which has caused losses to the state residents in many ways.
The total area is 36.79 sq km and of this Assam has agreed to share 18.28 sq km with Meghalaya and 18.51 sq km with Assam.
“However, what is surprising is that the SAD after the all political party meeting, held on 19th June, 2023, has released publicly on 22nd June 2023 the appropriate posts. don't plant shipor.
At the same time, the company is also preparing to produce and release Tiger 3 starring Salman Khan.
He said that it is necessary to understand that tourism is important to promote goods and clothes especially ryndia produced in the state so that we should welcome people from all over the world. As an MLA, he is now fighting to revive the tourist attractions in the Nongpoh area and to improve the employment opportunities for the youth and not to wait only for government jobs, he added.
Jamshedpur have eight points from their last game and are near the bottom of the Group C standings. They won 3-0 in Bangalore on 25th June.
“My phone number has also been blocked by the police and this has been reported by the state police chief,” said the President of CSWO in a petition to Rijiju.
The interim budget 2024-25 promises to promote further improvement in agriculture and increase the income of farmers.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Mawlai Sports Club on Tuesday appointed a new coach, Bah Hering Shangpliang.
He said that he has a dream that one day our people will be equal in income and livelihood.
He said this while addressing a public meeting held at Umsning yesterday to explain to the people his feelings on this issue.
Fifteen people came forward to donate their blood and included several teachers and employees of Govt.
Mr. Laloo encouraged and advised all the children not to be selfish because here there are caregivers who are like their parents.
All the speakers urged the children to take advantage of the training without wasting it as it is specially allocated for them.
On this occasion, awards were distributed to 9 students who won chess and certificates were also awarded to all the students who completed their nos.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is not surprising to have two Symbud Myntri Rangbah. , in the past, there were two Symbud Myntri rang bah.
Lionel Scaloni has also led the team to 36 unbeaten games in their World Cup 2022 journey, which is also the team's milestone. in the 2021 Copa America until she won the title in Brazil.
He said that this decision was taken after receiving information about the problems faced by the Dorbar Shnongs when they inform or assist the police to arrest drug traffickers or drug users because they have to be witnesses and have to to appear before the courts.
For example, it can be said that all Christians are one even though they are not Paradoh-Parasnam because they are bound together in Unity by a spiritual goal.
The Union Health Minister has praised the cleanliness of the hospital and acknowledged that it is the custom of the people of the state. nurses from the North Eastern Region of India have reached outside India especially Japan which needs nurses from these regions.
The Snap (Relic) of Sr.
Speaking on the idea of ​​'Reimagining Street', Conrad said this is a step taken to make roads pedestrian friendly and said “We have the desire to build footpaths 10-15 kilometers, improve the existing footpaths as soon as possible, build new footpaths to connect each other so that it will encourage the residents to walk”.
