Caroline beat Lion Sports & Youth Affairs 1-1 in the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
The program was conducted by the Chairman of the Farmer Cell, Bah Robinson Nongrum who is also the Vice President of the HYC Mawryngkneng Circle.
Therefore, in order to avoid any tragic incident, the DC and SP of Ri Bhoi District, the Syiems and Sordars of the Raids have been urged to take immediate action against them. persons involved in violating the rules of the District Council Court.
Divide a 100 cm strip into two parts wideC Use them as small strips, medium strips and large stripsC Use the strips as spans and supports for the larger partsC Syrdoh da u Reef KnotSlings: Use to support injured handsC To protect against hand injuries when touching the shadem, shoulders and neckTypes of knots:Slings ryndang, the sling or the sling called the St.John's sling.
The MDC said that they have decided to fully support Shitlang Pale for his responsibility as a leader to look after the welfare of the area in the past years.
At least 200 others were injured in the quake.
The group will also hold public meetings to explain the CAB in many places so the leaders have to take action.
The President of the KSU said that if the government cannot provide security, it should provide weapons to those people who live on the border to protect themselves.
The victim was rushed to Civil Hospital Nongpoh by 108 for treatment and police are conducting investigation into the incident.
This is because there are some rooms where the wooden doors have started to rot, then the floor that has been built has left empty and there are only plants and garbage that have been dug up without any care.
In connection with this incident, the neighbors came to help, but they could not help, because of the intensity of the fire and it was not until the arrival of the fire brigade at 2 pm that they were able to rescue the fire brigade. put out the burning fire.
Spelity I, who lives in Domiasiat, is the owner of a uranium mine, where a company has offered her up to 45,00,00,000 (45 crore) tyngka to buy the land. in which this friend has thrown away and has thrown away the money by a crore.
With the arrest of Jimmy Kyndait, three persons have been arrested in connection with the murder.
However, u Bah Lahkmen could not help but praise the incumbent Secretary of the department, Ambrose Ch Marak, for taking responsibility for the past 8 years. The branch is being criticized from time to time.
Besides the plastic, the construction of the ground includes floodlights and others.
Referring to the statement by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma that the agreement was signed between the government and the ANVC, Shira said the agreement was signed with the Chairman. Rimpu Marak and General Secretary Dilash while Jerome has nothing to say.
The new cases include EGH: 11, EJH: 05, EKH: 213, NGH: 07, RBD: 52, SGH: 07, SWGH: 04, SWKH: 35, WGH: 85, WJH: and WKH: 24.
If the government had been responsible for the future of the youth, those youth who drink alcoholic beverages would have been able to destroy the state, because the youth are the future of the country. ka Jaitbynriew, but if the youth don't have that job to improve the state, why should the youth live in the midst of poverty which will be passed on to their children? which is not if without work.
" “Therefore, those who have not yet received the information fall into the second category and have been informed today 28 th July, 2021 that their written test will be on the 2nd August , 2021," said the principal in a statement sent to syllad.com. Syllad.com stands on the ground that this written test was conducted without informing some of the applicants even after the The written test will be held on 27/07/2
PFR Football Academy and Laitkor SC won the Women's League on Tuesday at the Third Ground, Polo.
There will also be a farmers' market where pesticide-free produce will be sold.
Overland Langte.
“I appeal to Prah's supporters not to fight like this, it's not nice, the election has ended on the 19th, after that we have to walk, stand, work for each other, please respect, don't “I don't know if you are an MLA, MDC or MP but why this time especially in this MP election which is not pleasant to happen,” said Prestone. read the news on Tuesday.
By planting seeds of faith, hope and love (1 Cor.13:13) in the hearts of their children, parents point their children to Jesus to have a close relationship with Him. to cleanse these seeds and give them life.
Shillong, July 15: The invitation for nomination papers for the BJP MLA election has ended today and all the nominations will be sent to the party leaders in Delhi for selection. candidate.
In Rajasthan, it has not won any MLA elections.
“Participants will have to bring their own equipment and register on 29th June along with an entrance fee of 500 tyngka and to receive the equipment and game numbers,” said Bah. Courage.
Taking part in the discussion on the issue of development by Mawlai MLA Bah Process T Sawkmie in the House today, Dr. Mukul said that during his tenure as leader of the government , have created many Civil Sub-divisions in the state, but it has not politicized this issue because the government wants to develop the people.
He said that this is the worst incident that should not have happened.
Commenting on the reply, u Bah Rumnong said that the department had seized 10 small vehicles two months ago, but these vehicles were not sent, but were parked. He said how they can earn money if they don't go out especially during these days of puja.
The question is whether all of us have understood this value of our freedom as free citizens or have we just followed the lead without appreciating it because we have it easily and counted? sting to fulfill his duty.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, after the residents destroyed the house, the district authorities, officers of the Meghalaya Pollution Department The Control Board, Village Authority and Company Management have moved the public hearing to the Company Hall.
In fact, many of the people who came to witness this match were waiting for it.
Last year, on the same day (June 24), Russian President Vladimir Putin shocked the world by sending Russian troops into Ukraine and to sudden attack without any sign or warning of his intention to attack Ukraine.
In the follow-up through the BDO of Thad-Laskein Block, the JSU found that the Secretary has already received four Work Orders for two drinking wells, one foot path and one of the roads to Pohshnong.
God has left it to man to find himself.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that the reason for the outbreak of the disease is not the home isolation, but the non-compliance with the protocols. with people having to isolate.
He said that at the meeting held on Tuesday, it was decided to strengthen the party for the 2023 elections and to set up an Election Manifesto Committee in which both the party MLAs will be present. of the committee.
The author is also a religious leader if you read his writing carefully.
And I will bring them again unto the land that I gave unto their fathers, and they shall possess it" Jeremiah 30:3
According to the DC's order, the wearing of masks is for all outsiders including children to the elderly. They should wear and use masks when leaving their homes and public places.
It's a pity that people don't have the knowledge anymore.
Former Nongpoh MLA Constantine Lyngdoh has passed away today.
By teaching and working together, we believe that children can protect themselves and that is the purpose of this campaign “Who can protect me, I and We”. and I am.
The word Gospel has become a bloodthirsty one among us Christians and here we see the difference between the Gospel and the Great Gospel.
Agreeing with the statement by the Governor Satya Pal Malik, who said that the decision on the ILP is the decision of the Central Government, Sangma said, “But what is in the hands of the government? of the state government, we should have introduced some mechanism to manage and protect the residents of the small paid state of Meghalaya.
In a meeting with the VC of NEHU, which lasted for more than two hours, the Union had the opportunity to discuss the issue and the VC explained to the Union leaders that it is The fact that NEHU has allocated about Tyngka 6 crore for this campus and out of this amount has already been spent more than Tyngka 7 lakh on the construction of boundaries around this site.
“The people have united to fight against the corrupt political parties,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma and asked the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma whether he is willing to fight against them.
Lyngngam is located to the west of West Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya, bordered by northern Assam to the east and Garo Hills and Bangladesh to the west.
The farmers gathered under the banner of the Lok Sangharsh Morcha and walked from Thane for 13 hours to Mumbai.
You can also see the Mawthadraishan Mountains and many parts of the West Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has promised that within a few months, they will meet with the Prime Minister to demand that the University should be turned into a College. .
After the signboard was erected by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), the residents of Khanduli removed the signboard on 17th June.
“If the four have received a license to mine coal, how much coal can they produce, how will it treat the remaining ones and the government's happiness is like a drama,” said the Shillong MP.
Many of the speakers who spoke on the occasion from the village leaders , the Sengbhalang leaders expressed the serious problems they face every day in coming and going and all this is the neglect and neglect of the government which has promised to deceive the people from the leader who has promised to deceive the people.
“I would like to warn you that there is a part of the law that prohibits us from displaying pictures of children or even writing their names, according to Section 74 of the Justice Juvenile Act and Section 228 (A) “These past incidents, the law will take action,” said the Chairperson of the SCPCR. Syiem and urged the public to delete their photos and videos and be responsible,” she said.
From 1835 to 1947 under the rule of the British Government, this Elaka fell under the Jowai Civil Sub-Division under the administration of the British Government.
Another demand is that the government should strengthen the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) as it is the source of income for the people of Sohra. Chairman of MCCL and also the MLA of Shella constituency to discuss this issue to improve the income of the people of Sohra,” said Bah Titos.
The Sengbhalang demanded that the Prime Minister should speak out on their demands immediately.
“What will happen to the nation if only 25 lakh Hindus from Bangladesh come and all the people know that,” said the General Secretary of the KSU. on the basis of religion, but because of race.
He recalled that JHTOA in the past two years, has held many protests against the factories and the MDA government has also issued a notification of the transportation fee of 7 tyngka per kilometre.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Revenue, today said that more than 2400 people have been settled in government land.
Speaking on the occasion, which is also the 150th birth anniversary of the father of the country, Mahamtma Gandhi, Conrad said that one of Gandhi's principles is to be clean and this principle should be implemented by Meghalaya to make Meghalaya clean and free from plastic.
Meghalaya will remain at home and their second match will be against Nagaland from 24th November at the same venue.
This is a bad intention and intention from the heart is not wrong , for that reason there should be a law against it , but when it happens , it ends only condemnation from many and urge the law enforcement agencies to investigate and investigate There should be village laws for this purpose.
“The statement by the Chief Minister that the proposal to build a casino has been canceled is not believable but it is an attempt to mislead the people and especially the church leaders. “The KJCLF has expressed its strong opposition to this action of the Government,” he said.
The government has declared that it will not implement the ILP as demanded by the civil society and has introduced a bill called the Regulation of Landlords and Tenants Verification Bill.
Those who attended the speech included several members of the JNPP and MSNP+, who strongly opposed the speech of Bah Shylla.
This action of the government on the deterioration of this road, has angered the people”.
How can they end up like that when they speak only to the Minister of Home Affairs and not to the BJP supporters in the constituency? We understand that while the BJP and NPP are working together in government in Meghalaya, the CBI and ED will refuse to come in and investigate.
Because the PWD department has not done anything, the FKJGP together with the residents, have repaired it themselves in the past few days, by cutting down trees from the forest to allow vehicles to pass.
In North Garo Hills, 26 cases, 22 in Ribhoi, 9 in Barigaon and 4 in Lumumpih.
“We will wait for the DEO to respond to the report sent by the DC,” said Bah Roykupar. Bah Roykupar said that the party will consider again if the DEO has responded to the report sent by the DC. DC. The HYC, ADC, Municipal and Cantonment Board officers have inspected the area at Lum Survey less than two days ago and found about 80 houses occupied by foreigners.
“When coal is banned, it is like a ban on education,” said a statement from the RLPC. siew with lakhs of rupees.
However, he stressed that this joint visit is not his personal goal but for the benefit of the people.
There was a complaint, on the 18th June 2023, in which it was reported, that one of them, was raped, in the morning, by dozens of men.
He said that day and night he cannot help but think about the encounter of the 4 year old child and he cannot help but think about the problems that the child has to face because of the crime. enemy of the Palestinian rebels, and therefore he cannot refuse to condemn the rebels for their atrocities since the beginning of the war.
Narimon Nongrum won the 38 kg category for the 16-17 years old, Monica Nongrum won the 63.3 kg category for the women and Ishadora Thongni won the 45 kg category for the 14-15 years old.
Until now, many Christians have visited Bethlehem and now that Christmas is approaching, this place has been decorated by Christians and this year it has been decorated since December. .
The reason for the failure of the central government department is because the contractor has set a higher price than what the department has set.
At the time of writing, the cow farmers' association has suspended the purchase and slaughter of cows.
Meanwhile, today, the leaders of the Sur u people West Khasi Hills, today handed over the money collected from the people of Nongstoiñ in the past few months.
The two persons who were arrested by Sdie include the Waheh Shnong of Tuber Kmaishnong, Micky Lyngdoh and Denis Lyngdoh, Secretary IVCS.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the union said that the government has not yet issued any information or announcement in this regard.
Police who received a tip on this incident used heavy vehicles to tow the truck to the police station and to clear the traffic jam.
Austria-Hungary first bombed the Serbian city of Belgrade on July 28,
These are that Nartiang village has about 500 households (not about 150 as the Rangbah Shnong said) and about 2500 heads of men and women.
Not only the men, but also the Pnar women joined the men to fight against the Karbi by shooting with bird shotguns.
The Ministry of Petroleum has addressed the issues related to the operation of petrol pumps.
Speaking on the occasion, Arpit Upadhay DC, District Election Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, said that the EPIC is necessary to verify that the people are full citizens of the country. India after gaining the right to vote and elect leaders and the purpose of the Special Summary Revision of the Electoral Rolls is that any citizen who has reached the age of 18 years should not be allowed to vote and elect leaders. that they should register themselves as it is their right.
If you are great in thought, Take care of your thylliej!
The body of the child was found in Wah Umiam at Mawdun, Khlieh Dam.
Daniel prophesies, “Until the Ancient of Days (Jesus) comes and judges the holy ones of the Most High, and the time comes for the holy ones to be killed. and he shall receive the kingdom” (Daniel 7:22).
" – Latin “Christmas Day"; Italian “Natale"; Spanish “Christmas"; Portuguese "Christmas"; Catalan "Christmas"; French “Christmas".
Shillong, March 24: Leaders of the VPP (MEPA) today met with him at the party headquarters in Lad Nongkrem. Shillong Press Club, Shillong Press Club, has expressed its anger and apology for his speech at a meeting held at Urksew, Pynursla on the 18th of this month. on this statement of yours.
They should also ask for information on the benefits they have brought from the country they have visited.
The competition was attractive with the performances of designers including Isapaya Shullai, Amy Manbha and Elizabeth Marbaniang.
New Delhi, Lber, 7: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Awards for the years 2022 and 2023 to 91 leaders who have achieved their goals. The award ceremony was held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
Speaking to syllad.com, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing, said, “After the completion of Behdieñkhlam, we have hope and we believe that the gods and kings will have mercy on us and protect us from the disease. so.
He said that his mother also knew that he was taking drugs but there was no way for her to do anything even though she had tried to take medicines to curb his cravings.
India is located east of the Himalayas, east of the Indian Ocean and the Indus River.
A study by the University of Maryland found that forest fires have caused an increase of 3 million hectares of treeless land per year compared to 2001, more than 100 hectares of land loss. tap forest lost in the last 20 years.
Revelation 20:1-3"When Satan is arrested and imprisoned (as a boss), the world will be at peace and righteousness, for there will be no more wickedness, for the earth will be filled with the knowledge of the Lord.
UDP candidate Dr Sankey Shangpung won from Bataw Lakadong by defeating NPP MDC Joinriwell Pyrtuh while NPP MDC Gillroy Tariang won from War. East.
“I send my condolences to the family who lost their two children which is a very sad and perhaps unprecedented incident.
East Asian countries and India through the Middle East have the opportunity to trade in agriculture, commodities and electricity among many others.
The tendency to deceive journalists is very stingy to any public leader.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that the state welcomes the contribution of Assam and requested other states to contribute for the needs of the Assam. National Games to be held in
We drank our own water and paid for it.
At 3 pm on Tuesday, Sundar lodged a complaint with the police saying that he felt that it was Modi's actions that had destroyed India. ai ha of Inspector Viravallabane.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The government has thought 100 times before doing anything whether it is from the appointment of political appointees or even the dismissal of contractual employees. ) in government agencies.
Shillong, June 22: With the passing of the days, the number of land vendors in Police Bazar has increased. It is very easy to sit on the ground near the road at Khyndai Lad which is the biggest market in Shillong which is visited every day by tourists and shopkeepers.
In the past 10 years alone, in 2022-23, the DRI has seized 6.25 kilograms of heroin worth Rs 43 crore in the market.
"Hell is here," she said.
He said the Congress party in the Opposition in the state was not involved in the talks and had no information.
State Police have explained that some exploiters have used fake names of state officers to send emails to the public to send them to buy gift cards, vouchers and others through if 'email ID' or principalbv()@gmail.com, executivedirector4990(Dgmail.com.
On the other hand, Conrad Sangma said that the police have many offices across the state, and therefore in order to open up the police department to be able to monitor and manage these buildings and offices, There is a need to establish an engineering wing.
For the owners of newspapers, hard work, perseverance, responsibility, perseverance, knowledge and skills are required to manage the activities related to the newspaper.
Speaking at the meeting, which was attended by hundreds of people, Bah Khrang Lyngkhoi said that the reason for his leaving the UDP is on the grounds that he has rejected the UDP. Working President Bah PK Raswai's corruption and corruption within the party.
It is prohibited for any vehicle to play music from outside the vehicle on the streets, highways within the boundary of the village after 10 pm.
This dance was organized by the university as part of the MLCU Week-2015 called “Aurora-15” and in this street dance, various students took part.
A case has been registered at Khanapara Police Station in connection with the incident.
Not only with the officers but also with the teachers.
According to the President, Bah S Diengdoh, the employees of the factory have lost their five months salary from November 2015 to October 2016 and also their 10 months salary. that is, from June 2020 to November,
The grass withers, the flower falls, because the breath of the Lord blows upon it" Isaiah 40:6-8
In the petition, it was shown that there was a picture of the Aadhar registration process and that there were many people standing in line and violating the rules of the health department.
Immediately, the police and Choudhory bombed and tied them with sticks from their feet and hands.
“To restore understanding, the State Government will hold a meeting with NEPMU at Nongpoh on Tuesday at 12 noon to resolve all the allegations and to ensure that the import of petrol should not stop in Meghalaya. ," said Mr. Coming.
Donshailang Ryntathiang of Hurricane took three wickets while Mosstarjune Thabah of Unity XI tied for 155 runs. Lamphrang Lawriniang of Nongthliew took 10 wickets and the Man of the Series was named Man of the Series for 116 runs and 10 wickets. .
College, Bangalore, Bachelor of Philosophy (Indian & Western) from Vishwa Jyothi Don Bosco College, Warangal-AP and English Literature from Kakatiya University, Telangana.
Therefore, no one has believed in this problem of the residents even after the appeal.
Cricket Lovers Sohra scored 54 runs for the loss of 1 wicket in 9 overs.
These problems and difficulties have been identified by knowledgeable experts and have been identified through a thorough survey.
Health expenditure will increase through the funding of health centers in rural areas as well as strengthening the functioning of Health and Wellness Centers in rural and urban areas.
“The UDP candidate from this constituency should know that there is no provision in the reservation policy regarding the roster system which should not be implemented and the issuance of this roster is due to the law. The High Court has not responded to the request of Bah Adelbert,” said Bah Ardent.
Luti Tuber Ialong beat Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 4-0
The Retirement Benefit Scheme, Medical Reimbursement, Modified Assurance Career Progression Scheme (MACPS) and NPS will not be discussed.
" Unquote Thus, some of the 225 Acts included in the Schedule of Regulation No. 5 of 1952 are the most prominent Acts, 1872, Eastern Bengal. Frontier Regulation, 1873 (ILP), and the Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, 1910.
In Karnataka, the number of cases has risen to four, said Health Minister UB Sriramulu.
Mohammed Khairul Islam, a teacher at Thengsali Khanda Pukhuri Lower Primary School in Marigaon District, has been sentenced to life imprisonment by the Foreigners Tribunal of Marigaon in
We also need to have our own railway station, like the Guwahati Railway Station.
Similarly, in Protestant churches, pastors are the only men to conduct the religious services and there is no share for women.
The third is the most holy of all the tribes.
Bah Shylla stressed on the development of these people with disabilities and to empower them by saying that the state government has launched various programs to enable these people to stand. on their own feet.
You feel that you are doing the right thing but you don't realize that all this comes back and hurts your soul.
On receiving information about the incident, the village authorities immediately rushed to the scene and informed the law enforcement authorities.
Speaking at a meeting chaired by Defense Minister Sushma Swaraj and attended by the Chief Ministers of the five North Eastern States, the Prime Minister said the need for significant preparation for the implementation of the Act East Policy.
Donbok said that the union has requested the Right to Information (RTI) on 20th November, 2022 to get an explanation on the recruitment of police officers. According to the RTI reply, some Police Officers have been transferred to East Khasi Hills District for at least 15 years without being transferred to other districts. district.
Even the money worth about Rs 30,000 was burnt down including the dishes, clothes and all the belongings inside the house.
Shillong: The NPP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that she has estimated that if the constituencies without NPP MLAs, will get only 8,000 votes, along with the votes of The constituencies that have MLAs, it is enough to win the election.
Now when we look at this river we know that for a while we will not be able to see it again as that river that serves us but it will turn into a river like other rivers that have been polluted. Now.
Those who attend classes in Jowai, have to leave the village, because the classes are only two days a month to pay the rent. he went out of the city.
It is here that the woman is not born.
On the other hand, he said that the CM would be stronger if there were 30 states instead of 17 states as they are now and let Telengana be the reason for shaping the states in the country. .
The Daily Observer of Bangladesh has reported that a youth from Bangladesh has been shot dead by Khasi in Companyganj area of ​​Sylhet while he was herding cattle. border village.
Why did Haman do this ? The son of the country meets the cross, Every day like a burning fire.
“The MHA says that the Amendment Bills are in conflict with the laws passed by Parliament because we intend to set up Facilitation Centers or Checkpoints.
“We will give justice to the teachers who have been betrayed and who are now in darkness because of the actions of this government.
Rambrai, March 30: Ka Aicifull K. Muslim, the candidate of the All India Trinamul Congress from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency for the 2023 election, on Saturday visited Mawïamsyiem village, Umriang. Mawïamsyiem and Mawblang Mawïamsyiem, to hold a public meeting in these three villages, where it was also seen that many of the parents including Garo from these villages, who came to listen and Listen to the speech and the invitation of the candidate to support and follow her in this election.
BJP leaders in Shillong have announced that Justine Dkhar and Robinus Syngkon have joined the BJP in New Delhi, but when contacted, they have denied that they have joined the BJP. Jaintia Hills District Council today met BJP President Amit Shah and submitted a petition demanding the lifting of the coal ban in Delhi.
“It is necessary to create special measures to resolve this issue in the next few months and for the sake of continuity, it is necessary to complete this project within five or seven years,” said the order. you are a judge.
Ganold lost again in 2003, when she contested from KHNAM, against Khan from the INC and after that she did not contest again because in 2008, her brother-in-law, u Donkupar Massar IND, who has defeated Bah Khan INC, who has not contested the election immediately after that, as the Nongshken Constituency has also been lost since
“The State Government has always provided assistance for those teams that do not participate in the Olympics, where there is a Muaythai Association on their trip to Thailand, on our part the Government has provided assistance,” he said. said Bah Shakliar, adding that the Government is trying to help as much as it can.
“If the drivers are Khasi or foreigners, if they continue to do so, they will be punished severely,” said the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul. Lyngdoh on 6th November, 2013, accompanied by Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, Director of Social Welfare, Kong CD Lyngwa, Superintendent of Police, BD Marak and other government officials of the district.
To win any struggle, a leader must be able to lead the group either directly or indirectly.
On the other hand, the Integrated Village Cooperative Societies (IVCS) Sohphoh, which has been recognized as a cluster under the Sfurti Scheme of the Government of India, also expressed its success story in its journey as a cluster.
Explanation in Khasi – by SA Kurbah (04.10.18).
“The party will respect the free will of the people and we would like to remind the people that when you vote, one, they should understand, it is the right to vote, second, it is the duty to vote. Thirdly, it is the time for the people to hand over and appoint the rulers and legislators over us for five years,” he said. it shall not be equal to ten peg or peg, forty forty thousand, or one kombor, one shatri, one pliang, one pela, or to be equal to a young pig or a young cow.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC-B) has urged the Meghalaya government to ensure that the Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC) is more efficient in its activities. because this group buys weapons and other illegal activities.
Roy Anthony SDB, Ph.
Our State as everyone says is one of the most peaceful States in the country.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of HANM from Warmawsaw, today raided the bars which came to work in the villages in Warmawsaw area. Nine suspected mynder, who came to work in the area, without proper documents, were arrested.
“They say that we don't have the number, they want to count troin but I want to make it clear that if we don't have the number in the Ïingdorbar we have the number of the people,” he said.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the Legislative Assembly should not pass a resolution against the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) without seeing what is written in the UCC. Conrad said this in the Legislative Assembly on the fourth day of the Synrai Session in response to the Congress' resolution against the implementation of the UCC which was supported by the TMC. Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar.
He said that there are also people who are not Khasi, they take the Khasi race even though their mother and father are not Khasi, there are also paradoh parasnam who have love, sorry that until The jait ka khong also welcome non-Khasis.
NEHU and the King of Thailand have had close relations especially in ASEAN and relations with universities,” he added.
We live in a time of rapid increase in knowledge and increased employment in the pursuit of wealth and other urgent activities.
The District and Session Court has not yet announced when the former officer will be released from jail.
The bodies of the two were found in Ichamati and Dalda.
Medulance, which also has 5G equipped ambulances, will soon be able to provide services to the residents of Meghalaya who need emergency assistance to reach the health centres. across Meghalaya, where earthquakes and heavy rains are frequent.
According to him, the TRC will have to go through many recommendations to the State Government to introduce a new Syllabus and Curriculum along with a textbook which will include many articles relating to the State.
Shillong: The employees of EMRI 108, under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Worker Union, today expressed their anger that after being invited to talk to the Health Minister James PK Sangma, but could not meet him, as he has not yet returned from Delhi.
NASA scientists are observing an asteroid, which contains precious stones and is the size of Wales, and is expected to turn billions of dollars. to every person in the world.
Others who attended the program included Bah HM Shangpliang, Advisor, Education Department, Bah WA Lyngdoh, IAS (Retd) and President of the College. Teacher Education (PGT) among others.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, today met with Bah HS Shylla, CEM of KHADC, to express their opposition to the plan to take over the land in Umtyrnga area. He said that he should not issue NOC to the BSF troops who intend to buy land and set up camp in Umtyrnga area, which falls within the boundary of Raid Marwet in Ri Bhoi.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, RDA Secretary Renikton L Tongkhar said that it was not a meeting to take a firm decision, but a meeting to discuss the political situation in KHADC. “I don't have anything, but we just discussed the situation in the district council and we expressed our dissatisfaction,” said Renikton.
The Book of Daniel says – “Blessed is he who endures 1335 days.
The HNLC has made it clear that it will stand by its decision on the curfew on 1st and 2nd March 2014, although it has said that it will not ban any religious activities.
This is the MDC of Barato, Rio Sten.
By Bah Philip Marwein The pollution and pollution in the North East has been going on for many years now until it has reached the point where the patients have turned into victims.
Shillong, Lber 26: Ka JACATAM has decided to wait until 11th June 2017 for the promise of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to increase the salary of all adhoc teachers in the state by 100 percent as he promised in the House. the meeting is still there.
So far, 128 graduates from Handloom Training Institute, Indian Institute of Handloom Technology and National Institute of Fashion Technology have been employed as Cluster Development Executives and Textile Designers.
He said he had sent his condolences to the family members of the deceased and at the same time, he said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare should be blamed for the incident. responsible for solving the problem.
“Many farmers have stopped harvesting tyrpad leaves from their fields due to the drop in price,” said the farmer.
According to reports, the policeman was injured while shooting and fell to the ground.
“While people who need only a small amount of money have to come three or four times just because of the stinginess of the officers,” he said.
During the inspection, these leaders seized several auto rickshaws which were carrying over the border, besides seized several foreigners, who had just entered the country. Factories that are located in the area and that have not passed through the Screening Centre.
It is to be recalled that the JHTOA has held an indefinite strike since 5th March at Tuber Tahkhniang because the dewbilat factories in Lumshnong, Wahïajer and Thangskai areas from time to time cheat too much. related to the kit.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman, CoMSO, said that the CoMSO will hold a meeting next month to discuss ways to protest against the Indian government's decision on the ILP. The MRSSA Amendment Bill 2020 has been passed to oppose the implementation of the CAA and to ensure that no Bangladeshi has illegally entered India through the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) in Meghalaya.
Without talking to the owner of the shop, it was estimated that the loss has reached lakhs of rupees.
It is also their right to earn a living as much as they can in this largest market of Khasi-Jaintia.
Himalaya Shangpliang said that at present the employees of the 108 department are on strike because the government has not given them the rights they deserve. nothing was done for them.
According to the fixtures, there will be no matches in Group A, Shillong zone and Group D, Tura zone.
Archbishop Dominic Jala SDB, Bishop of Shillong, raised the jubilee flag and Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, was the second chief guest. A memorial stone was unveiled to commemorate the 75th anniversary.
“The people of Sohiong are now wise and will give a good answer in the MLA elections of Sohiong Constituency, after witnessing that the United Democratic Party (UDP) has gone to form a government with the National People's Party. “NPP” said Bah RV Lyngdoh.
Shillong: Regarding the frequent traffic jam which has affected the traffic of the people especially the sick, pregnant women, school children, market dwellers passing through Jowai Amlarem Dawki NH 40E ; The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Amlarem Sub Division, Abhilash Baranwal IAS, on Tuesday sent a letter to the SDO Civil Amlarem Sub Division, Abhilash Baranwal IAS to remove the line of trucks carrying mawshun on the NH from Amtuma to Nongtalang Amsohmeheleng due to the queue of coal trucks has caused this two lane road to be crowded and traffic jam is heavy every day.
“He understands better, mother, what is right and what is wrong,” said the eldest son. “If you don't understand when you grow up, it will be as you want.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma said that only the AITC can contest against the BJP in Meghalaya and not any other party.
The distribution of food items was done without social distancing, said a statement from the Secretary Shnong Ma Dasumar Shylla.
When looking at the situation inside the village, it was seen that it has become one of the rural villages which is located in the lawbah lawsan and it is impossible to imagine that it is a village which is located near the office of the BDO who is not in Umling.
Without customs and traditions, how can we claim our right to identity?
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by Ram Kumar, IAS, Mission Director, National Health Mission, Meghalaya, Dr. KC Ajar, District Medical & Health Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Chief Operating Officer (COO) Hans Foundation, Brig.
The UDP supporters in Mawkyrwat should not be discouraged even though Renikton has left the party but they should think how to strengthen the party, he said.
At the same time, the union would like to express its gratitude to the Lakroh village leaders who were quick to inform the union and to cooperate to expel these khar poi ei from the village.
The meeting was launched by the party's Vice President Allantry F Dkhar and former Nongkrem MLA Lambor Malngiang. She also promised that if she comes to power, her goal will be to be a corruption-free government.
Many of the corruption cases involving government officials do not go like corruption in the education department because the minister is involved and the police do not do anything even though the CBI has found out, said the CSWO in the petition. .
The Investigating Officer (IO) is still on duty.
Bam ia u sying:— Since ancient times, sying has been considered to be the most wonderful plant used in many medicines.
If you choose the wrong one, you will become a rich man.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of Krang Lumpyrdoi Lumdewiong Village together with the VDP Longkmie, after receiving complaints from the residents of Krang Lumpyrdoi Lumdewiong, regarding the forced construction of the village road by a village. I don't have anything to do with Lumpyrdoi. Therefore, the EC cannot accept at all, as it is illegal and strongly condemns this act of violence by VEC Dewlieh Mawrisnai.
The land of Simpieng, the land of God, The land of courage, the land of morality.
We don't have any choice and the only choice now is not to take part in the Lok Sabha elections because we don't benefit.
The PDF was formed in 2017, a few months before the 2018 MLA elections, under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
Anseng said that the kidnapping was not his job, but was planned by other groups, but because they did not want to carry him on a motorcycle, they threw him away. he was kidnapped in his car.
They said that when they tried to inquire about this payment, it is the lowest since 2015 from the doctor in charge of Amlarem PHC. The former Accountant of PHC Amlarem in 2015 and Dr H.Sengmon told them that he is afraid of the Accountant. to request records.
Three years ago, the BJP got 9.63 per cent votes while in 2023, it got 9.33 per cent even though in 2018 it contested only 47 constituencies.
The Government should not hesitate to increase the number of construction projects in New Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 1: The Youth Assembly of the Church of God (Meghalaya & Assam) Nongstoin District-Shillong Group, has invited the youth of the Church in Shillong to attend the Bible Study on the 9th of this month. 10th April 2013.
The installation of the Uptime Center has brought about a change in the services provided.
VPP Leader from Speaker Ardent Millen Basaiawmoit stood up immediately after the Governor started delivering a speech in Hindi on the opening day of the Budget Session of the House.
Only residents of East Jaintia Hills District are eligible to participate.
One of the main objectives of Aspire Meghalaya is to help develop the talents of the youth of the state.
The mother gave birth to her baby inside the car, but shortly thereafter, the baby died and the mother had to be rushed to Holy Cross Hospital, Mairang for safety.
He said that if it is in the law, it is not good, but if it is not, it is not good, because this is not part of the customs and traditions. If there are those who do not agree, it is at the discretion of the village.
One of the dead was an Assamese man working in the Karbi Anglong Forest Guard.
Ronik T Rhythm.
The party will never be able to address issues that affect the country and the nation as a whole but the party will stand with other political parties to take this day as a day to raise awareness. “The 30th November will be the day when Woh Kiang Nongbah has given his life to the entire nation,” he added.
He said that the HPC and all the residents of the area want the government to show by its actions the proposals that they have put before it and not just talk in words. Because this will not reach anywhere but this issue will continue to remain pending from one year to another and those who live in this area will have to face the punishment from the government's violation of the rules. This has affected the livelihood of the shopkeepers in this area.
At present, there are 6 vacant MDC seats in KHADC and one vacant MDC seat.
He also spoke on the development works in Tura after many decades and said that the city of Tura, which has been turned away from development works for many years, has seen a change in many villages.
The Grahak Seva Mahotsav is one of the services of Tata Motors where the vehicles will be inspected for any defects in the vehicles produced or manufactured by the factory. , this service car owners do not have to pay anything.
Bah Macmillan Byrsat also found that the reason is that these areas do not have adequate safety measures to avoid the flooding and flooding of the water. The Executive Engineer (EE) of the Water Resource Department has been sent a letter to the Water Resource Department to take action to protect these rice fields so that it will help the farmers of the area.
In Mawlynnong, each household has the responsibility to clean its own house and its surroundings.
Shillong, July 28 : The Jaiaw Pdeng Women's Union together with the Jaiaw Pdeng Dorbar Shnong, have expressed their deep sorrow and condemnation over the assault on two students from Kerala at Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital, This happened on the 24th of this month.
The JNC Western Zone led by Bah Leo Ferdinand Dhar has sent a letter to the BSF on 11th June regarding the attack on a Veterinary Officer at Muktapur in Amlarem Block. The President of WZ on 12th June visited Muktapur.
It has Cardiac Monitors, two Portable SPO Monitors and other facilities including an ICU room to transport patients,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
Shillong, Lber 5: The Deputy Inspector General of Police (TAP) on Tuesday said that the door is still open for the peace talks of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
The incident happened at 7 pm this evening, when a commercial vehicle (ML 10 A 6962) which was on its way to Shillong collided with a truck. The number AS 01 EC 4133 is still parked on the road.
This behavior was not only against the teacher, but also against other young girls.
It is for this reason that the MLAs only visit once in a while the villages in their constituency and do not stay overnight because of the peace and order in the street house in Shillong. .
Sister Sabina Mawiong, Headmistress of the school, today lodged a complaint at the Nongstoiñ Police Station.
Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin said that as individuals or as groups, we cannot say that we want to achieve victory and fame in all the activities we have to do.
This is just a small example of the corruption scandal that has become a real threat to the country and the nation.
The Government has also directed the people to be clean and avoid especially in places where there is water as the species of pyrjong that cause the disease live in these areas.
The cleanliness drive which started at 11 pm was attended by male and female students of NIPS Hotel Management including staff, Bah Damiano. DC Malngiang, Lecturer and Simang Basumatary, Center Head of NIPS Hotel Management.
Shillong: At 11.58 pm today; there was an earthquake of a few minutes; in Meghalaya and parts of Myanmar and the North East as a whole.
thus chapters and verses were begun to be introduced into the Word of God in 1227 AD by the Archbishop of Canterbury by the name of Stephan Langton.
SURE has conducted the training in four border villages namely Nongtalang, Amlarem, Darang and Nongbareh.
However, these three states now have their own universities and NEHU has nothing to do with these states.
He said that in the fight, he suffered injuries to his hands and body and also his clothes were torn.
“There is no point in going to workshops or exhibitions, we only get food, transportation – but our information has been bought back,” said Bah Donbor.
They should stand up like the people of Baikan, where even the women have stood up against the people of Assam.
The Directorate was informed that the college has issued only a few application forms to the students who wish to study B.Ed for the term 2023-2
Timing of the DTO counter.
He said that in 2021, we will strive to implement the resolutions passed in the Legislative Assembly such as the Inner Line Permit, the MRSSA Amendment Bills and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the list. the Constitution.
Something.
On the other hand, while explaining the allegation by the UDP that the NPP has taken advantage of the FOCUS scheme, the Minister said that this scheme has been running for two years and is no longer a scheme. still new.
Shillong, July 22 : The Meghalaya Indigenous Minority Tribes' Forum (MIMTF) has demanded that the State Government should not allocate 15% of the Job Reservation Policy to them. the state.
Regarding the increase in the price of petrol and diesel, the drivers of commercial vehicles in Shillong said that in the past the price of petrol was only 69 tyngka but now it has increased to 99.28 tyngka in which they said that they have no concern at all about the increase in the price of petrol by only 5 tyngka because since the outbreak of Covid-19 has affected their income.
Shillong: A collision occurred on the Shillong-Balat-Ranikor road today.
The confusion has also arisen from the party's headquarters – in Nongstoin and Mawthadraishan constituencies.
The Union under the leadership of Jerry A Suting, Gena Nengnong Vice President and Assistant General Secretary, would like to express their gratitude and appreciation to the Director and staff of PM POSHAN. To improve the payment system, the union has called a meeting on 22/12/23 at the think tank of the state education department to express its gratitude and respect for this failure to improve the payment system. Cook cum assistant PM POSHAN State.
“This is because the government has not done anything,” said Basu Chakraborty, spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The meeting of the MUA government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma has made it clear that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) will not be implemented as demanded by the political parties.
Only now the government has tried to enforce this law and has faced difficulties.
In the years before there was light electricity, people used light bulbs and small lights to illuminate the night.
She said the government does not want to rush this issue because the issue is very serious.
Nongpoh: The 31st Anniversary of the Ri-Bhoi District will be celebrated on the 5th of this month. The day of Ri Bhoi is celebrated as the day of God.
No deposit of more than 50,000/- is allowed.
The new price will come into force from today afternoon and the price is exclusive of VAT. In Delhi, petrol will cost T.72.43 tyngka from today afternoon. The price is T.71.52 tyngka.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of PWD Building, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, said that according to the rules, up to 40% of the land has been handed over. and this is the new package.
Company Commander, B-Coy, 4th Bn.
It is learned that the suspect is from Mawlong village, Nongtluh, about 28 kilometers from Nongpoh.
There have been 492 new cases in the past hours, bringing the total number of cases to 2,948, the Directorate General of Health Services said in a statement today.
Do you know whether these protesters go to the Rangbah Shnong of their villages? And do you understand why you need a rangbah or a sordar?? They should also understand why the KHADC needs to register them.
I want to ask one question, is it true that we who have been baptized, should be baptized again? I want clarification on this baptism twice...please explain to me.
The match between FAM and Psyih Cultural was very friendly as they scored 2-2 goals by the end of the match.
He said that Krai is a strong plant and does not die from diseases or climate change.
Police said that the incident was first discovered by NHIDCL employees and the investigation is ongoing to arrest the perpetrators.
According to Shibun, the two parties have not yet reached an agreement although the NPP has not yet announced its candidate, while the UDP has already announced its candidate along with the HSPDP and others.
This will be the first time in the history of the state in terms of living root architectures.
He said that their ability to accomplish all the tasks and provide everything is only due to the working together as a team under the leadership of the Prime Minister as the top leader.
I'm looking at these.
She said that the state government has sent the requests of these households from the metor area, and the government has also agreed to expand the land for the construction of the houses. shed.
“God is the Creator of the world.
The video was posted online to show the public and to urge them to take care of their vehicles as there have been many incidents of vehicle collisions in the Parish parking lot.
This is part of what God has purposed for eternity. Let us continue as long as God is able.
However, these organizations said that they will continue to seek more details, as the Syiem of Marwet has also sold many land in the area.
Shillong, Nailar 13: U MDC of Jaiaw constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the KHADC's failure to participate in the constituency division is just a drama. it was however made to suspect that there was something behind it.
Shillong: Shillong Cricket Association A (SCA) took a lead of 74 runs against SCA-B at the end of the first day of the Zone 1 of the U-23 Men's Inter-District Tournament held at Nongpoh.
On Saturday, Lumdiengjri Police Station arrested the chowkidar from his residence, which is located on the ground floor of the church, on a complaint filed by the elders of Mawkhar Presbyterian for his involvement in the theft. or misuse of Church funds, amounting to 3klur 26lak 90 thousand tyngka which is donation money and other types of Church funds to carry out the activities of the Church.
(John 19:26) (b) The Roman soldiers did not know why the crowd brought Jesus to be crucified.
Therefore, it is up to us the people every five years to elect these leaders.
Nangbah Ïawmusiang beat Mosyiem Shangpung 2-0 in the 1st Division Football Tournament for the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy
Russia has deployed up to 130,000 troops on Ukraine's border in recent months and US intelligence agencies say this shows that the invasion of Ukraine is long is well established.
The garbage dump is not an election campaign”.
After the residents of Shallang area, saw this distrust of the Shallang police who came to see the incident, the residents were angry and came out to beat up these three men. Police but could not find him anymore as they fled to one of the places of Dasar village in Shallang area, and after that the people blocked the Shallang road by burning the tires of the vehicles. in the middle of the road in Shallang Market.
The three-day CM State Level Inter School Athletic Meet organized by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government, which started on 31st June, has come to an end on 2nd July. STC NEHU, Mawlai Umshing, Sports Authority of India, Mawlai Umshing.
“At present, many of those who have come to discuss the Trading License to submit the application for renewal, we will know after a while as we have just received it,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Criticizing the UDP and HSPDP for including the Reservation Policy in their manifesto but not saying anything, “Look at all the political parties that are not ethnic parties have included this issue but don't say anything. “As I used to say, they promise to the people and they are parties that are only there to contest elections and not to solve the problems of the people,” he said.
The President of the group, Dilip Kumar Sharma and General Secretary, LL Anand, said that they have taken this step because they want to get their salary through the 7th Pay Commission. all the benefits or allowances due to them.
On the same day, the army also paid tribute to all those freedom fighters and all those who had a hand in writing the Constitution of India.
Donbok said that if the youth candidates do not come out to demand, the party cannot do anything because the party is only a supporter of their demand from the government.
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi, the President of the country, Droupadi Murmu has awarded the state the title of Best Performing States to fully implement the JJM (Jal Jeevan). Mission) in the country.
PWD Minister Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in his speech said that engineers are the tool to bring about change.
“For your information, during these six months we have faced many challenges which we should not have faced but for the sake of peace and harmony, in the Executive Committee, the Council, the district and the state itself. altogether, we accept and continue to tolerate all these factors and continue to cooperate as directed," the letter said.
He said that if the existence of the CHC Sohiong has not benefited the people of the area and the existence of this CHC is only to waste the money of the people, there is no point in having this CHC. CHC. He urged the State Government to provide doctors, nurses and all the necessities at CHC Sohiong as it does at other CHCs and if the Government cannot provide the necessities the union will have to. to close down the CHC on any day.
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) will hold a trial for the boys and girls on the 10th and 11th of November at Ladsutnga Dkhiah East Stadium.
In this regard, Ashwin has now taken over the position of England batsman James Anderson who has held the position for a long time.
During the inspection with the CCIB leaders, Rangbah Shnong, land owners and others from Lyngkhat to Dawki, the CEM of KHADC found that the fundamental rights of the residents of these areas have been violated by the Government. .
On the other hand, the Organizing Secretary of the KSU, Samla Lester Nongbet said that the KSU will not accept these acts of violence against these foreign workers. The Seng will stand on the basis of not allowing foreigners to come to work or work without proper documents and in case of any tragic incident such as murder, theft or you don't have to take the responsibility.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawroh on Saturday opened a footpath and a bridge to facilitate the women who walk to carry their clothes to the river in the village. .
“The Government has selected the company from Uttar Pradesh only because it has a low price.
He said these NPP MLAs will contest from other political parties and not from the AITC because our party is not a party that forces MLAs of others.
The Deputy Commissioner also confirmed that they will be enrolled in schools in Ampati for special training.
When asked whether the people who looted the pumps were carrying AK-47 rifles, the Prime Minister said, “It is not easy to get AK-47 rifles and the investigation is ongoing.
While the central government is allocating resources, it is also up to the state governments to ensure that the money is used properly to see that change.
This is after the state government has allowed the opening of liquor shops yesterday, but it was found that the people who went to buy liquor did not follow the orders of the department. but they have gathered together which has brought trouble to the whole state.
The earthquake, which struck on Tuesday, measured 6.8 on the Richter scale and shook about 72 kilometers or 45 miles of the entire Southwest region and all the villages in the area. The Atlas Mountains were destroyed by the earthquake that day.
Once it is with us throughout life, we are happy and content even though we are poor in wealth.
Umsning-Nongpoh Taxi Drivers have won the Umsning Tourist Taxi Football Tournament by defeating Umsning Auto Taxi Drivers. Truck to 3-2.
However, as soon as they get claims, they come and sit like crowns to grow faster.
Heavy and small vehicles, when they reach this road, have to slow down and drive slowly, because, if it goes wrong, it can damage the vehicles completely.
It is clear that the low price of baikali has led to a decrease in the price of alcoholic beverages.
She is also part of the 2016 Olympic team in Rio and a member of the team that reached the quarterfinals of the 2018 Women's World Cup in London.
In all respects without thew tarajur.
Satan was able to tempt man from the Garden of Eden, but he could not tempt Jesus. Satan was defeated by Jesus when he tried to tempt him.
Shillong: After four years of non-payment of wages worth billions of rupees, the employees and suppliers of the JUD Cement Ltd at Wahiajer East on Wednesday protested against the strike. Jaintia Hills District has shut down the dewbilat factory.
Shillong, November 19: The strike by the SSA teachers under the banner of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers' Association (AMSSASTA) will continue as scheduled against the government's salary discrimination. Order no MEG/SSASMAM/FIN/19/2009/118-A, dated 31st March 2016, the Government has divided the salary of SSA teachers in the state between Those who have completed the requirements according to the NCTE Norms ie those who have scored 45% in Class XII and those who have completed Training De.
The retired Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that the lack of jobs is the reason why the youth have to work for a salary of only 3000 or 5000 tyngka per month.
Lakhon Dkhar (18) and Trei Shylla (41) scored both the goals in the first half.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The State Government has urged the Central Government to continue to implement the Border Area Development Program (BADP) in the state.
“We really need to bring about change and I also appeal to all the old members that if there is any task that has been assigned we will work hard together,” said the new president. have a target to complete the construction of the party headquarters as soon as possible.
It is not new.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 30: In order to guide the youth to know where to go after their studies and especially to encourage them to progress in their studies, the Ri-Bhoi Socio Economic and Youth Development Society ( RSEYDS) today decided to conduct a Career Guidance Program at Little Flower School Mawbri.
The mass protest against unemployment is right, but it has been covered up by rioters who beat up people on the streets including journalists.
When asked why he came alone, Harkin said he came through the empowerment of the authorities behind him. Besides Drola, those on his side are Em Khongjoh, Instar Warjri and other senior Congress leaders from Mawkynrew.
The residents of Umroi Nongrah, Ri Bhoi District, have expressed their deep sorrow over the violence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Baiateilang Lapang, who has decided to sell the land of the village without their knowledge. .
I left the party because they don't have a candidate in 2018, but they gave ticket to someone who has never been with the UDP and we have been going for years how can I stop and if they give I will support the UDP candidate,” he said.
“We have arrested a fourth person today in connection with the bomb blast.
The Waheh Shnong, Ma Womly Chyrmang, admitted that he had violated the rules of the EC and promised to continue to cooperate with the Shnong especially the residents.
Then Kiang arrested him and took his wife and children, but the wife and children were killed later.
Later in the final of Lightweight 57-60kg, Services defeated Railways through Akash who defeated Varinder Singh.
The FKJGP recently sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to remind him of the demands made since 2012 which the Minister also acknowledged the need to improve all the health centres. haka state.
Orendro who has been able to do this great work and which is also one of the great treasures of Sakwang village, because in this book it is written to remember the events of ancient times.
He said that today he has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police (DGP) for clarification.
However, the waiter who had shot him sent his friends to the hotel to shoot the waiter.
He said that tomorrow, NESO will hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
He recalled that the project at Mawphlang has received an allocation of T.193.79 crore through JNNURM for the replacement of all the water pipes but till now this work has not been completed.
He added that they have already identified the polling stations which have not caused any problems and which have not taken the necessary measures.
“We are a democratic country, how dare you do this, even Lord Macaulay would not dare to arrest you without an order.
Shillong: The residents of Brichyrnot village, East Jaintia Hills, in a meeting with the media, said that the village together with other neighboring villages, have supported the Star Cement's plans to mine coal in this village on an area of ​​42.051 hectares.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the government has selected two ksiang to lead the peace talks between the two sides. The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) and the central government.
Bernard was arrested on 26th November from Hapur District Uttar Pradesh after he tried to escape after police raided his house and rescued four children and arrested 73 people. old men and women.
Shillong: The robbery of robbers inside the market has increased day by day, this morning, 9th June 2024, the Syiem Police who used to patrol the market, have arrested two persons. The people who carried the knives that had been packed inside the newspaper were suspected to be the thieves.
These 25 ambulances were purchased from GVK/EMRI in Uttar Pradesh and were delivered through 108 Emergency Medical Transport Services, UP (East) in Uttar Pradesh.
In the second match, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu drew 0-0 with SC Nonglatem.
Dulong SC beat Khliehiongriang 1-0 in the First Division Football Tournament (WJDSA) held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
In the last two years, drugs worth Rs 75 crore have been seized during 2022.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O., (Supply) by writing clearly their name and village so that they shall not be punished.
When asked whether she has any intention to contest because she has been expelled from the HSPDP, Fenela replied that she has not been informed of her expulsion from the HSPDP. She said that on the 3rd of this month she had sent a letter of apology to the President of the HSPDP West Khasi Hills District, Bah KP Pangniang. now she says she hasn’t received a response.
Mookaswan Dongwah scored the first goal in the 29th minute.
Jowai: After the confusion over the selection and appointment of a Pandit or Wamon (Barman) to perform the rituals at the famous Durga Temple which has been in existence for more than 500 years; The DC of West Jaintia Hills District today convened a special meeting between the two leaders of Nartiang Village in the presence of the SP and Adl.
He was also a choir teacher who had a good voice.
The foundation stone of the college was laid by former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma in 2017 and was allocated at a cost of T.36.55 crore.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a mother who went for treatment at the CHC said that she arrived at the Emergency Since 8 pm and no doctor came to treat her. son of i.
According to SP Traffic Bikram D. Marak, 30 years old, the suspect surrendered to the police at 1 pm and was arrested and detained for further investigation.
After learning a lot from the Portuguese coach, Stevanovic joined Serie B Torino in
“As of today, two days before the state assembly, there are 23 government ministers and MLAs who have tested positive for covid-19,” said Amarinder Singh, Chief Minister of Punjab.
However, the Bapli ancestors, who did not know the beginning and the end and the original reason, called and named sub-tribes instead of those words which were only words used by their ancestors.
Upon hearing the news, those on Twitter, responded with rude comments and rude remarks against the President of the United States and many of them wanted Trump to die.
On the other hand, the District Authorities of Hamren West Karbi Anglong, Devajyoti Hazarika, DC West Karbi Anglong, Mansing Rongpi, MLA Singhason Constituency, Mansing Rongpi, MLA Singhason Constituency, EM from KAAC, police chiefs from Karbi Anglong and senior government officials from various government departments of Karbi Anglong.
The members of the union also found that those who walk on foot have to cross the forest paths on the other side of the road. I don't know why, because the road is covered with water, and those who walk on foot find it difficult to walk on the water.
He took this decision a day after the United Democratic Party (UDP) met and decided to demand from the BJP and the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to punish Sanbor according to the law. Metbah Lyngdoh as Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly and also as President of the UDP. He also briefed the Lamphang on the decisions taken by the UDP at the MLA meeting today.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) has continued until Saturday.
Speaking at a meeting to join the NPP from the PDF on Saturday at the NPP office in Lachumiere, Banteidor said, “We joined because we trust under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and also The two Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, have been elected as winners and we will not have to contest elections again.
The arrested are Birendro Debnath, 20, Sumon Dutta, 20, Babla Acharjee, 29, and Ponil Das,
Ed which makes you eligible to apply for this teaching position.
According to the report, in 2018-19, the average income of agricultural households in Meghalaya was T.29,348 per month, while that of agricultural households in Punjab earned T.29,348 per month. you earn about T.26,701 per month.
India has always been known as a country of “Unity in diversity”, but where will the UCC be established? that it has made it to this point.
Chanang tied for 19 runs without losing a wicket.
It is now clear that the head office in Shillong has been completed.
They will serve as full members of the NEC in Shillong.
He asked the BJP whether the souls of the people in the North East are worthless.
The registration if any will be held on the 21st June until 5 pm.
However, the problem they face is because they don't have the money to beautify the place and for that reason they don't even dare to declare it as a tourist destination.
A digital display (similar to a calculator) registers the unit, and each month, the meter reader will show how much you have used.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District today called a meeting at Nongpoh to clarify the incident which happened on the 15th March KSU NKHD has arrested the police of Umiam Police Station.
The comments were not clear.
However, they don't understand this insult and humiliation.
The laying of seven foundation stones at once is unprecedented and may be a record in the history of the PWD department. The foundation stone laying ceremony was held at Mihmyntdu.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is in charge of the Urban Development Department, said that the Government has already submitted the blueprint on the proposal to the HPC. responses by June 10, 2023.
Figo scored the first goal in a throw of 55.78m.
Spiton recalled that in 1976, during the Congress meeting in Guwahati, Assam, it built two houses of Indira Gandhi, known as, like Indira Guest House No.1 and No.2.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to the PHE officers for their hard work from the Chief Minister. The scheme in Nongpoh is the goal of the Central Government and the State Government to provide water to the people with the aim of reaching every household.
Jowai, Naitung 04: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The reservations should be changed so that these Garo can get more.
On this occasion, the MLA said that he brought up this issue because the water is used every day by the residents.
At the same time, he said that plastic bags should be used with microns size so that they can be reused.
When inquired, the traders said that they intended to smuggle these cows to Shillong and other places but the latest news received by the union is that they intend to smuggle these cows to Bangladesh. Shillong and other places in the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
A case was filed against Bagchi at Burtolla Police Station on Thursday for allegedly speaking against the Prime Minister.
He accused the UPA government of increasing foreign trade and discriminating against foreigners especially the poor and protecting the rich.
“We have met Amit Shah again and demanded his release,” he said.
If the fever lasts for many days, months, months, it is malaria.
The stadium has also hosted the Tura Football League and the Subroto Cup since its construction.
He said that they have found this illegal activity from time to time and due to the lack of money of this officer, trucks carrying more than the weight they should have escaped from passing in front of the office or check point. u and these trucks are driving on the highway.
Therefore, if these MLAs are only trying to distribute tar by spending from the scheme that has not been allocated by the Government, it will be useless because the poor families need income to survive.
This decision was taken because it is a difficult job and it is necessary to complete the physical training.
Shillong: On the other side of the Kupli River, which is only 8 kilometers from the Meghalaya border, the coal mining is going smoothly as usual without any interruption.
She also informed the Secretary, Telecommunications to write an affidavit and the state government to seek information before the hearing.
Bah Bareh died of his injuries that evening, police said.
Speaking to Mawphor, Sanjay Das said, “The Congress has already discussed the issue of giving the ticket to Bah JA Lyngdoh and the registration of members will be held on the 7th.
The Government and the District Council should work hard against these two or three criminals, by investigating and arresting them within the provisions of the law.
The Sr.
Shillong, June 05: The load shedding by the Electricity Department of the State, has not only caused trouble and anxiety to the people, but has also been an opportunity for the thieves who are trying to steal. electricity to do their jobs.
Turn off gas cylinders and stoves after use and follow the instructions on how to use and turn them off.
Shillong: U Ankur Das, who has just passed the UPSC 2021, who has reached the 52nd rank, has expressed his gratitude to the people of the state for their congratulations. He said that he is pleased with the expression of love of the people for him.
“Those at home will learn how to treat this disease, which is very serious.
Regarding the milk production, they said that due to the lack of food supply and medicines, the milk production is 16 liters from 2 and 3 cows.
Kadei is the one who cranes with me.
In the women's category, Thadan Sports Club won the cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy while the runner-up won T.5,000 and a trophy.
It was around 8:30 pm that these elephants reached the residence of Amin/Raibak Rabha and stabbed him to death, police said.
At present, the stranded people are told to stay where they are and not to leave the house.
He said this decision was taken at a meeting between the DC, the Superintendent of Police (SP) and the Magistrates on Tuesday.
In the men's category, Mightyson Nonglang won in the 48 kg category for 14-15 years, Blaseibok Kharbuli in the 45 kg category for the 16-17 category, Alfred Watklet Riahtam in the 42 kg category, Babit Kharsahnoh in the 45 kg category and Dauni Nongrum in kg.
On the 5th, a seminar was held on the topic “Nature, God's Creation, Take Care of It” where Rev.Dr.HCT Sumer as a resource person spoke on many useful topics. to the audience, which included church members, teachers and school children in Mynso.
The Seng, today under the leadership of the President of the Seng, Samla Ribokstar Diengdoh, submitted a petition to demand the establishment of check gates for foreigners who come to Sohra after the incident. The incidents have shocked the residents of the area.
Manthan Gupta (4/20), Silgrim B. Marak (2/24) and Ben Haden N. Marak (2/48) took two wickets each.
Bombs shall not be allowed to be thrown in public places.
The Beginning of the Pomblang Festival After the closure of the Ing Sad, on the day of the Shyllong Market, all the Duhulia came to stay at the Ing Sad.
Because Tangmar was a merchant, he had to leave Tongsoh in the care of Jumreit.
The EGH DCC leaders alleged that Deborah has never sought any assistance from the DCC and this is one of the reasons for her defeat.
Dawyoo Lyngdoh, who is studying BSc 5th Semester, received 634 votes while Samson Rymbai received 449 votes.
Application of laws to United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District – The Governor of Assam may, by notification in the Official Gazette, direct that any of the laws specified in the Schedule annexed to this Regulation, as amended up-to-date, shall extend to , and have effect, in so many areas of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District which were known as the Khasi States immediately before the commencement of the Constitution of India, or part thereof, hereinafter referred to as “the said areas", and for this purpose different areas and different dates may be specified for different laws: Provided that such laws in their application to the said areas shall be subject to the same exceptions or modifications as they are subject to in the rest of the areas of the said United Khasi -Jaintia Hills District.3.
In November 2006, Julian Assange and his team, known as wikileaks.org, released years of information on the activities of the US Government and other countries, especially in relation to wars and other political affairs of countries in the world.
Fr James was seriously injured when his Tata Nano collided with a truck on 14th July 2018 at Umsaw Nongkharai, Ri Bhoi District.
According to Angela Rngad, the High Court has fixed tomorrow for the hearing of the case and the decision of the Court will be awaited.
Shillong, Lber 29: Mawlai SC have won their first win of the season in the Shillong Premier League Division 2023-24 after beating Langsning FC beat Langsning FC by 1 goal on Friday at the SSA Ground, Polo.
They are all from Dewsaw and Bisilo Rodborne, 37, from Tynger.
The land acquisition by the government authorities such as the army and others who occupy land adjacent to the urban areas has caused a lot of problems to the people in these days because when it was for the purpose of expansion. The market has been improved and the roads have been improved but it cannot be said that because many of the land has been lost.
The One Nation One Ration Card Campaign (ONORC) scheme to help ration consumers to buy food items at government ration shops will start in Thadlaskein and Laksein Block of West Jaintia Hills District.
To say that you have been charged with a crime against a police officer is completely wrong.
He said that this Kñia Pyrthat is part of the relationship between the Saw langdoh, the relationship with the Jowai District Administration and the relationship to receive the blessings from the 'Syiem Pyrthat' provider of religious services.
"Janice was born in Shillong and most of the stories she has written have come from this area. , was first published in a magazine called 'The Caravan' where the newspaper did not see in Kong Janice “her great talent as a writer.
The water is clean and warm.
He said he had met the DMO, Jowai to discuss the rejection of the challans of the coal traders and requested the DMO to expedite the sending of the challans to the Directorate of Mineral Resources for certification. on Thursday.
CHAPTER – 7SOIL EROSION Soil erosion is one of the most important subjects for the farmer to understand.
East Garo Hills SP JFK Marak said the attack was related to the GNLA attack in Negkhra in the past few months.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Seng Khasi Mylliem, in a statement today, has clarified that there was no peace agreement between the Seng Khasi Mylliem and the Mylliem Dorbar Shnong, Madan Iing Syiem.
In the past years, when the Congress was strong and in power, those ethnic parties like the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) and others, It doesn't matter whether it is led by the Chief Minister of Khasi Jaintia Hills or the Chief Minister of Garo Hills.
and the female was separated from the ram, according to the male and female.
“We have seen through the media that the government has accepted the ordinance.
Only Dr. FA Khonglam has been in power for more than 10 years as Chief Minister (IND).
Sources said that on Tuesday several MLAs like Robinus Syngkon, Stephan Mukhim and Justine Dkhar will resign from the Congress party.
However, the FKJGP's raid was stopped by the Police Department.
Jowai, Nailar 26 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today.
There is currently a Guwahati-Dhaka bus that runs once a day through Dawki in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The General Meeting of the Higher Secondary Adhoc Teachers, will be held on the 12th October 2022, at 10 am at the Synod Higher Secondary School.
At present, there is a strong demand for beef, pork, chicken and fish in our Meghalaya market but it cannot be supplied.
When asked about the sudden death of the girl, Kong Phlin Ronghang, said, “I can't imagine that my daughter will die, because on Saturday morning at 9 pm I was able to talk to her. “It's my conversation with my daughter, she speaks happily and she told me that she is in good health”.
On the road to Soh Plom, Kong Silvia Mylliem Umlong, one of the residents of Umthlong, congratulated and expressed her gratitude to the MLA for fulfilling her dream, which has been going on for decades. I wanted this road and finally under the leadership of MLA Bah PT Sawkmie they were able to open it.
In another incident, thousands of day laborers gathered at Banda in Mumbai and intended to return home due to the extension of the curfew. continues until 3rd January
The handshake to remove three MLAs from three constituencies on the 30th of this month, after the death of three former MLAs, has shocked everyone, except those who have no feelings. .
After completing the tests and taking several families, it was found that there was a Garo girl aged 21-22 years old who came to work in Lumshyiap,” he said. said the Village Headman.
“There is a truth that we have been the same since 40 years ago.
When the MDC, Police Chiefs and Magistrate Ri Bhoi, arrived at the village, they tried to talk to each other and maintain peace and order in the village and in the end, an agreement was reached.
“As the government, we should have said that this is a hereditary issue and we will continue our work as it is but we feel that we need to investigate the root cause of these problems. all the problems arise,” Sangma said.
In her speech, the President said she is pleased with the increase in investment in the development of urban areas.
According to the notification of PIA. 15/2018/33 On 6-3-2019, the Government has appointed Gagaan Jain as Vice Chairman of the State Government Program Implementation & Monitoring Committee (SGPI&MC) in the rank of category B.
“We women members of the BJP cannot accept such incidents which are now only the signatories in many Congress ruled states.
Shillong, March 23: The BJP has nominated Bah Smenlang Kyndait as its candidate for the mid-term MDC elections from 7 War-East constituencies in the JHADC. This was confirmed by the President of the party, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh in the presence of party leaders.
“If the CAB becomes law, crores of Bangladeshis and other countries will smuggle into the state and the North East as a whole and it will affect the citizenship of our minorities,” he said. The JSU leaders said they strongly oppose the attempt to recruit foreigners from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan who are Hindus, Sikhs, Parsis, Buddhists and Christians.
This was announced by BAM President Bah Esron Marweiñ after opening a meeting of beef vendors from the market, Mawlai and other parts of Shillong and outside the city.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The Greater Laban Community Development Society (GLCDS) has lodged an FIR against Manas Chauduri for allegedly misusing the MLA scheme for the year 2005-2
FKJGP leaders who met with the doctor on the need to improve the hospital and it needs to be upgraded to the necessary PHC.
“We have worked together as a family to complete this museum in only nine months since it started in November last year.
K Lalrosanga (47 min) and Rohlupuia (51 min) scored the second goal.
“By shifting the government's operations to Tura, Shillong will be able to become more crowded, and this will help to improve and preserve the beauty of both places,” he said. At the same time, she said that the establishment of the second capital in Tura will help to improve the rule of law.
Shillong: The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, Shillong, has been closely monitoring the spread of Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in cattle across the country.
There is no need to play from the center.
They said that the tit can be eaten from the ground but they should know whether it is bad or good.
He is the youngest of nine siblings, the son of Bah Stoling Iawphniaw and Khrinlina Jyrwa from Diskiang village. Nongstoin and Rambra Constituency.
On the other hand, Bah Lambor, after consultation with the owner of the land, health officers and village leaders, said that the Center will be opened before the end of April. 2022 and urged the authorities in charge of the department to resolve as soon as possible these issues that have delayed the opening of the Centre.
, Mawiong and from 19th June, 2021 at 2nd MLP Bn.
The meeting discussed various requirements for the successful holding of the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon.
Besides that, but God knows how this Khasi people live in a way of giving birth to their mothers, in which when talking to some non-Khasi people they express how much they suffer to get such is the privilege of the Khasi in their society.
Ampareen said that when the CM goes around and does not take any decision on the demands of the state, as the state government has no responsibility for the country and the people, Ampareen said she had no information when the Sengbhalang met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah on Saturday. She questioned why the Chief Minister of the state has not confirmed the demand of the Sengbhalang.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has strongly criticized the statement of former Governor RS Mooshahary on the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) and the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
The STF arrested the suspect from his residence in Dakhingaon, Hatigaon, Guwahati.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The State Youth Wing of the Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has met with the Chief Secretary, Y.S. .Tsering today.
Yes, there is a protest but in our area, by the grace of God, there has been no incident and we are in the midst of protection.
We are grateful to all those who have done good.
He recalled that on 22nd November, 2014 he together with the MDC of Mawhati and together with the people had marched to shut down the company but he expressed his surprise and alleged that The MDC of Mawhati who is now the EM of Trade has misled the people.
Shillong: U Bring Lyngdoh, a youth, has lost his life after being shot dead by unidentified persons in Mawdwar village, Shillong on Tuesday night. Ribhoi District.
Superintendent of Police, Ringrang TG Momin said that 11 of the 20 passengers of the vehicle sustained serious injuries and were admitted to Ampati. Nine persons were taken to Tura Civil Hospital and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh has rejected the allegation by the PDF that money has been used too much in the mid-term elections in Shella.
The complaint is also against Bah Charles Langrin for taking pictures of the Sordar and Asst Secretary of Mawbuit Village as well as the civil society and women's organizations. The meeting was held on the 9th of this month at 2PM. He will leave to the rebel groups to send the release of those who have been photographed. Langrin said that he should delete these photographs.
At the end of the road, you fall into the banse.
Shistita, Sangriang, from Nongsba Village, West Khasi Hills District, has been missing since the 2nd of July.
The leaders of these four organizations, praised the leaders of Ri Lum Jaintia who opposed the government's plan to hand over to foreign companies one of the power plants in the area.
The children selected from our state are FRANCIS RR Songthiang in the 60kg category and Ribhalin Marbaniang, son of Anita Songthiang, Laitkor, Mon. Lawankmen Nongbri, daughter of Leverson Kharnando, Lawsohtun Block, will compete in the 52KG category. -4, and Lorenza Songthiang, daughter of Anita Songthiang, Laitkor, Mon, in the 54kg category.
Other wicket-takers included Bijon Dey (4/29) and Himan Phukan (3/17).
The Kur Phawa Siangshai has requested those who are eligible to receive the award to send their names and marksheets to the Education Secretary by WhatsApp at
During the visit, Mawphor found that several shops selling jhur and other items have started using jhur on the shelf and many people have started paying for it. and he brought his clothes.
Our nation, which is only a symbol, has turned into a destruction only because of the schemes of the Phrohjyndem who do not claim to be scholars, intellectuals, intellectuals, great warriors like the Kohkarang. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Executive Committee of the Khasi District Council (KDC) has summoned 53 Chief Executive Members of the Khasi District Council (KDC) to hold a discussion on the state of the Khasi District Council. They also discussed the demand for Inner Line Permit of the Sengbhalang.
Before announcing the holiday, a warning was received from the Head of the school.
When we have the teachings, it means that we have no need and we will not allow anyone to destroy our lives and the foundation.
In the men's category, Black Memba beat Mawlai Nongpdeng “B” by 89-70 baskets while in the women's category, Shillong Labet beat Mawlai Nongpdeng “B” by 89-70 baskets. Youth Association scored 55-25 baskets.
The UDP has formed the EC in collaboration with the NPP as they did in the MDA I and MDA 2 governments.
Shillong, July 14: The Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) on Saturday signed a memorandum of understanding with SpiceJet to launch flights from Shillong to Delhi.
“Whoever turns around will turn around,” said Badariti.
Places of worship/church in containment zones will remain closed.
“We don't blame anyone here but just for example, what is sad is that many teachers have taught for many years especially when there were no teachers in those schools. “It's not the full contract teachers who have agreed to provide education to them but now they're going to dismiss us”.
He says, “He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth up the rich out of the dunghill, that he may set them with princes, and with his people. " Psalm 113:7
The coronavirus has infected more than 2 million people and killed 1.3 lakh people worldwide, according to Johns Hopkins University.
However, the surprising thing is that when the months of water shortage come, the people accuse and criticize the government for not being able to provide drinking water.
Dawandapura Pathaw scored seven goals in the 10th, 15th, 22nd, 28th, 68th and 85th minutes.
The festival attracted more than 240 employees and their families to do sports that required teamwork, there were also groups or Passion clubs, and other entertainment such as Photography, Cooking, Artistry and other skills, and Gaming.
The Government of India has warned of the outbreak of bird flu in four states, including Kerala, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh.
PDF President Gavin M.Mylliem, who is also the MLA of Sohra, said the decision to join the party is the result of the work under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and the MDA Government. explain to us that 'Meghalaya is better' within you.
“In some households, there are those who have contracted the disease, and all the households have contracted the disease,” said Sabnam.
Another company, Nine Two UK Holdings Limited, has announced its stake in the UK, which is understood to be part of Sheikh Jassim's preparations if his bid is successful. and they won.
Jowai, July 24: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday raided several restaurants in Mukhep, Ladrymbai and Khliehriat. Ladrymbai, according to the illegal sale of kiad, according to the statements and confessions before the leaders of the party.
“The government’s role is to create that framework, provide policies, incentives and infrastructure that will encourage local entrepreneurship.
Clip (Clip) is a small or stable file.
“I am very pleased that we have a Minister of Electricity who is thinking even about the Thermal Power Plant, I think there will be Gas Pipeline to pass through our state.
Hooid on the one hand it is pleasant but on the other hand we don't agree because besides being a small state if it is divided more and more we don't know what will happen if it becomes a Union Territory and lost. The law is not passed by the Government of Meghalaya.
Due to the urgency of the matter, this order shall be effective immediately until further notice.
Tyrell Malacia, Amad Diallo, Kobbie Mainoo and Tom Heaton have all missed the start of the tournament, while French defender Varane has been injured.
“The damage was limited to the area where there was a tin and some nearby houses.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: The residents of Mawpud village in South West Khasi Hills are still suffering from the road blockade. the road to the village.
During the curfew, health services have been released and the vaccination drive will continue as usual.
The Minister said that the Development Department will conduct a census or survey of the residents of the city and invited the public to give their opinions in this regard. to submit before 29th June 2020 to SSCL. Please visit www.eol2019.org/citizenfeedback.
Shillong, Iaiong 12 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday slammed the government for its inability to arrest overloaded trucks. The government is also involved in illegal mining and quarrying of coal and this is a violation and disrespect of the order of the Supreme Court.
The search for the missing persons has been going on for 48 days since the incident on 13th November.
As the years go by, the Christian community around the world celebrates Christmas which means the celebration of the day of the incarnation of the Son of God into the world by expressing joy with a sign of appearances such as drinking or eating and the cleaning of houses, villages and so on.
On the other hand, HITO has informed that from tomorrow it will shut down the JIO Towers across the Jaintia Hills until they provide adequate services to the users of the network.
At the wedding ceremony of Katrina, many people have posted many pictures of Salman Khan, thinking what Salman Khan will do on the wedding day, because Katrina , it's your old girlfriend.
He said the committee includes members from political parties, chief executive members (CEMs) of the three Autonomous District Councils and senior members of the community.
Unfortunately, Capt.
Regarding the construction of this road, it is learned that the start of construction at this stage, is only for the first phase.
We don't need wealth or rank, we need young people who love the country and the nation”.
The main purpose of these trainings is for the unemployed rural youth who do not have to pay any money except for the fare.
Shillong, June 25: Meghalaya today received an award from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for its efforts to eradicate malaria in the country. the State.
A 52-year-old man from Badarpur in Karimganj district of South Assam has tested positive for the virus.
On the issues raised by the schools, the Meghalaya School Welfare Development Association (MCDA) has called for a consensus and a decision to be sent to the Government to know more about this.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Delhi Police on Saturday recovered the body of a young man from Manipur from a well in Chirag, Delhi.
“I don't have to say anything about that, my son, it depends on your understanding and Lano's. We just expect the best from you...” Lano's mother concluded. “Khublei Mei, I'll talk to Lano. ….
“Our demand is to restore the project which was approved earlier but now it seems that the government has just said, to take action,” said the general secretary of KSU SKH. The party has already held a night road blockade for two months and will meet to decide whether to hold another strike or not.
It will also lead to division in the families and in the society as a whole. The Khasi marriage is the foundation of the Khasi society.
She said that Bah Hek tried to take political advantage of the incident.
In this regard, he said that the village gives its blessings to the leaders of the party so that it can move forward in its work to serve the people better in the future.
· We have clear evidence that HS Shylla once said, “The time of the mother and the brothers has ended and the time of the father and children has come and does not end until it is over. If he says that we are lying, we must make it public, who is lying? Now he contradicts his own opinion.
We can take an example as follows:-In the fifteenth and nineteenth centuries (1700-1800), England was one of the countries with a great and widespread religion, after they the Bible, the establishment of the Bible Society and its expenditure, many other developments in administration, trade, education, innovation in methods of operation, the production of electricity, vehicles railways, health services and hospitals and through the work of the Church the eradication of evils such as slavery and destructive customs and ways of life.
The struggle lasted for four years between Syiem Tirot Singh and these French.
“We will have to move forward with this report in 2011, the political parties have understood, but they are still concerned because some people want to come to Meghalaya,” he said.
He said that tomorrow the Central Executive Committee of the HSPDP will meet at the residence of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit to discuss the ticket issue in Nongstoin. think about the ticket.
He said that even the financial sponsors have turned away and are no longer willing to donate.
People living with HIV can walk, stand, work and touch like other people, but they have to take good care of themselves.
By covering the coal mine, rainwater will no longer be able to fall into the ground and this will protect the groundwater.
Mulakkal is the first bishop in India to be arrested on charges of rape.
She said that in the past 10 years, the lack of justice by the BJP Government has severely affected the people, the Constitution and the Constitution of the country.
The total number of recoveries is 13,608 and the death toll is
The Chief Minister has met with the Chief Secretary, Director General of Police and Chief Officers of the State.
With this trick, Arthur O Urso hopes that his love for his seven wives will grow stronger, because he will be able to spend time with them all in one bed, which is 20 feet by 7 feet.
Let us understand that one era overcomes another and the way the laws are administered and implemented will change and become laws.
Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
Forty years after this, the elders and the elders shall no longer speak or explain.
In East Garo Hills, there are 3 cases of high risk.
The Government of Meghalaya said that this is a way to expand the areas that were previously not included in the forest areas and this new Act will further expand the forests in order to fight against the change of forests. environment.
However, there are many miaw that annoy people because they eit (go to the toilet) cold even in people's beds.
So ask yourself since when you bought land and if you haven't bought it yet, all the land belongs to your ancestors which they didn't give you the right to sell.
“These trucks which were parked in the evening on the highway have caused heavy traffic jam and affected the traffic of the people especially the school children who have exams and the sick people and especially the women. also.
The court said that the case needs to be dealt with by various groups and asked whether there is such a law in other countries. “There is no such law in any country in the world, not even in Brazil,” he said.
Dr Nonglait said this was one of the decisions taken after a seminar and protest in Delhi recently.
Khliehriat Circle: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) Khliehriat Circle, under the leadership of its General Secretary, Bah Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ, today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The petition was signed by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS.
This section of the road from Umshohphria to the upper parts of Nongkhlaw is very difficult to work on as it is very bumpy as this area is covered with many streams and valleys.
On the 30th, the Swimming Association will stand firm on the same ground to continue the protest.
When asked whether she has received any assistance in the past few days, a woman who sells ktung in the market said that she has not received any assistance from anyone. She said that she will not vote anymore because she has not seen the MLA and MDC to help her.
Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by 76 runs in the away leg.
The 100 days bill scheme is one of the most helpful schemes for the people.
Shillong, July 11: After receiving a tip from intelligence agencies that there were members of the Achik National United Front (ANUF) in Shillong, police have raided a house in Shillong. to their captivity in this city.
It is for this reason that businessmen often want to destroy the Sengbhalang by writing bribes or spending money to destroy the Sengbhalang in many ways.
Visitors will come only once and instead of spreading the good news to others who want to come, they will spread an unpleasant message that those who want to come will also be disappointed.
The source added.
The state government has also taken steps that if there are any doubts, the government will fight to resolve these issues between the HNLC and the central government.
Donbok said that the HYC has not been able to remove all the foreign workers who are in the area, as Charles has promised that all those who do not have permits will be removed within 10 days. They have been able to inspect only a few people and found that there are about 10 foreigners who do not have any documents such as Labor License except the EPIC of Assam.
Speaking to media on 1st October as part of her preparations for the upcoming MP Lok Sabha elections, Dr Ampareen said, “This is Anti Incumbency.
It is to be reminded that the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road has been allocated in four phases and each tender has cost not less than T.120 crore, including the new construction. The bridge over the Umngot River to connect the two districts of East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
She said that if we elect a responsible person, we do not lose hope that our future will be better.
This order was issued so that the farmers of different villages in East Khasi Hills District can visit and take care of their crops in their respective hills and fields during the curfew. : The order states that farmers can inform the BDOs through the Rangbah Shnong/CCMT about the need.
During the construction of the school, the village authority had lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer of the PWD Building in 2015 that there was a problem with the school building.
Therefore, to overcome this problem, the youth should understand and take responsibility for the development of their skills, whether it is in agriculture, farming, these to produce and manufacture goods according to their own skills and to become their own masters, not to become servants only as day laborers or government servants.
Because of the lack of respect for the customs and traditions in this regard, it is a violation of the Constitution which is against the purpose of the Sixth Scheduled which is like a destruction of the Foundation of the Sixth Scheduled which is against the Constitution.
Promising to take action if the government does not listen to their demands, he said that on the 1st of March there will be a meeting at Dawki to discuss the issue.
The cause of the accident was that the driver of the truck was too drunk and could not even control the truck.
They are called Jaintia.
The MLAs, who met today, elected Panneerselvam as their leader with the support of 150 MLAs. She was taken to Parappana Agrahara for medical examination before being taken to jail.
He said that the state government has received assistance from the Government of India since the beginning of the pandemic so far amounting to T.48 crore and all this will be reflected in the report of the Controller Auditor General (CAG). ).
Application forms can be collected from the office of the Organization located on the first floor of the residence of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA (President) at New Kench's Trace, Shillong from 7.00 pm. Until 11.00 am (Moon) from 30th July, 2020 onwards.
It was the time of the Beast and that more Jews would be killed than the time of Hitler.
He said that as the leader of the 2-Jowai Constituency, he has tried to bring about development works in Jowai as a whole, even the road that goes down to Syntu Ksiar in a few days the work will be completed through the financial assistance. 28 crore for the construction of all roads in Jowai including the Syntu Ksiar road.
They had a field and a large house.
In a statement, Samla Mitalin Mynsong, Publicity Secretary HYC Raid Nongtung Circle said that the HYC Raid Nongtung Circle is deeply saddened by the incident. The shon of the people in coming and going which they have to face a lot of problems due to the deterioration of the roads and the traffic jam, especially in case of illness.
Speaking on the unity of the party, he said, “Recently there has been a misunderstanding among the party workers. Therefore, as a party, there will be differences of opinion here and there but working together as a team is the answer to all our differences.
These incidents have caused panic and fear in the residents who have demanded that the traffic of trucks through this road should be banned.
Phramer Police have arrested Ngaitlang Suchiang, who fled the scene after being accused of killing his wife at a village under Phramer traffic cell in Tuberkmaishnong, East. Jaintia Hills.
Although the MNF is a close ally of the BJP in the NDA, it has strongly opposed the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code.
“However, the election of Bah Vicent H Pala as the leader will strengthen the party because he is a person who helps to develop his fellow members and on behalf of the party. The Congress itself needs a leader like Bah Pala so that we can come to power in 2023,” he said.
The CSWO under the leadership of Kong Irene Hujon as President, together with all the members, supports and congratulates the farmers, who turned to the District Council to demand the resignation of Bah Ardent.
The Charantala Temple in West Garo Hills is an important place of worship for the Hajong and Koch communities in the area and attracts many foreigners.
Speaking to media, the President of the HNYF Shillong Region, Bah Bless Dkhar, said that the HNYF Shillong Region wants the police department to be able to implement the Act. Everyone without discrimination whether they are expensive vehicles or cheap vehicles because there are times when the vehicles are expensive, the police department doesn't want to arrest them, but they arrest them only. the car is worthless.
This will be very difficult for the players on such a field because it is no longer straightforward.
"It's definitely the happiest moment in my professional career to join a team like Hyderabad FC," Soyal said after signing a new contract with the you club.
Christianity requires beef, especially at weddings and funerals.
The strike by Bah Ardent has been going on for exactly 10 months on Tuesday at 10 pm which started on 23rd June, 2023 and continues until now.
However, the fire is not easily contained and can therefore take days.
The term power can refer to other parts of government authorities such as the Law Commission, the Public Service Commission, the Commissioner & Secretary. ), Commission of Inquiry, Deputy Commissioner, and so on.
When asked whether the Sengbhalang will also attend the meeting, u Bah Gilbert said that there will be Sengbhalang who will also attend as well as the village leaders who have been invited from the villages. At this meeting, he said that it has been ordered that there will be no objection to other issues, but it will be exactly the issue of MUDA. Shillong, July 25: The President of the Ri-Bhoi Block Congress Committee (RBCC) Dr Celestine Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the reason for the removal of the MUDA The Umroi Block Congress led by MLA Bah Ngaitlang Dhar has been on the grounds that he has spoken and preached to his supporters not to join the party and to leave for another party.
The Dorbar Shnong has warned against anyone who gives a false name to Raliang Village to avoid misleading the public.
Shadan Farasat, a lawyer for UL Raghumani Singh, father of Leichhombam Erendro, said that the youth was arrested without any rules. come to you.
He said that most of the time there is no point in opening CHCs and PHCs if there are no doctors because even if there are enough equipment, the important thing is to get doctors first and open them.
The king was very angry with Haman. The king said, “Behold the gallows fifty cubits high, which Haman had made for Mordecai. :9.
They also had biometric problems and after being signed by the NTA, they continued to play chess without using biometrics.
After leaving Sadar Police Station, where the investigation lasted for more than four hours, Eldie N Lyngdoh told reporters that the Laitumkhrah Police Station has arrested six suspects. The Sadar police station has registered 9 cases against him, totaling 15 cases against him. He said he will appear again on the 4th of this month. , according to the registered complaint.
Panah became closer and closer to his son.
The driver of the truck was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
On the other hand, Bah Kynta said that if there is a peaceful settlement, it cannot be stopped and there is no need to wait for anyone's opinion, because it is not easy to stop the people who have stayed. about 150-200 years in the area.
That is why the Jews or Israel lost the opportunity to become kings and priests because they rejected the Son of God, and were scattered throughout the earth until
The CM said that Meghalaya has not yet faced any problems in terms of the demand for petrol and diesel and that people should not be confused.
Nine deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills, 04 from West Jaintia Hills and 02 from West Jaintia Hills.
The Touchline NE Cubs beat the Rhinos, while the ENE Falcons beat the Bulls.
Undaunted by the violent, threatening, and murderous forces, Jesus through his life and mighty deeds exposes and reveals to the world “the power of infirmity and the weakness of power".
The Union of Maweit Area Village Authorities (UVDC) has issued an order to transport the remaining coal across the state. Meghalaya.
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhai Patel on 31st March 2015, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that the synrop of culture and traditions of the people of India, in order to promote mutual respect for its various cultures, will be a joy and happiness around the world to join hands in preserving and preserving those snaps of culture through spoken language, song, dance and music. tem, preparing food, drink, huror, and sharing the best snaps of the people in their own culture in order to promote mutual understanding among the different ethnic groups in the south of India. broad.
They are day laborers who have not received their salaries for three months and some of them have not received their salaries for seven months.
However, the availability of mobile phones has affected the number of school children who have not yet received these mobile phones, especially those made by different companies such as smart phones. They are those who have become familiar with computers or more computers through which they can do the Internet, Chating and download movies (Videos) of all kinds, which children are better able to do. Facebook, E-Mail, WhatsApp and others.
Because Italy is the country with the highest risk of the disease, 160 people who arrived on the plane were tested and 125 people were found to be infected. .
The Governor, who is the Visitor of the CMJ University, Mooshahary, who raised the issues at the CMJ University, has suggested to the government to repeal the CMJ University Act,
The thyroid is a thyroid gland in front of the neck and is responsible for the production of thyroid hormones.
In such Khasi households, the sar comes from Pylli and goes to the rud dpei.
“Until now, these villages have been living on the cultivation of synsar and other agricultural products but these villages have also got jobs through the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA),” said Bah Arman.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of HYC Mawthadraishan Circle, Bah Shembor Langrin, said that the purpose of these organizations is to demand nine issues which are necessary for the entire nation.
But why didn't the Meghalaya High Court do so? Hasn't the Meghalaya High Court done the same as the Gauhati High Court? If it doesn't and if it can't, it is a great shame for Meghalaya as a whole.
Thousands of children from Jaintia Hills have expressed their grief over the lack of Roster System and Reservation Policy through the colorful appearance of Behdeiñkhlam.
Ampareen said the Minister has informed that the Central Government will ensure that the traditional medicine practitioners of the state should be included in the benefits according to the Central Government's plan. and I will fight to ensure that the traditional healers will benefit from this training center in Shillong”.
The President of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association was also present on the occasion.
Because of this, children lose the value of life, and even count the death of their parents even though they are still alive.
“It's an indescribable joy when we find our lost son,” said Sillian's mother.
Dr Mukul said the future of the state depends on the wisdom of the voters. “For many years we have to turn to the people to ask for power. The people should take responsibility and understand before making a decision. When you decide, think carefully that you should decide for the future of the state. “If you look at many parts of the state, you can see that the government has done many things,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. the state has developed rapidly in all aspects.
These contractual workers differ in salary compared to those who are employed through the MPSC or DSC or the Central Recruitment Board.
It may be recalled that the main reason for youth unemployment is because they cannot get jobs with the private sector, companies or government jobs or start their own businesses because they do not have the skills in the jobs they intend to do.
Leki joined the Police Service on 22nd July 2007 and was in the Fire Service until the day of his death. His body was buried today at the cemetery. Earlier, the funeral service was held at the Mynthong Presbyterian Church in Demthring at their home in Demthring. They expressed their condolences including Bah B Warjri.
The allegation in the past four years that the same challan has been used hundreds and thousands of times in the transportation of coal, oil and other minerals, the involvement of weight brigades in carrying too much without permission and The permission of illegal mining may be the cause of poverty in Meghalaya.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved an amendment to the Elaka Administration (Amendment) Bill, , bad social oversight committee.
The letter sent to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare also demanded to upgrade the PHC to CHC and to appoint more staff so that the health center can provide better services to the people of the area.
Recently, Dr. Bishnoi said that the number of drug users in Meghalaya has reached 2.5 lakh including those who inject and take drugs.
The death toll has risen to five, four in East Khasi Hills and one in East Jaintia Hills.
The KSU urges the public to come forward for treatment and medicine at this hospital especially the pregnant women for the benefit of their children and to get a healthy body.
The Regional Committee from Meghalaya is for the areas in West Jaintia Hills district and the Regional Committee from Assam is for the areas in West Karbi Anglong district.
A reinvigorated Ayush has helped promote the power of thousands of years of traditional medicine practices when it continues to embark on this journey as of now," he said.
“I am not the one to say anything on this issue because there have been ksiang appointed to conduct the talks with the HNLC leaders. it shall go smoothly in their arrangement.
It is also worth mentioning here that such irregularities are a destruction of the benefits allocated for the welfare of the people and the promotion of sports.
I want to say just a little bit.
BJP leaders from East Khasi Hills came to explain to the people who attended the meeting at the new office of the party, which is under construction in the area.
He said that if the arrangement of the Langpih sector is not according to the wishes of the residents, the Prime Minister and his government will have to take responsibility if there is any incident or riots, which may lead to to the point of disrupting the peace and order of the people in the entire area.
He said that the government's silence after the central government has removed the Khasi and Jaintia languages ​​from the list of failures to implement the ILP will further strengthen the demand for ILP. The President's order should be repealed.
The Bombay High Court today sought clarification from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on the frequent changes in the size and shape of banknotes and coins. same.
And why be afraid to accept suggestions on changes to the Reservation Policy? This is not the first time that such a demand has arisen.
Although we see that the fish that used to live together in the fresh water, now they have died in the water (Wah Lukha) because the water where they used to live has become poisoned and polluted. ).
It is for this reason that it is necessary for all the people to take action to protect and maintain the forests, not to cut down or lyngkar at will just for profit or wealth.
“The incident has happened since the 4th of January, how can a complaint be lodged until the 26th of November,” said the Chief Justice.
The ONGC Siu-Ka-Pha Multi Specialty Hospital has dedicated itself to providing modern health care to the people of Assam who did not have access to it before.
At the G20 meeting, the Foreign Ministers of different countries will exchange their views on bilateral relations and how to relate to the UN, BRICS and RIC. In addition, they will also discuss several key issues, ranging from the instability of the Asia-Pacific region, the situation in Afghanistan as well as the economic downturn and the Ukraine's invasion of Russia.
“The responsible members of the Academic Council are deeply concerned about the violation of the limits of the powers of the AC and the violation of the rules and procedures under the NEHU Act, Statutes. bad Ordinance".
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 21: The Meghalaya State Price Monitoring and Resource Unit (MSPMRU) today held a seminar on the price management of mur. The National Pharmaceutical and Pricing Authority (NPPA) and Introduction to Pharma Sahi Daam for the owners of shops and retail shops in South West Khasi Hills District, at a meeting held at Mawkyrwat Community Hall.
Other ministers who have tested positive for the virus are Home Minister Shripad Naik, Home Minister Amit Shah, Dharmendra Pradhan, Arjun Meghwal and Kailash Chaudhary.
And the wicked have become bloodthirsty, while the rich and the poor live in fear, dread, and doubt.
In the tender for the issuance of trading license, those who do not have a certificate to prove that they have paid the tax cannot submit the tender called by the JHADC. JHADC, according to the Tender Notice issued on 26th March, 2021, for the gate to check Trading License of foreign vehicles, has invited those who wish to participate to submit their tender after they have completed all the documents as stipulated in the tender rules.
With this victory, Churchill Brothers have moved up 20 points from 17 games and are in ninth position, while Lajong are in sixth position with 26 points from 17 games. Inter Kashi have scored 10 points in the match.
The number of cases of Coronavirus in India has risen to
Spurs' defeat also secured Aston Villa qualification for the Champions League next season alongside City, Arsenal and Liverpool, who finished fourth.
Tura: Shock and sorrow has come to Garo Hills after the death of a patient from Covid-19 for the first time in Tura, after two years.
D.Toi and members of the Rotary Club Jowai who were able to honor the two guys from Panaliar, Jowai, R.Konel Phira, one of the songwriters, producers of Film Jaintia. and the best actor, as well as Ram Kynjin who has the ability to make various items and who is also a trim photographer.
Leo Shadap Secretary Narwan and the festival said that during these two days of the festival there will be various sports games and training programmes. /8014825246.
From the Ukrainian security forces, the answer came, "Russian warship, go f*** yourself" and immediately shot dead the 13 people in the island.
Leaders of the Nongthymmai Presbyterian Church Umsning Constituency together with former MLA Jason Sawkmie Mawlong met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong. He also discussed the requirements for the repair of roads, electricity especially for drinking water supply in preparation for the 26th Synod to be held in the village from the 14th to the 17th. March 2024 The leaders of the Presbyterian Church Nongthymmai have expressed their satisfaction after meeting with Bah Prestone, where he will send Engineers to do the necessary. All the works will be implemented as soon as possible so that the preparations for the Synod will be successful and fruitful.
On the 7th of November, MawU-Tieng beat Mawlai 7-0 and on the 13th of November, MawU-Tieng beat Mawlai 7-0 Lawei Smit SC started their journey with a 0-0 draw against Kharang SC. Kick Start Academy on July 21, in the next match (3 November) the team beat PFR Football Academy 4-1, on 6 November Lawei beat Laitkor Rngi 4-1 SC which is also the strongest club this season.
According to Dr. Fenela, there is a way for the political authorities to look again and reopen the books, unlike a minister in the Meghalaya government who can no longer reopen the social agreement.
Regarding the Shad Lyngdoh, it was said that those who wish, can take part, but, what is more special, is only the lehniam and in this lehniam, those who have to perform, are only the longtrai, who still hold the feast.
According to Bah Dkhar, the EVMs cannot be cheated.
At the same time, the court imposed a fine of up to PKR 1 million (USD 3,500) on both of them in addition to these offenses and verdicts.
He also urged the residents of private boarding houses/hostels, schools, colleges, universities, churches, mosques, temples and hospitals to ensure that they register with the relevant officer if any. foreigners residing and studying in their respective countries in connection with their online arrival through the 'C' Form and 'S' Form for Schools, Colleges and Universities and also to send them online within 24 hours.
“Speaking on this, Bajop Pyngrope, spokesperson of the NPP, said that he is not surprised by the statements of the AITC leaders.
But I was afraid, I didn't know anything about the laws, I didn't know anything about the laws.
There was more happiness in Israel in the days of Jacob, because they were able to buy grain from Egypt.
While Jumreit was dancing, Tangmar went into the farm and stole Tongsoh like the Rabon of Sri Lanka did to Sita.
The Roster System now aims to rectify the lack of allocation for Garo in the past.
The man was found sleeping unconscious near the Kiang Nangbah Government College Stadium on Saturday at about 2 pm.
Unfortunately, the Department of Agriculture does not have the funds to assist the farmers to irrigate the trees.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : Meghalaya's U-17 football team's journey to the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 has come to an end after Arunachal Pradesh beat Arunachal Pradesh 3-1 They scored 10 goals in the first leg of the match at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong on Saturday.
For the Second Phase, it is expected that it will go smoothly.
However, all this is like a cover-up for the destruction of the sins and blood of the nation itself, and it is sure that the nation will destroy Sopsop in the midst of the darkness of humanity! thus, that if the books were cleansed from all the books, so that they could be cleansed or destroyed, it would bring about a terrible destruction in all respects; Besides, it will also affect the money of the people until they become so angry that they wonder why we don't believe a fool to waste time and waste public money.
Martin Luther expressed the idea of ​​marriage clearly in his writings, such as in books known as “table talks.
He said that the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act has recently been repealed from 23 districts of Assam.
He said the government has allocated T.5 crore for the implementation of the project in the first implementation phase 2012-2013 and the project has been awarded to Philips Electronic India Ltd for implementation.
He is also a young leader who can connect with young people, and the elderly as well.
However, it should not become a political issue, because even if the people fully support, not all of them are supporters of the VPP but they are strong supporters of other political parties”.
He is the grandson of Ediltredis Nongsiej and Krik Muslim, residents of Sohpian, Nongstoin.
On the other hand, the medical officer incharge of the phc said that although there are many shortcomings in the human being but at the phc, one medical officer is always ready to serve the people and urged the leaders of the party to look into it. and to investigate before publishing any news that may defame the dignity or life of a person.
The village authorities have expressed to the DGP the lack of commercial taxis to carry passengers from Motphran which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
Regarding the implementation of the Act, the Government in collaboration with the NIC, Meghalaya has also announced an online application on 8th November last year to enable the residents, from homeowners, tenants will be able to register themselves through certificates from the village authorities.
To stay in the darkness and wonder, the Stieh ëda Ri will never fail.
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's relationship has come to light in recent days, after Kim was seen sitting in the same car with her husband, but her eyes were closed. , that is, that the ummat suda.
On the other hand, HANM leader Shaniahlang Suchen, alleged that the construction of this road is too slow and the government and the PWD department should send the road back to the contractor who constructed it because it was found only after a while. Many parts of the road have been closed for several days.
The Messiah who has now appeared in Israel is the antichrist (1 John 2:18).
I say it's a misuse, I can say that maybe it's a misuse of them because of the shortage of rice but maybe they're misused in another way that the nation doesn't like. How can you say that they are the owners when you stand in front to buy and when you ask for the price of the goods, they cannot decide they have to turn around to ask for the price, then who Nickdon Dohling Vice President of the HYC. Besides the clogging of the roads, Nickson said that the danger is that these people are producing “If you don't talk about illegal goods, you don't talk about illegal goods, you don't talk about illegal goods. I would like to ask the state government especially the Sales Tax department how these goods are exempt, if the Customs can search and seize drugs from hotels Why can't the Sale Tax stop the entry of illegal goods into the state, I think there is something behind it especially from “It's the gateway to the Sale Tax, how can these goods escape?” he said.
All groups have 6 teams except Group F which has 5 teams.
“This statement came after some Prah supporters during the NPP meeting in Umsning who shouted for Prah ha u Prah, until after the candidate won the election. “You Prah supporters, go home because you have had the opportunity to gather this morning, go home in case of any injury,” said the NPP.
“On the other hand, he said that some of those involved in the incident tried to steal the weapons of the CRPF, but the CRPF as part of their self-defence and he smote them with the edge of the sword.
As a people's leader, I will try to help the villages and the people as much as I can,” said Bah Hamlet.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 92 runs for seven wickets.
However, the work started in 2022 which is also near the end of the year and when it reached the front of All Saint School it stopped and this prompted the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to They went to inspect this place and after that the work started again.
Rida said, “Thank you very much, Niakha.
In a statement, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that according to the Government's data, there are only 184 households who are Government employees.
Phila Nongkynrih, DDM, NABARD was the chief guest, Patricia Warjri, LDA, Labor Office, West Khasi Hills District was the speaker, Wilfred Dohling, Branch Manager, MRB, Riangdo was the speaker. Bah Rangshai Ryntathiang, President, VDP, Pormawthaw as the chief guest and Michael Thongni, CEO&MD, NeIPS. completed training so that they can start or establish their own businesses.
Nongstoin, November 11: Four persons have been arrested by the West Khasi Hills Police for involvement in theft.
In June, 2018, the NITI Forum for North East was appointed to regularly monitor the development situation in the North East.
However, due to the short time, Mawkhar SC couldn't score any more goals and Shillong Lajong won 2-1
Jeremy Lalrinnunga (men's 67 kg) and Achinta Sheuli (men's 73 kg) will be the national athletes who will compete once again after recovering from injuries. their.
Tynsong said that the government has allowed the wedding ceremony to be held in places of worship but the government has still banned all ceremonies.
God promised Joshua to obey God, and what Joshua wanted was that God would extend the time by listening to Joshua's words to stop the sun and the moon.
But people now have totally messed up.
When asked whether the government will call for talks with the KSU, he said that the KSU which has committed illegal acts to listen to the government should stop doing so because this is not the right path. and the government has been in talks with the KSU and other political parties.
“If we cannot send all our children to school, our state will not be able to achieve 100 percent literacy of the population,” said Prof Laloo.
He said that within three months of the protests, the leaders and members of the Sengbhalang have been arrested while the police have received allegations that they have committed illegal acts and the MPDA has charged them. “Our member was arrested only because he was in Umsning at the time of the petrol bomb blast at Pandal Puja and has been handed over to the MPDA,” said Bah Joe. members of the party who have been arrested by the government without sufficient evidence.
NPP Spokesperson Himalaya M. Shangpliang, who is also the Advisor to the Education Department of the State Government, said that according to Sections 10 (2) and 11 of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, officers or employees must be serving in Government departments.
Therefore, do you know where, when and for how many years did those Longshuwa – Manshuwa? Therefore, please think carefully before you speak against the children who use the Kpa – Khasei – Khasoi who have the right to choose according to their wishes, because of the Constitution of India. you can choose to freedom.
Marak said that the demand for upgrading the Adhoc Schools to the Deficit Pattern/Deficit System could not be implemented, but he proposed to increase the salary by T.18,0
The incident occurred at around 5 pm when another IED bomb suddenly exploded in the area.
However, if it is brought later when the temperature is about 110 and 112 C, it produces a softer gur, if it is brought a little later, it produces a harder gur.
When asked, he said that the salary structure for SSA teachers, on the part of the state government, cannot change this because the state government cannot raise the amount of money up to crore and this is not easy for the state government.
Besides the harassment by the Assam Police, one of the biggest problems faced by the residents is the lack of road, where the village is only 3 km away. Thadrang, Mawlasnai, but the road from Thadrang to Khliehumwang has not benefited the residents of Thadrang, Mawlasnai, as it is a very bad road and not even suitable for driving. especially during the Lyiur.
“During the investigation into the complaint No.65/2023 at Shopian Police Station, the police in collaboration with the Army (44 RR), CRPF (14 Bn) on Tuesday arrested two more LeT aides,” police said.
St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong has been ranked second in the Top Ten in the Science Stream and sixth in the Commerce Stream.
However, we cannot do anything yet because the final decision is taken by the High Command in Delhi,” he said. throughout the country and thus they had to join it.
Speaking as the chief guest at the programme, Bah M.Marbaniang said that this day is a day to remember and celebrate the children and the adults who are still in the midst of disabilities. The Ministry of Education (MoE) has set aside this day on the 3rd November every year to celebrate this day. various examinations and through this charity to be an encouragement and assistance to these children.
Speaking to media, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the reason why the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, have taken action and created measures to provide security, is because only In Ri Bhoi, there are about 161 youths from Ri Bhoi, who have already registered themselves and who are still staying in other states.
During the raid in the areas and villages where drug trafficking is rampant, the union has arrested dozens of drug dealers and users along with the seizure of marijuana, money and weapons from these people.
Hamlet Dohling was elected as the President of the UDP Youth Wing for 40 constituencies in East Khasi Hills. B Kharumnuid and Bah Rymphang Wanswai.
He said that the business he has started since 2002 has saved livelihood for many families in Mawlai.
Shillong, Lber, 23: Police Officers of East Khasi Hills District Police on Tuesday received training on how to fully implement the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA) by the National Tobacco Control. Program (NTCP), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in collaboration with Sambandh Health Foundation (SHF).
Charm Marbaniang took three wickets in 3.3 overs and conceded only 13 runs. Shavian Blah took 4 overs and was tied for run and took 2 wickets.
Hundreds of people with disabilities, parents, village headmen and NGOs attended the programme.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 39535 out of which 33933 have recovered and 678 have died.
He said that so far the government has completed more than 11 lakh houses.
Regarding the registration, HANM has admitted that it has met with the District Council authorities, but they said that the District Council has no information.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP Malki-Laitumkhrah Circle, he said that the meeting of the UDP Malki-Laitumkhrah Circle on Saturday was to ask the opinion of the supporters and members of the party on which voice is better. you candidate.
This was reported by the Israeli news agency Kan TV News.
India and England have already played four Test matches between them since 2014, along with welcoming England to India in 2020-2 one Test match has been reduced to make room for a few overs; which had to be suspended due to the first outbreak of COVID-1
Suraj Chettri took four wickets in 8 overs and Sachin Kumar took one wicket in 6 overs.
They added that many muri have not been able to be used, they have to walk around because of the incompleteness and too slowness has caused problems to the people from 6-7 villages. who use or pass through this road.
A meeting of the JHTOA was also held and an Election Committee was appointed to conduct the election of the President of the JHTOA. JSU President Jersom Shylla and Pynbiang Rymbai President HITO were appointed by the Secretary Harpidiou Suiam and seven members. The General Election of the JHTOA has been decided to be held on
Shillong: “He called me after I was elected as Lamphang, and said, 'Hamlet, my sin and yours are cleansed today,' said Bah Hamletson Dohling. he was elected Lamphang last year.
This showed that cholera was transmitted through water, not through the air as had been implied.
When the reporter saw the fish, he saw that the mouth of the fish was in the lower part of the head which is in the abdomen and the weight of the fish was about half a kilo. .
This is true, as you said, Bah Rudy, I also support this.
I am writing from the bottom of my heart that I can no longer tolerate the ignorance of the law of MPs, MLAs and MDCs as well.
New Delhi: India's per capita gross domestic product (GDP) will fall sharply, more than Bangladesh's. country.
“I still want to serve but the AICC has forgotten that a politician doesn't have a retirement date. I chose Mayrald Born, I didn't do anything wrong, I didn't do anything wrong, I didn't do anything wrong but I worked hard to win him.
Shillong: U Emiki Kurbah, the driver of the vehicle in which Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma were on their way to Lad Rymbai, has been arrested.
He said that our nation is known as a nation that knows people, knows God, knows family and lives to earn righteousness and therefore we must keep this character alive in the youth. our.
Staff of the District Tuberculosis Center and Nongthymmai Urban Primary Health Center were also present on the occasion.
He also expressed his readiness to provide support and cooperation through the assistance available to the Block Office.
What do you think? sha Sor te, please tell the story of the people who have only 2 or 3 children.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today congratulated the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, for recognizing the contribution of Bah Brian Daly Kharpran, through the research on the crematoria. within the State.
Ri Bhoi District has the highest number of convictions with 50 cases followed by West Khasi Hills with 31 cases and East Khasi Hills with that decided.
Speaking to media, Hek said the BJP does not have a strong supporter base or a strong vote bank.
“It is difficult to find domestic workers in developed countries and states but it is gratifying that it is still possible and easy to find domestic workers in this state and it is time for us to “We will also bring about a change in their lives as they are important in the society,” said Dr Mukul Sangma. the benefit of their children.
Earlier, after the strong protest of the civil society against the mining of uranium in the state, the MDA government had decided not to allow the mining of uranium in the state. On the same basis, the government will stand firm until the end because the mining of this mineral poses a threat to the health of the people of the state and especially in the area where this mineral is present.
A police chief who was nearby said, “How do the police know that you are from the press? On the other hand, Princess Rashir said that the action of the police is not only because you are from the press or the public, because the police have no right to seize mobile phones without consulting.
Regarding the Inner Line Permit System (ILP), we will find that it was Bah MN Majaw who first introduced the Bill to demand its implementation in our state.
Stressing on the role of women in society in Manipur, Amit Shah said that through cooperation, we stand firm for ensuring peace and prosperity in the state.
“The Government has become the culprit of what is there as if the Government itself is the culprit.
The one-day stay in the city has not affected Bhalang at all.
“The festival will feature many events including a cosplay competition, a beauty contest, a song competition and others.
For Assam Rifles, Iminstar Mawlong, Thoudam Dilson Singh, Ratson Lingu and Lalbiakdika scored while for Sacred Heart, Balamphrang Wahlang, Aldasjohn Wanniang and Esakial Dhar scored.
In the first innings, Meghalaya scored 23 runs for the loss of one wicket while Anish Charak scored 12 runs.
let the blind man hold your shoulder.
That conversation ended and Peter waited for news from his mother.
Speaking on the occasion, he urged the CLF to implement the funds that the government has given them so that it will be of benefit to the families of those whom the CLF needs.
To rule alone, any party has to win at least 31 constituencies.
It may be recalled that this doctor, who has not traveled anywhere in the past months, contracted the disease on Tuesday; However, it is reported that he has another brother-in-law, who is a pilot, who has just returned from New York, and arrived in Shillong on 22nd October
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “The issue of making it an Official Language will depend on the definition of the word 'Official Language' problems we will face in terms of writing documents in the government service".
Assam Police have launched an investigation after finding that the engine number of Gulam Ali did not match with those on his vehicle documents. Two such vehicles were found and a case was registered at Agia Police Station.
The vehicle will travel between 250 and 500 meters and will start from 0 to 62 meters per hour in just 2.9 seconds.
Tynsong said the government will continue to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the state whether it is at the state or district level.
One of these is the launch of the Conservation Basic Income Program in which 14,000 youths have been trained.
When there is a policy, it means that the government department cannot shut down the government department without the approval of the officer, minister or anyone else but must follow the instructions, explanations and cleaning the policy.
Until now, this remote area, which includes Diengsyiang and other areas, has been owned by the Iawren and Iawlar clans who descended from these brothers.
Without taking the law into their own hands, the leaders and members of KSU Narpuh handed over the foreigners to the police and lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station.
However, the photograph, which was published on the opening day of Parliament, did not impress social media users and some criticized the beautiful words written by Tharoor. take, that it is a word, which does not agree at all.
Uruguay have played well from the start against the World Cup champions.
“After the hearing today, it was reported that within 45 days the construction of the zoo cannot be completed and after getting permission from the Government of India, we will be able to open the zoo with the animals. forest and designs in it".
After the introduction of the single window policy by the Government of Meghalaya in 1997, dozens of foreign dew factories have been licensed and other foreign traders have been able to set up businesses in the State along with the support in the form of subsidies.
The candidate has understood that he has to fight for the rights of Myntoi and has to fight for the rights of the people. If you don't have enough money, you don't have to propose to the young man, the son of the Saipan leaders, as well as the candidate once you don't have money.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wahkaliar Unit on Tuesday sent an email to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to inform them that This letter contains many demands that need to be addressed urgently at this PHC especially during this time of covid-1
Referring to the staff at the Secretariat, Rilang Building and Myntdu Building, all the rooms were empty and no staff came to work except for a few officers. arrive at your office.
When the TMC came to Meghalaya, the party leader said that they would demand ILP. So I ask the TMC why ILP is not on its election manifesto,” he said. Let Process.
When asked about the price of rice, they said that there is no significant increase in the price of rice but it will rise or fall by 10 tyngka or 20 tyngka. weight.
They are the ones who become 'langknia' because they cannot write or answer from their own common sense.
The Punjab Chief Minister has promised the Sikh Sangat group led by Gurdwara Management Committee President Gurjit Singh to provide any assistance for the Sikh Sangat. Sikhs living in Shillong.
Not only that, there are those who say that even if they get help, it will take years and if it is, there is no point in such help.
The countries of the world have their own patriotic songs as well as this beloved Khasi country. They should use it properly so that it will be of benefit and bring honor and glory to the village and the area as a whole.
(8) And the locusts consumed all the fields, and all that was left of the frost, and covered the whole land.
On this occasion, Bah RJ Wahlang, In-charge UDID, gave an explanation on how to apply for Unique Disability Identification and on the schemes or assistance that those who have unique disability identification can apply for. and have the right to.
According to a statement sent by the BSF, this bridge will help the residents of the area in traveling to and from other neighboring villages. They expressed their gratitude and happiness for the construction of this bridge and also praised the BSF for taking this initiative to build the bridge with siej. Please build more such bridges in other places too, in places where there are small streams to make it easier for them to cross.
“If the villagers are rich, if the agriculture is good, the urban areas are also rich,” he said.
The government will appeal against the order and if the High Court does not listen, we will appeal to the Supreme Court,” Narayanswamy said.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Friday said that the statement of the National Spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Saket Gokhale is right and it is his duty as a member. The party is not in the Opposition, but it should not be accused without being able to state the facts.
He cited the example of the elections in four states, where the people have expressed their distrust of the BJP and out of these four states, the Congress has now come to power in the state. the three states.
The total number of cases has risen to 42,80,422 with 8,83,697 still infected, 33,23,951 recoveries and 72,775 deaths. , according to a statement from the Ministry of Health.
Because, if there are many promises without implementation, the time will come when the government officials will be too busy to close down schools, because the school founders did not set up of their own free will.
In our lives we human beings must want love first, because love is all these things Love is goodness Love is happiness Love is wealth phew Love is knowledge Love is name Rank Love is knowledge.
On the other hand, Madam JU Kharpuri congratulated the organization for organizing the 2nd Maitshaphrang Academic Award 2019 which is an encouragement to the students of War Jaintia. be disciplined in their lives especially in education because in today's age evils are the closest to the youth especially to avoid alcoholic beverages because often these evils bring destruction in life and in the community.
He also urged the Christians to pray that God will bless the parish and the work of the priests.
He said that the appearance of the youth to contest on the Congress ticket shows that the residents especially the farmers, youth and women of the state still have confidence in the party.
“This action of the management of NEIGRIHMS has made the Seng suspect that there may be something behind it,” said the Seng.
Today's performances will be the last round of performances from the group.
Olympic gold medalist Jacobs also did not take part in the tournament due to illness.
The National Parties have their own way of looking at the country as a whole because they cannot discriminate against anyone.
The HYC has put forward a motion to demand the implementation of the Inner Liner Permit (ILP) under the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act, 1973 to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the Hynniewtrep Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: During his first visit to the country, the Prime Minister of Meghalaya, Narendra Modi, has praised the reputation of Meghalaya in football. also produce many players.
It is located far away from Kupli Assam, 100 miles from Saipung.
Some of the tourist spots that Dr. Evarist Myrsing wants to develop as a tourist destination include Mawïambei, Lum Manik Raitong, Laitsyier-Umtngam Valley Viewpoint, Pamlaban-Pamriniai Viewpoint, Tyrso- Umru Amur Falcon Valley, the capital city of Umtyrkhang and the Mawtari Mountains.
“So it was an unexpected incident but the cause of the violence was caused by people who took advantage,” he said.
This is the article published by Langdoh Ri Blai in one of the articles published in the newspaper of the Seiñlang Seiñraij Shillong.
Mizoram is one of the teams that have reached the semi finals of the tournament in recent years but lost to Meghalaya this time.
He said that under his tenure as Secretary, he will try to make the NEC corruption free and bring about transparency.
The outbreak has occurred since mid-June 2021 at a time when Delhi is experiencing the highest number of cases of covid-1
The RKM Dispensary Sohra provides assistance to the whole of Sohra and its surrounding areas.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, C. Syrti said that they have already arrested Jimmy and through this they have arrested Sdangki Myrphet who is another drug trafficker in Jowai.
In a statement sent by the President of the Seng, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, the Seng said that the Seng is concerned about the plight of the students and also raises the question of how long the education will last without Some of the most important areas, such as the construction of classrooms and others, the number of teachers and other requirements, have been provided before the implementation of this new policy.
Speaking on the occasion, George B.Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi Constituency, expressed his satisfaction that the PHC needs an Ambulance to provide medical treatment. service to the sick in the area.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 239 cases, Wet Garo Hills with 44 cases and Ribhoi District with
Or you may have to translate for someone you don't understand.
Our ancestors did not call themselves names, but they looked carefully and compared the nature of the place so that the name, events and story of that place would be preserved for future generations. still coming.
The training center was inaugurated by JU Kharpuri, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of District Sports Officer (DSO), Bah Damang Syngkon, In-charge Principal of the school. Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, Bah Wando Nongbet in the presence of students and teachers.
The revenue collection for all the states of India is T.72,961.21 crore.
“The first meeting of the PMU may be held soon in these days to look into this issue,” he said.
Savio said the GNLA leader Champion is an educated man and he knows why he had to take armed measures for the benefit of the people of Garo Hills. .
By 2020, India will be known as the Youngest Country in the World as up to 64% of the population of India will be young people between the ages of 19-2
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, accepted the complaint and decided to resume the inquiry into the case on the 27th of this month.
We left the meeting because we didn't want to have anything to do with such things.
Last year I had the opportunity to visit this state.
God existed from eternity before the foundation of the world.
Speaking on the occasion, the residents of Mawsynram Constituency, Bah HM Shangpliang, urged the MLA of Mawsynram Constituency Bah HM Shangpliang to take action against the construction of the road. MDC, MLA or Contractor Agency as well, because the development of the area in many areas comes through various government schemes or through the MLA or MDC as well.
He said that if the market comes to this area, it will destroy the water wells where the water comes from Lum Mawpat and goes to the water source in the Sohlang River. The market will damage these and if it affects the water sources in these areas, they will not be allowed to build markets.
On Saturday, RSS volunteers visited Mukhla, Ummulong, Wahiajer and Nartiang villages to distribute up to 200 gloves and 150 masks to vendors and residents.
Bah Shadap said that the videos of the participants should be only 3 minutes and the participants can sing, dance, play, dance and others whatever they want along with the dress of the child. Khasi Hard.
He said that during the frequent visits since October 2023 by the MO, CDPO, LS, ANM, Anganwadi and ASHA, the parents have been explained to take the child to the NRC, Shillong.
SCA (A) beat SCA (B) by 9 wickets.
Dr R. Nongrum, Medical Superintendent of Robert Hospital and Dr Meban Kharkongor, who are in charge of Covid-19 patients at Robert Hospital, said that the hospital has already prepared all the precautionary measures before the outbreak. This patient has been diagnosed with COVID-1
He also admitted that there are more than 200 employees who have been working during his tenure during the last elections.
After these incidents, the news reached the Dorbar Shnong and the Dorbar Shnong called the Nijanduh Phawa on the 19th of April and the village investigated.
As usual, his father said that Conrad will follow in his footsteps by starting from Adokgre and Conrad's election campaign from Adokgre will be a special memorial. eh to your deceased father.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng, 19: Thousands of people have flocked to Kurkalang Square on Sunday evening, the closing ceremony of the Cherry Blossom Festival. The singers who came to perform this evening especially the world famous singer Ronan Keating.
Even as a country this big, we are delivering vaccines to every citizen," he said.
Sir Michael Caine is one of Hollywood's greatest actors and has been involved in the industry for many years.
“For the first time in 50 years, there is a government that is working to rehabilitate and relocate the people living in Them Iewmawlong.
The old shapes have disappeared in the course of time.
Shillong: The Congress party today strengthened its demand for an independent inquiry by the High Court into the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the 13th of July.
Shibun said the party has already lodged a complaint with the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) to demand that he should investigate and punish the perpetrators according to the rules of law.
According to the letter, the Congress leader said that the Minister of Home Affairs has not received the detailed information and facts that will lead him to make such an allegation.
Flybig is expected to provide 312 seats per month and in the next year it expects to carry 16,224 passengers.
It is therefore expected that the District Council of the Sixth Schedule will act as the guardian of the rights of the land owners especially in the ownership of the Khasi land tenure system. .
Shillong, July 5: The wife of Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, has said that she is saddened to see the turmoil in these days within the HSPDP. and the suit was lifted up by my son.
Recently, T.6000 crore has been sanctioned for the development of National Waterway 2 and National Waterway
Ingty will have to submit a report within 30 days.
Laitjem CC managed to finish the innings in 15.1 overs for the loss of 7 wickets.
In a statement, the Seng through its President Bah Sadon Blah said, “While the police are conducting an investigation into this incident, how can the CWC blame the KSU for this incident? Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta were arrested.
He said that 74 residents of Nongjrong village have been sent to harvest rice from two pata in Nongjrong village and the residents of Lapangap village have been accompanied by police from Assam and Meghalaya to to reach their fields at Nongjrong.
On the other hand, the KSU Wahkaliar unit in collaboration with the KSU Sohra circle, left for the office and the BADO together with the junior Engineers of the Border Area Development Officer have started preparations to visit the stadium.
In a petition submitted to the Minister, FKJGP Byrnihat said that the FKJGP Byrnihat is leading on behalf of the nine villages to demand from the government to improve this road.
These roads should connect from one state to another as well as the more important roads within the states sent by the state governments.
Not only the school has been destroyed but government buildings such as the I.C.D.S, the hall of the Longkmie Seng and 3 toilets have been destroyed due to the floods.
If it were according to Schlesinger (suffering is from sin), then those murderers who killed those millions would be called – Kiei? Are they servants of God or doers of God's work? If such suffering is an instrument of warning for sin and transgression, many would not be willing to accept it.
In this regard, Bah Larry Suchiang President of the Killing Unit, said that the Killing Unit is deeply saddened by the illegal mining of land and stones in this area, which has destroyed the environment. The traffic jam on the road has also put the school children at risk of health problems.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K. Sangma said that since the MDA took over the government in 2018, it has set a target for to the young man.
“When we went to look for it and when the villagers showed us the site where the GHADC Museum was built, we were surprised that it was not there but there was a TRI museum,” said Bernard.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Alexander L Hek, on Tuesday expressed his concern over the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state in recent days.
The powder was found to be heroin and weighed 100.56 grams.
On the other hand, the union, through the ADC, has urged the DC of Ri Bhoi, to take action to send inspection and investigation into the factories in this area through the Meghalaya State Pollution Board so that The residents of Byrnihat and other surrounding areas should immediately remove this pollution which will affect the health of the residents of Byrnihat and other surrounding areas.
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, the Union Government is preparing to introduce amendments to the Act which is specifically related to the conservation of forests.
Here I am writing what I see and not what I have seen, and I think all the readers also understand this truth because this is an age when the poor have no place for the rich and the powerful. The righteousness of the poor dies, while the sin of the rich lives. When will the sword of the land come again? To preserve righteousness and truth.
Thank you so much,,.
One of the incidents happened at RMSA Secondary School, 12 Mer Mylliem.
It is to be recalled that in this constituency, there are many candidates from the UDP, Bah Pyndap Wanmi Shadap who passed BSC Hons, Bah Leiwan Lamare who passed Class Vi and Bah Ribaitmi Lyngdoh who passed Class Vi. Shillong, July 15: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHA DC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and Bah Lamphrang Blah, Executive Member (EM) in charge of the Elaka Department, have visited the The Sanad to the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima, Bah Amosstar Malngiang, who was elected as the full Syiem of the Hima, was held today at the Hima Palace in Mawsynram.
“If jobs are allowed and even small jobs have to spend days and travel expenses, sometimes there are times when it is impossible to meet government officials in Jowai or Shillong who They have to do their jobs and there are also jobs that cannot be completed within 10 days. This affects them. This makes it more difficult for them to go two or three times to complete their jobs. If there are fully functional departments in the district it will help a lot and it will not affect the time and cost of work and at the same time if there are all the departments of the government it will also create employment opportunities. the people of the district,” said the former MLA.
We have a North Eastern Council (NEC) which has strengthened us to speed up development works in the region,” Singh told reporters in Shillong.
Shillong, July 16 : Up to 53 participants from 12 districts participated in the Pistol Shooting Competition of the Meghalaya Games 2024 which was held at the 2nd Battalion, Goeragre Tura on Tuesday. two.
According to Kumar, MeECL has sent a proposal to increase the price by five percent.
The number of cars is also the same.
The Association includes six villages of Sonapyrdi, Sakhri, Lum Tongseng, Shymplong, Borsora and Kuliang along the Lukha River in Narpuh District.
He said many countries in the world are taking care to protect the environment by planting many trees and to stop destroying the environment, because they understand that without the environment mankind would not have life.
Ardent, who is also the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), raised this question through a debate on the Zero Hour which he brought in the House on Tuesday.
However, on 18th July 2023, the Special Judge (POCSO) Nongstoiñ, after considering the evidence found in the investigation, sentenced Sheldar Syiemlieh to imprisonment. up to 10 years and a fine of T.20,000 thousand under Section 6 of the POCSO Act.
Dr Mukul said the Chief Secretary has been directed to hold a meeting on this issue and has also been directed to prepare for the Tenancy Law.
Police said that about 10 or 12 people were involved in the attack and injured the engineer and police are conducting investigation and searching for all those involved.
The selected boxers of the Green Heart Boxing Club include Monfill Marweiñ, Mack L Marshillong and Bashemphang Shillai.
One of the schemes discussed at the meeting was the Pradhan Mantri Awareness Scheme-Gramin (PMAY-G).
Gangtok, Sikkim is 125 km from New Jalpaiguri railway station and 114 km from Siliguri railway station.
Aminur Aslam, Chief Adviser of the Assam-Meghalaya Peace Forum, Aminur Rehman, Joint Secretary, IGP of the Assam-Meghalaya Peace Forum were also present. to GHP Raju.
Samla Donald V Thabah, said that on the night of the 5th of July, gunshots were heard in the Khasi village. seen from time to time.
After the incident, the school authorities have informed the village authorities and the law enforcement authorities who have gone to investigate the damage. school.
US President Joe Biden said in a speech on Sunday that the US has sent its troops to evacuate the country's citizens who are still stranded inside the country. At the same time, Biden strongly condemned the differences of opinion between the leaders of the two armed forces, which led to the war at such a time.
The hill station of Meghalaya is famous and is one of those 'Hill Stations' where people are smart to come for hill sightseeing.
They should be their own subjects and once their CEC or High Command has decided, they should obey them whether they are white or black.
In 2013, there were 343 cases of violence against women, in 2014 there were 480, and in 2015 there were 334 cases of violence against women.
He said that ASHA workers, Angwanwadi workers, cantonment workers, ambulance workers and body bearers will receive assistance as their service to these victims.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah Ryngkatlang Lyndem MDC Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh Constituency who is also a former member of KSU Laitlyngkot Unit. the backwardness of the youth in education and to engage in any activities that benefit the society.
In a statement, Maitshaphrang through Bah Michael N Syiem Convenor said that these brave deeds of Phan Nonglait have inspired our nation today as it is a small nation which has been surrounded by foreign nations. he's already paid.
The owner of the training camp, Ma Pyndaplang Muksor, who is also the Camp Commander & Training Incharge, said that this training is the 8th Batch which will last for 2 months and will start this month of July.
Nongpoh: U Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Secretary to the State Government, today inaugurated a road used by three villages including Mawryngkang, Umsehkhlieng and Umtumur.
On the General Council, he said that the party has elected the members of the Nomination Committee because as usual, the party before going to the General Council or elections, elect members to serve on the Nomination Committee.
“I don’t agree with this allegation.
“We as the party have not lost hope, although we have faced many challenges and we will work hard to develop the young PDF,” said Bah Mylliem.
Of these 24 cases, 11 cases are from Goalpara, three from Nalbari, three from Tinsukia, two from Dibrugarh, one from Kamrup, Nagaon, Karbi Anglong and Dhubri.
Everyone has the right to a home or shelter to sleep and raise their children.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The Supreme Court has postponed to the 16th of this month the decision on the powers of Rangbah Shnong in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Sangma said he has not yet joined the BJP but will join the BJP soon, and announced that he will contest the 2023 MLA elections from the BJP. BJP) Rituraj Sinha has said that the people of Meghalaya should support the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 5 of the Constitution. in India.
“On our part, we will give 10 days to the government to take action on this and if it does not take action within 10 days, we will send a letter to the Human Rights Commission,” he said. Really.
Amazing said that he is still a supporter of the UDP until the end of the term of the MLA, but if they refuse just because they demand this quota, he cannot. to do something.
Mizoram won the gold medal in the men's singles final after Alberto beat Lalruatsanga 9-11, 11-8, 11-1, 11-4, -10.
He said that according to the present era, there are tools and resources to help these people to acquire education so that they can participate in many activities related to the development of the country. social and economic.
In addition, people who do not have land to build houses will get land to build houses.
The Legislative Assembly on 19th November 2019, has decided not to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state and not to fully implement the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 in the state.
Therefore, I request the law enforcement authorities to investigate immediately and punish those involved in the expulsion of this man and protect him.
On the other hand, the plaintiff Kaustav Paul, who appeared in person, said that the report filed on behalf of the State Government did not specify when the construction of phase-I of the Shillong-Dawki road will be completed. will begin.
There were also other programs organized by the 5 Units of Kur Khonglam such as traditional song from Pynursa Unit, Skit from Sohryngkham Unit, Pliang Dance from Lumkseh Unit, Khalai Miaw Dance from Lumkseh Unit. Sohra Unit and Shillong Unit.
Everbrightson S Mylliempdah scored a hat-trick for Meghalaya in the 70th, 75th and 20th minutes. the 80th minute of the second half.
The Rangbah Shnongs said that in any case, they will give their full support to Bah Ardent from now on and if there is a public protest, they will protest at any time.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC has become the winner of the 3rd Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy of the Super Division Football League.
“In East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi, all the works for the construction of the railway line have been suspended and there have been discussions with the Government of India on the allocation of funds from the for this railway project to be implemented in other parts of the state”.
Because of the incident, the man tried to forcibly change the umphniang but while he was washing his hands, the girl managed to escape from the gym.
Media reports said that in the new year there may be a political change in the District Council which will soon appear outside as the protest is still going on.
Ampareen said the committee for women will take action against the incident and will hold a meeting on the 15th of this month to discuss the matter.
It is reported that more than 200 songs were recorded in the vehicle.
According to Yuvraj Malik of the National Book Trust and Pravin Bakshi, officer of the state government, the Book Fair will feature many books written by famous authors. and those who are good at reading can buy at a lower price.
A surveyor of the Geological Survey of India (GSI NER) and a temporary driver were shot dead by four unidentified persons.
I would like to urge all the Hynniewtrep brothers and sisters to stand together and give their full support to the demand of the Jaintia Durbar for the Khasi-Jaintia State. Trep State" which is the name of the Khasi, Pnar (Jaintia), Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam which has been accepted by all the intellectuals of our nation such as Soso Tham and others. others since ancient times so that the Hynniewtrep people and their heritage can be freed from the humiliation and enslavement of other peoples who are less than us in terms of population and knowledge. intelligent.
Other leaders from other parties were also welcomed to join the UDP including Pastor RR Marak who is the leader of the Congress party and a strong supporter of the incumbent MLA MM Dango. Marak from Rajapara, D.Lyngkhoi from Wahkaji, Dango's biggest supporter, joined the UDP. P.Snaitang Secretary BJP Ranikor Mandal was also welcomed. Welcoming the participants to the meeting, the Secretary of the UDP Youth Wing Ranikor Circle, Bah Bahun S Basan, praised the work of the incumbent MLA of Ranikor. He said that a year before the elections, the census was conducted by the MLA's staff to take names from many households and ask for Xerox copies. EPIC.He also alleged that there are other people who have come to the area with the intention of selling goods to the people to buy with money. “It is understood that former Nongshken MLA Donkupar Massar has now gone to Ranikor constituency to contest the election,” said Bah Bahun without naming anyone.
When asked what strategies should be used to reduce the power outage time, he said that what is needed is how to get more electricity and reduce costs and losses.
On the other hand, the residents of Jaïaw Shyiap – Lumpyllon and Riatsamthiah have praised the police for their actions against these youths.
“In this regard, treatments such as rheumatism, rheumatism, and wrist replacement have been done mostly at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Through the assistance of the leaders of the KSU Warmawsaw Unit, the teachers of the school, expressed their gratitude to the KSU, for these tins donated by the KSU, they will receive to cover and cover the school properly and to protect the children from the rain during the rainy season.
Donboklang Kharkhongor (4 overs: tied for 31 runs: 5 wickets) and Wanbor Lamare (4 overs: tied for 24 runs: 4 wickets). ).
Do you have a righteous government?
The bail was also revoked," Lytand said.
“What the people are suffering from under the BJP rule is that they are told what to eat, what to wear, what to say and what to do, by killing those who eat beef, who create differences among the communities,” he said. , said the Congress leader.
I believe we all want to see a strong and developing country and nation in all spheres of society.
Earlier, Pastor Thawmuit said that music has the power to be a message to change the world.
Bibiana Rani from Nongtraw, East Khasi Hills said that their CSB has about 200 varieties of seeds.
“We have come to this meeting to explain to the public our intention to move forward regarding the implementation of the Roster System,” said VPP President and Nongkrem MLA, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit. Speaking at a public hearing on the Roster System and recruitment at Madan Heh, Mawlai Phudmuri.
He also forced the Bri Sohniamtra of the Khasi at that time.
On Tuesday, Biden congratulated Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on his re-election bid.
OK magazine, in a statement, said that the couple, while on the special plane, had a love affair that was too much, as if they were still in their teens.
Gurung finished with 9/41 after scoring 6/25 in the first innings.
He said that the parents did not know that the child had fallen into the pond, but they were surprised until Heprit Robert Manih, had already pulled him out of the pond and brought him home. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Freewell Manih.
“Youth, improvers and workers, for the present and the future”, where Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat was the chief guest to conclude this month of Mawkyrwat Youth Festival.
The Internet was also shut down for several days and the curfew lasted for several months.
The Chief Engineer of the building is Sir Teja Singh Malik and there were four contractors including Sir Sobha Singh.
Health and hygiene play an important role in our daily lives.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) issued a guideline in June, recommending the use of self-made masks to cover the nose and throat.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on 19th October, 2013, has seized a large quantity of Phynsedyl and Shini from the smuggled drugs. border part of the country.
East Khasi Hills has 62 cases, West Garo Hills 6, Ri Bhoi Hills 3 and East Jaintia Hills
Many of them have been ruled by the Congress Party itself, or under the leadership of the Congress Governments.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Hima Sohiong, today turned up at the KHADC office in Shillong, led by Bah March Kupar Thabah to demand that the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos and the EM in charge of the Elaka Department, Jambor War, urged the immediate removal of Bah Banshemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 05: The employees of the National Health Mission (NEAM) on Saturday held an election to elect the new office bearers of the National Health Mission (NEAM). The election was held at Mae Dow Gande Hall, Jaïaw Lum Batemon with the participation of more than 300 members of the Association including the Different districts of the state.
The deadline for submission of all books is 31st July 2019 by dropping them off at Rilum Offset Press near the office of SDSEO, opposite the Synod Complex, Mawkhar. u 9436726491/7005393518/9485392142/9863512985.
FC Goa have confirmed the release of State footballer Redeem Tlang and seven other players from the Indian Super League after his contract expired on Tuesday.
He said that talks have been held with these MLAs but the goal of announcing has not been reached until a final decision has been taken.
Such peace shall never be found again.
of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Dr.Caleb Harris, Additional Professor, Dept.
This KFC Bucket is like a canvas for them so that they can showcase their talents and showcase the beauty of different regions of India with 150 different decorations.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Ri Bhoi District has demanded that the NH-6 road in Ri Bhoi District should be closed due to the excessive deterioration of the NH-6 All the damaged parts of the Four-lane in Ri-Bhoi, from Jorabad to Umiam, should be repaired or improved.
