He said that as he has assumed office as the Minister of Social Welfare, he will ensure that no one especially the police should conduct the investigation. In case of arrest, the police department should immediately inform the Minister concerned.
BJP Meghalaya Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang has congratulated the Union Minister in charge of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari and the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the allocation of T.1,2 crore for the improvement and widening of the Phulbari-Tura section of the National Highway 127B in the state.
He stressed the need not to be afraid, but to have courage and bravery to face the challenges of life, to build society.
Dr. Rinku Das, Head of the Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India, said that the purpose of this special training program for women is to encourage and motivate women. to stand on their own feet to support their families by setting up various jobs.
Do you think that living for three months without a salary is not a job?
Furthermore, the two organizations said that according to their information, many of the youths of Dong Ri Bhoi, have complained to them that they have done well in the examinations and that they have done well in the examinations. Those who have many years of experience in the field but have not passed, while those who have just passed and those who are junior have been awarded.
They know how to maintain their dignity and value their purity and dignity from home to abroad.
New Delhi: BJP leader Smriti Irani has strongly criticized the cooperation between the two political parties in Uttar Pradesh, including the SP and BSP. and he sat down on his bicycle, and the wheels were broken.
Four persons including a child were seriously injured in the incident.
However, it is sad that even in this crisis and sorrow they have not received any assistance from the governments of Assam or Meghalaya.
As part of the efforts to curb the spread of the disease, the department will also set up vaccination and treatment centers in all the affected districts from this month onwards.
“We come from a group of fighters, but where are those fighters these days?
Tremiki Lamurong shot the ball to Wansiewdor, who put it back for Langshiang and Ores didn't miss the chance.
“The responsibility of the leaders is to pass laws but the laws will be passed by the government or the district council but the main purpose is,” he said.
In this case, 20 bags of plastic waste were collected.
Thus we see that the Khasi blood is pure and that there will be great thinkers and intellectuals in our nation.
Explaining how the victims received the compensation from the Electricity Department, Mondal said that after receiving information about the incident, the Assistant Executive Engineer in charge immediately went to the electricity department. The Senior Electrical Inspector will submit a report on the incident to the Senior Electrical Inspector and lodge a complaint at the Police Station.
He said that for his part, he feels that the right thing to say is to abolish the reservation and let all Khasi Jaintia and Garo contest 80 percent and the best will get the job.
So it is important that farmers get support and the government has launched many programs for them," he said.
We should also commend the youth organizations, women's organizations and other volunteers who have given their hands to carry the burden of the poor and who have been kind enough to provide many assistance, even forgiving or encouraging them. buy water.
Taking part in the discussion on the Budget in the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Sangma stressed the need to involve the Central Government Investigation Teams as the illegal import of supari is not only within the limits of the State.
In another incident, a truck driver, Dilip Pawdel (25), was shot dead at Wahkoh, Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills at 2 pm this morning.
Such training centers have produced a variety of crops that are resistant to climate change.
In the women's category, Iga, who lost as a finalist at the Madrid Open last year, has once again fought to improve her game. to the women's tournament.
Besides PUD U SAM, it is also in the darkness and the constant storm.
Ravindra Jadeja and KL Rahul, who played in the first Test, have been selected for the third Test "after receiving permission from the BCCI medical team", the board said.
Hamewan Rngad scored the goals for Chilliangraij in the 28th minute, Mayalang Lanong in the 38th minute and Chanki Iakai in the 38th minute. Sajemiki Shylla in the 64th minute.
Leaders of various Sengbhalang also took part in the protest on Saturday and Sunday to express their support for this demand.
This is the revelation of the parents who read from the Bible and will reveal that they should be obedient to the Father. I am not wrong in the truth.
However, no one has listened or paid attention to the concerns of the people, she said.
All Post offices are allowed to open on 14.06.2021, 16.06.2021 and 18.06.2021 (Monday, Wednesday and Friday) with reduced staff until 3 PM. Thohdieng by reducing employees.
“The Department of Tourism is busy in its daily activities as we have an MGMP which conducts programs with the participation of about 3000 youth.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the opposition should understand that the implementation of the OTS is not illegal, as even the Indian government has been implementing this scheme for the purpose of The company pays taxes to the government.
The District and Session Judge Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills has sentenced Long Pohshna to imprisonment for up to 7 years under Section 376 IPC. It was decided that Long Pohshna would complete his sentence in prison.
They were both involved in an incident in Sivsagar Charaideo District in 2012 in connection with kidnapping, murder and other crimes.
“We have taken the initiative to provide this garbage dump after the Syiem of Raid Marwet has promised to provide a garbage dump in the Raid areas. “It's a good idea to work with the union for the benefit of the people,” said Bah Lumlang Mawnai, adding that although the union has not yet received the land suitable for the construction of the garbage dump. “I hope that as promised by the Syiem of Raid Marwet, they will get adequate land which will be of benefit to the residents of the area,” he added.
All Lawyers & Staff of Meghalaya, Judicial Department.
At the end of 2010, the funds were no longer available, while 2 km of 10 kilometers as work orders were issued were not affected.
Do you know that the court has already heard and acquitted him of this charge?
When asked, the CLP leader said, “It is up to the people of Ri Lum Garo (to judge) whether the candidate (Agatha K Sangma) has gone according to the expectations of the people or yes, that is up to them.
According to John Fisher Nongsiang, President of the Seng, there are 17 posts in the health department and 4 posts in the PHE department.
Regarding the idea that someone came to plant a bomb, the residents of Iewduh said that they don't know who it is but they saw that there was a smoke from the bomb and they fled. and they shall dwell in their own houses.
We need to know and recognize Jesus in our lives, we need to experience and find Him personally, not just knowledge.
One of them was the Maharam Hima which under the rule of Sngap Sing Syiem resisted the French until
Thus Shella became the home of education and the only State having an educational institution prior to the advent of the British in the hills.
On the other hand, the DC, Bah Rapthap, said that the establishment of this department will help the students and parents who are in trouble every year to enroll their children in school. As the chief guest, RC Laloo said that this house (Iing Bun Mala) was built as a sign in memory of his parents and grandparents, many of whom were teacher.
The place where they died was also a very bright night.
It is cheaper and more effective than the neem urea used today.
"It's just because the farmlands are on the border, and our duty is to protect them," he said.
The Dwarksuid Bridge on the Shillong By-pass has become one of the most important bridges in the state, as many vehicles pass through it. other states in the northeast.
On Tuesday, Ryntih SC will play against Nongrim Hills SC at 3:30 pm.
The order was issued after receiving information that there will be a protest against the ILP by many groups, as well as over the killing of a security guard working at FCI Mawlai Shillong by truck drivers from Assam.
However, in the second half, Gauff came back with a lot of energy to tie the game at 4-4
Regarding the plan to develop the state in many aspects, the Minister continued to look into many plans to bring about development in the state.
Elderly journalist Pushp Paul Singh has passed away.
The Government doesn't have land but in what form they are discussing private land,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, congratulated the Prime Minister for bringing this project to her constituency and hoped that the KJP Synod will be able to serve better through the existence of this hostel. to give to those who really need it.
The Special Investigation Cell (SIC) of Arunachal Pradesh Police has arrested another man involved in the illegal recruitment of teachers and other school staff in Lower Siang district. .
However, the Seng has stood firm and informed the law enforcement authorities.
“They say that the National Seng ends only in Khannapara and we don't want to go outside Khanapara because only from the state we have gained wealth from the environment. wealth was spent to live in other states.
Speaking to the leaders of various political parties, who are contesting the MP election, the answer received from their figures is that no party will win. win, and nothing else will win, immediately.
Salaroh will play against FAM at 1 pm while Catholic Youth will play against Demthring at 3 pm.
Because while you can't ensure the availability of coal, it will be useless to set up a big project because it will remain empty without implementation later so it is not easy if you don't ensure the availability of coal,” he said. minister.
On the other hand, the two state governments have also decided that the Survey of India will survey these areas where the social boundary has been signed in the presence of the leaders of the two states.
Where will this politics in front of the traders lead the state and the country as a whole? Politics in front of many people is only one of the things that they don't think is necessary, but it cannot be said that it is the most important because it is in charge of the administration of the country.
The meeting also elected three members to plan a letter to be sent to the Central Government including Bah SS Rynjah, Bah Morningstar Sumer and Bah B Mukhim.
Besides, Rgh Teibor said that the Sengbah also holds a ceremony for the elderly.
Folate is mostly known as folic acid or vitamin B9
In this age of education, it is believed that some smugglers have been involved in illegal trafficking which has put others in trouble due to the lack of education. The students come from poor families and this delay shows that the government has no responsibility for the welfare of the students.
The owners and managers didn't say anything because they were afraid that the tourists would run away.
Nongstoiñ: The Nongstoiñ Anti-Narcotic Cell (NAN) has arrested another drug trafficker while he was trying to sell and buy drugs.
They are working in government and private hospitals.
The Directorate of Social Welfare has issued an announcement without specifying the age and has set up a selection committee without experts but all government employees have been recruited to be members of the committee.
“We have taken seriously the murder of Josbina M Sangma.
“We need to focus on research for the safety of the people,” he said.
Shillong: BSF troops have seized a sari worth T.10 lakh from the Bangladesh border, Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Police, u Prestone Tynsong said that the investigation is ongoing into the shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih by the BSF in Mawshun village. A truck from Lait lyngkot village, which happened on the 5th of June this year.
Police have also seized 1 grm of drugs.
According to information received by this reporter, these people came in a vehicle, at first they entered the house and stayed for a while, but later one of them came. When the wife of the Sordar tried to give him water, the robbers took out weapons such as pistols and knives. He also warned the people inside the house not to shout or shout.
The Mawlong mawsohriew, which appear like thapbasim on the face of the mountain, do not decrease, but reveal more and more beauty.
Members of the union said that the road is full of snow, which affects the traffic of vehicles and people who need to travel.
In the video, the Chief Minister said that the Indian troops will arrive in Shillong and the government has also strengthened the police presence in the Sohra Civil Sub Division.
“There are 97 households in Kongthong village and I have sent 3,000 soaps and 3,600 sanitary napkins,” said Sinha.
The meeting discussed the MSDE's extensive work in the field of employment and skills development and entrepreneurship, with a focus on empowerment. to the youth of the area through these relevant programmes.
The Chief Minister said that the average number of cases from the rural areas is 50 to 100 people and to prevent this, the Chief Minister suggested that it would be better. to implement containment measures in areas that have not been severely affected by this disease.
On the allegation that the incident occurred due to the inability of the police to arrest or the lack of personnel, Kong Ampareen immediately denied the allegation and said, “Don't blame the lack of others. lack of spirit.
The area, which was attacked by Israel, is the al-Ansar Mosque, where there is also a Jenin refugee camp.
, the answer they received from the ministers and officers was “we have zero fund”.
First of all, the union would like to thank the entire Dorbar Shnong Syndai for being willing to cooperate with the union to demand the replacement of the bad transformer.
Call attention – Call attention The power given to the members of the Legislative Assembly to call attention to the Legislative Assembly on public issues that are urgent in society.
Those who attended the event included the Rangbah Shnong of the area, former leaders of the KSU and other invited political parties.
The Seng has tried to collect figures from the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, which shows that in Meghalaya there are about 250 people who have gone missing every year since they have not been traced yet.
Therefore, the Government needs to consult and enlist the support of various groups.
[Photo and report from NDTV]
The CBI will investigate and the complaint will not be filed in Shillong or Guwahati, but in the central state whether in Kolkata or Delhi.
“They don't have to answer me but they have to answer to the people who will vote, the election is near and it is up to the people to decide whether to vote or not. they".
(It means preaching the Religion and not Christ crucified).
At the same time, the Minister announced that the Baljek Airport will soon be operational with direct flights between Shillong and Tura.
The rice weighs 50 kilos per byrni and has been handed over to the Waheh Shnongs of different villages to distribute to the people who are in need of rice due to the lockdown in the country and the state to fight against COVID-1
Nongpoh: The MLA of Nongpoh, Bah May Raldborn Syiem, today launched the vehicle which he has donated to the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh Proper, for the purpose of using it as a vehicle to carry the They were sent to the garbage dump at Umshangling.
He said that the landslide has caused the road to become very steep and endanger the vehicles coming and going due to the collapse of the road and the steepness of the road from the landslide.
The Parsi have the Parsi Marriage and Divorce Act, 1936. Now the question arises, why does the government want to introduce this UCC? There are some points that we need to know why. you want to enact this UCC.
Furthermore, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that as a leader, he understands the plight and fear faced by the people living in these villages, which are on the Meghalaya-Assam border, because of these. The border villages are also the villages that have been most affected by the spread of COVID-19 and that is why they cannot come forward to distribute medicine to these areas.
KVK West Khasi Hills has invited the Syiem of Mawiang Hima, Bah N Syiem as the Chief Guest in the presence of about 90 farmers and employees of the KVK office. Speaking on the occasion, the Syiem praised the KVK office for training the farmers to farm organic through various new farming trainings.
He urged the people not to buy for money because there is no benefit in buying for money and later it will not change so it is better to choose clean and not to buy.
Shillong, Naitung 22: On the 29th of June this year, the KHADC, through the Department of Trade and Industry, has closed down nine foreign shops without trading licenses in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Trade and Industry. The KHADC, Nichols Roy Building, Motphran, has sent a notice to the owner of the shop before closing the door.
Archbishop of Guwahati John Moolachira led the Eucharist to celebrate and blessed the Golden Jubilee of the Diocese of Tura in the afternoon.
The chief guest was the son of (L) Chatister Kharkongor, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (AFI).
Speaking at a press conference, Paswan said he would contest from Hajipur, the Lok Sabha constituency led by his son. The Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Pashupati Kumar Paras, in his reply, explained about the constituency.
Meghalaya is not a state where the people are bloodthirsty, from the election candidates and the voters.
Many times we voters sit down and elect a candidate just because of a song that makes us happy but we don't care whether the person we elect is able to stand up for us. and especially to protect our rights as citizens.
The Secretary to the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, Meghalaya, said that 8177 cows have been affected by LSD and out of these, 5884 have recovered, 101 have died and 2192 have died. who are still affected by the disease.
Heads of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, accompanied by Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, who also explained to the heads of the MSPB, on the procedure, The screening center is located in Byrnihat.
Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men's hands. They have mouths, but they don't speak; eyes have eyes, but they don't see.
Ben Haden N Marak (40) and Trijal Agarwal (36) scored 64 runs for the third wicket to help Tura exceed WKH .
The NPP has won only four MLAs from the constituencies within the KHADC. Most of the NPP MLAs came from Jaintia Hills which falls under the jurisdiction of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). JHADC) and Garo Hills which is within the boundary of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
Shillong, July 02 : U Minister of C&RD Abu Taher Mondal today said that the Government has no intention of setting up new C&RD Block in the State.
During the inspection, the District authorities of Ri Bhoi, have inspected all parts of the market, where they have not found or seen any activities that could affect the peace and order, but It was seen that all the shopkeepers inside the market were happy with each other and the market was running smoothly in peace and order.
In Class-4, Andreas Marweing won, Safidaber Nongsiej won second and Meliza Sohtun won third.
This desire to know the feelings of those who “follow” or follow our posts has become an addiction because we look at our smartphones every now and then to see if there is anything wrong.
There was also a call for peace and stability.
“Bajop said that in his constituency in Rambrai Jyrngam which is a busy place for coal trucks going to Assam, what the contractors pay to the KHADC is 100 percent. less than they get from these gates.
“If this allegation is true and if the Challan owners find that their Challans have been stolen, they should come forward and also lodge a complaint with the law enforcement agencies with proof. “I have appointed the DMR department as well as the officer,” said the statement.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will celebrate its 50th Golden Jubilee on 22nd June at 1 pm at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Shillong, June 29: Students of St Dominic's College have won the title of winners in the brainstorming competition organized by the Seng Khasi College on Saturday. The gold of the establishment of this school in the state.
When it was 11 o'clock they went to bed.
Nine dewbilat companies have been accused of violating the Act by squatting in forest areas.
Besides the gates, there is also a weight bridge for five trucks before reaching Assam.
When asked, Dr. Syngkon said that the Prime Minister has promised to consider these demands of the party before taking a decision.
The western disaster that these villages have experienced will be very sad and painful.
Fourthly, try to avoid messages that you receive from Whatsapp that do not mislead you because according to these days, we see many kinds of messages that we receive from Whatsapp from time to time because of those messages Those who come through links can steal your intellectual property by clicking on those links.
Therefore, you should not play with life," they agreed.
The party also added that many issues to be discussed according to the wish of the HDPDP that even if they have to join hands in the MDA government, but the party expresses its dissatisfaction and opposition to the introduction of the state government. The HSPDP strongly opposes the Meghalaya Gaming Act 2021, which proposes to build a casino in Khanapara, as it should not encourage gambling. Meghalaya is a state that is not Christian.
All these things and more than that, and so all these things have been tried to be expressed in these buckets or food containers, and these have been given color and this is through the love of KF. from the famous sohniamtra of Nagpur to the beautiful trees of Darjeeling and the bus trains, from the beautiful bridge of Kolkata to the planting of kait in Coimbatore – each of these authorities has They are different from shisha.
When the wind blows, the dewsboh from the soil is carried away and to the lowlands and gradually the fields are left with only the dewksang or sub-soil which is useless. ei is the rep of the riang.
They also made it clear that the BGB should prevent Bangladeshis from entering and crossing the border into India in order to bring peace and stability.
We strongly condemn such a stupid thinking of the NPP leaders.” Besides, he said that the same NPP leaders have also urged the Khasi not to think about the recruitment and just accept it as the government has done.
1917iTEAMS is supported by the Department of Agriculture & Farmers' Welfare and works in collaboration with the Departments of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Fisheries, Planning, Finance, Law, Information Technology, Water Resources, Dairy, the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), Central Agriculture University (CAU), MBDA and State e-Governance Mission Team (S.e.
At present, the club has ended its seven-year absence by winning the League Cup in June. and also third in the Premier League under manager Erik ten Hag for the first time.
The CEM and EM promised at the meeting that they will take all the necessary measures to resolve the issue so that the children of the thousand will not suffer and they will take the right decision.
Shillong: Sandy Nongneng Shanpru, resident of Nongumlong, Upper Shillong, has gone missing since the 12th of this month. If anyone has seen him, please contact the Jhalupara Police Outpost on 0364-2547600 and mobile
When police estimated the value of the ganja, it was said to be worth about T.15 crore, which was loaded into the truck from Manipur and was intended to be transported to Guwahati.
A sweet voice or a sweet voice reaches the heart.
Shillong: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday denied the claim of the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma, that the Mukroh River belongs to Assam. Mukroh is located within the border of Meghalaya.
Shri.Strengthening Dhar (Headmaster of Ratacherra Village)
“If the government wants to build a garbage dump, you will oppose it and the time will come when if the government intends to build a water supply system, you will oppose it,” said Comingone. The problem of garbage so that it does not affect the growth of the park.
Mohammed Siraj continued to be the country's top scorer to finish fourth in the table, behind Australian Josh Hazlewood and Trent Boult. New Zealand.
Fast bowler Akash Kumar Choudhury, who missed the first two matches due to injury, returned to score 10 points. /79 against Nagaland.
The candidates are from 14 political parties and four are National Parties.
Khliehriat, Lber 5 : Students of Star Public School Lumshnong, took part in the celebration of Mines Safety Week held in Guwahati from 6th to 12th June. June 2023 and up to 50 students from this school took part and won prizes in the slogan and poster writing competition.
343 polling stations have been identified as high risk and 375 polling stations have been identified as high risk.
She said that once these projects are completed it will be a blessing to these border villages especially the road which since the state fell under Assam they have not received a road. village and promised to cooperate with the village authorities.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Member Secretary of MSPCB R.Nainamalai said that the suspension was after 427 candidates came to register. to complete the interview for one day, so it was decided to hold it on other days.
These pig seeds were distributed to all the pig farmers in different villages under the Khliehriat & Saipung C&RD Block.
In the complaint, Sharma said that on July 30, 2023, Balwant Bhama had phoned him twice in the morning.
Other Bills passed by the House are the Meghalaya Community and Public Services Social Audit Bill 2017, which will allow the public to audit the works done by the government in all parts of the state. The House also approved the amendment to the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act (Amendment) Bill 2017 according to the demands of various churches.
The HNYM West Jaintia Hills District has said that it strongly opposes and condemns any proposal to build a railway line in Jaintia Hills.
The President of the party, HW Sutong, said that the presence of such people who enter the state without proper documents will cause problems to the citizens of the state.
Regarding this part of the tournament, the report said that the tournament will be open to the public from 20th January to 11th July.
When asked whether there is a way to release coal in the present government, Ma Balious said, “There is no way to release coal in this government”. It is expected that they will be able to pass the law within the next few months and if so, as long as the Coal, Environment and Climate Change Department approves it, it will take two or three months to implement the plan. It will take 3.4 months and Ma Swer concluded by saying, “In this government, there is no way and it will come in the new government”.
He said that the mining method of coal will not be the same as in the past because now it will have to follow the rules and regulations according to the scientific era to protect not only the environment but also the people. employee too.
In yesterday's protest, one person was shot dead by police in Naharlagun.
In just three days of advertisement, 2025 nurses from Meghalaya have applied and only 15 have been selected.
The villages distributed by the KSU Jowai are in Mihmyntdu to 124 households and the villages distributed by the KSU San Village are in Pynthorsale, Mukhaialong, Mutong, Cham Cham and Lumshyrmit.
On this occasion, the program was also enriched by various programs with the participation of the Longkmie of the Rasong Village Organization.
" “Now after she left that side, I think the CBI pressured her to say something or the BJP pressured her to say something, But, I won't say anything but she she helped me a lot, she is a good person for me,” said Bah Pala.
There may be more than 37,000 unemployed people in the State,” he said.
Sometimes, even when there is nothing, the sound of gunfire comes to the ears and the reason is because of fear.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing and police have registered a case against the suspect.
They said that even though there is a pandemic of covid-19 in the world, how in other states, Assam, has already announced the results of the police recruitment. and the army, but by delaying to explain why the covid-19 pandemic is only in Meghalaya, they said.
Abraham gave an example of the judge of the world, who judges righteously, when he judges the righteous among the wicked.
From the gang, the security forces of the forest department also seized five homemade rifles, several rounds of ammunition, wild boar meat and other items.
Himanta Sarma recently said that the Survey of India has started surveying at seven places to determine the proper boundary.
While the floods of the Wah Myntdu have covered Syntu Ksiar and Yalong, the 24 hours of heavy rainfall has caused damage to many villages in the West. Jaintia Hills District which includes Chilliangraij, Tympang, Iawmusiang, Caroline Colony, Riatsiatsim and Khliehingriang has been affected by floods and landslides.
The leaves of tartaricum are thicker than those of plate.
They have already mismanaged the posts of senior ministers along with the posts of residents in the new government.
The HSPDP won two MLAs in the last MLA elections and is now working with the NPP, UDP and BJP in the MDA-2 government. he is a Minister in the State Government.
After Umesh couldn't hold back, he told both his wives the truth and on learning of the incident, Sudha lodged a complaint with the Bengaluru police, but he calmed her down. She promised not to report to the police and he promised to take good care of them both and to stay in each house for a week.
People from other constituencies also came but their demand was that the transfer of villages from one constituency to another should be arranged.
Nongpoh: After receiving many complaints from the people regarding the lack of ambulance at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) today demanded that the government should immediately install one. The ambulance at the hospital, which is also located in the center of Nongpoh.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, has donated a garbage truck to the residents of Pahamsyiem village in Nongpoh. Saturday at the ground floor of the Pahamsyiem Dorbar Hall.
“I am a servant of HDR, HDR has been a minister for a long time, but there has been no change, it shows that he is irresponsible, there is no development in Nongspung-Sohiong constituency. " he said again.
Teilinia Thangkhiew: There is a need for an independent inquiry and a time limit should be set for completion. .
The cost of installing one solar light will be up to 9060 tyngka and this price is very low.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA Kennedy Khyriem today filed his nomination papers as the Congress candidate for the 2018 MLA elections.
The most important thing we want is peace and security for the future.
Tharai, I don't know what to do with those who are old,” said the father.
The KSU urges the government that instead of preparing that road, it would be better if it strengthens the demand for ILP from the central government and not just end up in the media.
Meanwhile, Bah LS Lyngdoh, Secretary of the PDF, said that the PDF ticket from Mawlai will not reach Bah Teibor and it may go to Sarita Lyngdoh. The party has asked for clarification from the party, but surprisingly, the party has replied that the candidate is still being considered and will be decided by the Central Election Committee (CEC).
After this, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh I.Sun and Rgh Paia B Synrem, said that according to the permission of the authorities and directed by the Seng Khasi Kmie, , this year's Kiew Pyneh Rngiew will be limited to a few people and those who can attend will be only those who have received the entry pass. deal with this setting.
The meeting was attended by about 500 people from all over the villages of Mawhati constituency in the presence of party leaders including BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh, General Secretary David Kharsati. BJYM State President Egenstar Kurkalang, BJYM State President Clement Shadap, President of 22 Dorbar Shnongs.
Banteilang Syngai scored three goals in the 22nd, 25th and 35th minutes.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Friday submitted a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar demanding that the government should not pass a law or policy. to introduce a scheme as part of the Education Scholarship so that children from low income families who have education, but who are no longer able to attend school those who are higher educated to be able to continue their education through government assistance.
The distribution of scholarships will be based on the level of education of the children.
The opposition has clearly understood that it needs the support of the ruling party members to win the NC as there are only 14 members and they need 31 members to overthrow the Lamphang.
Niel Herbert Nongkynrih, who studied music at Trinity College, London, returned to the country in 2001 and founded the Shillong Chamber Choir.
Minerva scored the first goal in the 84th minute through Mahesh Singh. Lajong players scored the first goal of the match.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: A MeECL employee has been tied up by the crowd at Tynring village in East Khasi Hills today.
Gatherings of people are also prohibited from opening all places such as markets, cinema halls, sports grounds, entertainment venues, tourist attractions, shops, bars. training centres, coaching classes, places of worship, restaurants, bars, but not allowed They will do home delivery or delivery of food to homes.
Rapbor Nongrum was released on bail on three charges.
“The allegation of the JSM is groundless and before publishing the news should be confirmed,” said MLA Nartiang.
About 10 candidates from other parties including Congress, Trinamool Congress and others have joined the NPP. Tynsong (Pynursla), cabinet minister – Sniawbhalang Dhar (Nartiang), James PK Sangma (Dadenggre) and Dasakhiatbha Lamare (Nongkrem) – Wailadmiki Shylla (Jowai), Comingone Ymbon (Raliang), Sosthenes Sohtun (Jirang), Pyniaid Singneng Syiem (Mawrang) ), Gigur Myrthong (Mawshynrut), Timothy D Shira (Resubelpara), Rupert M Momin (Kharkutta), Pongseng R Marak (Bajengdoba), Jim M Sangma (Rongjeng), Marcuise N Marak (Williamnagar), Abdus Saleh (Rajabala), Thomas K Sangma (North Tura), Rakkam Sangma (Rongara-Siju), Brening Sangma (Dalu).
“In my opinion, I see that many people have become addicted to drugs and started stealing and in order to escape from that, on my part as the founder of the club, I We are ready to work together with the village and various departments so that we can develop the children,” said Bah Surong.
Noting that it is enough to bring development projects such as Block and Sub Divisions closer to the people, he said that to deceive the people to lay the foundation stone before the elections is not appropriate and many MLAs will lose.
She said that although the factory has not yet started producing coal, it has affected the drinking water supply. If it is fully operational, it will damage the environment and the rivers.
“While I am trying to explain to you, these include jobs like junior scale MPS and UB/AB,SI, all these jobs require young people, so the entry it is not set according to the number of works.
Shillong: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, regarding the insults of the party on social media.
He said for the post of Police, the Government has decided to revise the age limit for the post of Sub Inspector (SI), the Cabinet has approved to allow up to 27+5 years relaxation. up to 32 years for Schedule Tribes.
The storm has destroyed houses and trees in some places.
Shillong: U Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today visited the mother of Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin, who is suffering from old age from Domiasiat Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that after receiving information about the production of garbage in Byrnihat through the factories in the area, the union has lodged a complaint with the DC. The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPC) has decided to send for inspection and investigation into the factories in the area so that they can immediately eliminate this pollution which affects the health of the people. residents of Byrnihat area and others nearby.
"The Islamic Emirate, or formerly known as the Taliban, wants the people to live in peace and not be afraid, but work together," he said in the 42-second television programme.
In fact, the government should have abolished all those Councils, Commissions, Boards which do not provide benefits and the employees there should be retired after paying them the salaries they deserve. .
They also pointed out that Section 29 (f) of the Act states that the language used for teaching is the language spoken by the child from childhood.
The Sumo overturned and hit the woman until she died while another woman was injured.
Aizawl FC have moved up to second place with 17 points from 9 games.
Wasa FC managed to turn the tide in the 86th minute.
Furthermore, as I explained in my article "Why People Are Arrogant" in the past few months, these arrogant words are arrogant and arrogant. (superior, greater, bigger) to those people who use them and how many of those people who use these words boast of themselves as braver, superior and more willing to do or say something. what to others of their fellow human beings and so on.
Later, he resigned from Ampati to allow his daughter Miani D Shira, who is also the current leader of the constituency.
The tournament is also part of the preparation of the district athletes for the state championship to be held in Tura next month.
This will shape the ways of working, discussing and taking advice from experts, those who shape policies, those who can influence people's minds through social media, those who lead people to tourist attractions and also officers of DoNER and State Government departments.
In fact, Mordecai and the rest of the Jews had to put up with it.
On seeing the incident, friends who worked with the youth, informed the authorities and after that they took him to the Civil Hospital Shillong, but after a while it was announced that he died. the young man has passed away.
Remember that the Constitution cannot issue certificates of citizenship to foreigners.
Other goals were scored by Redondo (17′min), Codina (45′min) and Hermoso (70′min).
Speaking on the purchase of the Rafale, Gandhi said the purchase of Rafale equipment is the most expensive in the world and therefore the United Progressive Alliance government wants to allow Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd. build airplanes.
Regarding the loss of the transformer, the engineer said that a complaint has been lodged with the Executive Engineer, Moowakhu.
The judgment stands against the one who has taken possession of the land.
There will also be a ceremony to honor and award prizes to the youth of the kur who have passed well in various subjects, from matriculation to PhD/Doctorate.
The Congress will rise and so will the Shiv Sena.
Regarding the Umrangsoo branch, Bansharai Warjri, Organizing Secretary of the party in the presence of Education Secretary Donald V Thabah, other members and staff of the party confirmed and swore in the leaders of the party. lead the organization.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the father said that his daughter died on the night of the 23rd at about 11 pm.
Who is willing to take the life of our parents who have cared for us and raised us since we were born?
“As an organization that has a responsibility for the heritage of the Jaitbynriew and the future heritage, we strongly urge the KHADC to pass strong laws,” said Bah. Expensive.
The violence against any student by his or her classmates discourages and destroys the mental and physical health of the victims and affects the mental, physical and emotional health of the victims. This has made it impossible for the refugees to continue their education and this will have a serious impact on their future.
Furthermore, the District Youth Services and the Sports Department distributed sports equipment.
He gave him the gold that was right for the king.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Students' Union (Khanduli Unit) has received a complaint from the residents, regarding the price of sharak in Khanduli which is increasing every month.
The Minister said that the opening of this new C&RD Block is because the MDA Government wants to better implement various schemes and programs of the government.
Finally, the father shows his manly skills.
The Deputy Commissioner said that she will appoint a team to search the areas and these teams will also ensure that the public follows the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. to prevent the spread of Covid-1
I don't know if it's your household chores.
Dozens of villages and lands of the Khasi Hima have reached Assam in this first phase and it has forced the Khasi Hima to go to court,” said the Seng.
Dr Mukul Sangma has urged all political parties under the umbrella of the MDA Government to unite and work with the Congress Party to discuss how to resolve the issues of the people. the state.
There were 36 winners from the States and Union Territories who were selected to take part in the National Round.
Out of the 269 schools with less than 10 students, 169 are Lower Primary and 101 are Upper Primary.
Shillong: Members of the Sur ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, have left the Civil Hospital, with the intention of marching to the State Legislative Assembly, but these members, have been blocked, on their way to march. sha the state assembly, now step.
Without a policy, farmers and livestock farmers will never be able to improve their income and will remain in poverty.
The Ministers of the Hima Mylliem have promised to meet with the KHADC authorities on Tuesday to discuss this issue.
Parida died after falling into a roadside bomb while leaving Sura.
In another development, while the curfew was in force, police today arrested two persons identified as Thrangbor Nongrum, 32 years old from Kyrbom Mawprem and u Shemlad Nongrum, 34, of Wahingdoh.
They pretend to be leaders but auctioneers and patriots but sell the country.
Shillong: Khliehriat Veteran Club and Umsawkhwan have qualified for the quarter finals of the PFR Veteran Cup after beating each other in the pre quarter final match held at the PFR Veteran Cup on Saturday. Malki field.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Hills District (UVHA) led by Bah RL Blah, today met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to discuss the rules and regulations for the implementation, for youth returnees from other states of India.
The department said that although the reply was based on the RTI, the writing in one of the newspapers was wrong without any basis.
Bad Foreign Affairs 3.
Shillong, November 12: Not only in the city, there is a large number of Nepalis but even in the remote areas of the city, there are Nepali villages and this can be seen in Porkut village which falls under the Nongjri area of ​​South West Khasi Hills where there is a village built and inhabited by Nepalis.
“He said that whoever commits these acts contributes to the group, if the police know and have witnesses they will take action according to the rules of law.
The delegation will meet with the Congress leaders in the area.
Khublei Rgh Diamondstone Lyngdoh Mawphlang, may God bless you and your family and the Seng Khasi so that you can continue to play chess. to preserve, to preserve its customs and traditions as laid and laid the foundation stone by the old man, who is gone.
She also said that the BJP government has not provided an injection to prevent the spread of Covid-1
The Seng also urges the parents, grandparents, brothers and sisters to take the responsibility to educate and train their children and family members so that to be free from evil deeds.
The issue of the removal of the incumbent Governor is not remembered except in these days when there is another conflict between the civil society and the incumbent Governor.
Alicia, 26, is the youngest person to take over as the headquarters of the country's leading newspaper, India Today.
Two meetings were held today, one at 11 pm and the other at 3 pm and in these two meetings, decisions were taken which were accepted by both sides.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Saturday demanded that the Central Government should approve the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (MRSSAB) Amendment Bill (MRSSAB), 2020 while it is considering the resolution. The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has approved the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
School children are afraid of earthquakes because the dams are vulnerable to earthquakes.
The poems written by Kong Phanbuh are interesting and meaningful.
We should not take this stingy and we see the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Shillong,” he said.
Tomorrow, Myrjai will play against Moodymmai at 11.00 pm, Khliehshnong Ïalong will play against Royal Pole Mihmyntdu at 1.00 pm and Tympang will play against Mukhla Umlangshor at 3.0 pm.
She encouraged the children not to be shy but to dance with joy so that the shyness will go away.
He congratulated the AMKA for organizing this championship and said that Karate is one of the most prominent sports in the State.
The Scouts & Guides Movement is one of the groups fighting to protect the environment from the illegal logging of trees and ban the use of plastic bags and others.
Shillong: There have been 603 new cases today, including 226 cases in East Khasi Hills, 74 cases in West Jaintia Hills and others.
BJP National General Secretary Tarun Chugh said it was not unexpected or new.
The government should take action on this issue because if the government remains silent and does nothing to get rid of many problems, the elders from the border will not hesitate to go to the higher authorities and even The Election Commission of India has not taken the necessary action.
Kijuhhi Langstang and ANM Manbhadakani Lyngdoh from Ryngkoh Sub Centre, said that they too take a lot of responsibility especially in the field of childbirth. They register and follow up with the pregnant women. Although the Sub Center is not yet complete, they have been able to help up to 25 women to give birth and work hard until 100 percent of women with pregnancy have been vaccinated and this Sub Center is also one of the 100 percent vaccinated women in the list of 18 years and above.
Ms Isawanda said that if we look at the struggle of Kiang Nangbah at that time against the British Government, it was not easy because we are the most backward people, compared to the British Government. Kiang Nangbah and his followers had the wisdom and ability to overthrow the British government and he was not afraid to sacrifice his life for victory.
This is where the benefits of online classes are discovered.
Nongrim Hills opened the scoring through B Swer in the 48th minute to make it 1-0
“Police have been able to take the bodies of the four escapees from Phateok to the Civil Hospital with the permission of the Magistrate who is still on duty,” he said.
Boston Muktiar Advocate S Dey has sent a letter to the High Court requesting that the Lokayukta temporarily suspend the chargesheet.
He said that the residents were explained that they would be injected and after a thorough explanation, 18 people agreed to be injected.
This request came after about 20 farmers, including many others, expressed their strong opposition to the proposal to purchase farmland for the implementation of the Industrial Project. The SIPCOT in Tiruvannamalai district was arrested earlier this month.
He also stressed the importance of libraries, despite the growth of digital information sources.
The MLA said that at present, there are 18 villages under Pynursla Civil Sub-Division and one village under East Khasi Hills District.
“Once you have promised to send the longkmie (Ampareen), I count that anyway, the NPP should not get less than 18,000 votes from Mawkyrwat,” she said.
These youths decided to make masks after there is a shortage of masks in the market and they are concerned about the need for the poor to buy masks to protect themselves at this time when the country is fighting against the disease. coronavirus.
May God bless the Seiñ Raij Tuber,” said Bah Dhar.
Many things about income, politics, social events and others can be read or seen in the newspapers.
As a democracy, let us come out and gather in our respective constituencies to give our opinions, to discuss, to discuss well, so that we can exercise our power as a people. KYNRAD (voters), don't trust only the elected lawmakers.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Shillong Central Division PWD Executive Engineer HS Basaiawmoit said that out of this amount, T.40 lakh has been allocated for the construction of the well in front of the toilet of the Shillong Municipal Board. The well will be rebuilt to beautify Motphran.
Shillong: U Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA) James K Sangma on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Sixth Scheduled Amendment will take time as there will be many challenges.
He said the Urban Affairs Department's land area of ​​about 25 acres and the new jail can accommodate 1,000 prisoners.
During the inspection, after the suspension of the construction of the road by Assam, they also clarified that these areas where the road was forcibly constructed by Assam are within the border of Meghalaya and witnesses have been there since ancient times. The Raid Warmawsaw-Umsohbar which falls under the Hima Nongspung has been inspected and it is surprising that the Assam government has come to build this road exactly by claiming that it belongs to Assam.
According to a report from the rescue department, three people escaped from the collapse but no information has been received on their whereabouts.
The State Education Department has set up a three-member committee to investigate the allegation of submission of forged documents by some candidates in Government Schools under Dadenggre. Sub-Division.
This is the highest number of cases in India since the outbreak of the disease.
I don't know if this month I'm going to take medicine.
Nongpoh: A driver of a bus carrying students has died in an accident on the NH-37 in 10mer village this morning. two other students, who were inside the bus, were seriously injured.
The same woman said that in Kynroh Nonglyer, the authorities from outside will not allow anyone to become Sordar, unless he is an MLA. He said that since Bah Kwit came to power as Sordar, he has also deprived the family of the right to receive 100 days bill under NREGS. Speaking to reporters, Binus said, “My children have applied for certificates themselves and it is their duty for their own needs. the sorcerer didn't," he said.
I extend my condolences to those families who have lost their homes in this earthquake.
At the same time, u Bah Renikton also expects that the transformation of this area will be through the introduction of quality education.
It is also a nation that is famous for its self-love from home to the village, the town or the country as a whole.
It is true that we have differences, but this difference between peace.
Shillong: Sohra, today, received 231.8mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
He said that the introduction of drugs to people is widespread through friends who dress up through tobacco, kyiad, umsoh and other food beverages.
“We on behalf of the party from West Jaintia Hills together with all the units who came here, we have requested him to speak on these issues,” said the leaders.
“I saw this shocking incident with my own eyes and I saw that it was the hand of God that sent the fire into the sea”.
The question arises here, right? The State Government cannot provide employment opportunities to all the youth who have completed higher education.
In his speech, the Union Agriculture Minister praised the ICAR for collecting success stories of up to 75,000 farmers across the country.
In the Under-17 girls' category, Thomas Jones's SS beat KJP Synod Higher Secondary School 3-0
These have affected the income of the family.
At the same time, the AJYWO said that it will monitor until it gets the facts.
After the meeting, prizes were awarded to the winners of the Drawing Painting Competition.
“When I completed matriculation, I took the subject Science and I was very proud of myself but what happened later, I was suspended for 3 years in Class-XII and it was here that I realized that my performance was not enough. I don't want to go to science,” said Bah Shylla.
The first is to punish according to the rules of law the management of IIPH who have made unfounded allegations and defamed the DHS(MI). of Malaria which was formerly located at NEIGRIHMS near the Pasteur Institute, Lawmali and also to set up investigations.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Electronic Media Association (MEMA) today renewed its office bearers.
“The residents who set up homestays are borrowers, so they will pay and the government has decided to open, it is good and the chiefs will not “It's not allowed, because it's the food of many residents,” he said.
On the other hand, the DG also met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Sri Satya Pal Malik and informed him about the plan to expand the NCC in Meghalaya.
According to the letter received from the Government on 31/Lber/ 2023, which has ordered to take no decision, but it is understood that according to the letters of resignation, they have stopped working for these employees. PHC, the reason given is that they have not been able to submit their certificate of registration to the Nursing Council.
“Let it be so,” said the mother and smiled at the youngest son.
Regarding the oxygen generator at Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong, the oxygen generator at Ganesh Das Hospital, RP Chest Hospital and Civil Hospital, Shillong will be commissioned tomorrow. government of India.
It's a hopeful witness from the people".
The second and third goals came from Marsan War 24', Saniroi Suchiang 40' and George Fredrick Khuid 89'
The HITO has criticized Amit Shah for alleging that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in India.
Investigations will continue to identify those involved in the bomb blast, murder and vehicle destruction; However, from the videos and photographs, it can be seen that the incident is not something that the villagers of the area should take stingy, because it is a crime. This is evident from the outbreak of the village with the trees and then the destruction of the vehicles that were in the area at that time.
"“This action of you leaders, will affect the Seng a lot because I have been informed by the Seng leaders from Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi and elsewhere, that you are spreading threats to those who are not from Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi and elsewhere. the Seng, because they are rich.
The Deputy Commissioner & Chairman of the Regional Transport Authority, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has authorized the Regional Transport Authority, Jowai to issue 150 Permit Local Taxis for the youth. don't have jam.
Dozens of churches, places of worship, houses, schools and educational institutions were also burnt down, until the police and army intervened, as guns and weapons were used. According to articles circulated in the newspapers and social media and confirmed.
It is also clear that the Khasi Pnars were the first to settle in these areas and until now there are still those who have converted themselves into Pnars, namely the Timung Pnar and Teron Pnar as we all know.
“We hope that in the coming years, we will be one of the states to produce rice seeds and export them across the North East,” he said.
“We will soon pass the number 30 and we will be able to rule the state at this time.
However, we look closely at any allegation that threatens our democratic constitution and are grateful to the New York Times for publishing this piece of this work.
Think carefully before increasing the fare. As one of the students, I strongly condemn the behavior of all the drivers.
Speaking to reporters, Bah D.Laloo President MPUF said that the MPUF has sent a proposal to the Rangbah Shnong of Wahiajer on 11th July 2013 to grant the land. He said that on 14th July 2013 , a request was sent to the MP of Shillong , Ma Vincent Pala , to take the necessary steps to bring about the NEHU in Jaintia Hills and finally the plan to establish this department of the university has come true.
He said the delay in passing the Bill has caused anger from the people and the Dorbar Shnongs.
The deportation of 49 people comes after 78 people were deported yesterday.
Pynursla Police Station rushed to the scene and took the injured to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
In this regard, FIDE has organized the first Chess Olympiad Torch Relay as a symbol of the tournament to be held in India, the birthplace of chess.
The Students' Association has decided to hold an indefinite strike at its meeting held on the 7th of this month.
We have 4 people staying here in Kolkata. If the Government of Meghalaya delays in bringing us back, we will become slaves Shane in Kolkata because we don't have the right spirit. The owner of the house said that this month we have to leave, I believe that the government has to leave. I'm sorry for the inconvenience,,here in Kolkata,I've been in Meghalaya for only 10 days,,,,,I've been in Meghalaya for a long time. I don't know if you have symptoms or if you don't have symptoms,,,Hoid you don't have any symptoms. West Bengal Kolkata We are also in trouble now because we are suffering from food shortages because the owners of the houses have asked for rent. Those outside the North East want to return to the state because those inside the North East have been able to return now and we too want to return to the state.
The Court also reminded the State Government that the roster system is applicable only for the recruitment of entry level posts only if the recruitment is also for promotion.
Pa'iem Kynsai said that an attempt has been made to gather all the teachers who have been trained at CTTC to discuss how to join hands to implement the activities related to the 150th anniversary. opportunity for financial assistance.
Without the first step, how can we reach another step?
Only the movement of essential goods should be allowed.
Dehradun, Naitung 8: Two women and a child have died after their house collapsed. The three men died after the roof of their house collapsed. The incident took place in Vikasnagar, Dehradun.
The chief guest who witnessed the closing ceremony of the tournament was Nongstoin MLA Shri Macmillan Byrsat.
On the other hand, the farmers of Lad-Mawiong, Umkhynriam, Ka Jem and Jaranong have taken the initiative to raise funds to repair the road with a JCB. each time from the lack of a perfect road.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the authorities to take action on this issue as if they don't take action, it will cause problems to the farmers. help the farmers.
“Pakistan has reported more than 12,000 cases of COVID-1
Speaking at the meeting, CM Conrad Sangma said that the differences between the indigenous peoples of the Northeast always cause him great concern.
Many of the citizens of India have lost their lives in this struggle and the country is also facing a challenge to its unity due to the emergence of groups demanding on their own grounds.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 9: The Woodland Hospital Shillong on Friday launched a public awareness campaign on kidney diseases in Nongstoiñ, as part of the celebration of World Kidney Day. '.
Shillong: Due to the increase in the number of cases of covid-19 in Upper Bakur and Dong Iew Bakur, according to the results of the test conducted on 14th July 2021, 20 percent of the cases have been positive. The SDO Civil Amlarem, has imposed a curfew from 14th July 2021 until 14th July 2021 until the end of the month. fix something else.
God gives each person his or her own talent, which God gives.
Nongpoh, July 28: One of the BJP leaders, Dr. Dilip Kumar Jaiswal and Member of the Bihar Legislative Council today came to meet with BJP leaders and workers in Nongpoh. This is part of the celebration of the 9th anniversary of the rule of the BJP party in India under the leadership of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India.
Once again, to aspire to be free from borrowing, borrowing and especially from borrowing.
It is learned that after committing the crime, Ardabiang threatened all the family members of the husband and fled the scene.
A coal truck from East Jaintia Hills District collided with a road on the Jowai By Pass on Tuesday.
The driver of the truck has fled the scene and Nongpoh Police Station is conducting investigation to track down the driver of the truck.
“It is! How does this child know how to talk like that?” said the mother and ate the bread.
He said that more than 28 public meetings and 18 inspection visits have been completed in the first phase of demarcation.
He is part of Khelo India and at this meeting he urged the states to give advice to the Ministry of Sports of the Union Government on how to train talented players.
A woman from Moodop Nartiang village has come forward to donate to the poor and suffering families to provide for their needs during the lockdown to fight against the spread of COVID-1 T.1000 per household was distributed to 50 households in Moodop Nartiang on Thursday.
Many times while the government is opening the door for talks with the HNLC, the Prime Minister has urged the HNLC to take a decision and continue the peace talks.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang on Monday announced that after testing all the high risk contacts and completing the vaccination drive in Umwiehsup and Langstiehrim villages of Pyndengumiong village, The containment order has been lifted for these two villages from 9th July 2021 at 6 PM. The order says that all activities can resume in Pyndengumiong village in compliance with the rules. 187 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and 11 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1174 in the state on Monday. .
He was also willing to give his life for the youth, especially those who are homeless and those who have been far away from their faith in God because of the rapid growth. of story cars in the northern parts of Italy.
Jeremiah Lyngdoh Kynshi, who came on the scene, did not score a run in 10 balls until the end of the match.
“All the ethnic parties are involved in the Regional Committees.
Furthermore, from 2011-12 to 2014-15, efforts were made to expand the oil palm area by implementing a special program called 'Oil Palm Area Expansion (OPAE)' under the RKVY scheme.
He demanded that the government should install CCTV cameras at all toll bridges to ensure that those who commit fraud should be punished.
A source from the Ri Bhoi Police said that last night, the Ri Bhoi Police, received a tip that a vehicle carrying explosives, was leaving Khliehriat area, with the intention of exploding. On receiving a tip, the Ri Bhoi Police together with the Byrnihat Police Outpost and the Assam Rifles conducted a search operation in Byrnihat. The vehicle was immediately arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police.
She said that remember that only one child has the right to live, to empower and parents, teachers should teach them that they should not be allowed to touch them, teach them to say yes. .
To clarify now, whether this decision of the Executive Committee of the MFA to abolish the MAL is reasonable.
This is the Rev. Thomas Jones, who came with his wife, Mrs. Anne Jones.
The Motsyiar Grassroots Football Academy is not only located in Mawlai Motsyiar but has also started in the area of ​​Umrynjah.
Therefore, let us sing Thanksgiving together in the heat, in the light as a low spirit in our God, to remove and cure all diseases, plagues, and long Muluk-Jaka. to cleanse the tyrut-the smer.
Robert said the HYC will not oppose the sale of land but strongly opposes the sale of land to the army. “We have experienced contact with the army in Mawshbuit, Upper Shillong and around the area”. .
The MBOSE has released the new textbooks in January-February 2024, one or two months before the opening of schools in
However, it was clear from the President that all the UDP MLAs are united and there is no intention to divide.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: As a sign of appreciation and gratitude to Dr. Andreas Dkhar for his contribution to the health sector, the office of the Joint Director of Health Services (SS) The Out Patient Department of the Shillong Civil Hospital will remain open until 12:00 pm on the 29th of this month.
Only this one thing I want to tell you that we are poor people, we don't have wealth, we don't have thousands, but we are just like that,” said the mother.
This, perhaps, would be a big mistake.
They immediately decided to build the Shillong Greenfield Airport in the Diengpasoh area, opposite the New Shillong Township.
After the meeting, the Chief Minister promised to consider the request of Syiem Khyrim and will also seek a report from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. task.
But you don't have to worry about all this, there are some wonderful treatments that you can treat at home that can help reduce skin problems.
Parents and their children, young children, young children and others who have the spirit of helping together to build the society to help to educate and encourage, to preserve the dignity and manners of our beloved children to keep the name of the LORD from everlasting to everlasting.
However, later, Bah Shylla said that he does not agree with what the UDP and HSPDP have done and their cooperation is not complete because other ethnic parties like KHNAM, and even the PDF I came quickly, without calling together in the same room.
Sunday, one of the days of the month when people still have time to serve their Creator, is truly meaningful and blessed.
Regarding the development works and old projects that are still pending, he said that the government has already completed the water distribution project in Jowai in the last few months, while the project in Iawmusiang is still pending. until now due to the delay of the contractor until this has reached the court.
The word Creator comes first, because He has first set these needs, to provide and then He will create.
In his writing, Pastor Pyrtuh said, “Dear Bah Sanbor Shullai – Corruption, theft, robbery, lying, cheating or murder is a criminal act. need to be investigated and punished according to law.
Therefore, what is needed is for the Ministry of Agriculture to turn its attention to this area, as it is the source of income for many households and perhaps through the assistance from the government, it will further boost their agriculture and income.
They said that the people who came to build and beautify the road were invited by the state government from Kolkata.
The Meghalaya government has said that its main objective in resolving the border issue is to look after the people in the second phase of the talks with Assam.
However, this is not true in India,” said Bah Larsing.
According to information, the well has been constructed under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) or 100 days scheme at a cost of more than T.21 lakh.
To explain to the children about this day, Ms. Handakaru Iakai, Head Teacher, gave a speech on the theme of this day which is Beat Air Pollution.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has declared the 7th of November as a public holiday in the district as it is the Behdeiñkhlam festival.
Finally, the EC of Bakur Village would like to point out that there is no intention behind the scenes to overthrow the Rangbah Shnong and the EC of the Dorbar Shnong Bakur because the EC Shnong under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong has done many things. including to stop the illegal sale of liquor, alcoholism in the village, the trade with Bangladesh during this time of Corona Virus, and others and all these have affected a few people but it brings back good to the whole village.
The aim of Nambie is to preserve and promote the traditional food of Meghalaya.
He also urged to take advantage of the government's assistance to study IAS, which now the government to encourage IAS students to get coaching.
In the middle of the match, Mawkynrew opened the scoring through Borlest Nongpluh in the 17th minute.
He said that foreigners should understand and respect the authority of KHADC and not incite bloodshed.
Metbah is an MLA and Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
“For the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord: and the Lord for the body” 1 Cor 6:1
The Intensified Mission Indradhanush 4.0 will be conducted three times, on 7th February, 10 days and 7th March and 4th April to achieve the target of vaccinating mothers and children. .
In a petition signed by the President of CWC, Shella Block, Gopal Dey, he demanded that the State Government should immediately arrest the perpetrators of the murder of Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta in Ichamati on the 27th of this month. They also demanded to hand over the investigation to the CBI/NIA, to pay compensation to the relatives of the two victims and to ensure the safety of the Hindi foreigners who have settled in Ichamati and other parts of the country. neighboring village.
“An allocation of T.415.93 crore has already been allocated for these projects,” he said.
Dr. DD Blah, Additional District Medical and Health Officer, Ri Bhoi, spoke on many schemes implemented by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare including JSY, JSSK, PMMVY, PMASA, National Tuberculosis Elimination Programme, A.Shongwan, Legal Aids Counsel, DLSA, spoke on the assistance that the people should receive from the National Leprosy Elimination Scheme Legal Service Authority (NALSA) said that through this scheme, the people will get protection from the law if they are not harassed or assaulted to go to the law enforcement authorities for a fair trial.
As Jesus said in His parable of the Sower (Mt 13:1-9, Mk 4:1-9, Lk 8:4-80) shah should not reach 60 shah and if you do not reach 60 shah you should not reach 30 shah.
Shillong: U North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the government should no longer ignore the spread of COVID-19 in the state, especially in Shillong. There has been an increase in the number of cases in the state in these days.
Shangpliang requested the Meghalaya government to immediately provide urgent protection to the people living on the Bangladesh border and urged the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District to address the issue of smuggling. When they entered India, they brought weapons to fight against them and the authorities have asked for help from the police and BSF to expel the Bangladeshis, but so far nothing has happened. you are welcome.
Speaking to media, Rymbui said the victory of the Congress in many seats is a lesson for the Congress, for those who say that Dr Mukul Sangma can no longer lead the party. .
Those youths who are addicted to drugs cannot become thieves if they don't have the money to buy drugs.
These types of soils are also not very good, either in the presence or absence of these natural bodies which I have described in the previous chapter.
Shillong, July 8: “Christian hospitals are the most valuable, where is their Christian spirit?” said Saleng A Sangma MLA Gambegre in an interview with reporters today. Saleng said he has found this in his constituency and throughout Lum Garo.
Once you have received the glory of the Lord God, you have the Spirit of Anti Christ.
“Look, Father, what will happen to these enemies of ours, I feel sorry for them because they don't know what the power of my father is...” said Hep. don't throw stones at the house.
He congratulated the Deputy Commissioner and his office, the members of the Association for their cooperation since October 2022 when the cleaning of the ground started.
Shri.Robert Kharjahrin (President HYC)Rev.Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh (Moderator)9th June, 2023 at 6 pm at Conference Hall, SSA Stadium, 1st Ground Polo.
The tournament, which has been held for more than 10 years since 2004, will witness 948 men and 565 women participating in 14 categories.
Powel Sohkhlet – 98630 63584.
They did not want to leave him because they were afraid and obeyed him.
Such foreign traders are more common in some parts of West Khasi Hills from Rwiang to Riangdo, Nonglang to Langja, as the vehicles traveling to and from Assam are more frequent.
K.Gatphoh – Genfit Gym, in Body Building below 65 kg 1st Johny Dkhar – Body zoo Gym, 2nd Bansaman Pyrbot – Body zoo Gym, 3rd B.Marvin Synnah – Iron House Gym, 4th Ressborn Khongsit – BT27 Paykynte 5th Andrew – Fitness First Gym.
We would like to express our gratitude and congratulations to Seiñraij Tuber, Seiñraij Raij 12-Doloi, Seiñ Khihlang, Seiñ Kur Chyrmang Pyllun, Seiñ Kyrsu, Seiñraij East Jaintia, Seiñraij All Jannita Hills, Seiñraij Shnong. Pamra Paithlu, the Pamra Paithlu Dorbar Shnong and various Seiñ Raij Shnongs in Jaintia Hills.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle on Friday sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of MePCL West Khasi Hills Division Nongstoin to complain about the increasing electricity supply in Mawshynrut Circle. Mawshynrut area, the stinging of line men, the deterioration of electricity posts and the increase in electricity bills.
“If you have to pump water from wells farther away than you have already allocated, you understand that the cost has increased by many times,” he added.
You talk about the loss of billions of rupees in revenue to the State Government but to allocate a room that is left to receive revenue is not possible”.
Daniel 12:11.
Two new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Dharavi, Mumbai today, bringing the total number of cases in the area to five.
Recalling Purno Agitok Sangma (Bam Kwai Dwar U Blei), the NPP chief said that the NPP has served the state with a goal for five years and has also been able to take up issues such as the border talks with the NPP. Assam and only the NPP is willing to take such issues to resolve.
Research : the purpose of research is not to be published; sani is not detailed.
The Minister of Information & Technology, Bah AL Hek, on Thursday said, “We intend to improve the traditional shooting methods in the state to include the state in the map of national and international by contracting with this company".
“You just look at the CAA, it is the politics of the BJP. Before the elections, they brought this issue just to divide people on religion, which we strongly condemn, which we oppose and We urge the people of India, the people of the State to vote for the party that respects all religions, the people who will protect the Constitution of the country, the people who will uphold the Constitution of the people,” he said. Mr. Ronnie.
The helicopter crashed near a copper mine known as Sungun, between Jolfa and Varzaqan in East Azerbaijan Province of Iran.
Bir is a landing ground and Billing is a place where they have to climb what is known as India Paragliding paradise.
Conrad said that after the 15th of this month, these meetings will start at the State Government level as well as at the district level if necessary.
The project was constructed through a public private initiatives project by Star Cement.
Of course, it doesn't mean that women should ignore the Rangbah or that they shouldn't respect the Rangbah but the important thing is to respect the authority of the Rangbah but at the same time to cooperate with anyone. activities for the building of society and the country and the nation.
Other MDCs who contested and lost include Martle N Mukhim MDC Mawkynrew and Bindo M Lanong MDC from Nongkrem.
Sangma said the aim of the program is to revive the income generation through the launch of various projects, from cinema halls to health centers and tourism projects.
Therefore, the Hima should install solar lights, so that the people especially the women and girls who pass through the market, can feel more comfortable especially in the dark evening. .
The year 1966 will also be a memorable year for I (L) Prof.Martin N.Majaw who led the demolition of the 'thei awria' camp near the Umsohsun Bridge which we used to call the UNO. The Dreamland Cinema Hall is now standing.
On the other hand, Dr Wahlang said that the maternity ward at Lawmali, which was destroyed by a fire last year, has been repaired and has welcomed back the mothers who came to give birth.
Swer said the first time they went to submit a letter of invitation was 10 months before the start of the Legislative Assembly which started on 9th October.
Your parents don't have the right to vote.
The Committee was appointed by the State Government on 29th November 2021 to investigate allegations of corruption in the State. technical and commercial losses, employment in three companies including MePGCL, MePTCL and Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Ltd. (MePDCL).
He said he needed 3 groups of singers here.
He said that it is also an opportunity for the people once every five years to allow the UDP to form and lead the Government at this time, and if the people do not and they shall be slain and destroyed for five years.
The participants were led by Donboklang Lyngdoh and Sensei Arjun Sewa.
Furthermore, Dy. The CEM visited Ma Lasky Rymbai, MDC of the UDP who won the second term in Tuber.
It’s a difficult decision and we will face many struggles.
No posters, leaflets, banners, flags etc. are allowed without permission.
Other leaders were also elected at the meeting including Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong, Working President Paul Lyngdoh, Titosster Well Chyne, Metbah Lyngdoh, Moonlight Pariat, Donbok Khymdeit and Maham Singh Sangma.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HSPDP Central Body General Secretary Witting Mawsor, who is also the MLA of Mawshynrut Constituency, acknowledged that there has been such a stir inside the party office. it happened in any organization.
They also requested the Indian govt.
With an extension of five years, that is up to 37 years for all other departments except these four departments,” he said.
Nongpoh: Regarding the allegation by the family members of (L) Kong Skilda Lyngdoh, who alleged that the village council Umran Dairy, has refused to call a village after the death of the Longkmie, the Dorbar Shnong Umran Dairy through the Executive The Committee, which held a meeting today, explained that the KJP Synod Sepngi Presbyterian Church (MRBP) has been in trouble for six years. The case was filed in the District Council Court, Shillong between a group led by Tbn PM Mynsong and Tbn GT Lyngdoh.
Two days after the issuance of the certificate, the women's organizations of the area strongly opposed the issuance of the certificate saying that he is a man who used to commit terrible crimes especially against women and children. they are not whom they are.
Shillong: The Congress MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Bah Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that the people should be careful to vote for the NPP as it is the hand and foot of the BJP. helped the state governments to implement development projects by increasing funds while during the Congress rule it helped without increasing funds.
The cost of paying salaries per month has reached about 9 lakh.
If it weren't for the religious leaders, such as Fathers, Pastors, Lyngdohs and Rangbah Seng Khasi-Pnar, it wouldn't be known who would bury and burn the dead.
However, in Meghalaya, from children who are still in school to those who are not in school, they can buy these kinds of food and drinks not only for those who do not wear uniforms but also for those who wear uniforms. uniform spirit.
The MDA-2 government led by the NPP, BJP, UDP, etc. today started allowing Hindi in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly through the speech of the Governor in Hindi.
All these stories of Jesus are signs to prove that Jesus is the Messiah and came to earth to die on the Cross to redeem you and me from sin.
The GNLA suspect was admitted to the hospital due to illness, and it was when he entered the toilet to go outside that the security guards were waiting outside the toilet, but after about 20 minutes, the suspect died. He did not come out of the toilet, the security guards suspected that he had escaped, and at that time they broke the door and found that the man was no longer inside.
Imphal: Robbers have set fire to the office of Manipur Minister Nemcha Kipgen in Imphal West, showing that the conflict has not ended in Manipur.
This has also angered many churches and many have alleged that the ruling BJP government in the states and the ruling BJP government in India, especially under the leadership of Modi, have given them permission to do so. this is your job.
Banang Skhem Khongsdir, Umniuh TmarThe MP result has shown clearly the will and the country of many churches, whether in the Khasi Hills or in other parts of the Khasi Hills.
The Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs will be involved in the implementation of the programs to be held across the state.
“We want Sohra to become a prominent educational institution in the region,” said the Sohra MLA.
According to Bah Shibun, the four members from the UDP joined the party because they felt and saw that only the BJP can save the JHADC after seven months without salary from the employees to the MDCs. “The reason why they joined the BJP is to follow the example of Mizoram where MDCs joined the BJP because they wanted to speed up the amendment of the 6th Scheduled,” he said.
During the inspection of the new clothes shop, it was found that some shops do not have enough electricity, there is a place where electrical wires are running near the well which is dangerous if people walk.
Mawrathud Village Council does not know the exact cause of the incident but it is suspected that some robbers have burnt down the forest. The people should be vigilant and avoid burning forests which kills many plants, animals and birds, but should take responsibility to take care of the environment.
“During the meeting, they discussed the safety of the people living on the border especially in the areas where there is conflict.
Jamil said the party has more than 1 lakh members in Meghalaya and the party's goal is to bring about change and development in the rural areas. When we talk about economic development in the rural areas, you understand, roads, electricity, education, health facilities and others, as it is now there is nothing in the rural areas,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Lahkmen said that he has requested a report on this and once he has received the report he will take action. When asked whether there is a letter sent to the party leaders demanding that Bah Lahkmen should be removed from the post of Minister, Bah Titos said that he has received the report. On the other hand, the leaders have not received any letter to demand the removal of Bah Lahkmen from the post of Minister of Home Affairs.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that on the issue of Themmetor, the government is looking for ways to resolve the shirt issue and for this reason the government has set up the High. Committee Level.
Shillong: Four projects under the PRASAD scheme have been launched at the 11th International Tourism Mart. Presbyterian Church, Nartiang Shakti Peeth, Aitnar Pond and Charantala Kali Temple.
Anyone who tries to pretend to be a Bishop is not a Bishop of the Catholic Church,” he added.
“The duties that I have to do as Chairman I will do without fear according to the rules and laws,” said Bah Teiñ.
Outside the tin house where they lived, the area was still dark because it was still raining and it was there that the electricity supply lympat ki all the shiing until they died hashen. but they were surprised to find the bodies lying lyngktar outside the house.
Regarding the Waste Recovery Center (WRC), he thanked the Seiñ Raij Jowai and the Dorbar Shnong Sabah Muswang for providing the land for the purpose of disposal of waste. According to the report, after taking a sample from one of the Waste Recovery Centers (WRC) at Umpling Shillong.
-The warning says, “Woe to the children who disobey their parents.
Before the salute, Bah Garod LSN Dykes Deputy Commissioner West Khasi Hills was welcomed to attend the celebration.
Now the areas that have been demarcated by Assam have been transferred to Kamrup for the purpose of facilitating the rule of law according to the Notification issued in 1876, not to own the land. not for any other reason but to facilitate the rule of law," he said.
We also know that there has been a case on the Municipal election which has been going on for decades and there are many who do not like the word or idea of ​​the Municipal, but Shillong cannot stand without a Municipal election. The Urban Council is the head of the Board of Directors.
Shortly after, Bah Lyngdoh led the oath to be vigilant and walk safely on the road.
Also present at the opening ceremony was Kong Trinity Saioo from Mulieh, who received the Padma Shri Award for her leadership of the women of Lakadong in the cultivation of shynrai in the state.
He said the games will also be open to both men and women including adults and children.
Furthermore, the Minister said that this has been done without forgetting the subjects related to the state, culture, the heritage of the jaidbynriew should not be destroyed.
Write down the reasons why the language develops our nation.
In a statement, President Divinson Pyngrope and Secretary Hubert Riang said that the flag was raised because the HSPDP Central Body did not honor the leaders of the party in Nongkrem by announcing the name of the HSPDP. Hilarious Warbah as the MDC candidate 2019 and the statement said that the Central Body leaders have not consulted with the leaders from Nongkrem.
To bring back the past from the past and revive it is a desire for terrible bloodshed.
Nongpoh: About 58 Kuki people from Manipur have come to stay or rest temporarily in Maikhuli village and Pillangkata area, which are border villages in Ri Bhoi.
At the hearing today, on the complaint of the JYF, against the dewbilat companies, which are illegally standing in the forest areas with the public approval of the government.
Meanwhile, the DSEL office today confirmed that the salaries of LP and UP Deficit School teachers have been released and requested the offices of various SDSEOs of the state to attend. The Sanction Order has been taken to expedite the distribution of salaries to the teachers after the deadline for the Financial Year 2014-2
The celebration was held at the District Library Auditorium Hall, Nongpoh, where the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem was the chief guest. Day or the day when the people got their own full District.
The program was organized in collaboration with the Office of the Superintendent of Police, the Office of the District Transport Officer (DTO), the Office of the Executive Engineer (EE). LW Nongpluh Additional Superintendent of Police, Mawkyrwat was the chief guest.
The date of issuance of the gazette notification will be on 20th October while the deadline for registration will be on 27th October.
Aizawl: Amidst the talks to reach the point of resolving the border between Assam and Mizoram, it is surprising to learn that the police from Assam, have set up their posts, in The land was also recognized as the farmland of the first Chief Minister of Mizoram, Ch Chaunga at Zaphai. 2018.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, along with Dilbagh Singh, Director General of Police, laid the coffin of one of the CRP policemen, who was killed in the bomb blast in Pulwana today.
The area known as “BLOCK I” is partly composed of the Dolloi of Nongjngi, Dolloi of Shiliang Myntang, Dolloi of Raliang and Dolloi of Labang-Nongphyllut who have been part of Jaintia Hills since ancient times.
Reachingson Kongwang, General Secretary of FKJGP War Jaintia Circle, said that the FKJGP War Jaintia Circle, after the request of the people to think about this issue, Therefore, the union would like to hold a meeting with the authorities of the area before taking any action in this regard.
Regarding the employment of many youths, although there are many jobs available in government offices, because the MDA government does not have responsibility, but it has been seen that teachers have to sleep on the streets, ASHA workers. Have to go out on the streets, demand salary to support your family, Who is responsible? He said that in Meghalaya there are only two political parties, the Trinamool Congress on one hand, the NPP and other parties on the other.
However, the DC said that he and his PSO have been accused by unidentified persons who have uttered rude words, even after they tried to explain all this.
However, man in his vision believes that the incarnation of Jesus was that God wanted people to accept Him as their God and Savior without force.
Dr.Sylvanus LamareOn the 21st July 2019, when the State celebrated its 47th Anniversary, one of the stars of football and hockey, Handilson Majaw, also known as Bah Handil, passed away. he died after a short illness.
In Rhino, both sides of the road are lined with military-held territory.
Shillong: The Rector of Sacred Heart Theological College, Mawlai, Fr James Poonthuruthil, passed away on Tuesday evening at NEIGHRIMS.
In the second half, Mawtawar SC tried their best to score but Pohkseh didn't allow the opponent to score.
Shillong: In connection with the shooting death of a man, on 28th March 2022, during the march of FKJGP, East Khasi Hills Police, have identified those involved and raided, Police have arrested four persons involved in the incident, while others are still on the run.
At the same time, it is learned that even the MDC of Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malngiang, who has joined the UDP, has not been willing to join the NPP. Lamare, who contested the last MLA election, and the NPP leaders in the state are still arranging this.
Regarding other demands such as Head Teacher Allowance and Indemnity, further discussions will be held with Dr RC Laloo on 30th November.
This has made him uncomfortable to sit idly by, even though he has raised many issues in the Assembly.
The leaders and members of the Executive Committee (EC) were also requested to take responsibility for the task entrusted to them so that the kur can reach its goal as planned from the beginning.
Shillong, Nailar, 08: The Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills has decided to send the list of villages whose residents wish to be in Meghalaya to the Regional Committee for Assam.
There will be no matches in Group A of Shillong zone, Group C of Mawkyrwat zone and Group D of Tura zone on 30th June but only matches will be played in Group B of Jowai zone. Rangdajied United FC will play against Mulait United FC at 2:30 pm.
Not only that, there are also some householders who have set a fixed time each month to pay the rent.
Thus, to address this problem and to benefit the students.
In the Secretariat, Conrad proposed Head Count.
After her father retired from his job as the head of a slasha farm, Sakshi and her family moved to Dehradun.
Sangma said that while she was undergoing treatment in hospital for her injuries, after being attacked by these men, the Chief Minister came to see her at the hospital. Amita wanted to tell the Prime Minister what happened to them.
The suspect was identified as Hardeep Singh Nijjar, a Sikh but a Canadian citizen.
Voters can check their names on the list posted at the office of the Electors Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, Amlarem during working hours, qualifying hours. date) for this Electoral Roll shall be on 1st July
In Zareen Nongrum I was awarded the National Award for exceptional achievement for excellence in the field of Musix (2006).
Even the clearance for development within 10 km has to be obtained from the SCNBWL and the mining is a private or factory activity and not a job. In this regard, the JSM, a group concerned about the impact on the environment and plants and wildlife of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary, Star Cement has protested against the construction of a mine in Brishyrnot, East Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya because it is not located near the Eco Sensitive Zone of Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
“It's just because you want to be happy that you're suffering now...” said the mother. “You just said...” Rida said, “Tomorrow I'll have to go to Thanat... I don't know what will happen. ..." said the mother.
To bring linkages with markets, APEDA has organized field visits of the buyers to learn firsthand about the farming practices of the farmers through inviting these buyers from different countries like the Middle East, the Eastern Region, Europe and Australia and others.
They also demanded that there should be a full office of the Sub-Divisional Medical and Health Officer in Amlarem, as at present the SDMHO does not have a full office.
The DC said that if there is a shortcoming in the National Food Security Act ration cards, the residents can print the photograph of the card with proper documents and if found to be genuine, they will be punished. give them new cards.
If we can reason well, we’ll be able to make the best decision.
The nation expects all the ethnic parties and Khasi MLAs to unite.
Through this programme, the government is assisting patients through Ayurvedic treatment to treat Iron Deficiency Anemia (IDA) in women between the ages of 18 and 45 years in Mawpat and Mylliem Block of East Khasi Hills district. under the AYURSWASTHYA Scheme.
The Journey to the Shyiap – Chapters 10,11 (By Hughlet Warjri).
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu has said the country will fight a long and tough war against Hamas.
In East Khasi Hills, 95 cases including 7 from Armed Forces, in West Garo Hills, 25 cases including 4 from Armed Forces and 21 civilians, in West Jaintia Hills, 7 cases, in North. There are 3 cases in Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi District.
“The party is of the opinion that the government should take certain steps to make sure that people get treatment so that they do not have to suffer from any other diseases that can be treated within a short span of time and therefore to prevent them from losing their life from any other cause or diseases that can be treated," Lyngdoh said.
After the division of the Hima Shillong, Shan Sing Syiem, the successor Syiem in place of Bor Manik Syiem, demanded from the British Government to restore the Raid Dumria.
The plan to auction and transport the coal should be submitted to the court before the next hearing in three months.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Executive Member of KHADC and MDC of the constituency, Bah Mitchel Wankhar as the chief guest.
The child is from a village in East Jaintia Hills District and the investigation is ongoing.
The RLSSCO on this occasion honored 293 students and distributed 42 laptops at a function held at Soso Tham Auditorium.
“He said that the government has now opened up income generating opportunities from tourism in a wide range including income generating opportunities from the vehicle scheme to transport tourists, then the 1000 homestay project.
Star Cement Meghalaya Limited has received environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change for the 42.051 hectare Mawshun park located in Brishyrnot village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Margareth is the first women's wrestler from the state to reach far, not only in the country but in the world championships.
The wife of Ronningson Kharthangmaw, Drat Sun and brother of Ronningson Kharthangmaw, in an interview with the media, said that Ronningson Kharthangmaw was taken to the Civil Hospital Delhi on 28th July Until now, no doctor or nurse has come to see him to explain about his illness.
They are mountains like Lumdorbin, Lumlama, Lumjrong, Chahlyer, Pampyrthad, Sarynthu and others.
Regarding the people who are still stranded in other states, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has been in talks with the Chief Ministers of these states to deliver the relief goods as soon as possible. all the citizens of the state.
The value of the drugs seized is estimated at T.50 lakh, police said. They added that the arrested persons were involved in the illegal drug trafficking. to sell heroin to drug dealers in the district since last few months.
The lower-ranking church leaders did not have the voice to speak a word before their elders.
He is a member of the Christian Revival Church, Hq.
“How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning, how art thou cast down to the earth” Isaiah 14:1
In part, we have to say that it is a shame and pride for the NPP leaders that even the NPP supporters, because of the goodness in the NPP, all three of them died stupid.
– the Division that resulted from Israel’s new World Intellectual Property Strategy that led to a redefinition.
O MDA Government, Have the Chief Minister, Ministers or MLAs used the same vehicles bought since 1972 to go to work every day? When the same policy was implemented 50 years ago, do you think it is still sufficient to be used even today despite the fact that it has created unemployment and problems for the youth? How does the Government respond that it is not yet time to discuss or amend this policy? Does the resident have to wait until it is a full Hundred (100) years old to get it replaced? Does, the Government understand the change in the number of young graduates between 1972 and 2022? The increase in unemployment among the youth in the state has increased over the years. The competition for jobs under the reservation policy has benefited and deprived the youth who are entitled to receive and come. you are longing not poor.
However, if he continues to live a selfish life, a life of wealth, to despise and prevent others from progressing, he too will lose a meaningful life and will be punished. you are the law of God.
Because the information is too much,until we drown in it.
To do that he had to travel through the Khasi Hills.
The incident took place at Tulsi Park in Ashoknagar.
In the other match, Lamlynti beat Risa Colony 4-3
At the briefing, which was attended by many meat vendors and butchers of the city, Bah Tyngkan said that the loss of the state is severe due to the flow of money abroad.
He said that the hospital is a beautiful building to the accommodation of doctors and nurses and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the Engineering Wing should be commended for doing well in the construction. There is still a shortage of staff from doctors to staff.
Syiemlieh was abducted on 3rd November from Kolagoan village near Umsur-Nongjri.
JSU President Lawyerson War and HNPF President Lone K Laloo said that there has been an allegation against all the Sengbhalang that they are involved in the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. They had to stop on the road to arrest the trucks carrying the cows and they found out the facts by seizing these two trucks which were supposed to deliver these cows to Umkiang.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills Bikram D Marak read out the names of all the policemen who have sacrificed their lives in the service of the country.
The complainants said that the High Court has not allowed them to appeal before it issued the order to demolish these coke factories and also to ban them from operating or even opening. and the new ones.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The Mawkynrew Cup Football Tournament of Zone IV (MCC) on Tuesday continued at Jatah Lakadong Stadium.
On Tuesday night, India reported 90,802 cases and on Sunday night, 90,6
Some start working at 3 o'clock, some start working at 6 o'clock, some start working at 9 o'clock and some start working at 11 o'clock.
Shillong, Ïaïong : Hundreds of 116 residents of Umjaiur after electing the office bearers of the Unit, Youth and Women Wing have set a goal to win the election for Bah Teiborlang. Pathaw will contest the 2023 MLA elections from Mawlai Constituency.
These include EGH: 19, EJH: 03, EKH: 53, NGH: 13, RBD: 23, SGH: 14, SWGH: 10, SWKH: 13, WGH: 107, WJH: 20 and WKH:
Please also read the books “Ka Thma u Kada” Part-1, 2, 3, and “Beh ï'u Kada” and “U Tngoh-kada” published by the Skhem Rympei Tynrai.
The fete will start from 10:30 AM to 10:00 PM.
The purpose was to send Jesus Christ to earth to be born in flesh.
At the same time, the Sengkur has donated T10,000/- to Dianglin Siangshai who lost her house in the recent fire at Mookyrdup, Jowai.
Speaking to reporters, the two organizations expressed their surprise that the Rangbah Shnong who rules the village especially to look after the welfare and peace and order, has been robbing the land of the people. .
It is said that 75 % of the surface of our Earth is covered with Water.
The body of Bah Robino Kynter, who was trapped in an earthquake at Kenmynsaw, Mawsynram, has been recovered last night.
It is learned that after seeing that the foreigner was seriously injured, the passengers tried to take him to Nongpoh Civil Hospital, but when they reached the hospital, it was announced that he was injured. he died.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S Nongtnger, said that the victim was identified as Pynsuklang Khongwir. , he died hashen.
Shillong, July 28: Laitkor SC beat Mawkhar SC on Saturday in the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
The JSM and KSU have expressed their concern over the passage of the CAB 2019 by the NDA government in the Lok Sabha despite strong opposition from the majority of the people in India especially in the North East. whole.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shanbor Nongkhlaw, said that the office bearers of the village together with the residents of the village, have expressed that they cannot accept the postponement of the project. Therefore, in order to get clarification and find out who is involved in this, the leaders of the village have demanded from the PD of DRDA, to conduct a a thorough investigation, in order to discover all the facts.
Sister Rosario is also a member of the Missionaries of Christ Jesus (MCJ) and is a well-known missionary across Garo Hills who has led the construction of a home for children with disabilities. to provide them with adequate education through the use of Braille and Sign Language, while the elderly and women have been trained in trade and agriculture to help them become stronger in the get the court.
If it is forbidden to work hard for them to earn their own wages, why hasn't the government helped them and provided for their needs so that they can escape from a short and miserable life?
What is more shocking is the installation of smart meters in the houses of the residents who leave and enter from one house to another even in the midst of the pandemic because they have to comply with the rules and regulations. produced by those in power.
Meghalaya is known as one of the states that has developed a strong education system to raise awareness among the public on the need for eye care.
Each District of the State has identified up to 5 places to conduct this mock drill, which is also a training for the relief teams on how to act and what to do in case of emergency. and the lynshop was very strong.
However, we see that this leader has first surrendered himself to God and he can stand firm and decide to fast indefinitely from 23rd January to 1st July
The DC said that the incident occurred after the owner of the petrol pump received a letter demanding money from the group duna has been claimed.
At this time, the weather is beautiful and clean and all our soul desires is a cup of hot tea and delicious food.
What I would like to urge here on the District Council on the urgent need, is that as it has been empowered to enact a law (para.3) on the Land Acquisition Rules and other matters relating to the Jaitbynriew; What is urgent now is that the Council should take action to pass laws and regulations or to renew the land tenure system.
Speaking to reporters after the CEC meeting, KHNAM President Pyndap Saibon said that Pynshngaiñ had decided to approve the construction of the uranium mining road, but he refused. He said that the KSU has taken this decision after the KSU has raided the KHADC office and also due to the strong protest of KHNAM MDC Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
The Seng Bhalang Islam said that it took up to 12 years to translate the Quran into Khasi and after the translation by the Editorial Board, it had to be checked once again to ensure that it was accurate.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that it is surprising that Bah Danggo has changed his mind.
The inauguration ceremony of the Bhoirymbong Zone League was held in the presence of Bah Raja Brahman, BDO of Bhoirymbong C&RD Block as the chief guest. The meeting was attended by RBDSA President RB Shadap, Secretary Dipshon Ryntathiang Secretary, BK Suting, one of the founders of the RBDSA and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Two members of the United Achick Liberation Army (UALA) were arrested near Birubari village in North West Garo Hills on Tuesday.
On the other hand, Bah N.Nongdkhar, while talking to reporters, said, “We welcome Bah Marwein into the Congress party by joining the Rambrai Jyrngam Block Congress Committee (RJBCC). The office bearers of Rambrai Jyrngam were unable to take part because they were attending their own programs related to the mid-term elections. N.Nongdkhar said that the entry of Marwein is a sign of hope for the Congress candidate from Rambrai, Kimfa Marbanniang, to win a glorious victory in the election. This is the election.
This order also prohibits the quarrying of shyiap and stone from the river and from the banks of the river throughout the Myntdu River.
The Bapli Government knew and knew that in those areas there was that 'Nai Khatsaw Synïa who was a good lymphuiñ and for that reason it fought hard to go to those areas just to get violence, robbery and rather than you.
Nongpoh: U Bah Speshon Lyngdoh Sylliang, who has been accused of forcibly accepting the post of Lyngdoh of the Raid Sohkhwai, today came forward to explain to the public, saying that he is the Lyngdoh of Raid Sohkhwai. Under the Raid Sohkhwai, he was empowered by the District Council and also received a Sanad from the office of the Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship.
The three-day celebration started with a motorcycle rally from the campus of MBoSE, Tura at 9:15 pm with the participation of NH51, MBoSE staff and schools. at Green Haven, New Tura.
There are 64 cases so far, including 34 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Khasi Hills, 6 cases in Ribhoi and 23 cases in West Garo Hills.
In the stock seed-bed they are planted at a distance of about two and a half feet from one row to another, and about 16 inches from one tree to another tree in the row.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Monday appointed Rikman Momin as the new President of the BJP, Meghalaya to replace Ernest Mawrie.
The total number of recoveries is 12,058 and the death toll is
When the students arrived at the scene, they shouted long live Bah Ardent and Bah Ardent also stood up from his bed to deliver a speech to the crowd.
“ Father doesn't do that, but he helps you to escape immediately.
Sources said that the robbers also broke and stole documents from the room and stole up to T.3 lakh.
Also present on the occasion were the college administration, alumni, Alumni Association leaders and Kong R Dan, retired Secretary of JHADC, was the special speaker.
Don't let the beggars destroy your hard work.
Sri Lanka has reportedly destroyed several species of wildlife including shrieh, klew and other species, allowing farmers to kill them when they are wild. too much and when they have destroyed their crops.
He said the government had a meeting between the Chief Secretaries on 26th July 2019 and it was agreed that both sides should share information to maintain peace and order.
They said that if such leaders are allowed to loot thousands of dollars and destroy the people and the livelihoods of the country and the nation until the state becomes poor and corrupt. - The practice of corruption is also increasing and increasing over time.
At the same time, the Police have urged the Dorbar Shnongs not to announce to the public through the loudspeakers any orders from the Election Commission before the Election Commission personnel enter their homes. families, so that there is no problem in the future.
The raid was conducted by the Enforcement Police of KHADC and started from the Fire Brigade to Laitumkhrah Market, and raided all the shops along the highway. region.
Meghalaya lost two wickets for 37 and 50 runs in the three-day match which ended in one day.
In addition, after a few years of growing strawberries, he started making wine from this fruit and other types of fruit, including black berry, peace fruit. Nonghlaw sohphoh, and other kinds of soh that grow in the forest.
According to sources, on the morning of the 4th of this month at about 9:30 pm, a foreigner known as Dipak Lama along with another person were arrested. They went to the house of the woman to visit her and also to pray for her. They went to the house of the woman to visit her and also to pray for her. hands.
On this occasion, he said that the Minister of PWD has promised to allocate new funds and we are still waiting for the documents from the land owners who have to pass through this road in these areas and in After that, the Engineers of the PWD department will take the necessary action.
Nangkiew Irat are in third place with 13 points while Shillong Lajong are in sixth place with 11 points.
Even Saddam Hussein of Iraq was arrested by US troops and tried and executed later when found guilty.
“If the government introduces it, it has to repair the broken windows, toilets, damaged rooms and electricity,” he said.
However, the family members of the girl said that they have no knowledge of the suspect.
The date believed by theologians to be 3rd 33AD when Jesus was crucified.
“According to history, we stand not to violate our culture.
Shillong: U Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA of Mylliem, who is also the Minister of Urban Affairs, today met with PWD officials to discuss the issue of moving the Jhalupara Police Outpost to the bridge of Umshyrpi.
Because there has been a tension between India and Canada in the past few days, after the Prime Minister of that country accused India of involvement in the killing of a Sikh militant who has received asylum and protection from Canada in the past.
The distribution method is as follows: AAY will be distributed at 1 kg per card only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 1 kg per card only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. They request the public to complain or inform the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District for punishment according to the law.
“This shows that despite the allegations on social media, the people have confidence in the NPP leaders,” said Prestone.
“According to him, they have already crossed the border and now there is no danger for them to return safely to their home state in the next few days,” he said.
This statement by Bah Shullai came while strongly criticizing the decline in the quality of legislators and khadar rule in Meghalaya at this time.
Sabahmuswang runners Happiness Phawa and Teiboklang Biam won the Fit India Freedom Run 4.0 and Run for Unity held on Tuesday in Jowai. .
Members of the council will have to ensure social distancing or sit and stand farther away according to the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. coronavirus outbreak.
Cresency said this while speaking at the distribution of food items to the poor in Mookaswan, Nangbah and other villages on Monday.
He said that during the meeting, the Minister promised to take action and will soon send DMHO officers to inspect the PHC so that the government can take the necessary action.
Then you will understand and remember the mind of the Leader.
Referring to the border areas, the polling on the Assam-Meghalaya border also went smoothly with 3272 out of 5662 votes.
Director, Bah Khroobok Passah, Asstt.
Against Atlanta, the six-time Ballon d'Or winner didn't miss a golden opportunity as he scored in the eighth minute after Barcelona's Sergio Busquets scored the first goal of the match.
Buyers should be wise and sellers should be wise.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The HSPDP today handed over 10 issues to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma including the demand for the reconstruction of the school building destroyed by Assam in Sabuda. , in Ribhoi.
Drinking sweet milk and shynrai can also be very helpful and beneficial for women.
The lucky draw tickets were launched by Jowai Central MDC Andrew Shullai in the presence of Waheh Shnong Alan Niangti, General Secretary RLB Suwer and other members of the village.
Shillong: The Raid Mylliem has held a religious ceremony today 23rd June 2024 at Lum Shyllong.
They were also directed to provide the names of all the beneficiaries and the time of distribution of the ration items in their shops.
Police have sent a team from Rajabala and Bholarbita Outpost to Phulbari and the search for the robbers is ongoing.
The water pollution has occurred in Nongsning and Umrasong villages due to the proposed construction of a Coke Factory known as Prisidium Breeze on the border of these two villages. Sutnga District, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, November 3: The state government may hold the MDC elections for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) in the second month of June this year.
On the 2nd June 2023, the doctors and nurses of NEIGRIHMS Hospital were able to remove the thyrnia.
About 300 people were stranded on Dharchula and Gunji roads,” said a source in an interview with district officials.
Another similar incident happened exactly 10 days later, on the 23rd of November, when another child, Wanpynshai Kharbani, 8 years old, was killed. Heprit Everbloom Nongrum, while playing in the same area, fell into one of these holes and here also happened to be Heprit Everbloom Nongrum, who was also able to rescue the child from injury.
In addition, those who intend to buy must obtain a permit from their respective countries.
It is appropriate to build monuments, to honor them, and we pray that their souls will rest in peace forever at the door of God.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U MDC of Sohryngkham-Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah Pyniaid Syiem, today raised a question in the House where the District Council has used the forest to plant trees. The EM in Charge of Forest, Grace Mary Kharpuri, said that the trees were planted at Lailad, Ri-Bhoi.
If we count 25 MT of coal per truck per day, the coal entering the factories per annum is 1,186,250 metric tonnes which shows that the government has lost a lot of money.
Those present included GD Kharwanlang, Superintendent of Police, Ranikor Civil Sub Division, LKynjing, Sub Divisional Officer, Ranikor Civil Sub Division, and others.
Mawsmai-Nongthymmai Village has also been quick to spread the message to many tourists by conducting a plastic cleaning at the Mawsmai Cave. streams and rivers.
More than 700 students from various schools in West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills have taken part in the APEX Program which has just been launched by AVENUES, Shillong.
The meeting was led by Bah Amberlight Masharing, Working President of the RBSU, who was accompanied by members of the RBSU. Not only at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, but in the District as a whole.
Shillong: U Nuruzzaman Sheikh has lodged a complaint with the police that his daughter Sabina Yesmin married Zolbahar Sheikh on July 20,
Besides the petition sent to the Minister of Transport, the NTC has also sent a copy to the Commissioner Secretary, Dr. DD Lapang, Local MLA Nongpoh Constituency, Deputy Commissioner of Ri-NTC. Bhoi District and to the Project Director of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).
It is not necessary to explain that every citizen has the right to live in dignity, according to Article 21 of the Constitution.
On Friday, the religious leaders of the Seinraij Jowai, performed one of the rituals known as the Knia Khang, which is a sacrifice of thanksgiving to the Blei Shnong Blei Raij who stood to protect the village from the raij. snow and smell, tyrut and smer, which come in different ways.
Jowai, July 30: The lack of attention of the District authorities to curb the continuous land acquisition in parts of the Myntdu River which is also the source of water for the city of Jowai.
?" Rida said, "You don't have a word.
Amlarem Social Club has come to the top of the points table with 14 points from seven games, winning four times, drawing two and losing once in the Super League Football Tournament organized by Amlarem. Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA).
Of course, it cannot be denied that there are followers of candidates who work hard to bring about change.
To regulate the household affairs of Muslims in India, there is the Sharia Act
It should be reviewed and renewed once again for the benefit of many churches especially the youth of the nation,” he said.
David Scott, a man who can still hide inside the thlong, how can he hold the stick with the strength of a horse especially when running.
UDP Mawlai Circle President, Secretary and other office bearers of the party expressed their gratitude to the UDP Mawlai Circle. The State will have the opportunity to take part in the BCCI tournament in Gujarat.
The border disputes between Assam-Meghalaya and Assam-Arunachal have also come to an end and due to the failure to maintain peace, the North East has moved on the path of development.
He said the participation of the elderly will encourage the youth and children to promote TT in the state and the region as a whole.
The meeting was led by BSF Meghalaya Frontier Inspector General Sudesh Kumar while the Bangladesh Army was led by Additional Director General (Region Commander Northeast Region) Md Latiful Haider.
He appealed to the government to turn around and take care of the problems of the teachers.
Many of them I cannot name here because they are too many.
The KBA also donated money to the Ephphatha Society which has come out to work for special needs.
Shillong: U Samla Richard Nongbsap on Tuesday, 1st June 2023, has filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate to contest the upcoming elections from Mylliem constituency. to register at the office of the Returning Officer of Mylliem constituency, DC office Shillong, where he has also chosen the CCTV as his signature, for the upcoming elections. 27th June.
In a statement sent by Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, he said that in the past few months, there has been a group within the NPP party, which does not want him to become a leader. Macdalyne S. Mawlong, MDC Umsning and NPP Candidate from Nongpoh, is a person who you can't take it yourself.
“We have always given our physical and spiritual cooperation, but the government has threatened us and we will have to leave and it will be up to the DC to take responsibility especially in relation to those residents who have “It's a good idea to have a home quarantine,” said Justine Dkhar, former MLA of the area.
Nongpoh, June 29: The youths of Umsning Proper A village today rescued a small bird from a forest garden in Umsning.
President: Mewathi Suchiang 2.
Many of the youth and women who want to become entrepreneurs, face many difficulties in the state, due to the location, rural areas, lack of training and especially the lack of leadership. way to teach.
Speaking to reporters, after meeting with the woman, she said that she did not know that the baby inside her womb had died since she went to take private medicine. The victim was taken to Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong.
It is the hard work of the Prime Minister that has revealed the North East after 70 years of independence.
Garod LSN Dykes (IAS), Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah R.Kharkongor, Block Development Officer, Mawshynrut C&RD Block, E.Tariang Pajat, DMHO, OC Nongbri. Others included officers and government employees from various government departments, in the presence of Rangbah Shnongs, Asha, Anganwadi workers, residents who Mawshynrut Block, which made this program a success.
For the former things have passed away, emotions, desires and so on.
The friend refused to lead and Marchbor told his mother that if it worked he would honor the woman.
The robbers on the 2nd of this month came back to the gate along with three others including Janai Synshiang, Phyrnai Nongbri and Tobias Nongmin. They also stole all the money along with the necessary documents and threatened to kill the guard.
College, BA 1st Sem.
The Government in the past five years has tried to improve the roads of Shillong as much as possible.
He added that this time, the youth of the Tiwa community in Mawhati Constituency are willing to vote for the BJP candidate, because they are a small community. “The BJP is in power in Assam and if it comes to power in Meghalaya, it will be able to provide special protection or bring about change in all aspects,” he said. more.
“The Seng itself feels that this action of this committee is an attempt to create ethnic conflict which we cannot tolerate,” he said.
Question : There is talk that the BJP will reach 400 seats in the 2024 elections. Answer: It is too early to give the number.
In a statement, the Seng said, “I would like to remind you that the demand of the Seng to relocate the military base on the bridge at Sonapyrdi is no longer a new one but a matter of The union has been demanding from time to time, because at present, the area is no longer safe for the people to travel, because of the violence and brutality of the BSF troops. Therefore, we strongly request and demand from the state government and also from the MLA of 5-Sutnga Saipung to take immediate action in relation to these soldiers. unfortunately it hasn’t happened in the area yet.
Efficient : Efficient means being able to work properly and doing the job without skill.
The Committee will also visit the land vendors at Shilong Civil Hospital along the NH-44, IGP Point, Barik Point and Laitumkhrah area from Fire Brigade to Beat House to Police Point. .
The cultivation of Kait, Sohtrun, Sohphan and other varieties of Soh is also good and brings benefits to this village and area but many villagers and neighbors have not taken action without anyone to guide and train them.
CBI officials said that the complaint against these two persons was lodged by a man named Ranjit Mondal – a resident of Goalpara, Assam.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has delayed the announcement of elections in Nagaland and Tripura. This is the state of Meghalaya.
There are 34 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in East Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills, 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in North Garo Hills. cases and 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, u ma Shylla expressed his deep sorrow over the spread of various evils in the society especially the spread of drugs, alcohol and other intoxicants which destroy the value of human beings. of the nation before the world.
Therefore, if this situation continues in the next 100 days, we will have to spend another T.300 crore just to buy electricity, just to maintain the current electricity outage. don't say.
There were a total of 157 female and male participants.
The meeting was held after these government officials visited the government hospitals from PHC to CHC to understand how to improve the quality of services in these hospitals. for the benefit of the people of the area.
Out of the 23 teams that have registered, only 16 teams have been selected and divided into two groups, namely 8 teams.
Many of the farmers in the area and also the village leaders have expressed their sorrow and grief that they have worked hard for months to cultivate, plant and bury, but as of now the hard work has not stopped. their house was done nothing even after they spent and physical and financial energy after all the crops were washed away and covered with water after heavy rains that lasted for several days and the release of the century Umiam.
Police didn't shoot didn't tie.
Today's match will be between Wahiajer and Dulong at 2 pm.
She said the department has suggested to the government to set up a Center of Excellence in traditional music where Indian music will be taught. and voices from the west.
Shillong, November 02 : The athletes of various sports who won medals in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 on Thursday were honored by the State Government with cash prizes and certificates. .
“He said that this target will ensure that special surveillance is provided when there are any cases of malaria in the state so that it can be eradicated.
In the video, Musk shows three pigs and Gertrude, who has had the chip for about two months and has enough brain power, is not too quick. I don't want to go to my shyngoid, but I don't know.
Speaking to media, Jambor said that the decision of the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya not to ban development works from but these approvals shall be clear and understandable and approved by the Hima, the District Council and the State Government.
He said that he will hold a meeting with all the MDCs on Monday and if necessary, he will meet with the Chief Minister.
He said that in the coming days, they will have to work harder because in the mid-term elections, the government cannot use its resources and powers. you have to be careful.
Among other objectives outlined in the policy, some of them can be mentioned here and they are as follows; to create perfect sports facilities with accommodation and other facilities, to produce qualified personnel to run sports activities, teachers and especially athletes, to introduce struggle sport as one of the subjects within schools, to create employment opportunities for sportsmen, to find and provide full support to talented youth in various sports and especially to encourage and support women to participate in sporting events.
Sec School to win the Under-14 category.
Among the many heavenly bodies that God created, God created the planet Earth for mankind.
When we remember that the early Christian churches were house churches – there were no buildings when Christians first began to worship together – it is clear that the Church does not make people but people make it Everyone.
On this day, an Open Tug of War competition will be held for women only.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 31: The SP Office Cricket Team has become the winner of the 2nd Inter-Office T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the South West Khasi Hills Cricket Association (SWKHCA) in collaboration with the District Office. Ranikor Cricket Club beat Ranikor Cricket Club by 53 runs in the final match played at Madan Motmeron, Jakrem.
The release of the voter list in these constituencies was held at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office in the presence of EROs AEROs and Election Agents of the political parties. different worlds.
Those who visited the Deputy Commissioner's office could take pictures and expressed their support and congratulations to the Indian athletes and athletes who will participate in the Tokyo Olympics
He said that some ministers close to the Acting Syiem have complained against him and have withdrawn their support and that is why the District Council has withdrawn him.
She said that there used to be a saying that the Khasi people are not united and now she said that the Mylliem constituency will be an example to show unity.
He went in and sat down in the room where the body was.
in Liang the law of the world is wrong.
When we know that there is no Jaintia here in Ri Hynniewtrep and he is not from Hynniewtrep, why don't we dare to speak and explain to the whole world that there is no Jaintia here in Meghalaya and what they have done? Is it wrong and a lie that has been falsely published by some people in the past who did not know the truth? The people who live in the Pnar areas are the children of Hynniewtrep, who come from the same race as those who live in the War, Maram, Bhoi, Lyngngam and Khynriam areas. those who come from the same Thymmei Longkur and Kheinkur, those who are related to the same family or those who come from the same Mei Iawbei of Pa Thawlang, no matter where they live in any part of the country.
Nongpoh: The plan of the North East Congress Coordinating Committee (NECCC) to hold a meeting at the Queens Hotel, Baridua, has failed. Jorabat, that's in the middle of a strong guard.
These elders have been living in this village until the days of their death from this world which was within 40 years one after another from 1995 to
He also demanded that there should be three sum places, without a jynhaw to clean the person, five full time employees who should stay in the house where he lives and one cleaner, who should have next to the cleaner, who brought him to Brazil and two other cleaners.
“What is the purpose of this Seng when it wants to blow up bombs in schools, doesn't it think about the lives of school children?”, said HITO. Former MLA, Bah Julius Dorphang, who has been arrested for his crimes.
There has never been a political party that stands for the welfare and welfare of the people, the rich and the poor and that stands on the basis of equality of women, men and human beings. salonsar in your community.
He said that the demands in the state are not only during the MDA government but even before and we will not target only the political parties in the MDA government and we will not praise them. The MDA government, because it is not a government that has won because it has not been able to achieve its goals, this campaign is not to praise or criticize the political parties but only to explain to the people to elect their leaders. that is not enough".
Prestone said that until the deadline set by the government, ie until the 30th of July, the residents of Them Iewmawlong have not proved themselves with the documents as requested by the government. Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to verify that they are employees of the department.
Faith does not mean that we accept or agree or agree in all matters, but in the midst of differences we respect and honor each other.
Although they have not received any assistance from the government, Bah Super Khongsit, leader of the Society, said that it was established three years ago and has been registered a few months ago.
“At the meeting held on the 24th of this month, there was a taking advantage of some people who have brought about peace in the state. Hospital, the law will take the necessary action because these are unacceptable incidents,” he said.
Commercial vehicles and markets are prohibited from opening during the curfew.
The MDA government also has a great commitment to improve education in the state and it is on this basis that it has worked hard to create the opportunities for education in the state cannot be provided.
Khyndïat, Regarding the tit, in the Western countries, there is a public announcement of which species of tit are clever and can take even the life of a human being and there are also forests that have been planted. There are also hospitals that can provide immediate treatment in the absence of such diseases. that kind of tit.
Many of the roads in Shillong do not have side drains to allow the water to flow during the rainy season, and the drains in some places are also flooded. with garbage and rubbish that had not been cleaned in years.
The MPSO has honored and donated money to Kong Senebi Syngkli.
The heavy rainfall in the riwar area, in these days, has caused a disruption in the traffic of vehicles, due to the landslide to block the traffic on the road.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Two school children aged 15 years old were abducted by a well-known man on the 25th of this month.
The Designated Driver Shillong will operate 24 hours a day and the public can call 923341541 at a cost of T.600 for a distance of 8 kilometres.
This makes them believe that they were born to be stupid.
This Mawpator has two rivers against Mawryngkhang.
He recalled that last year, the Prime Minister in charge of Roads, Nitin Gadgarry had announced that the road from Lad-Mawreng to Mawkyrwat to Ranikor will be recognized as but it is not known why it has been removed.
A total of 15,165 people have recovered from the disease.
The field officer will look at the financial situation of the state in all areas.
There will also be a bumper housie at night, which will cost up to 1 lakh houses and 5,000 per line.
Manoranjan Part 2.
On the 23rd of April, there will be a marathon on the theme “Roads/Highways Cleanliness for Healthy Environment” which will start at 8.00 pm from Lad By-Pass Jowai, Thadlaskeiñ to Jrisaleiñ.
Speaking at the registration of people especially women to benefit from the scheme which was held on Saturday at Polo, Mukul said the scheme is reserved for women who have died or been buried. leave to the husband, those who have disabilities, as well as those who are sick and lame and the elderly.
Speaking to media, Bah Handle Mukhim said that in 2002 when they were MDCs, they introduced a Bill on the pension of MDCs and this bill has also received the approval from the state governor in 2006.
"“The Pa Togan Nengminza Athletic Stadium, Tura is an important venue for the sportsmen of the area, children and youth of Tura who wish to train themselves in sports. field named to the free agent.
The prize money for this traditional song competition is: 15,000/- (1st prize), 8000/- (2nd prize), 5000/- (3rd prize).
Pool-E includes Ksehsylle Ïalong, Samaro FC, Pateinki Sabah and Maitshaphrang Mootyrshiah.
Earlier, the HNLC leaders had expressed their anger over the government's order to lay flowers at Lum Jingtep Lawmali at 8 pm, but the HNLC leaders violated the order. They went to lay flowers at 2 pm together with the relatives of Bah Cheris.
In this volleyball tournament, NPNKG from Nongkynbah and DNR from Sarin Village were the finalists.
Shillong: After the State Government has imposed a curfew to curb the spread of Covid-19 in the State, which has affected the income of the people. Today, it was seen that the vendors who used to live in Iewduh have left their homes with the intention of opening shops and at the same time to meet face to face with the vendors. u Syiem of Mylliem Hima, but this plan has not succeeded, as they have been banned by the police and magistrates, as the State Government has continued to ban the The government has decided to increase the number of cases in the country.
On the other hand, the MCGO has requested the Fire and Emergency Service to be vigilant against forest fires, fires in the hills and forests, and if there is a complaint or not, they will respond immediately. Go to the fire places only to see or receive information.
On the other hand, Marak said that there have been times when the names of the rightful families have disappeared from the list of beneficiaries because there have been some political party workers who have under the list where this has led to the exclusion of households eligible for schemes under the Gram Panchayat category.
He said that these helicopters not only serve the country during the war but also play an important role in helping people during natural disasters around the country.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Armstrong Sohshang President KSU Mawshynrut in the presence of Sordar of Raid Hima H.Samakha, Bah T.Nonglang, President Union of Village Authorities, Rambrai MLA Bah KP. KSU Nongstoin Circle, KSU Nongstoin Circle, various civil society organizations and others.
Furthermore, the Sengbhalang leaders strongly condemned the Rangbah Shnong Shella's threat to foreigners just for trying to prevent foreigners from registering their names on the Electoral Roll.
In the semi final, Nongrim Hills beat Barhungkha 3-0
“We have already done our part to collect the water for testing at the Food Safety Laboratory which has found all this and we demand that we should get clean drinking water because the people who get “They have paid for the water from the PHE and they have not received it,” said Bah Dundee.
Rahul, riding a blue tractor and wearing a mask, drove to Delhi highway and entered Parliament.
Although Tiehsaw tried to turn the tide, they couldn't manage until the end of the game and suffered a defeat.
But the Gentile world accepted him.
Evanrilin S Syiem took two wickets for 13 runs for West Khasi Hills.
We acknowledge that the public turnout to the Office of the Syiem without a road is wrong.
What is more surprising is that in our society, a society where we respect and empower women, but such things happen, how much more in other societies that do not respect women. .
The government issued the order after receiving information that the GNLA has ordered the wealthy to pay money to the party as tax payment once a year for the year 2016-1
At that time, the insurgents went to the crematoria to hide their weapons, but it was also at that time that the aircraft, which had not been able to fly from the sky, were able to destroy the area. 150 caves, in which they bombed and estimated that weapons, were destroyed, along with many Hamas fighters.
While the police were conducting the search, the two men who were driving the truck fled into the forest and stole the truck.
Sending a Christmas and New Year message, the Secretary of the Patharkhmah Presbyterian Youth Church, Samla Sainikson Sankli, said that as the Youth Church, we hope that this celebration of Christmas and New Year should have a positive theme. The message that we as young people want to send to others is that we should be the bringers of peace and change not only in the Church but also in society. .
Shillong, Nailar 21: The POWERGRID has celebrated Independence Day at its office in Shillong and also at other Sub Stations across the North East.
“We can build ourselves from scratch, the designs and the construction until completion will be in Meghalaya.
“Not only that, but it cannot be said that it has also brought about the destruction of the clean family but we don't recognize it because we are the mothers,” said the Rangbah.
Even the Englishman who should have been tried sat as a judge.
A minute's silence was also held to mourn the passing away of Bah Sumar Sing Sawian, a renowned writer of the nation and the state. I'm going to go to this center.
The FKJGP has said that the Meghalaya government should appoint Hector Marwein as the new Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
They include Kishan Lyngdoh, Bamanbha Shangpliang, Sanvert Kurkalang, Dippu Ch Sangma, Lerry G Sangma, Tarique A Siddique, Manish K Rai, Abhishek Kumar, Akash K Choudhary, Arbin Singh, Md Nafees Siddique, Lakhan Singh Nahar, Swarajeet Das, Punit Singh Bisht and Rajesh Bishnoi.
These statements are no longer appropriate in this age where besides food and drink should be provided to the children born, the most important thing is to build the future of these children by giving them the construction of the brain through education.
Nongpoh, Nailur 26: Four months after being arrested for attacking the construction of the railway line in Byrnihat, 10 KSU leaders and members have been arrested. The District & Session Judge Nongpoh has released the suspects on bail.
Jadambe Cheana M Arengh, 28, mother of a 3-year-old daughter Emiansha Amadora M Arengh of Danak Dopgre, Araimile was seriously injured in the incident.
We don't think the government doesn't understand the demands of the VPP.
The new officers were sworn in by Rebecca V Suchiang, Additional Chief Secretary and Director General of MATI. Shillong: The number of confirmed cases of covid-19 in the country has risen to 577 from yesterday.
Today, the school organized a program in the school grounds to show appreciation for their kindness," she added.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: After the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma continued to criticize the Prime Minister Narendra Mdoi for the issue of 1000 and 500 notes, the BJP Meghalaya has rebuked Dr Mukul Sangma by saying , 'The queue of people at banks to wait for money is no longer there and this problem has been resolved'
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest urged the youth of the area to take part in any program organized by the NYK or other government departments. , so that their talents, will be recognized and witnessed not only within the District but also in the state, the country and the world as a whole.
He also encouraged the women to be clean about their health.
We hope that these young people will come forward to fulfill their duties.
Earlier, the government had proposed to set up a new landfill at Nonghali under Mawryngkneng constituency.
He said that FASToM has launched the protest after seeing that many school children are staying at home, some are walking on the streets and some are going to school without receiving any training.
“We have urged (NHIDCL) to improve the Shillong-Dawki road from Pynursla to Tamabil.
They want the village to be included in the tourism map of the state so that the village can grow through the arrival of tourists.
Meghalaya's Klingson D Marak won the Top Scorer and Player of the Tournament awards.
What is financial literacy? The OECD defines the term financial literacy: Here I am not saying to know but to know how to use it.
Secretary- Samla R.Empty.
Put, as Louis L'amour says, your own finger in the water in the cup and draw it again.
“If the state leaders are allowed to speak in their own language in the House, then the job examinations or interviews should be allowed to be conducted in Khasi and Garo,” said the President of HANM Sengkmie. Speaking to reporters, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
Genesis 1:15/ 1 Corinthians 3:17.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 16,000 and the number of cases has risen to 3,70,000 in 168 countries and in India, 30 states and 548 districts have been closed.
The speakers at these services are: 9th November at 6:00 PM – Rev. BB Lamin (Moderator PCI), 10th at 6:00 pm – Rev. A.Thapa, 111th at 10:00 AM – Rev.S.K.Sahu (Vice President, World CE Union), 1:00 PM – Rev.G.P.L.Gadew and 5:30 PM – Rev.Babu Rao (Vice President of Madras Diocese C.E.Union).
Today, another person has been accused of being raped by Subhash Ghai.
Speaking to media, Conrad K Sangma said the issue of the railway line is a long standing issue like the border issue and the metor issue.
In Jaintia Hills, 7 children have appeared in the top 20 list.
The National People's Party (NPP) in Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday held an election of its key leaders at the CFC Hall, Umsning. Wednesday.
“I have not threatened to kill any government official or police chief in Garo Hills,” said Shira. On the other hand, the state police today arrested seven suspected GNLA members. They were traveling from Chinabat to Rongram in West Garo Hills.
The SP said the three persons have been handed over to their relatives.
Michael said it is up to the cable operators to show the film Romeo Juliet once again so that the public will remember the film which is part of the protest against the implementation of the law. the movement has been going on for 30 years now.
Now, I don't work anywhere.
Meanwhile, Congress MDC Jansing Tynsong said that according to the information he has received, the land grabbing of people in the Council forest in Aradonga is still going on.
This issue is one of the demands of KHNAM since ancient times.
If we have equipped ourselves with complete knowledge, then honor comes and that is one that speaks well of people.
In a letter sent to the MPCC president, Ma FA Kon did not mention the reason for his resignation.
The players of Galaxy FC didn't lose heart and started playing hard through long passes and set pieces and in the 81st minute Stephan Lanong scored the second goal. Although the teams tried hard to get Namtam, the second half ended and the decision will be taken through the tie breaker.
The clothes of Satan Lucifer are beautiful and adorned with precious stones.
Bah Pateng Myrsing, said that as one of the leaders of the party and from the area, he praised Bah Julius Dorphang, for still having that responsibility to help the people, even when he is no longer in power.
This is even more evident in electricity-related industries.
Last night, it was learned that the residents of Tuber Sohshrieh East Jaintia Hills have been facing difficulties in reaching their homes or workplaces due to the collision of trucks carrying dew iong on the roads to the area.
“Our goal is to ensure that we operate to protect the environment through the struggle to reduce these obsolete materials.
He said the government through the DHS and Dr Aman War has promised to move the hospital to a new building from July
Education is five years as the basis of education and this will be three years called pre primary followed by grade 1 and 2 followed by three years called preparatory (or later primary) stage — grades 3, 4 and 5.
Angry mobs in Itanagar have set fire to the house of Chowna Mein, Second Chief Minister of the State Government, today in protest against the State Government's plan to pass a law. Permanent Resident Certificate (PRC) in the State.
Finally, we would like to send an appeal to our leaders to help the youth of the country, who have completed their education, so that we can have the same opportunity as other nations where we can give for the benefit of our country and to bring our own agricultural university in our own state where we can educate even those who are coming in this line.
On the delay in issuing the resolution of those who apply for the post of nurse, Bah Hek said it is because there is still a model code of conduct.
According to him, online payment has not been able to work as many have not linked their accounts with Aadhar.
In these areas, there are always cases where the elderly women or women are the heads of their Dorbar Shnong because of their skills and intelligence.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 5,242 with 5,2
Rgh HR Kurbah, President of Sengkhihlang Sengkhihlang, Leki Sayoo, Sports Secretary, Polestar Rani, Assistant General Secretary, Kong Solony Bareh Executive Members of Sengkhihlang, Rgh Approlang Dohling who is one of the leaders who has worked hard for the development of the Sengkhihlang in Ribhoi Pyllun.
Among the opponents who scored were Tomu (4 overs: tied for 36 runs: 2 wickets) and Arun Tamang (4 overs: 28 runs: 2 wickets).
On the other hand, Ms Agnes said that the protest does not mean to take sides with politicians or officers, but if it is seen that a law is not implemented as it was drafted, She said that when the people see the obstacles they should work together to overcome them and not to fight anymore and urged the people of the district to cooperate with the youth who are coming forward to fight. against those people who break the law.
At the same time, Shillong received 11.1mm of rainfall while Umiam received 3.2mm.
“This increase has encouraged the state to reach the target of 10 bn US dollars in income growth,” said the CM. The CM also introduced a gender budget of T.5,2 crore for 2024-25, as well as an allocation for climate change adaptation measures of T.4,501 crore.
These incidents have worried many parents because of the use of social media by the students which affects their minds and physical health. brain.
“The Civil Hospital has been located in Khliehriat, but in this hospital, it does not have any modern equipment to provide treatment to the residents. he said.
The question is whether you just speak or say against it , why do your supporters shoot and shoot ? Is this behavior of the fans patriotic ? National love is when we love and respect each other, we give each other advice or we do something that builds up the society.
In the women's senior basketball category, the Green House won the gold medal and the Red House won the silver medal.
And if Bah Paul is a wise man, he should talk personally about this with Bah Ardent... How can we say that we are tribals and that is still in effect because we are wild animals.
Mairang, Nailar 07: Youth FC and Umwiehsup have qualified for the semi final of the 2nd Division of the 2nd Division today.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said, “East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday seized a Bolero carrying drugs and three Four people involved were arrested.
Nongstoiñ, June 6: “Give to the world the best so that the world will give you the same”, said Lipa Dweri DGM NABARD, at the opening of the three month Carpentry Training program at the Auditorium today. Don Bosco Hall, Nongstoin, organized by GRASSROOT in collaboration with Don Bosco Tech Nongstoin.
In the next match, Cham Cham SC and Tuber Shohshrieh drew 1-1
Besides these problems, there are others which cannot be expressed, so the NDWM has put forward three demands from the state government to respond, and these three demands are the Fixation of Minimum Wage, the establishment of the Domestic Workers' Welfare Board and the need to register domestic workers with the Labor Department, but he said that although these demands have already been submitted. to the state government, but have not yet seen any good results.
Post Name:- Assistant Teacher (Arts)No of posts:- 13Department:- Government secondary Schools under the Directorate of School Educational and Literacy.
To come to the subject, of the above naming; we have said before, that who has the power to govern the citizen; the government or the village council? Who will go out first if a resident's house is broken into by thieves, a policeman or a neighbor? Who will go to bury the body of a resident, even if he is a government minister or a prime minister, if he doesn't come out? It is time for the Rangbah Shnongs not to go to Madan Polo, Secretariat, but there is only one way and that is, if the government does not recognize them, they should not go. They have nothing to do with the government or its affairs and that is enough.
When it comes to helping the environment, we can witness such plates made of paper or plastic, which have not been used how difficult it is to clean them. .
“The upcoming elections are very important for us as a party, we have won in Assam and Manipur and I am confident that we will win in Tripura, Meghalaya and Nagaland and we will rule these states. state alone," he said.
She also announced that hotels and guest houses within the village area have been allowed to open from that day so that tourists can stay.
“He is indeed one of the wicked and wants to rule the whole world and this is a golden opportunity for us, before they rule and operate with 5G microchips and rule mankind”.
Sabahmuswang SC won a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy, while Demthring SC won a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
The Governor has already sent the Bill to the DCA department of the government and the DCA has sent it to the JHADC for approval.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, has suspended the construction of Bah Mohendro Rapsang at Iew Masi in Khanapara.
This is for the Lok Sabha MP election for the 1st Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency and these numbers will be for Ri Bhoi District only.
Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary of the KSU, said that the KSU is well prepared to direct the Units, Circles and Districts of the KSU on the border with Assam to be vigilant and fight against the entry of The entry of foreigners to prevent these Bangladeshi suspects from entering the state.
This is sad, because many of us, talk about the problem and evil we see in society and think that the reason is that the world is too bad, but we never think that the reason a it is we the good people who have done nothing for all these things we see.
He said that recently T.15,000 thousand crore has been allocated for the construction of the road from Umroi to Silchar from two lane road to four lane road.
Shillong, July 19: U Priem Khong Rymmai has lodged a complaint with the Sohra PS that in 2009, a foreigner named Sajan Ali kidnapped his daughter to Assam. On the 13th of July, the foreigner appeared at Laitryngew, EKH and tried to persuade the wife of the foreigner to accompany him to Assam.
We feel that your sending of condolences is like pouring out our hearts and souls.
The 3rd Division Football Tournament of the 2nd Adelberth Laloo Memorial Trophy started today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium with Chyrmang beating Tympang FC 5-0
Luke 1:31-33.
On the cleanliness of the Myntdu River, the MLA said, “The government has already allocated Rs 19 crore to build 11 in-situ drains which can prevent the flow of garbage into the river. part of the Wah.
England, who took the lead, scored 282 runs for the loss of nine wickets.
“We urge the State Government, if it doesn't force the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in the State, we don't need anything else but to take the law into our own hands,” he said. said.
The Chief Ministers of the two states, Conrad K Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma will be accompanied by the Chairman of the Regional Committees from both the states as well as senior officials including the Chief Secretaries of the two states.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla has admitted that his claim that former Nongkrem MLA Ardent M Basaiawmoit has links with the Congress has come true. to Congress.
The Congress has nominated former KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa from the constituency whose MDC is currently Adelbert Nongrum of KHNAM who won two terms.
At the meeting, the union also expressed the inability of the DSC to issue a resolution for the Grade IV DSC which has been held since July last year. The DC has promised to talk to the Secretary of the DSC. Not only that, the union has also urged the DC to take action regarding the overpricing of DSC. The DC said that he will take action to ensure that there will be no over sale of school books at the price fixed.
However, there are some teachers who are happy and want to go to write census rather than teach in class at school.
Why do I say that? Because the elders, when they hear any news, they have to think first and find out whether it is true or not.
He said that the news spreading the relationship between Aadhar number and 666 did not come from the right forum but was preached and discussed by people here and there.
There are about 186 households in the Presbyterian Church, about 54 households in the Catholic Church, about 10 households in the Trai Ri Church and about 6 households in the Church of God.
The challenge for the writer and other Khasi brothers and sisters is to understand clearly the greatness of Khasi society rather than religious differences.
The plagues of Egypt were those which God sent upon Egypt to Pharaoh, such as the plagues of locusts, the plagues of famine, and the like.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul Sangma said the government has looked into the draft Regulation of Landlords and Tenants Act. verification Bill' and from the 3rd of next month, comments will be taken from the public.
“This behavior of the BSF is unacceptable and the UDP will not take stingy on this matter and will write to the Director General BSF and the BSF Vigilance Department. to investigate into the incident and demand to punish those involved in the violence and assault against the officer of the state government department.
While the Clerk agrees as a basis on the fact that the provision of the Dulir-juban-tyrwa is the right of the political parties, it cannot avoid the independent authority of the promises and proposals on the issue. call for free and fair elections and for the promotion of equal opportunities for all political parties.
She gave an example of NEIGRIHMS which took many years to complete because of many challenges.
He said that this incident should wake up every Khasi Pnar from the danger of thinking only of ourselves without looking at those who live in the border areas near Assam and also near the border with Bangladesh.
A 56-year-old man has died in Maharashtra this morning, bringing the death toll to five in India.
Shillong: The North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU) will hold a meeting with the B.A.5th Semester students today to discuss how to deal with the affected marks of NEHU. NEHUSU will hold a meeting and it is understood that it will follow up with a roundtable meeting the next day.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that the government will have to discuss the increase in petrol price in the state with the central government officials.
NPP Meghalaya State Women's Wing President P.Nongpluh confirmed the office bearers in the presence of NPP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang, MDC from Sohiong-Nongspung, Bah Sherborlang Mawlong, Bajop Pyngrope, MDC Rambrai Jyrngam, Kitbok Nongrem, President of the NPP Meghalaya Youth Wing and more than 1000 women from different villages of the constituency.
In the fight against the coronavirus, many people have taken measures to protect themselves.
Muslim Personal Laws,
In Lukiachar and Merengipara, the organization has helped to provide drinking water, food and biscuits to the refugees.
The road, which was covered with JCBs, was constructed on Friday when the Saturday tourists were visiting the river, said Pynkhalin Dhar, a youth from the village.
Khliehriat, July 29 : Another landslide and flooding of water has occurred on the National Highway-6 near the tunnel at Sonapyrdi in East Jaintia Hills District today. for about three hours, and vehicles were free to move until about 5 pm.
The statement of the leaders of the MDA government especially the ruling party in Meghalaya has surprised and saddened not only the leaders of the Bhalang but the people of Khasi-Jaintia as a whole.
On behalf of the Hima Mylliem, after submitting the petition, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem expressed his satisfaction that the Central Government officials will visit the Ïing Dorbar. that the Hima Mylliem has existed since 1853 and is the only Hima in existence to this day which is in force under Article 6 of the Constitution of India which can increase revenue only from revenue. from Judah.
“Of course, in the days when he was young he was not responsible for the church but when he grew up his relationship with God grew stronger and until the days of his death he was a young man. who loves the works of God and tries to do his will,” he said.
That in the ancient Greek system of education, poetry occupied the second place after philosophy.
Mary at that time dreamed that one day she would become a famous sportswoman especially in boxing and she was also a clever and obedient child.
Finally, in the Women's Table Tennis, Shillong College once again won the title, after the girls of this College came first, and NEHU , Shillong came second.
The Minister also launched the Village Health Council-IEC Book, Register and VHC App and distributed awards to the best performers.
He said how the BSF and the state government have not been able to prevent the influx of Bangladeshis today, in front of the Dawki River. Riwar has been looking for a job in this place.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Kitbok Nongphlang congratulated the Samla Nongthymmai 14-15 mer for organizing such a festival for the youth. Various programs during this month as the youth organization has also prepared for the celebration of the 25th anniversary of the mawmer.
We owe a lot to the staff of the Hospital and all those who have served their fellow human beings in the Hospital for these 100 years.
The small reason is that the Khasi Jaintia have not yet entered the business of builders.
Israel has also decided to launch a final offensive against Rafah in Gaza before Israeli troops take control of Gaza after the defeat of the militants in Gaza. Rafah down.
The tournament was held to raise funds for St. Joseph's Secondary School, Nongtalang to meet the needs of the school.
“This has been a great work and a good example for those people who have the spirit to do something for the poor,” he said.
The Ephphatha Society would like to thank the Resource Persons, Rangbah Shnongs of these villages, the students of KB Memorial Secondary School Wapung, the members of the Ephphatha Society and also the Wapung School for allowing us to hold the This program has provided all the necessary facilities as well as the Ministry of Social Welfare which has funded this programme.
On the occasion, the State budget of more than T.22,022 crore was also approved for the implementation of many needs and expenditures throughout the year from 1st June, 2023 to 31st October,
Therefore, such announcements should be stopped immediately, said a statement from Thomas Passah, President, KHNAM State Youth Wing.
Jowai, Lber 08: The District Medical Officer, Jowai on Thursday 8th October, 2024 inaugurated the Loomkyrwiang Urban Primary Health Centre, Jowai.
Speaking to reporters, the DHS said that Manisha Turnia, who died on 30th June 2021, was on night shift at Ganesh Das Hospital on the 18th. 19 and 20 June 2021, said Dr A War, DHS (MI), State Government.
The man who fell into the truck in the accident on Saturday morning at Ummulong is from Saphai village, B West Jaintia Hills District.
Demthring SC has qualified for the final after beating Dulong FC by a tie breaker in the first semifinal of the First Division Football Tournament (WJDSA) held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. friday.
Shillong, July 23: The Pradesh Election Committee (PEC) of the Congress party in Meghalaya has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issues and demands of the HNLC. The Lok Sabha elections from Shilong and Tura seats will be held on Tuesday after receiving the names of the applicants for the Lok Sabha elections from Shilong and Tura seats.
Shillong, November 1: The National Commission for Safety (NCSK) today directed the state government to increase the salary of road workers to T.10,500 per month. invest 5% in educational institutions for their children.
Speaking to media, the President of MPUF East Jaintia Hills District, Samla Kyrshan Blah said that the absence of MVI has caused a lot of problems to the people of the area especially in relation to any matters related to the The union urges the office of the Commissioner of Transports to take action against the DTO of the District. to take care of this task so that the people of the District can carry out their duties in relation to this department.
Jowai, July 18: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar Jowai has decided to implement the rules and regulations of the village regarding the election campaign within the boundary of the village. village.
It is understood that Jolie is no longer going to write letters between them, but is going to another topic and that is to get back to love as a husband.
If the Government really wants lasting peace, it should act in the same way as it did with the Mizo Accord 1986,” said the HNLC. respecting the feelings and aspirations of the people of Hynniewtrep.
One of them was identified as Daio Sutong while the other was identified as Chulim.
“The bailight they have been installing for many years has cost billions of rupees, and I have been looking for them since they started the bill light which has cost billions of rupees on or 7 months, and we also request them to come and pay their light bill so that we can continue to provide electricity to them,” he added.
Shillong Lajong beat Rangdajied United Football Club 3-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The SP also urged that every village should strengthen the VDPs to curb all kinds of crimes in the villages.
In addition, they have raised flags in all government offices.
They said that if the government provides assistance to them to plant thri it will be a blessing and it will be of great benefit to them to produce more handicrafts.
Aloe vera : It helps to fight against increased inflammation and reduce the damage caused by sunburn.
These four Congress candidates include Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA from East Shillong Constituency, PT Sawkmie MLA from Mawlai Constituency 15, Mayralborn Syiem MLA from Nongpoh Constituency 9, Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency 33 and Mohendro MLA from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. 18 West Shillong Constituency.
He said how can another weight bridge be opened in the same area especially when the contract with the contractor has not been expired.
The same petition was also sent to the CEM of KHADC and the CEM of GHADC.
"The Mawpud closure in Mukroh, the search for village leaders in Khanduli, the attempt to destroy the pharmacy in PSiar and the threat/demand for money from the paradoh parasnam living in these border areas of Meghalaya is a threat. “The KSU has violated the human rights obligations of the District authorities of WJHD and Karbi Anglong District in the past years,” said the statement. -Jain.
KHNAM's demand came after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said, “The MLA scheme is only for those voters and supporters. those who support the party/candidate in the election and all the 60 MLAs do the same”.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Munjpara Mahendrabhai also suggested ways and means to implement the schemes allocated by the Government of India.
“The Minister also announced that the Meghalaya Games will be held every year and said that in 2023 they will be held in Tura and in 2024 in Jowai.
These are those who are in the doubt of life on Earth to love God or to love the world.
Various countries bordering Russia have erected silver barriers to avoid conflict with Russia.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, has strongly condemned the foreign employees of MCL (Top Cem) who were responsible for the shooting and bombing of children and women on the day of the shooting. Public Hearing held by the MPCB at Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District, on 24th July 2023 for the purpose of expanding the production of clinker and cement of the Company. .
At the same time, he said that although the village is still new, it is very fortunate because not only has it received this new road but it will also receive the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme. to supply water to every corner of the house.
The Government of India has set up a team under the supervision of MP Bezbaruah to look into the problems faced by the residents of this area who are living in other states.
The two CRPF commandos were rushed to Down Town Hospital in Guwahati for treatment.
He also spoke about his good intentions to work and serve the people of Shella constituency.
Ms Bell, said that the traffic jam on the highway, as well as the number of private vehicles on the road, where even taxis have found it difficult to earn.
This is the rap ud rap kyang of the people.
In 2019, the MDC election was held in Mowkaiaw village after the victory of the UDP candidate, the NPP supporters damaged many houses in Mowkaiaw.
Shillong, July 04: An earthquake measuring 6.7 on the Richter scale, this morning, has shocked the people of the state who were shocked even in the middle of their sleep.
“The KJCLF wishes to confirm and make it clear that Sunday is a holy and sacred day for Christians and churches,” said Rev Dr EH Kharkongor, Secretary KJCLF. It is expected that these festivals will go smoothly without any disruption, so that this will also promote peace and order in the State.
“Since yesterday (November 20, 2023) during the school holidays since we came home, we have been telephoning from home.
He said the NDA government has passed the bill by force without consultation with the people working in this field especially the farmers' organizations and without respecting the federal structure of the bill. Country.
When trying to find out the reason why the Rangbah was shot dead, it was learned that the reason was that the people had accused him of being a you are the Savior.
Khanduli village falls within the boundary of West Karbi Anglong District (WKAD) according to the documents and maps available with the Assam Government, said Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District (WKAD) Krishna Baruah. .
In a statement, Shylla did not say whether he will contest from the PDF party, but said that he and his supporters will decide to contest from the party in 2018 ( without mentioning the PDF) and here the question arose whether Bah Shylla will not contest from the PDF or from another party.
That is Hindu and Tattva.
He said that the authorities and officials of the area have been criticized and there has been protest from the people after they have not been able to explain the situation regarding the incident for several days. including the condition of those involved, whether they escaped, died or not in the incident.
“The Assam government has released us and has not accepted us but the Meghalaya government still needs to accept us but has not accepted us,” Gupta said.
It was also observed that many patients have to wait for up to 24 hours to get treatment because of the covid test and they find it very difficult to get treatment.
Bah Tyllilang Myrthong, President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, has said that he has approved the registration of 10 husbands. he married his wife.
For more than two years, Meghalaya has been experiencing the outbreak of this disease but there are still many people who are still taking sting to understand how much precautionary measures are really needed.
We should not wait until the people suffer if when the water reaches the neck.
The Information Secretary visited Jeep Stand, Garage, Upper Mawprem and Last Stop.
In a statement, the President of the Federation, Parabir S Sehdave said that they will also distribute signs on tourist taxis to educate passengers to refrain from spreading in public places and explain to them not to put them in a place in the car after they have eaten in the car.
Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy.
PFR Academy beat Mylliem Grass Root 2-0 and Sacred Heart Football Academy beat Rangdajied United FC 4-0 05: After 2 years of closure of the border market in Raid Lyngkhat of Hima Khyrim due to the outbreak of Covid 19, the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat on Friday in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs of the villages Raid Lyngkhat and the participation of the office bearers of the RWDO.
In another case related to the misuse of two gift deeds, a retired sub-register of Porompat Revenue Circle identified as S Ibomcha (52). Khondrakpam Damayenta (59) and a woman identified as Khondrakpam Damayenta (59) were arrested for allegedly stealing these two gift deeds in 2022.
In preparation for the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024, the Wrestling Association of West Garo Hills District Committee has met with Bah John F. Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
At this meeting, Prestone explained the party's principles and especially on the issue of fertilizers which has stirred up the party recently.
In this regard, the Namdong Village Authority, has held a Dorbar Shnong on 22nd June 2018, where they have decided not to pay the electricity bill, if the office does not install the transformer within this month. They will also appeal against the monthly electricity bill of this office.
The tournament, which will end on November 1, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
If we count in terms of money, since each group should receive 1 lakh tyngja, it means that the money is up to 5 crore tyngka.
Nongpoh, June 30: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District has expressed its deep sorrow and sorrow over the death of a young woman from Ri-Bhoi District at her residence at the university where she was studying in Rajasthan. Even the parents and relatives cannot imagine believing this incident which has broken the hearts of all the parents and loved ones.
The residents of Block I and II have strongly opposed this and till now Block I and II have not been returned to Jaintia Hills.
Others received consolation prizes.
According to the residents of the area, 35 years ago, before the KHADC took over the forest, the forest was beautiful and covered with trees. , but now they said that the forest has shrunk and no longer can be seen the pictures of the trees of the forest as it used to be.
The SSSS, which stands on the principle of “service with understanding”, also urges the members of the Sohra Youth Wing to be intelligent and courageous to do something good for the community so that they can be an example to them that shall not take up the work.
Laban-Mawprem Constituency: Bah Sanbor Shullai, NCP candidate who has been MDC for 20 years, has won again despite the contest between the Congress, UDP and HSPDP. Adelbert Nongrum, KHNAM candidate who is also the incumbent MDC, although the contest is between UDP candidate and former MDC Martamlin Pyrbot.
The students of OM Roy Memorial High School beat OM Roy Memorial High School 4-2 in the tie breaker.
Angelina Jackson was the winner among the 18 contestants for her beauty and charm, which attracted the attention of the judges and the audience as well.
Earlier, they had threatened the Muslims and said that the NRC has come, the CAA has come and the Muslims will have to leave India within six months.
Shillong, July 21: U Abhishek Upa, Police Reserve, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 2nd of this month at 1:30 pm, a phone came to his mobile phone. The caller admitted that he was an employee of SBI and during the conversation he asked for details of his ATM. You have T.33,000 in your bank account.
The answer to this question would have remained dark and would have ended up in the answers, or without an answer at all, without the help of scientists or astronomers with the help of the stars. The scientist-star who has worked hard in these areas is Sir Harold Spencer Jones, who has spent his life in searching carefully to reveal now the wonderful things which he has found in the earth of the heavenly bodies.
The meeting was encouraged by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma who promised that the government will take care of the issues of the retired soldiers and urged the retired soldiers to Young people should take advantage of the opportunities opened by the Government in various fields.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Bhowal People's Federation (BPF) will hold its meeting on the 28th of this month at IB in Dangar.
On this occasion, the President of the party, Bah Conrad K. Sangma, has confirmed the party to the NPP.
Now, while the world around us is shouting: “Equal rights for women”, Meghalaya should not do anything about this because the women in the State have already become the Lord? or “Kong 13 Bor” as said by PB Lyngdoh (November 18.10.13)? In the past, the Khasi woman has not been able to be the “Ka Kong 13 Bor” – she has had to be protected by the children of the Kur! H. Srivastava said that in Shillong they are afraid to hold Municipal Elections because according to the 74th Amendment of the Constitution of India, one third of the seats in the Municipal Corporation should be women.
Speaking in the House on the Governor's speech, Bah Mawthoh said that the claim of the MUA-II government that Meghalaya has increased to 8.1 percent is unfounded. hey hey spirit.
Besides this decision, the Dorbar Shnong has also met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar and sent a letter of opposition to the establishment of Bah Ernest Mawrie. The village has also canceled the NOC for the construction of the wine store.
The delay in the maintenance of this road has affected the residents of Mawlai and has also caused heavy traffic jam.
He said that after the talks between the Meghalaya and Assam police on Sunday, there was no incident.
Since then, he has gained a reputation as the greatest politician of the Khasi and Jaintia people. He was elected as a member of the Constituent Assembly of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. India and one of the 40 members from Assam to be on the committee to draft the Sixth Schedule.
It is learned that these priests, have insulted the woman, from her confession and which they should keep only to their own knowledge.
The ANTF together with the Khliehriat Police Station conducted a search operation in Nongsning.
However, according to the Swiss National Bank (SNB), this figure increased to 999 million Swiss francs or T.6,891 crore in
During the protest, the employees of JHADC held placards reading, “We demand justice, we have families, we will not live without salary, salary it is our right among other writings.
