About 70 to 100% of people aged 30 to 69 die from the disease and among those infected are from poor or low middle income countries. According to a 2014 report by the World Health Organization, the death toll from the disease has reached 40 million.
“Through the construction of a new office, it will be of great help and especially to expand the activities for the benefit of many people,” he said.
The aim is to transport goods from the North East to Kolkata or Haldia by this waterway.
She said that this year the biscuits have not grown well and the jyntang has grown very quickly.
It was decided that the inspection will be attended by the district, village and military authorities.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The GNLA has now formed a stronger group to fight against the police, with seven soldiers in each group. of the allotted lands.
We have heard from time to time that those who are involved in the construction of buildings and other activities have been involved in the stinginess of some of the workers when they are employed.
Mawthoh said the UDP has already sent letters to all political parties but it is up to them whether they will come or not to discuss because this is not a political issue, but a social issue. problems of the people.
For the Shillong Parliamentary constituency, Vincent said he hopes to get another ticket to contest although there are others who have applied for ticket.
The reason why Bah Adelbert asked this is because nothing has been revealed in the budget or budget for this year and even in this Synrai Dorbar nothing has been revealed.
After being arrested, they were taken to the Dorbar Shnong where the Sordar Shnongs of the area were present to investigate and judge them according to the rules of procedure of the Shnong.
The DGGI has seized Rs 195 crore in cash, 23 kilograms of gold and Rs 6 crore worth of sandalwood oil from the house of Piyush Jain in Kanpur and Ujjain. in Uttar Pradesh.
He said that although the police have worked hard day and night to seize those illegal coal trucks, it is not known whether there are any illegal coal trucks. Two coal trucks have escaped in Ri Bhoi, as it is a busy road.
What happened was that the Jews did not believe in that truth, they crucified their Messiah and denied that he was the Son of God because the truth was not in them or the Word of God was not in them.
“Since the post of Waheh Shnong in Sohmynting and Khliehtyrshi, the court has judged the people and the orders of the JHADC have died,” said Awhai Andrew Shullai MDC of the Congress. wai in the House of Commons.
“When there has been a death of a person, we feel it is necessary to share this incident with you.
It is a disease that spreads through the air and is passed from one person to another by sneezing, coughing, or speaking loudly.
As the leader of the party, he said that there is no such intention, it is just a joke, this was made clear in front of the police who summoned the appearance today. the summons appeared.
Mawkyrwat Presbyterian School is one of the schools that has been upgraded to Secondary School.
Shillong: U John CA Sangma, MPS, Dy.SP (HQ), West Garo Hills, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that on the 8th of this month, about 200 to 250 members of various political parties including The GSU, ADE, AYWO and FKJGP led by Tengsak G Momin, President, GSU ​​and other leaders of these organizations called for the removal of Shri Sofiur Rahman MDC from the party. Chairman, Forest Advisory Committee, GHADC and said that they entered his office and this action of them caused him to leave the office but he said that they also followed him from behind. M/s Momin Gas Agency, Hawakhana, Tura (WGH) with rude words.
The reason why there may be no error in the design or construction of the contractor is because there is no natural disaster or earthquake.
After no goal was scored even after extra time, the referees decided to score a tie-breaker and it was in this goal that the women won the title. In the first round, Umdihar Secondary School beat Evershine English Secondary School 4-2 to win the title.
But the fool hath said in his heart, There is no God.
Shillong: Police have received serious doubt about the statement of the owner of a shop that caught fire at Iewduh at 4 pm this morning.
Abstain from speaking or doing evil deeds, abstain from looking at anything evil that causes sin," he added.
Besides the KJP Eastern Synod, the Border Area Department, the Textile Department of the State Government, together with the Social Economic Life Development Department of the KJP Eastern Synod, are also involved in the training.
The president of the party, Israful Hoque, alleged that these women were discriminated against and illegally excluded from the NRC list of Assam.
In June 2019, the Government of Meghalaya immediately donated Rs 1 crore to Odisha after the natural disaster.
He added that these foreigners are from the red zone and this action of these foreigners will endanger the residents as a whole.
The MCTA has announced to withdraw its Non Cooperation Movement (NCM) against the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) following a decision taken at the Extended Executive Committee (EEC) meeting held on Sunday. Second.
Perhaps this is only the smallest part and there may be more like this when the facts are investigated.
A 20-year-old woman, who lives in the UAE, has reportedly argued with her husband just because she was playing PUBG, and reached the point where she demanded to be released. and said that his actions were against her rights.
The Kharlieh stand up with deceitful tricks to deceive our nation, they accuse us of atheism, demon worshipping, superstition and so on, at the same time they deceive our relatives. They followed to accept their religion and customs, and they offered to give them heaven as if that heaven were their own.
During these 25 years of her service, the professor has worked hard and contributed greatly in the development of teaching in education, research and also in the renewal of courses. .
After the opening and blessing of the office, the office gave a small gift to those who took part in the opening ceremony.
Well, here’s what’s interesting to think about is that, after Adam and Eve sinned, who was God going to ask first? Who was Adam or Eve? I believe we all know who it was, it was Adam, although we know that it was Eve who sinned first and not Adam.
“The directive of the Ministry of Agriculture that only one household can register farmland cannot be done because in Meghalaya many households live together, but many others have a share in farming. I urge the Ministry of Agriculture to change this order,” said Donbok Dkhar.
He said that the party has met with the authorities of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong District but until now the Pnar community is still facing harassment by the Karbi people living on the border of the state. Assam.
In this regard, it was reported that his whereabouts were found after he called his father.
And later,they released.
" said Niakha.
We who have to read in a foreign language (English) find it difficult.
And in the middle (3 1⁄2) of the month the Jews shall offer sacrifices and meat offerings, as their fathers did.
After the explanation of these government officials, Bah S.Wahlang Sordar of Sohpian Village, while talking to reporters, said that regarding this road, the people would be pleased to do what these government officials have done. officials explained.
We must remember that our human bodies are designed in such a way that we must sleep at night and not wake up during the day because we have to work; to go to the field; to go to the market; to finish reading and so on.
The HSPDP leader, who is also a former MLA of Mawshynrut constituency, said that as long as the Khasi people are alive, the HSPDP will survive. “As long as the Khasi people are alive, the HSPDP will survive. i'm alive" he said.
Jowai, Nailur 13: The Dorbar Shnong of Myngsngat Village has strongly criticized the JHADC under the leadership of Ma Thombor Shiwat, CEM, for misusing its powers and violating the Act. The Waheh Shnongs in accordance with the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act 2015 approved by the Governor of Meghalaya on November 23, 2015.
“Bah Gigur also explained that his participation in the meeting of the Border Committee was because there is no CEM and as Deputy CEM he will have to be present even though he is not a member of the Border Committee. Border Committee.
He said that these are the day laborers here in Shillong.
The Sordar of Nongrmai Bah Shailes L Nongrang welcomed the members of the HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle and congratulated the members of the HNYF Mawshut Unit. He also congratulated the HNYF under the leadership of Bah K.Skan Rani in the area to continue to serve the people of the area. and the whole Bri u Hynniewtrep, at all times the society living together within the Khasi Hills.
The Chekri Diam Tourist Taxi and the JSU are opposed to the Citizenship Amendment Bill as it will lead to the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya and other states in the North East.
On Friday last month, Dr. Richard Wahlang, in charge of the disabled in West Khasi Hills, together with Bah KP Pangniang, led by his brother, visited the home of His brother, Bah Darbit Marak, to meet the child.
Speaking on the occasion, Banteidor said he has already directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to investigate the traders who illegally cut kilos of farmers' products in Iewduh.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, in his explanation, said that the bill has been passed since 2010 and is based on the opinion of the Rangbah Shnongs, the rulers. “It is urgent to pass this bill to implement the Influx,” said the CEM. He said that under the bill, the Dorbar Shnong has been empowered to create to various committees.
The MLAs of the Opposition should inquire and find out how much the Government spends monthly on the payment of salaries and other expenses to those MLAs who support the MDA Government. Is it necessary to appoint those MLAs? What is their contribution to governance? In English, they say that when we spend money on any person, we should measure the work they do.
Another retired Archbishop Antony Anandarayar of Pondicherry has died of COVID-19 on 4th June,
Shillong, Nailar 22: Various civil society organizations from Garo and Khasi Hills including GSU, ADE, AYWO, FKJGP, HITO, WKSU, JYF and other civil society organizations have held a sit-in protest at Kiang Nangbah's statue at Barik to demand that the Government should review and revise the MoU signed between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma. 29th October in Delhi to end the border dispute between the two states which has been going on for 50 years.
Shillong, July 5: The eldest son of Rahim, Mustafa Ahmed, in an interview with Rupang, told Rupang that the main reason why his father asked for permission from the The court ordered him to commit suicide with his children because his family had nothing left and his father had auctioned all his property from shops, land and others.
In a rally today, the people demanded that the Meghalaya government should withdraw the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam in Nongbah. Delhi, said that the MoU signed between the parties is wrong, as many of the land which belongs to Meghalaya has been forcibly transferred to Assam without respect. shud the opposition of the people.
Air Algerie management said that the passengers were intending to travel from one place to another such as Europe, the Middle East or Canada.
The residents said that they want the contractors who are doing the work to do their best so that the road will be stable and can benefit the people for years or decades.
The giving of jait to the mother has brought a great sin of bloodshed in our Khasi society where the brothers and sisters have come to marry each other.
The group of Bah Neil Nongkynrih will perform for about two hours in the city.
Shylla said that in the letter, the Governor has expressed that he wants a comment from the government on these Bills to know what they mean. The reply from the Government and after receiving the response from the Government, he will immediately pass these bills into law.
Maharashtra has 46,723 new cases, Delhi 27,561 and Kerala 12,7
She said that she is from Jowai and belongs to the Tre religion. From Nursery to Class II she went to school in Jowai, and after that she went to Pine Mount until Class X. She attended class XI and XII in Pune, then completed her B.Com in Pune at Maharashtra College of Commerce. She left her job and went to M.Com at NEHU and after completing her M.Com she went to Delhi to do Coaching for one year (2012-2013) to compete for the M.Com. UPSC examination and this year she has passed.
The race will start from the Main Gate of Kiang Nangbah Stadium and pass through Ladthadlaboh Main Road. Compound, HK Singh School, DC Office, New Hill, National Highway and ended at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium.
Later, Ryntih FC managed to beat Nangkiew Irat FC by scoring another goal through Andy Mawthoh in the 73rd minute and Lalrosanga in the 83rd minute.
Donkupar Roy Kharkrang, Assistant General Secretary Sh.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on Thursday said it will face difficulties in the ability to enroll students for the year 2026-2027 if it is delayed in implementing the by National Education Police (NEP)-2020.
Understand : understanding is the ability to hold in mind any feeling.
When asked how he feels about the discouragement of the people against the Congress in the state, Bah Lapang said that the Congress is like the tallest tree and that is why all the people they want to kill you.
The men's and women's arm wrestling team from Meghalaya, which represented India at the 43rd World Arm Wrestling Championship, won medals at the tournament held in Turkey.
We will inform you soon (about the decision taken),” said Bah Metbah.
On the other hand, Bah Pohshna requested the Four Units to work harder to elect the Candidate MDC 2024 by the Voice of the People in their respective Circles so that we can bring about the MDCs to work together for the welfare of the people of 7-Amlarem Constituency and to work together with the MLA so that we can develop and bring about development in the Constituency due to the victory of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. It is because of his hard work that he has brought many development works in these 5 years to all the villages in the 7-Amlarem Constituency.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Ramesh Pokhriyal today praised Meaidaibahun Majaw for creating an App to complain about discrimination. to other children.
We on behalf of the Seiñ Raij Tuber Sengkmie (Central Body) don't have such a resolution in the Committee and we don't even talk about it to oppose the railway line in our state and we don't want it. also to say something on this point.
This road needs urgent paving.
The games on this day were very interesting and in which the players from different colleges showed their skills which impressed the spectators and the management.
Conrad said the concern expressed by the Mowkaiaw MLA is very important.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi, led by Bah RC Thangkhiew as President and Bah John Makri, Vice President, today visited a petrol pump. which has just been opened, which is located in the village of Sohkyrbam Rim.
The Minister of Electricity said that the state government will soon implement the smart meters and the Asian Development Bank has already allocated funds for the project. that smart meter.
Shillong: The Government Lower Primary Contract Teachers Association (GOTEA) has staged an indefinite strike from 1st October 2021 at Malki Square Shillong. Until the State Government calls for talks with them, but it was also seen that these teachers who protested have held a night stay at the square despite the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills. The district has ordered them to return to their homes and not to stay overnight in the area.
Amendments to the laws relating to these decisions will be taken up in due course.
Previously, the protection of witnesses was within the jurisdiction of the courts but now it is the responsibility of the State Government to provide protection to witnesses.
Shillong, Nailar 04 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Friday promised that there will be peace for the leaders of the HNLC in their visit to talk peace.
Pratik Haritwal (47) and Abhijeet Dey (37) also contributed runs for Ri Bhoi, while Nehlang (37) scored the most runs for Ri Bhoi. Pariat who was killed 6/6
The Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) has arrested three suspects in the past few days, including one who was involved in the murder. His name is Sajid Mehmood.
They felt that the willingness of the robbers to commit illegal acts was due to the weakness of the laws to protect and punish the perpetrators.
Bah Pynïaid also explained that he will file his nomination papers for the CEM election to be held on Tuesday at 11 pm.
She also explained that who can donate blood, those who can donate blood must be in good health, have a card between the ages of 18 to 65 years, have a weight of 45 kg. , have a hemoglobin of at least 12.5 gm/dl, have not had any treatment for 6 months, have cholesterol or low blood pressure, cannot donate blood, cannot take medication BP and if their BP is sufficient.
The Hima leaders also informed that in connection with the anticipatory bail of these 25 persons tomorrow, the date of bail has been changed. The rally will be held in front of the Secretariat as scheduled on the 28th October, 2023 on another date and the date will be announced.
Denis was reportedly shot in the head and collapsed on the spot and lost consciousness.
Shillong: The residents of Ratachera village in East Jaintia Hills under the leadership of Bah Tihunmon Sumer together with the elders of the village, on Tuesday said that 106 households have lodged a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong. Speaking to reporters, Tihunmon said that their complaint is that in 2015, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah D Pohshna, issued the The order has increased the Shnong fee to four levels which the residents have to pay per annum, namely, T.3000/-, T.2000/-, T.1000/- and T.500/-.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that she has spoken to the fish traders and sellers and they have informed that they have received the certificate from the Karnataka government.
Dr. Kharlukhi said that as one of those who have been in politics for a long time, not less than 30, 33 years, he sees that if you look closely at all these allegations, many more will come out. .
He said that because many Christians are not strong in faith, they turn away from serving the name of Jesus Christ, our Savior, and the founder of the church; many of the Christians in Wales because of their lack of faith have now turned away from serving Jesus.
They also demanded the establishment of schools and educational institutions to provide education to the children living in the villages in Block-I.
He said that the jhum cultivation method destroys the environment and urged the residents to find other methods of cultivation.
East Khasi Hills has 126 cases and these include 10 cases in Laitkor, 15 cases in Laitkor, 13 cases in Laitumkhrah, 5 cases in Langkyrding, 9 cases in Lummawbah, 5 cases in Mawdiangdiang, 9 cases in Mawlang, 5 cases in Nongrah, 4 cases in Mawlai. One hundred.
Nongstoiñ: The Lyngdoh Kur Nonglyngkien has released a short history written by Bah Dmikstar Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien. Maharam Princess.
He said that according to the information received by the party, even the foundation stone will be laid soon, but the party does not allow this and if it is done by force, it means that the foundation stone will be laid soon. the party also cannot show its strength.
Groups wishing to participate in the auction of this mineral need to register with MSTC Limited through Spot E Auction, after which they will receive the information and the location of the coal and after that they have already looked they will head the price.
Two of the occupants of the vehicle fled the scene, while the driver was arrested by the residents.
In the struggle to curb the influx of foreigners, most of them are young men and young women are not seen.
We cannot say that they are using the feelings of Hindu/Hindi to get votes, this is clear.
“The attack on the Chief Minister's Office (CMO) is strongly condemned and the BJP wants all those involved to be arrested immediately,” said Bah Mawrie in a statement.
The reason is that they run them according to the rules on how companies should be run.
In India, there have been 2,59,170 new cases and 1,761 deaths in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said.
In the following parts of this article many of the words written are quoted from the Bible in which it is said that these preparations for the implementation of the numbers are all foretold in the Bible for that coming rule. of a wild beast.
The woman, Rosamystica Siangshai and her son Adrian Siangshai, 2.5 years old, went missing from their mother's house in Lumpariat, Jowai in the early hours of the 13th of this month.
Thus, until now many countries of the world have known and heard of the Lord Jesus and His Gospel through preachers of the Word of God, through the media Television, Radio, Mobile, newspapers and so on.
The village together with the Pommura Youth Wing, FKJGP Pommura Unit and KSU Pommura Unit strongly condemned the robbers and demanded that the police should immediately arrest those who robbed the river.
On the opening day of the celebration, held at Don Bosco Technical School, the Salesian Society of Don Bosco, on the 12th of July, 1922, was commemorated. the Missionary Group of the North East in Guwahati and the next day, on the 13th of July 1922, they were able to return to Shillong.
The SCCCOWMDF said that in recent days several of its leaders have come to Delhi to meet with Union Ministers including Kiren Rijiju, Jual Oram to express the concerns of the coal traders. They also said that they have met with Purno A Sangma, Chairman of the MPs from the North East to discuss the issues of the children and to fight for the early release of the ban on coal mining. Shillong, July 06: South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Urban Affairs Prashant Naik has spoken without knowing the rules of law. of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MU DA) as reported in the media.
(4) Well-run schools and colleges with adequate teachers.
“According to this rule, it is necessary for government ministers and government officials to complete their own RT-PCR outside the state,” said Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of the State Government. day.
? You don't have anyone else, except Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the great leader of our Khasi Khara people.
“We should not neglect our responsibility, we are taking all the jobs only temporarily, and this temporary job will not solve the problem and it is time for the government to take permanent measures in relation to "I'm sorry," said Lahkmen.
Jaya Prada, a well-known actress, who recently joined the BJP, will contest from Rampur.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Shortly after the manifesto of the United Democratic Party (UDP) was published on social media, the General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday said that I visited and congratulated Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit at his residence near the Additional Secretariat.
At Dogboi LAC, an indoor stadium will be set up along with a swimming pool along the 2 km road from Digboi Chariali to Borbeel.
They also demanded the recruitment of casual workers in the regularies post where these workers have been working for about 15 years and the government should also pay the same salary to all.
The SP said that during the investigation, the relatives of the deceased said that the deceased had just undergone spinal surgery in the past two months and was sleeping. in bed.
It is too late for me to say anything until I have received the writing of all these things.
Of the Rs 400 crore, we don't know how much they have implemented their CSR.
The chief guest of this part of the programme, Prof (Dr) Nalin Mehta, Director, NEIGRIHMS, explained about his experiences around the world and said that 'love for others is love for God' ', as Swami Vivekananda said.
The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society has also set up a mobile testing van to provide HIV testing to all those who came to witness the games.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed the hope that this victory will pave the way for strengthening the collection of information about the moon.
He said that the party will take a decision at any time to submit to the government and the prime minister will have to take responsibility for the issue. “The party is preparing to send its children to various competitions, even though the government does not believe,” said the General Secretary, Bah Darwin L. Mawphlang.
So we understand that anxious means that we think sadly about the bad things that happen in our lives, for example, a person is anxious when he gets sick, when he gets sick. death, when crops are bad, when there is pain in the household, and also when there is poverty and so on.
He was clothed with a robe made of leather, and he was girded with a leather belt..." (2 Kings 1:7-8).
Speaking as the chief guest at a meeting to discuss the availability of electricity generation opportunities in the North East, Bah Rowel said that the government relies on electricity generation opportunities in the North East. Private companies to conduct surveys on any projects to generate electricity but the government does not have enough information whether those companies are skilled in this field.
“So, we are optimistic that nationwide the answer will be the same.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that he has already promised to the Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep that the report will be submitted to the Legislative Assembly on the 9th of November.
In the second half, Pyrdiwah SC tried hard to score but couldn't and in the 59th minute Wahlyngkhat SC scored the first goal through Banrap Khongbuh.
As the debt collector, the State Government has paid T.45.70 crore to the Board's creditors between March 2006 and July 2009 as a clearance of the debt taken by the Board from the banks.
The team today also won again by beating Umkseh Sports Club 5-1
The results will not be posted at the MBOSE offices in Tura and Shillong.
Therefore, we must think that there should be a political party that will rule which will not affect the peace, the faith, the religion, the language, the development of the country. they shall not be able to hold back the little ones.
There are many people who have created youtube channels and there are also those who have started earning money, although they have little income.
How it affects the health, the environment and the livelihoods of indigenous peoples and communities.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner, HML Kynta today launched the Intensified Mission Indradhanush 5.0 vaccination program for children and poor mothers.
He said that with this victory he hopes that it will be an opportunity for him to buy land to build a house as most of them are living in foreign houses.
This scholarship for school students living within the border of the State was last released on 17th November 2020 for the year 2019-20 T.2,20,00,800/- and on 2nd November release T.2,16,00,000/-.
During the training, the teachers learned many types of training such as tying of knots, spare time activities, first aid, flag procedure, wood craft signs, hiking and camping, preparation grand campfire, entertainment and others.
However, he said that the Government also wants to maintain the roads without spending new money.
Group-H, Rudrapur: Corbet FC (Uttarakhand), Hero FC (Jammu &  Kashmir), Ladakh Football Schools and Academy (Ladakh), Chandigarh Football Academy (Chandigarh), Sudeva Delhi FC (Delhi).
“One message I would like to send to foreign traders, don't think that they will be able to trade freely in this EC, don't be happy, the duty that gives us the authority to inspect, search, we will To those who do not recognize the KHADC, if it is the way to stop their business, we will have to stop.
He said the government has allocated for the construction of roads in this area for the past decades.
Bah Ronnie said that if the Governor's rule comes to power, who else can protect and preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
The decision came a day after the state government expressed its inability to provide any assurance to the ASHA workers who are on strike by staying at home, on the grounds that they The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has already received the adequate payment for their demand.
The wholesale price and shops at Jaintia Service Station have been fixed at T 79.60/- and T 81.50/- respectively. T83.60/- and T85.50/- respectively.
He said that in the next few months, a patient management system will be launched in the state which will be able to monitor the patients undergoing treatment at various health centres.
The Beauty And The Beast actress said that one of the reasons why she temporarily refrained from acting was because she wasn't interested in what she was doing.
There is no such thing here.
The chief guest on the occasion will be Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare etc. and the second chief guest will be PDSEO Khliehriat.
Tens of hundreds of ASHAs under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) from all over the units of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills attended the meeting.
As it is now, it is clear that many of the village leaders are more against the woman brought by the young man from the village, while they allow those Khasi women brought by the foreigner and the witness to this. It is about the freedom of residence of foreigners.
A few days ago, T.95,71,16,98,647 had been deposited into the account of Urmila, who has an account with the State Bank of India. an.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills U17 Boys Club has reached the quarter final of the District Subroto Cup.
“Vaccination is a preventive measure and even if you are infected, it will reduce the severity of the disease and avoid tragic incidents,” said Kyrmen.
The Kurs born in the country are free to perform their duties, religions and customs in their homes, in their villages, in their kingdoms and so on, according to the traditional thought that has come down to them. Jaidbynriew from the first day of the birth of the Khasi Khara.
Langyonlamba temporarily shocked Meghalaya by scoring 83 runs, but the other batsmen of Manipur could not contain this feeling as Yadav scored 4/2 It was a good point for Meghalaya in this trophy match.
He added that the new bridge to Shillong should be constructed by the PWD, it has been surveyed and the Geological Survey of India has ordered that it should not be constructed because of the soil. This road will pass through the existing bridge, and it will go forward and this road will pass through the existing bridge.
He said that the Meghalaya High Court through the issuance of many orders has requested the state government and the HPC to take measures to resolve the issues. deal with this section.
If the mother differs, the father is the same.
On the other hand, the government has issued a notice that employees should not miss work on office closure days without proper reasons and apparently, the government has been able to implement this order.
The meeting was conducted by Tony Nongsiej and welcome speech was delivered by Dorjling Sohphoh, President of Hep Memorial School, Sakwang.
Dr Mukul said this at a meeting with leaders and supporters at his residence in Ampati, East Garo Hills to strengthen the TMC in Ampati Constituency.
Nongstoiñ, June 4: The CM's pledge to provide electricity to every household in India has become just a word. they shall do this, and they shall do that.
The program was attended by Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, Block Development Officer, Umling C&RD Block, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew as the chief guest and Bah U.Kurbah, SDO, Sub Division, PHE, Nongpoh as the chief guest.
So why don't I speak Hindi?” he asked.
Shillong, Naitung 8: Ka Shrishty (name changed), the wife of an Assam Rifles soldier, has alleged that the Army officials forced her to hide the incident after she went to complain about this to the military authorities.
However, the Khasi scholars from the Khasi Department, NEHU should be able to translate the Khasi language into Khasi, otherwise, the introduction of the Khasi language to the PhD level will be a sham.
In Shillong, it was seen that around the places where there are pandals, people have been flocking to perform their religious rituals.
Shillong: An earthquake, which has been strongest, has struck the North Eastern Region at 8.19 pm this evening.
The ISF has called a curfew in the district since 5 pm on 11th 2020 to demand its own district for the people of Dima Hasao.
You think such a nation with such houses, there can still be fear that such a nation will not progress and that it will not be able to produce such leaders who are willing to sacrifice themselves for the good, growth and development of the nation ?.
In our observations.
In a statement, the VPP will hold three meetings in the first phase, on the 17th of this month at Madan Heh, Mawlai at 2 pm, on the 19th Iawmusiang, Jowai at 12 noon and on the 20th at Jaïaw at 2 pm.
Makdonal Lyngdoh and Shiningstar Khardewsaw also arrived and when they arrived they tried to convince the crowd, in which Shining himself said that the crowd should not come to fight because of the They have already submitted the documents and the land belongs to them.
They shoot and take away the cattle, goats, pigs and livestock of the people as they please, and if they ask for money they threaten and shoot them with guns.
Dr Mukul also slammed the BJP and the indigenous parties saying that they have no difference with the BJP. Dr. Mukul Sangma, has strongly criticized the BJP for banning even the consumption of beef, which is one of the meats we eat every day. which thou shalt not eat.
According to sources, in Nongdom village near Mawkynbat village, a house of Kong Kyntiewlin Wahlang collapsed but fortunately no one was injured.
During the investigation, the suspects confirmed that the drugs were still inside the farmhouse at Lumkeni, Umran.
The Minister informed in a letter to the Union Minister that the State Government has received many complaints from the students of Meghalaya regarding the posting of the CUET examination outside Meghalaya. Ranchi, Jharkhand, Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Kolkata and to the eastern states of India which has caused students and parents to worry and put pressure on the students, who have prepared themselves well to The examination will be conducted with the view that the examination centers will be located within the state.
This is urgent for the State Government as it should not wake up when the disease has entered.
The landslide started at about 4 pm when large and small stones fell on the national highway and blocked the path of passing vehicles. There was a hand cleaning in this area and the road was cleared until 12 noon.
Speaking to media, the President of the union, Bah Shaiborlang Nongrum, said that in fact, the central government has set rules that this road should be improved and maintained by 2025-2 “During the inspection, we found that many of the parts have no color and this is because the contractor has not implemented the rules of the scheme,” he said.
The registered students will receive a Unique ID MYE Card to ensure that they will receive the financial assistance as promised by the TMC.
After completing the contact tracing and receiving the reports of the high risk contacts, the District Magistrate's Office has announced that Demseiniong, Assam Rifles Signal Unit, Nongpasoh, Upper Mawprem, Lower Lachaumiere and the road from Stephen Hall to Gold Gym have been cleared from the containment area.
The GNC and AAP have six candidates each, the Republican Party two, the LJP and one each and 84 independent candidates.
“The Shiv Shakti Point of the moon will be a symbol of this Indian way of thinking based on science and reading,” he added.
Now all these can be used with new technologies to be combined in the form of smartphones.
The monument has two towers shaped like pyramids with 6 sides. The area of ​​the first and largest tower is 61 square meters while the second tower is only 19 square meters.
Hek said the search for the contacts of the person from Assam who tested positive yesterday while working at SBI Khanapara Ribhoi District is ongoing with the Deputy Commissioner. Ribhoi District Police Station has issued a notice to trace those who have been in contact with this person.
it is better for you not to look at the dodarshan.
An FIR has been lodged against Hubert R Sangma, the owner of the coal mine and police have arrested him and the investigation is ongoing.
Noting that illegal coal mining has continued since the former Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA) government, Conrad said that many cases have been registered against people involved in illegal coal mining in the state. former government.
He said that the allocation for Tura is T.338.152 crore and for Jowai T.79.8 crore.
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA of the constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, urged his supporters to support the RDA candidate as they won the MLA elections. On the other hand, Robertjune Kharjahrin said that once he wins, he has many goals to work with MLAs like himself. Bah Kyrmen Shylla for the development of the region with the support of the President of the Party, MLAs and MDCs under the banner of the RDA. and the Parliament can grant the right to freedom of worship and can take it back if it wishes, can grant the Sixth Schedule to protect the land and can take away “If we are wrong, let us be sorry for the nation,” he said.
“Before the lockdown, the government had taken 22% of the tax but after the lockdown, the government has increased it to 31%. The government of the Lun Daitmaw, knows what these ministers have passed in the Secretariat, who don't know the laws and regulations or it may be that in the transport department there are no experts to think about this.
The Principal would also like to thank the Principals of the colleges who have accepted the invitation to participate in the Seng Khasi College Girls Basketball Tournament. them, perhaps the organization of this competition will not be successful.
In the second half, they couldn't score a goal although Malki showed a lot of strength to Rangdajied in this fierce match.
“My choice for the BJP is to ensure that the people of the state will benefit from the schemes that the MDA government will introduce,” he said.
Also present on the occasion were Phrangki Papang Finance Secretary, Soowatki Law Assistant Environment Secretary, Platini Mukhim Sport Secretary and Leningrad Tariang General Secretary among others.
“Today, the 30th November, 2021, which is the last day of our report to the Government, the Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Ambrose Ch.
Police also seized three mobile phones, a Maruti Gypsy and a Maruti 800 local taxi used by the group.
Furthermore, according to the police, they have seized one firearm and a knife, why don't they display these weapons publicly? According to the relatives, Bah Che is suffering from rheumatism, rheumatism and rheumatism. How else can he try to escape? Where shall I flee when they say that he is sleeping in the upper chamber? If Bah Chereshterfield Thangkhiew is really involved in any crime as alleged, why don't you make it public? that all the people may know? Furthermore, why not arrest him or investigate him properly to find out all the facts? He deserves a fair trial in the Court of Law and that he will be able to prove himself.
This is the third protest since the government extended the employment deadline until 29th July.
I personally feel that the State Government should follow up with the Government of India, because the Government of India has not said that it will not exempt the State from the MMDR Act but it has asked for clarification on a few points. so that she can move forward with this work.
Shillong: A woman named Slinsibon Sawian, 60, resident of Lawmali, Shillong has passed away on 19th March
In fact, the 1st week should begin with the whole 70 weeks, according to Daniel 9:2
West Garo Hills has 60 cases, West Khasi Hills has 19 cases and these include 11 cases in Tiehsaw Nongstoin.
When the field has been plowed or puh, and when all the weeds have been removed, and when the fields have been well cultivated, the fields are irrigated until the water is about three feet. saw inches.
On 28th November 2005, the Supreme Court allowed the use of loudspeakers only in the evening and only 15 days during the festivals per year.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today issued a notice to the District Council, Village Authorities, Hima, Raid, Elaka and Lyngdohs. Not all factories and industrial estates in the state.
In the first half, Marbisu CC won the toss and elected to bat first.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Club, Chairman of the NGT, Bah Sony Khyriem, said that for 15 months now, the NGT has been asking the government for a plan to mine coal in the state, but nothing has been done. There is a discussion, the government has been asking for time from the NGT, which has led the NGT to propose how much time they want but in the end it has proposed to give four months which will end in risaw this year.
The forest also has special species of Hulu or Hoolock Gibbons, lizards, skei, elephants and other endangered animals.
He said that the residents of the state want to get an explanation from the Prime Minister or the Minister of Education.
The Minister was accompanied by Sanjay Goyal, IAS, Secretary Power and Dr Joram Beda, Director, MNREDA.
“I just request the VPP leader to come to the negotiating table to discuss this issue and to inform us what they want us to do,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. She is also the spokesperson of the MDA government.
Not feeling hungry or wanting to eat.
Besides, the government has also tried to improve the sports facilities to develop the talented youth of Meghalaya not only in boxing but in various sports.
He said that as a leader who is at the same time an MLA and MDC, he has spoken in the Legislative Assembly on this issue to show that Meghalaya will celebrate the 2013 FIFA World Cup. anniversary of its 50th anniversary but it still doesn't have the full map either.
He will have to leave before the expiry of the deadline and if he violates this, he will be punished according to the strict rules of law,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
“The problems faced by the people living on the border are especially severe in the villages under the Nonglang Syiemship where the hima has been annexed by Assam for more than three kilometers from Amagaon to the adjacent areas. Silky.
“All these things as I said we need to look after them.
It is clear that the father of Bah Stanley DD Nichols Roy was a Khasi and his mother was not a Khasi but an American mother.
RUDS strongly opposes the public hearing on the following issues: On this basis, RUDS, according to a statement sent by Haranki Syrti, President RUDS, has already sent a letter of opposition to the proposal of the dewbilat factory. They appealed to the MSPCB, Shillong and requested to cancel the Public Hearing.
“We have decided to contest without any alliance and there will be no seat sharing,” he added.
But they ate the fruit and did the opposite of what God had commanded.
He said that the Khasi leaves are the best among the medicines.
He said that the KSU has been established since 1978 in the state for the sake of the jaid bynriew. but to protect the rights of the Khasi-Jaintia people.
Sixteen people have been injured in shootings in different parts of Shillong and elsewhere.
The Chief of Army Staff, Air Chief Marshal VR Chaudhari, has been directed to visit the scene immediately.
And one of the most dangerous things for a traveler is if there is an accident in the car he is traveling in, or if there is a storm at sea on the ship he is on or if the bad guys come in the middle of the road. It is not an easy path to walk. He has to make decisions to reach his destination.
“Because the issue is complex and many details require time to complete and we have decided to request the government to give us another two months to complete this task,” he said. Bah Lapang told reporters after the meeting.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr Tyngshain Wahlang, said that since yesterday, all human activities have been suspended.
In terms of sports, they held an interdong football match as part of the commemoration of the Khasi culture along with some traditional dances.
The Maitlynti Rural Development Society (MRDS) has conducted a two day training on rice farming in East Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that the appointment of ministers is his responsibility as the prime minister and he does not want to say what he intends.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Police and sent a complaint to the Election Commission of Meghalaya (EC) regarding the exploitation of people to spread on social media. The BJP candidate from North Shillong Constituency, Bah M.Kharkrang, has withdrawn from the constituency for the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on Tuesday.
The inspection was led by President Donbok Mukhim in the presence of Deiniwan Lyngdoh, General Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem, Lapangap Unit President Augustan Timung and Jowai Unit President Ewanmi Phawa.
The meeting will discuss the demand of the political parties for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and other issues of the party.
“The court, in order to interfere in the work of the government, must be independent from all sides,” he said.
Brazil has reported 421 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths in the country to 6,7
The Court pointed out that on 1st July 2004, Parliament had passed a law that the number of Ministers in the States should not exceed 15 percent of the number of members. At that time, there were 36 Ministers out of 126 members and thus it was necessary to increase the number of Ministers to 19 according to the Act, but on 3rd November 2004, the Assam Parliamentary Secretaries Act ( and filed a petition in the Guwahati High Court on 13th June 2005 against the Act. In 2006, the Gauhati High Court refused to challenge the This is the case, because the same case is pending in the Supreme Court.
Besides, they said that they have been used during programs like Athletic Meet, Subroto Mukher-jee Cup and others, while they have had to leave behind their own training programs for the children.
Two members of FKJGP, Bin Raliang, Member of Agriculture Cell, FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone and Arwotki Myria, Assistant Information Secretary, FKJGP Thadlaskein Block.
“Replying to a question, these leaders said that the Minister has replied that he will meet with the MLA of Jirang Constituency on this issue.
It is to be recalled that the KSU EJHDU in the past few months has submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong to bring a Traffic Branch in the district. However, unfortunately, the government has not done anything on this demand of the union.
The union said that this statement of the CS is a threatening statement which has thrown shame on the entire state and a humiliating statement to the indigenous people.
It is to be recalled that at the 4th Meghalaya Games, the Minister urged the MSOA to hold the Meghalaya Games every year and as far as possible to hold them in different districts of the state as part of the promotion of He announced that the fourth Meghalaya Games will be held in Tura, West Garo Hills District and will be followed by Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Besides, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the land vendors living outside the jurisdiction of Shillong Municipal have been handed over to the Deputy Commissioners of each district to collect a census of the land vendors. to allow them to start their careers.
“By not being able to agree or disagree does not mean that there is no dialogue,” he said.
“In the last two elections we have seen that it has not been so bad but now it is very different and we are ready to work in such a way that the people understand what is happening in the country. whole.
So much so that in Israel they accepted and did not want to hear Jesus Christ, because of the Gospel, they were enemies.
The emergence of many national parties in the state may be a blessing or a curse for the national parties. This will be known after the 2023 elections. This will be a great blessing to the national parties.
Lastborn Mawphniang scored six goals as a defender.
The purpose of this project is to promote environmentally sustainable tourism by building resorts and other facilities that will help improve the livelihood of the people as well as to promote the industry. visit it.
Rev. Robert Jones, Sir Dr. E Williams and others who expressed their deep sorrow for this great man who became known as “Lurshai” were also present.
Therefore, if we want development, we must start from ourselves and these things will come easily.
He said that all the parties have come together to work together and ensure that we get a Government that serves the people and is responsible.
Besides, has the death toll increased in the country as a whole? Today we read the news “Corona patient freed from fire, because she has Corona”.
These things are right to do but not useful. Don't let your rights be robbed by making idols of things that don't have a soul in your life, but take them. and thou shalt hold thy scepter in thy hand, as a king that shall rule over them.
Goyal said the power outage has been gradually reduced taking into account the rise in the water level in the Umïam Dam and the availability of water for the coming monsoon. to come.
On the morning of 22nd November, 2022, six people, five Nongmukroh men and a Home Guard of Assam who was on duty with the Foresters, died shortly afterwards in Mukroh, about 60 people. km from Jowai.
This certificate is to certify that the products of these groups are organic.
“Like the JJM scheme which the residents of Mawlai should not get but the government will provide it, the Mawiong water supply and other issues like Mawlai village have,” he said.
The first case was reported on 18th March when a child was admitted to Tura Civil Hospital with headache and fever.
It is to be recalled that the Congress in the Opposition recently demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government should suspend the decision to increase the Value Added Tax (VAT) on petrol and diesel.
At the end of the programme, the District Icon “Chi-Iung” performed a game on Ethical Voting.
Before taking this decision, the teachers today held an emergency meeting to take a decision on the refusal of the NEHU Executive Committee to promote them as approved by the review meeting and the UGC. NEHU said that the change in the date of promotion of teachers has caused a loss of many years in the service of teachers , but at the last meeting of the EC on 17th July 2014, has rejected the approval of the Review Meeting as well as the approval received from the UGC to fix the date of promotion.
He started his career in 1989 when he was in class X. His first song was 'Er Pyngngad ki Aw'
Nongpoh: A fire broke out in a house in Pamphlang village, Mawhati area of ​​Ri Bhoi district, where the house of Juliana Khymdiet, has suddenly caught fire. In the fire, all the belongings inside the house were completely destroyed and caused a huge loss.
Who wants.
In a statement, the NRFM also warned that it will issue strong warnings against other drug traffickers, kidnappers and drug dealers involved in illegal activities.
Kharshanlor also criticized the Deputy Commissioners especially the DC of West Jaintia Hills for rushing to repair the signboard without properly considering the benefits and disadvantages of the residents. at the border.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District on Monday issued a containment order issued at Syngrangbangbluh village in Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
“This is not a Parliament where there is no NDA here and even the parties that are not synrop have not been consulted before accepting us into the MDA government, this shows that the NPP has the power. that she can take a good decision in the future," she added.
He said it was not good to politicize the issue.
Therefore, an Advisory Committee was formed comprising of RT Rymbai, Rev. Dr. Sngi Lyngdoh, Kynpham Singh, GS Massar, RD Rymmai, EW Dkhar, Sweety Rynjah, Rayland Lyngdoh, L. Marbaniang, Helen Giri, WR Laitphlang, MG Lyngdoh and others.
“The duty of the BSF is to patrol the areas near the India-Bangladesh border.
In another incident, as reported by reporters, unidentified robbers allegedly snatched ammunition from the security forces deployed at the residence of the former Director of the K. Rajo, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday at Sagolband, Imphal West District.
The classrooms are crowded and those who are allocated for 20 students have to accommodate 60 students,” he said.
It is learned that these men also threatened the owner of the house and this frightened the owner of the house and also those who came to live in the house.
Plan : means pyrshot, plan- pyrshot is to think in advance for the work to be done later; saiñ is not a phrase; work is the act of making as intended to sule in oneself personally, socially and humanity.
Prestone confirmed that this has already been resolved between the two parties.
Metbah from the UDP will replace the late Dr Donkupar Roy as the Lamphang.
Sewi Rymbai of Jaraiñ SC was also awarded the Man of the Match award. Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang celebrated World AIDS Day in Khliehriat on Friday.
He said the government has listened silently to their demands including 12 demands which have been put forward for nearly four years.
Speaking at the meeting with the students, the Secretary of the Education Cell of the HYC, Samla Enlang Sawian, said, “We will give only 10 months to the Government to pay the scholarship. the Secretariat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : Twenty senior leaders of the HSPDP in Umsning constituency have left the party and joined the NPP. SK Nongsiej, Finance Secretary of the HSPDP Umsning, said that the party leaders have not respected them and have joined hands with the UDP without informing or consulting them.
This is an increase of 24 per cent from June to July
Edystone said these families have been severely affected after they have lost the opportunity to go to work and work due to the lockdown across the country to fight against COVID-1
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Civil Sub-Division-Pynursla. Block.
He said that the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell has promised to send a letter to the CEM of KAAC immediately, and at the same time the Forest Department of the District Council will also visit and fight against this. “This action of KAAC shows that Assam does not respect the Meghalaya government and shows the violence against the people living in the border areas,” he said.
The meeting confirmed the office bearers of the 1st Nartiang National People's Party (NPP) Constituency Committee.
It is a department that creates employment opportunities especially for women.
Shillong, July 27: The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government, on the eve of the Republic Day celebrations, has released the names of the leaders of the country who will receive the Republic Day. Padma Award this year.
Vennala K.-Shreyanshi Valishetty, who will represent the country in the Badminton Asia Junior Championships 2022, will also represent the country in the women's category along with Vaishnavi Khadkekar-Sania Sikandar.
On the other hand, the NPP candidate, Bah Allan, while answering a question on the district issue in Sohra, said that the people of Mairang when the district was announced by the Prime Minister at the Secretariat, they did not ask for a letter but they danced. the kmen.
We urge the Government to appoint qualified teachers so that it will benefit the children," he said.
“As an MLA who is proud to be a Catholic and who has participated strongly in this religion, I am very sorry that others criticize the faith and religion of others and I condemn this person if he is a resident. “It's a good idea to come forward with the courage to reveal all the facts to the media,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
The lust that Adam and Eve gave in to when they were tempted by Satan brought forth sin and death because it was here that man's relationship with God was broken.
“We understand that it is not easy to prevent the deterioration of roads as Meghalaya receives the highest rainfall per year.
Ricky said that from talking to each other in Bangla he understood that they were wrong to kidnap, they wanted to kidnap other people but they didn't kidnap him. “I understand that they kidnapped him. “If you want to escape, you have a good chance to escape,” said Ricky. “But I thought where else can I escape?” “I don't know where to run, I don't know where to go, I'm determined to stay with them there as it happens,” he said.
While we are waiting and preparing to get that job, we cannot help but look for other ways to earn a living especially when the parents who have just gone to work are old and can no longer earn. It is our responsibility to carry the burden of the household.
Khimusniang scored the first goal in the first half through Eddie Bamon in the 45+1 minute before the end of the first half.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : Odisha took the lead by 300 runs in the first innings against Meghalaya in the second match of the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy.
“He said that there were six bags in which he had packed clothes, blankets and daily necessities and also the necessary items for the scooter.
Shillong: Five foreign youths, today, were attacked by about 20 unidentified youths in Lawsohtun, at 12:30 pm while they were playing basketball.
THS Bonney is a retired Indian Forest Service (IFS) officer who graduated in 1985. He resigned in 2005 and contested the elections to the Indian Forest Service (IFS). year 2008.
Remember what they did.
In this book it is written that there was no Kur Nangbah and that the woh Kiang was Kiang Susngi, not Kiang Nangbah.
He said that Meghalaya has increased from 27th to second place in terms of vaccination. Through the Jal Jeevan Mission, more than 2.5 lakh households have been helped to provide water to 4000 households per year. 2018.
The vehicle fell immediately after leaving the village, when it fell to a depth of about 100 feet.
The State Education Mission Authority of Meghalaya, together with Red FM, have conducted such Road Show Awareness Campaigns to raise awareness among the public on various schemes for the welfare of children and young people. youth in the districts and at the same time it is a collaboration and partnership for the improvement of education and the reduction of part-time dropouts of children.
This year, SRK and Rajamouli have become the most famous Indians in the list and this is through their work which has received praise from many fans.
The salary is shiphew times the salary of a day laborer who arrives at work at 8 pm and leaves at sunset.
The Minister of Mawpud Village, Bah MacDonald Thongni, today said that the village has lost its drinking water supply due to the earthquake which occurred on July 16, 2022 at Lad Domalein, about 5 kilometers away. Bah Thongni said that the supply of drinking water to Mawpud village has been affected because the water well is located at Photsohbar and all the water pipes that have been installed in the well which connect to the water pipes have been affected. The water supply to the village was damaged by an earthquake on 16th July.
In Jowai, it will be held on the 13th at Infinity Restaurant, Ladthadlaboh and in Shillong on the 14th at Assembly Hotel, Police Bazar.
As soon as the taxis arrived, the drivers stopped immediately to ask whether they were going to 7mer, but sadly, there was no taxi, not a single taxi that obeyed and there were many of them. These were those who were mistakenly seated and had to leave, because the drivers did not want to come to the Upper Shillong area.
“Now that the session has come again, we will introduce a bill to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021,” he said.
“So as a person, who wants to work hard for the benefit of the people and youth in the Constituency and District as a whole, I have decided to leave the Party and we will join the Party. Not to join any party, so that we can work independently and develop the District as a whole.
“Now the sojourning of the children of Israel, who dwelt in Egypt, was four hundred and thirty years.
He said that through the school children who have been trained on the dangers of drugs, the goal is to eradicate drugs.
Shillong, July 16: The CDPO Umsning has alleged that the CDPO Umsning has removed from the Chief Minister's Special Assistance Scheme 2012 a person who does not have a membership scheme just because he is 60 years old. although I don't have a disability certificate.
“The pilot understood what to do in case of a malfunction or loss of control of the aircraft so he turned around to escape, realizing that all the things he tried are no longer work," said a statement sent by the military.
Regarding the vehicle passes, the KSU has demanded that the government has made a new arrangement for the farmers, but many are still confused because the government authorities are also confused about this. many days of the pass not just one day.
The decision of the Dorbar Shnong Shnong will start from 4 pm tomorrow while the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has not opened its revenue collection gate.
According to him, it will be useless for the people to vote for the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) as they will end up in Byrnihat and will not reach anywhere.
“If the investigation finds that he has committed this crime, let the law punish him as the law deems fit and if it finds that it is just a conspiracy to slander him, let the law punish him. “Please punish those who have hands,” said Bah Shibun.
Nongpoh, June 12: A poor family in Umsarang village, has received a new house, after members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Umling Circle today handed over the house. a house which they built for a woman, who has five children and who lived in poverty, because they do not have a suitable house to live in the middle of the night.
“The Central Government wants to introduce all its laws in the state because the state has a lot of wealth and the presence of Dorbar Shnongs is a threat to them and they want to violate our rights as “There has been a ban on coal mining in which the NGT has challenged the implementation of the laws of the Forest Department,” he said.
He was involved in the theft of T.4 lakh from the account of a wealthy man, Bah Balen Thubru on the 16th.
The Waheh Shnong of Tuber Shohshrieh, Ma Khroo Ksoo and the Secretary Shnong, Ma Kunebha Muruh, expressed their delight that the MDC has fulfilled the wish of the village to serve the community through this vehicle.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Additional Director General, BSF (Eastern Command) Kolkata, Sonali Mishra on Tuesday visited Meghalaya to inspect the border between East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills. Hills District and also collected statistics on the increasing incidence of robbery on the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
The village leaders also reminded that the foundation stone of the road has already been laid and should have been constructed, but the delay in the construction of the road has made it difficult for the people to use it for travelling. It comes and especially during the transportation of agricultural products and also during the time of illness.
Delhi, Lber, 01: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed all political parties to hold the elections. respect and to be vigilant in public speeches and also to promote political speeches according to 'issues'
“The idea is that the government should implement exactly the ban on coal in the state,” he said.
, that the Arts & Culture Deptt.
On the other hand, the Congress leaders said that they have not yet discussed anything on this issue as they are still waiting for the truth as reported.
Mrs. Wyrda Lanong, Asst. The teacher conducted the training program.
Mairang, July 30: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, today announced the release of rice under the National Food Security Act 2013 and rice under the scheme. PMGKAY, for the month of July 2022 through ration shops.
in and informed that those who have been called for the personal interview will be announced on the website of the police department in the next few days.
The JNC has demanded an explanation from the officer of the Center Khliehriat on the absence of the officer of the Center Khliehriat. to promote tourism in the district.
:The State President of the BJP (BJP) Ernest Mawrie has directed the Disciplinary Committee of the party to submit a report on those allegedly involved in the attack on the Chief Minister's office in Tura within day.
The objection is that the workers and doctors do not stay at work, but come and go from Tura and their villages.
But it's not so much, you don't understand, mother,” said the father.
pic.
The Seng also criticized the statement of the Prime Minister to the media on the 9th of this month that the Government will have to collect and count the money from other departments of the Government to pay the salaries of the teachers. school if approved salary increase.
Seven policemen of KHADC who were injured in the incident include Superintendent Polan Sohphoh and five Langrut Policemen including Teilang Thangkhiew, B.Kharkongor, P.Kharlukhi, M.S. .Thongni, and Mr. M. Lyngkhoi.
Meanwhile, the Minister of DoNER, Dr. Singh, who is unprecedented to have such a leader, who has brought the image of the North East to the national level.
“This is one of the problems faced by the people who go for treatment and medicine at PHC Mawryngkneng and there are no ambulances to transport the sick to Shillong,” said Bah Peter J Lawai. Mawryngkneng Village Headman (cum Chairman) Union of 6 Village Headmen.
Mairang: As part of the commemoration of the 186th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, the Hima Nongkhlaw has held two programs in Mairang and Nongkhlaw yesterday.
The statement said that MUDA has also started collecting taxes from the people who build houses and this has created problems for the people, because the people who build houses will not get electricity unless they go to show the documents. “This is a scheme of the Government to collect Revenue Taxes from us the residents of Mawlai Village which falls under the Schedule Area.
On this occasion, the VPP from 33 Rambrai Jyrngam constituency has registered more than 500 members of the VPP after the meeting.
Bill,You don't see that you're doing that.
“Before the 15th of July, he will open the zoo before the Independence Day celebrations so that the public can visit the zoo,” he added.
You are still a child, go to school first".
According to police sources, a group of GNLA led by Hadeo Ch Momin carried out the attack on Kherapara road near Tura.
The owner lives in the village while the cleaner lives in Shillong and sells wai dong in Motphran.
" This means that the role of the Government is to govern the country and not to be the employer of commerce.
And in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India it is not mentioned that the paramount power has been delegated to the Governor of Assam or to the District Council.
Sylvester Siangshai is a police officer of the 3rd MLP BN.
On the other hand, Kong Blah ADC (Election) also explained in detail regarding any complaints or correction of errors from 27th March to 9th November
From the start, the team from Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah Sumarlang Swer (coach) was able to play without allowing the opponent.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the 211 new cases are from East Khasi Hills, 163 from East Khasi Hills, 18 from West Garo Hills, 14 from West Jaintia Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi and 4 from Ri Bhoi. 3, North Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1 and South West Garo Hills
“Therefore, a UCC cannot be forcibly implemented in addition to these riches which have been accepted and followed since ancient times across the country,” said the Secretary.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The BSF Inter Frontier Games of Judo, Wushu, Gymnastics and Taekwondo will be held on Thursday, Nailar 25, 2023 at NEHU. Shillong.
The 7th T20 Tennis Ball Knockout Cricket Tournament 2023 will be held at the Nongthymmai Playground in Umsning.
Farmers from all over Amlarem Block attended the fair.
Farmers from all over Amlarem Block attended the fair.
They speak coldly, but they don't see what the people are saying.
It is prohibited to open cinemas, parks, parks, bars, auditoriums and meeting halls.
Speeches were delivered by many MDCs including the CEM, Dy.CEM, EM of Iew, EM of Elaka, EM of Labour, MDC of Mawkynrew, Pa'iem Lathomanik. The King of the Kingdom of Mylliem.
Therefore, the union will take action by going to the authorities and demanding that they should immediately stop the ownership of the land by Aisail N. Sangma. , he added.
Because in the past, it has also had a relationship with the ethnic parties and the ruling government in India.
If it were not through them, education would not have been successful.
Shillong, July 23: Many foreign workers have left Tura area after two foreign workers were killed and another seriously injured after being tied and bombed. paidbhur on charges of attempting to rape a child with disabilities.
This incident has also caused a traffic jam until only one side of the road leading to Guwahati has caused a traffic jam due to the overturning of the cement truck.
This means that they will receive Rs 7,000 per month while their assistants will receive Rs 4,000 per month.
Mawkyrwat, November 01: The semi final of the Subroto Mukharjee Cup Football Tournament 2022 will be played on 5th November, 2022 at MDSA, Artificial Turf. Four teams will compete in the final of the tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Ribhakupar Shadap from Meghalaya has won the National Song Competition organized by All India Radio, Shillong for the North East. .1 lakh tyngka, while the second place went to Manchai Phom from Nagaland with a cash prize of T.50,0
“I am surprised that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has received this guideline, if there is such a guideline, the Union requests the Minister to send the ASHA Guideline immediately. to the Union to let us know that our ASHAs should work for only two years,” said Kong Mira June.
The BJP's aim is to overthrow the Congress rule in the state which has been plagued by corruption and injustice in many areas from various development projects.
At 5 pm on 27th June, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) FR Kharkongor informed that the turnout has reached 75% although there are still some constituencies. who continued to vote until 10 pm.
He said that the ban on cow meat is due to the stir at the cow market in Khanapara where the KHADC together with the Hima Mylliem have not allowed to check up the cows. which are there before being sold to customers.
Nigel Jenkins in his book 'Gwalia in Khasia', relates an incident as follows: you may as well try to instruct the monkeys on that tree, as attempt to teach these people".
However, he said that despite these challenges that have destroyed relations between China and the US as seen at this time, the US President is struggling to bring closer to China by opening the door. the path of peaceful means to reconcile in many areas.
He said that in these years, even during the rainy season, the water in the rivers has increased only during the rainy season, but after a while when the rain has stopped, the rivers have decreased like during the rainy season. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, witnesses said that the two trucks were believed to have left the parking lot of Madan Lyntad to transport the stone. No one was injured in the incident but when they were standing near Sohlong village, they were set on fire. They said that the incident happened at 10 pm. per night.
After about 3 or 4 minutes of searching, Thranglut-o-ki found the child and immediately pulled her out of the water.
However, such cows have now been found in some parts of the world and have now been brought to Israel.
The GDP, released by the National Statistical Office (NSO), showed that Income growth declined by 7.3 per cent in 20/21, the highest decline in India's 40 years.
However, the introduction of RTI has brought about a change since
Shubham Rasaily scored 29 runs.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said that Meghalaya is dependent on rainfall to produce electricity but the lack of rainfall has affected the electricity supply department which is already in existence. the problem of providing electricity to the people of the state.
The college was founded in 1947 by Padmadhar Chaliha and his son Paragdhar Chaliha was involved in its development.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today was 180mm while today it was 20.4mm.
Expressing his support for the 48 hours given to the government, Tengsak said, “We will continue to work together and we are ready to hold strong protests in Lum Garo”.
In West Garo Hills, 23 cases have been confirmed, including 3 civilians.
Speaking to media, the Minister said the government will ensure the rule of law in the state and will not allow anyone to take the law into their own hands.
“We feel it might be by design but we’re not sure.
“The households have not received water which has turned into a source of water instead of the scheme.
Dr Mukul said that until the approval of the people, the government will not allow UCIL to carry out any uranium mining in the area.
The Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition visited these areas.
The JSM Central Body on the evening of the 15th of this month held a memorial service at the statue of Kiang Nangbah, DC Office Khliehriat.
Both of these courts denied their request.
Those who cannot receive this financial assistance from the government are those who work hand in hand during this time when the government has ordered to stay indoors.
“The government should accept the suggestion of Congress MLA Saleng Sangma who has suggested to allocate 80% to the indigenous communities of the state, Khasi and Garo. able to pass the vocational examinations will receive this share," he said.
The meeting was led by Rimpu Marak from the ANVC (B) and Artist Sangma from the ANVC. Shillong, July 23: The Aam Admi Party (AAP) has joined the ANVC. Meghalaya to preach and fight against corruption in the country.
The government has released the order today.
Therefore, to protect drinking water and to preserve drinking water sources, we all need to understand, know and know how to use natural resources.
Ranbir Kapoor has had a close relationship with Alia Bhatt after working with her. Alia, in the movie Brahmastra.
“It was during the time of Covid-19 that I had time to implement the project because at that time, there was no way to go anywhere and I had to stay indoors,” said Bah Markynsai.
The tea tree has many diseases and pests that plague it.
She started taking part in running competitions in 2018 and started running a marathon for the first time in Mawsynram.
The Governor said the incident occurred after the KSU held a rally against the CAA and to demand ILP. “It's a magisterial inquiry,” he said.
In addition, the statement said, “To put it bluntly; The damage to the Dwar Ksuid Bridge or the damage at ISBT Mawiong or the damage to parts of the road adjacent to the Mawlai Bye Pass Bridge (which does not even have a water supply) and now the collapse of the Dome at the Dorbar Hall The construction sites are clear signs that not only the contractors are not skilled enough to carry out the work but even the engineers don't take care of their duties or turn away when they see the shortcomings. and only their conscience will judge them by their stinginess.
Before plunging into the water, he said "If I can save myself, it will be magic, if I can't, it will be death".
When asked about the setting up of the oil depot, he said that discussions are underway especially on the land.
During the programme, the Joint Secretary also laid the foundation stone of the BNRGSK Building of Mawklot VEC and declared Sadew as an Open Defecation Free Village.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Home (Police) Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Friday called a meeting to discuss the incidents of house fires in the State.
The MMDC will receive a lot of revenue after the implementation of the Mining Policy,” he said.
However, the green pass shows that only those drugs that can be accepted are those approved by European countries and so far, there are four types and these have been recognized by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). and these are Comirnaty (Pfizer/BioNTech), Moderna, Vaxzervria (AstraZeneca), Janssen (Johnson & Johnson).
Shillong: There have been 88 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, while 50 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and 49 cases in civilians.
“Bah Brian and his team have collected information about the life in these caves that is not seen in other parts of the world.
It is to be recalled that the village leaders and the Union of Waheh Chnongs in Jowai have been demanding the demolition of this bridge since last year.
This is after the MDCs of Ribhoi District discussed in the KHADC House on the benefits of setting up a gate at Umling Ribhoi District.
Shillong, July: The Superintendent of Police, EKHD, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on 28th June 2022, police have recovered the body of an unidentified man aged 26 years. 80-year-old sleeping behind the Durga Puja Temple, Shillong.
He said that as a nation we should unite to respect each other and when we unite paradoh parasnam other nations are afraid and what he wanted was to join in one shatri in fighting for any issues that are important for the country. Therefore, I believe that many things can be changed for the better through mutual cooperation.
He said that the suffering of the people from the increase in the price of commodities is unspeakable.
They are conducting an investigation into the incident.
The players who will lead the tournament are Adavan Chelllam Kumar San, Jins Kalayl Joby, Ankush, Kailash Bishnoi, Aryan Sharma, Lavish (captain), Mitthul Vel Dhanasekar, Lokesh Kumar Sharma, Jagmeet Singh, Tajinderbir Singh, Harjeet Singh and Mohit Jogchand.
The court also said that it seems that there are many people who have taken advantage of this illegal activities because the illegally mined coal has been stored in many places by the order of the SC. The Government has also taken action to allow the coal mined until 2016 to be marketed.
Shillong: Leaders of the United Democratic People's Party (UDP) under the leadership of General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh today held a meeting with the village leaders. He visited the site where the PWD offices are located at Barik.
Speaking to reporters, Mono Areng said that the Vice Secretary of the village, Robinson Areng and his team, this time came to threaten him and asked him to give them the 1 crore tyngka and then they will take the life of him or all his family members.
He said that under this Act, those convicted will be sentenced to imprisonment for up to two years.
At the same time, he said that it is true that in these days two groups have emerged in the party, the central body has done what is right so that there will be no more divisions. office bearers and new members.
“Therefore, through this news, we demand that the Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA) should be suspended as it appears that Dipak Mallick has done something wrong. whatever he wants," they demanded.
Odisha received the Sportstar Aces Award at the Taj Mahal Palace in Mumbai on Monday.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The Behdeinkhlam, organized by the Sein Raij Jowai, today started with the bringing of the Symbud Khnong Blai from Turiem River, from the place where she was found and buried. you are in Lum, Jowai.
A complaint has been lodged with Nongalbibra PS and Laitumkhrah Police Station.
The MPCA has offered to assist those who wish to withdraw from Aadhar, from 30th March to 3rd November 2017 in Shillong and Nongstoin.
According to a book written on Modi's life, at the age of seven, he used to help sell tea with his father at the railway stations at Vadnagar station in Gujarat.
The JSU War Jaintia Circle on 18th Nov 2020 has sent a letter to the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. The PWD Sub-Divisional Office is located in Amlarem.
Besides, according to the information of this reporter, it was found that those residents who have received assistance from the government to build fish ponds, benefit only when there are people who come to take them away. There are also some farm owners, who benefit by allowing people to come to khwai and charge at the price of 100 to 200 tyngka per day per rawon. .
In the follow-up, the union received information from Coming One Ymbon that the site for the construction of the house in Bangalore has been identified and selected and the site needs to be approved by the Prime Minister.
There will also be a discussion on the welfare of truck drivers and other issues to be discussed.
“With the presence of this Bottling Unit in Mendipathar, we can drink these juices which are produced in our state,” he said. to supply umsoh and other products produced by the indigenous people such as sohtrun among others.
It depends on the way of life that the mother and father instill in the minds of their children.
On the other hand, Bah B.Langrin, former president of FKJGP Mawshynrut Pyllun, said that the FKJGP should not stop at fighting with the government.
According to a source, the three youths of Langpih village were shot dead by some Assam policemen.
The speaking of Hindi has not impressed the people of this state because many do not understand, and many places do not teach Hindi.
When Jesus said this, he also referred to the kingdom of Israel, and that fig tree is Israel.
What impressed the speakers was on the dignity of manners, because as it is now for children and young people, there are no more teachers on dignity and manners. many young people who do not know how to maintain their dignity, manners and values ​​not only for themselves, but for their families and the nation as a whole.
A wallet containing EPIC, PANCARD and license was recovered from Widenstar Kharsati son of Wislinson Kharkongor on 6/3/2
The funeral service will be held on the evening of 18.10.2023 at the Seng Khasi Cemetery, Jaiaw.
It has been 7 years now but these districts are not enough and also the sub-divisions have not been able to do anything except for the work but many have to go to the districts.
Shitlang Pale of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and MLA of Sutnga-Saipung came third with 10453 votes, while Bah Pala came second with 10453 votes. which is 15146.
According to the Chief Minister, Dr Sangma said the state government has issued a directive to acquire land for the construction of check gates and entry points in the state.
He said T.30 lakh has been allocated to the Deputy Commissioner's office of Shillong and Tura while T.17 lakh has been allocated for 10 districts.
On the other hand, James said the government has provided security for the MDC elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
Seventeen policemen were found killed by Maoists in Bijapur, Chhattisgarh today, bringing the death toll to
To further develop and strengthen the Club, Rangdajied has announced that it has signed an agreement with Meghalaya Tourism as the Sponsor of the Club.
Dorothy, happy with the victory, said that she has a desire to work for the welfare and development of the people of Meghalaya.
The Branch Manager of MCAB, Nongmensong Branch, Shillong in his speech urged the Self Help Groups and job seekers to come to the banks for assistance and how to set up their own businesses. that work lajong.
Eight MLAs accompanied the Prime Minister and these included Prestone Tynsong (Government Minister) who is also the MLA of Pynursla, HDR Lyngdoh (Minister of Home Affairs). Sniawbhalang Dhaw (Minister of C&RD Block), Comingone Ymbon MLA, Kennedy Khyriem MLA Mawphlang, Hopeful Bamon MLA, Titos W Chyne MLA Sohra, Bluebell Sangma MLA of Chokpot.
The meeting was conducted by Telespar Shangpliang, Asst. Teacher of the school.
The Trinamool Congress has suspended Bijpur MLA Subhrangshu Roy for seven years for anti-party activities. Sunil Singh, MLA of the TMC, left for Delhi today.
However, one question that arises in many cases is why our young men who have passed Business Management or other courses are not willing to leave their villages and go to work in other states.
Sports Odisha beat Mumbai Knights FC 4-2 in the first leg of the tournament.
Imat, it is also a government that doesn't have a guide or guide (govt.
The tools to be prepared are as follows: If you want to clean Men Siang Pa, you must put a plate.
The allocation for these colleges will be Rs 1.5 crore per month and Rs 17.94 crore per year.
However, she said that after six months or two months, the tender will be held for the safety of the workers.
The two Ministers of the Hima Mylliem were angry to find that the Minister of Umlong had used his own signature to give permission to the market dwellers to build basa and not the seal of the Hima Mylliem.
:The Government of Meghalaya is now preparing to launch its own OTT platform known as “Hello Meghalaya” in order to create employment opportunities for the talented people of the state. which will also enable the residents of this state to manage this sector.
He said that another wish of the people that the BJP should give ticket to Dr. Fenela is because she has a good education and has received the degree of Doctor of Laws. and on its exploration of the minority status of Christians.
I hope that this is one of the areas where I will try to work hard for the people.
The number of doctors in the state is very low.
They are both from Nonglang village in South West Khasi Hills district.
On roads, he said that more than 379 km of national highways have been constructed in Meghalaya while 170 km of national highways worth T.2,700 crore have already been approved under the Bharatmala Pariyojana.
With only four months left, the election of the Syiem to the Legislative Assembly of the State is approaching.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has reached the semi final. The tournament will be held on the 20th and 21st of this month at the Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
She said that from time to time she has expressed in the media that she wants peace, but the police have opposed her wish for peace and set fire to her. If the peace talks fail, it will lead to the paths of bloodshed.
MR said that as of now there are colleges which are more than 200 km away from NEHU those students don't even bother to go to NEHU, they want to be in the college where they study, the question This is why those students have to write the CUET Exam.
This is according to a statement issued by the Union of Chief Executive Members of Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
And these rights of the people also support him to imprison the Khasi Jaintia.
“We have a struggle ahead of us and the officers have worked tirelessly to achieve the goal of ensuring that all households in the State have access to water,” he said.
Thank you so much!.
Shops inside shopping complexes except Glory Plaza, JM Towers and Jivan Complex will be open on the 15th, 1,3,5 on the 16th, 2,4,6 on the 17th, 1,3,5 on the 18th, 2,4,6 on the 19th and 1,3,5 on the 20th of July
Adding to James' remarks, Conrad Sangma, one of the leading leaders of the NPP and a former MLA, said that in Lum Garo there is no single reason that falls with these two reasons. “There is no urgent demand for the job, nor has the Governor said anything that elections cannot be held, there are no other provisions in the Constitution except these two. “It's up to the prime minister,” said Conrad.
During the opening ceremony, they also held a public meeting, which was attended by Conrad Sangma, President of the NPP and former Chief Minister of the State. Vivek Raj Wangkhem, General Secretary of the NPP, Dr. S. Kharlukhi, President of the NPP in the State, James K. Sangma, who is now the Minister of Home Affairs in the State, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, Bah HS Shylla and others.
On the third day before the bhang is brought, the priests go to the holy forest and the bhang cannot be brought out of the forest until they have finished the offering. The priests also give one klong to the river and one klong to the phang nang and through the Pyrnah, before they touch the bhang tree, they must On the fourth day of the Lyngdoh, the priests shall perform the ritual in the morning, however they shall perform it at 7-8 pm and then the people shall perform the ritual at 7-8 pm. Different villages of different Seiñ Raijs will start leaving their villages to bring their colors to the Aitnar competition at Tuber Kmaishnong. He said that this year the upper part will bring Bhang from Cham Cham and the wah part will bring bhang from Kyndong Tuber.
“As the Seng, we appeal to the people of the state to be vigilant and not to fall into the trap of exploiters who are trying to defame the Seng.
Other diseases that cause mental illness are alcohol abuse.
Looking at the history of electricity generation, Meghalaya, in earlier years it was an electricity rich state, with electricity exported to Assam and even Bangladesh.
Demikstar said that the stones in Shyllong Market are Mawniam stones and include Mawtheng and Mawthung.
For example, a school child, a soldier, a company employee and many other examples that cannot be named here that people need training.
Speaking at the VDP Rally of VDPs in West Jaintia Hills on Thursday, the DC said that peace and order will come only through the cooperation of the police and VDPs who are on duty in the village to curb any crime. and those who affect society.
The Union is deeply concerned about the kidnappings, rape and killings (especially) of children/young women and women who appear in the news from time to time.
When they reached classes IV and V they failed for two consecutive years.
Speaking to media after the opening of the meeting in the city, the Prime Minister said that this is a happy moment for all Indians and therefore he too is one of those to be proud of. this is your victory.
What is clear, according to the plaintiff, is that the construction of the stadium is extremely inadequate and inconsistent.
He said that the government has announced a reward of Rs 5,000/- for those who report any violations.
From one wheat plant may produce many branches, five or six or more, according to its own nature, or the nature of the soil, or the place where it grows.
This is something that is not appropriate as a leader of the people.
How many of them understand the meaning of corruption whether in the state or even in the country? Many times it is heard that the people from time to time talk about corruption whether in the villages, districts or even in the state or the country, but most of the talk has been just They don't understand the true meaning of corruption.
After this, a short meeting was held at Neng Gate, Pynursla where the Ambassador was the Chief Guest and the meeting was conducted by Pa'iem Laborious Manik S.Syiem who is also the Adviser and Convener of the this is the work.
During the inspection, it was found that there was no attempt to dig marpohkhyndew near the crematorium.
Waltarsius Kharbani, Marshall Marwein, resident of Mairang, Lumsohkhlur, Mawbyrshem, has been arrested. possible possession of Heroin in his residence.
Mawkyrwat, July 20: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the General Election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 27th June
He said that there are many who criticize that the BJP is a party that bans cow slaughter, but he as a BJP MLA, has already received assistance from 50 youths who slaughter cows in his constituency. .
Many women have protested against Ahmad's writing, but Ahmad has replied, “The sari affects the way women walk, especially in public places. .
Iakisalanmi Lanong scored in the 41st minute, Dashngain Dkhar in the 48th minute, Seibok Tariang in the 49th minute and Hambert Dkhar in the 56th minute.
They demand compensation whether they are poor or rich.
He said the union had to support the strike of the workers after finding and seeing that their insults especially being charged up to 40 percent of their wages is extremely severe.
The total number of cases has risen to 39, with 25 still infected, 13 recovered and one death.
Therefore, the Government through Notification No.168/2013/470 dated 5th December 2022 from the Secretary Home (Police) Department has informed that the Governor has approved the appointment of at Barato Police Outpost.
– Editor.
Many of these villages from Ukiam Market to Borjhar, which are located along the road to Chaygaon, are more attractive and long-standing in Assam than in Meghalaya.
Ibadarishisha Mukhim (Full Contact Women – 48 Kg) 4.
On the night of the 7th of this month, a vehicle was set on fire at Laitumkhrah Police Station after an alleged clash between two groups in Laitumkhrah area.
It may be recalled that the general meeting held on the 9th of this month at Nongstoin has decided to give five days to the KHADC to approve and issue the NOC for the road The meeting also decided that if the KHADC does not listen, they will march and sit in front of the KHADC after the 15th of this month.
And, the holding of the WHO Global Summit on Traditional Medicines together with the G20 Health Ministers' Meeting will strengthen the efforts to benefit from them.
He said that ASSAM is a state that is not ruled by the BJP. The BJP Meghalaya has not been able to create the world even though it has two MLAs. This is the case in front of Amit Shah and Narendra Modi.
The introduction of GST, CAA, the merger of J&K with the NDA will have a major impact on the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections.
He added, “This approach does not lead to improvement it can lead to another wrong path and can be twice as bad”.
He said the church has set a target of 1 lakh signatures and will send it back to the Governor and President of India to demand that they provide protection to people and property. which are the fundamental rights of the citizens of the country.
When the police left for Riangdo, the people took off their masks and social distancing was no longer in place.
He said that the VPP MLAs tell the people that it is the responsibility of the Government alone even though the people have elected the MLAs to look after the problems and burdens.
Benison Suchiang scored in the 19th minute and Dameshwa Byrloi in the 23rd and 59th minutes.
I am surprised that the toll gate in Ialong West Jaintia Hills District has taken advantage of us ML05, 60 for ML04, ML1
The newly launched smartphone is safe even if your hand touches oil or slightly during the Fineger print or Anti-oil Side Fingerprint and takes only 0.24sec to open. The phone is also sturdy and sturdy in shape and its design is made in a linear texture and vertical axis and this makes it more stable.
At this meeting, it was decided to seek clarification from the state government for the delay in opening the B.Ed College in Jowai and the JAC also demanded that the government should open the B.Ed College in Jowai. Ed College, the government has already built a separate building for the classes at Mynthong Jowai. The JAC has also informed that the staff to work in this college has already been appointed but the college has not been appointed. don satisfied.
Regarding the money to be given to the families of those who have died of COVID-19, Rani said he had requested RTI for a long time but he had received a report from on June 7, 2023.
Sangma said that according to the circumstances, the department has to take action, because if it is allowed without testing and if someone tests positive to participate, questions will arise why they did not. take action and they risked everything.
Don mo! to think of the changes of the world every day.
Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the government should also pay for the old age especially during this time of lockdown across India.
MeECL has promised to complete the construction of the transformer within a month.
It is to be recalled that on the 10th of this month, Bah CB Syiem, together with thousands of his followers, joined the NPP Party and announced that he will contest against U.K. Dr. DD Lapang from the Congress and Kong Rona Khymdeit from the UDP. At the meeting held yesterday at Nongpoh, the leaders of the Women Block NPP were also elected. Delis Malai as President, Richmiland Khongjoh as Acting President and Idora Thangkhiew as Vice President.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 02: The National President of the BJP Mahila on Tuesday visited the BJP office at Gladden Tower, Nongpoh. and in the state as a whole.
Last month, there was a mass protest by women in the country, to protest against the spread of violence against women in the country, since the curfew was imposed.
God doesn't want to sacrifice many times.
Those church leaders don't seem to say these things that should be said especially for young women.
Not only that, Bah Nongsiej also promised that on his part as an MDC, he will help the school without any hesitation through his MDC scheme. that my duty as a leader is to provide assistance to the people in need.
It is not known whether any of the residents of the house were killed or injured, but it is learned that two children are still missing, a girl aged 5 years old and a girl aged 5 years old. even the shynrang is 3 years old.
It is worth mentioning that the KSU has received clear information that the purpose of the road in Mawthabah is to mine uranium and nothing else.
Regular exercise, meditation, yoga and meditation are essential for a healthy life.
Roipar said that one of the issues was the demand that Khasi should be placed in Khasi areas and Garo should be placed in Garo areas to avoid any problems in the language. walking and standing because it often causes problems because you don't know or understand how to talk.
And we all had a part in there to mess up.
The celebration was opened by Rev. SD Lanong, Chairman of the Jubilee Committee. KJCE Union, Elders, Rangbah, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani MDC Nongpoh and others came to congratulate.
At the meeting, Prof. Oinam said that the BJP government in Manipur in the past months has taken strong measures to fight against drug trafficking groups operating in the country. state.
I used to ask those words, 'Together we will stand, we will fall.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Secretary General of the Archery Association of India Pramod Chandurkar as the chief guest in the presence of leaders of the Archery Association of Meghalaya and others.
“At present, young people who have applied for any job for three or four years have been waiting for three or four years until sometimes when they are called for an interview they don't remember that they applied for a job because it's too late. “We are pleased that this policy should be introduced so that after the interview, the recruitment will continue and will not stop for many years,” he said.
Speaking on the death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, the Dolloi said that Kiang Nangbah gave his life to fight against the dohlieh who tried to attack the customs and traditions of the jaidbynriew.
It is fortunate that these things come before the elections and I am sure that the people should understand, think carefully because the public money cannot be misused by anyone.
New Delhi: Dinesh Trivedi, Member of the Rajya Sabha from the Trinamool Congress and former Railway Minister, has announced in the House that while he is taking over the Speaking on the occasion, he said he would resign from his Rajya Sabha seat, saying he was disappointed with the current situation in his state in West Bengal.
“We have seen that many of the parties within the present government have taken the ILP as one of the issues in which they have gone to the people to ask for their support and also for the introduction of the Khasi language. They have put forward to achieve these goals,” said Bah Roy.
Meanwhile, a senior Ukrainian defense official said that day that the shooting of those who surrendered was a violation of the laws of war.
They have taken five wickets three times in a row.
This time, their protest was to stop work for one day and to hold a graffiti.
Please remember to vote for VPP.
The word corrupt means any job, whether it is in the field of government or in the field of money or in the sale or purchase of land or in the household of corrupt people. , without understanding.
When we look at the village below Sohra, it is a village surrounded by stone and the inhabitants of it used to earn a living by cutting stones to build houses or wells, but He said that they have stopped the work because many of the stones have been produced but there is no buyer and they have to leave them because the people of Sohra don't have the money to come. buy stone building houses as usual all the time.
The problem is not the availability or lack of money, but the biggest problem is the misuse of money or the inability to use money,” said TUR. education should come at the forefront of Government governance and performance.
JSM Eastern Region Leader Wellson Siangshai said that the demand for Govt College has started since 2016 because there is only one Govt College in Jaintia Hills in Jowai and it cannot accommodate all the students. region.
Bus Dieng model 2013 ML05L.40 seaters Tiptop Rs 10,70,000/- shipbew lakh ninety thousand.
The plan to go to Um LadawtoRetdung Khur was also not successful.
Earlier, while talking to reporters, the EM of the Elaka, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, who has recently taken over the department, said that he will look into all the complaints and if found that the The KHADC will take the necessary action against the Syiem and may lead to the suspension of the Syiem.
He also announced that the book for youngsters who like to play the guitar and released today by the MLA of Shella will be sold to the public at a price of T.200 tyngka.
So when night came he went home and the Missionary thought about his words and asked another man why we used to go to church together and he loved and feared God but now how do you become long?.
On Saturday, 27th June, the Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Jowai was operationalized.
Speaking to media, he said that the state government has already sent a directive to all the Deputy Commissioners of all districts to consult with the village leaders and decided to open the and it shall be decided, when all the hearings are received.
Speaking briefly on this occasion, Kong Gitabali Majaw and Babu Manbha Lyngdoh expressed their gratitude for the opportunity to provide assistance to the poor families in the village. Secretary Maharaj of Ram Krishna Mission Sohra Ashram said that the purpose of serving God is to help others.
On this occasion, James Sangma, Minister of State for Home Affairs, said that the Government has tried to address this long-standing problem by introducing smart meters through the support and funding. Asian Development Bank.
“Earlier, we have decided that government employees who want to become members of the parties must first apply for permission from the government, but now we have allowed them to hold positions, become members but they must “It's a good idea to inform the government immediately,” said the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, while talking to media after the Cabinet meeting.
The young woman has been drowning since Sunday.
The price of petrol has risen to Rs 100 per liter in Rajasthan after a nine-day hike.
Secy: Westing Kurkalang, Sports Secy: Arwell Nongkhlaw, Organizing Secy: Shemphang Langstieh, Asst.Orgn.
The strike by the ASHAs has affected the health services to the people in the district but the leaders of the ASHAs have appealed to the people to support them so that to get their demands from the government for which they have been fighting for many years.
“He said that the preparations for the appointment of the Vice Chancellor and Pro-Vice Chancellor have progressed and he confirmed that next year, the university will be implemented and Shillong will also be implemented. “It has its own office in connection with this school,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
Nongrum said the NGT ban will not last long.
All of us have been involved in the invasion of Dkhars abroad.
They have misused their eyes in stealing, in idolatry, in coveting things that they cannot afford, in coveting people's houses, people's cars, things. husband and wife, for God had commanded from the beginning, “You shall not commit adultery, you shall not steal, you shall not covet your neighbor's wife, your field, your slave girl. , the ox and the ass of thy neighbour" Deuteronomy 5:17-2
Through this day, various departments of USTM have celebrated this special Women's Day to honor the women in the state and the country as a whole.
Marbud was the Congress candidate in the 20129 MDC election, but was defeated by Teibor Pathaw.
George said that as soon as Charles Pyngrope announced his name as the MP candidate from the TMC, there was another change because of the emergence of a synrop group of political parties. They are on the opposite side of the Indian National Developmental Inclusive Alliance (INDIA).
From young men to young women took part in this cleanliness drive, in order to preserve what our ancestors have left behind.
Hosea 4:6.
The Unitarian Church was founded in 1893 by Sianti Mai Wahlang, the mother of Bormurai Riat Laban. Babu Robin Roy, Kong Sianti Mai, the founder of the church, died on the 17th July 1897, only four years after he was able to establish the church which is now at Madan. Laban.
Kynta alleged that on 14th November, the Chief Justice of the Court had threatened to file a case against the lawyers to send them away.
Turning back to the By-pass road from Lad Umroi to Mawryngkneng, this has been completed and it has been smooth, where trucks have been able to travel freely as they wish, as it is a flat road. it is no more like before.
He said that in this regard, they have to look into the matter and seek careful advice, in which their counsel has suggested that the case can be discussed in the court.
In Dkhar, they use a cultivator or grubber.
“Different political parties or organizational groups have the same goal when it comes to the indigenous people, which is to preserve their culture and heritage, and it is through this what distinguishes us from other groups of citizens is to be proud of our identity as indigenous people,” said the Prime Minister.
After the end of the competition, prizes were awarded to the winners of various competitions and a special honor was given to the villages in East Khasi Hills which have completed the supply of water to all the households in the villages. village and Functional Household Tap Connections (FHTCs).
He said that in the past few days, a new gate of KHADC has been opened in Umdihar village to collect money from freight vehicles. There is also a lot of tax collection points.
Speaking at the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, Dass said there are many Indians whose names have been removed from the NRC and when the CAB is implemented, this will happen. Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and the residents of the area have expressed their concern over the slowdown in the NH 44 (NH 44). NH 6) in the northern parts of Myndir and near the MeECL Sub Station at Kuliang.
On the other hand, Bah Gavin said that the PDF, as soon as it won the election, had the same goal, which is to join hands with the UDP to form a synrop government, but to form a government it needs Gavin said that other political parties like the Voice of the People Party, TMC and Congress have also participated, but when there are many parties, there have been many seats. The requirements for the formation of a coalition government without the NPP, and it is not easy to achieve.
The chief guest at the meeting, Ms Phanbuh, said that girls need support and assistance in all aspects.
Bestius Nongbsap scored the first goal for Merinda FC in the 2nd minute, followed by Mebankhraw Nongrum (18 min), Mebankitlang Mawlong (26 min) and Lumlang M Mawlong (34 min). min) and finally the Qur'an (48 min).
With the existence of the G20, it is the one that will unite and unite everyone around the world.
“This amendment is in accordance with the Supreme Court order and these amendments need to be repealed,” he said.
Bakitbgoklang Nongpyiur and Marshal Thongni in the men's 48kg category and Marshal Thongni in the men's 51 kg category were the winners of the quarterfinals. Kapil Barman, Banjop Nongkhlaw and Khrawbok Marweiñ, in the 54 kg category, Gaurav Chettri and Wicky Mawlong, Sunday Ch Sangma and Sunday Ch Sangma in the 57 kg category. The winner of the 60kg category was Biangbok Umbah.
God looks at you with an angry face, Do you know how soon He will judge?
It encourages us to think of ourselves and to support those in need with love.
The union also expressed its concern over the increasing number of students from the North East, saying that although 2017 was the highest number of students from the North East with 24 students passing. , but she said that this is still not enough.
She called Bah Deng and told him everything that had happened.
Turning back to Riia, she too had already thought that she should meet Bahnah to arrange the time.
The tournament will be organized by the Basketball Federation of India.
Shillong, July 24 : The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Small states with few large investment companies like Meghalaya need the assistance of the central government to develop sports activities to attract talented athletes to represent the country in sports tournaments different.
At that time, Bah Herman Nongrum was shocked and could no longer speak to tell about the New Year's Day of the jaidbynriew.
“They should show that they have stopped committing anti-national acts,” he said.
This shows that the UDP is better able to strengthen the government and sell the foundation.
Then he rules over the wicked world.
Bishop Desmond Tutu of the Republic of South Africa said, "I don't know what Bible people read that says that religion has nothing to do with politics.
The Word of God says, “But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.
Nongpoh, Nailur 09: Umkra Lower Primary School together with Seiborlang Upper Primary School, Seiborlang Upper Primary School, have joined hands with the world to celebrate the Word Literacy Day. Umkra today celebrated the World Literacy Day at the school with the aim of improving literacy.
Moments when we can forgive and forgive each other, and how much more to forgive those we have not been able to forgive.
He said that as a group, we will continue to insist on the rights of the citizens whether they are children, youth, the elderly and others who have been treated unfairly or deprived of their rights. that is, the orderly view of all in the society in the North East.
There are some who have left the Government and tried to destroy the BJP.
Furthermore, there was a Story Telling for the Pre-Primary School children who were awarded the Sam-i-naki Passah and an Exhibition on Teaching Learning Material. HKSignh Memorial School, Jowai, St. Michael English School, Jowai RMSA School, Khimusniang Upper Primary School, Chutwakhu UPS SSA, Kurimai Memorial UPS SSA, Police Public School and others. schools are special in terms of the environment as outlined in the G-20 Agenda.
God will punish those who touch Jerusalem, He will not allow them to defile or destroy it, because He (Jesus) will come again to this earth and make Jerusalem the place of His joy. once again.
The program was opened with a welcome speech by Riverine Pyngrope.
On the other hand, the union has also tried to investigate the death of the girl through her father, and according to the post mortem, besides the mark on the neck, there is also the loss of the fingers of the girl. and thou shalt have a sign on my foot.
You can include these in evening meals, live vegetables and drinks.
I, my mother, am willing to ask if I need anything,” said Rep.
Ram Ryngkhlem (58) was the winner among the oldest participants and Mihsalan Shylla (10) was the winner of the youngest category.
The Minister of PHE, u Bah PHE, has expressed the hope that if the state receives the funding for the JJM scheme, it will have great hopes, as the PHE department is still struggling with the JJM scheme. “However, we understand that there are many problems that cannot be solved as received from the JJM and we will not It can also be obtained from other departments, because other departments will also be involved if we expect from the RIDF, all departments need to implement.
Earlier, Bah Shakliar Warjri reminded the players to make good use of the money they receive as prizes in order to improve themselves and their talents.
He said that in fact KHNAM is pleased with the appointment of the Expert Committee because it will delay but it cannot do anything because it is alone.
“We cannot afford to send our children who have just passed matric and class 12 to school because we cannot support them anymore,” said the women.
He said that in the last four years he has done many things for the benefit of the people especially for the farmers by converting agricultural products into forest products and said that in the future he will continue to work hard to complete the project. The remaining works include the construction of roads, water supply and others.
Shillong: The employees of GVK-EMRI 108 under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRIWU (MEMRIWU) today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. James PK Sangma and this is after nine days of strike to demand that the government should implement their demands.
After the ceremony, there was also a candlelight vigil in memory of those who were killed and injured in the attack.
Bah Ernest urged the people to be wise rather than stupid when electing leaders because if they choose wrongly it will be a loss to their future.
According to the CEM, the names will be sent to the Governor on Monday.
He said that the market will be closed from tomorrow morning until further notice on the 26th. There will be markets at Anjali Point to Contonment Police Beat House, Lat Smit and 7 mer. Upper Shillong and those coming from Ribhoi area, the Government will explain the places to sell their jhur. These markets have been set up so that there will be no increase in the number of people in the market and that the farmers will and those who came from those places shall bring their fields to sell.
When we grow up, another generation will disappear.
It is learned that recently, the Veterinary Department has been informed of the death of these 10 pigs for investigation. The cause of the death of these pigs is still unknown as they are awaiting the report from the Veterinary Department.
All this is possible with his help," she added.
Umsning beat Nongrim Hills 3-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at the Assam Regimental Center Football Ground, Shillong on Saturday.
From the Office of the Prime Minister of India, a letter has been sent to the NDHICL to suspend the construction of this road. The road was added by Renikton.
Man that is born of man is of few days, and full of trouble.
Many of the passengers especially from different states of the North East who have thousands of motor vehicles a day have to pass through this By-Pass.
On the part of the DC, regarding these issues raised by the job seekers together with the MLA and the political parties, he promised to take action.
But when this happens, those enemies will become stronger.
Regardless of little fact on it, few tourists were notice this place as a place of tourist attraction because of its beautiful look, good social behavior and most importantly is of the uniqueness of this falls called Byrdaw Falls.
In a statement, the voters of his constituency admitted that the MLA has not accepted their application for the MLA scheme.
“If we don't get our demand, we will intensify our protest and we will invite our colleagues from Garo Hills to come to Shillong in the next few days,” he said.
Therefore, the union through this letter lodged with the District Administration at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, requested the District Administration to take immediate action against these illegal activities. The Company also demands that the work should be suspended immediately while the Company has not been able to explain to the public about the Project and to proceed according to the procedures which should be clear to the public.
I feel that the reservation policy needs to be amended,” he said.
In North Garo Hills, there are 9 cases and all of them are high risk contacts.
Speaking to media, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma said that the increase in fares for tourist taxis and those in Shillong area has been based on the increase in fares. door that tiar that tar.
He said that according to the order of the National Green Tribunal on 16th July 2019 through the District Council Affairs Department, the District Council Affairs Department has been directed to enact the Solid Waste Management Act in the areas within the border. The Council has set up a Cell known as the Solid Waste Management Cell.
The Deputy Commissioner (DC), West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, WJHD, Jowai will hold a The Independence Day Run 2023 for men and women (open category) will be held on the 15th of this month.
The residents of these 7 villages have complained about the problem they are facing due to the lack of ration.
It is to be recalled that Edge 10 in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has conducted a recruitment program in which up to 4000 athletes have participated. took part.
“The JHADC does not prohibit the Dolloi from collecting revenue from the religious markets when the traders bring their goods to sell at such markets.
Although the fish fishing competition in Khasi Jaintia is very strong these days, it is surprising that the state does not have fish and has to buy fish from abroad.
The Minister said that the accommodation will be provided according to the department where they work in the areas set by the government for them.
The Chief Secretary said that the NGT order has directed that the wastewater should not be discharged directly into the rivers.
The SP said that while they were shooting and beating, the child managed to escape from the forest and came to the village and asked for help from the villagers.
The Minister made the announcement while speaking as a chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Super Division Football League organized by the Amlarem Sub Division Football League (ASSA) at the Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem on 19th November.
The Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (MCGO), one of the environmental organizations in Meghalaya, has urged all the residents of the state to be vigilant while walking and not to smoke cigarettes or tobacco. they walk in the wilderness lest they cause fires.
In fact, good teaching teaches how we should view others as better than ourselves so that they can lead them to the path of goodness.
The tournament will start from 3rd to 3rd November.
Babu Kular Khongjirem The NPP-led MDA government in Meghalaya has been in power for more than two years.
Because this area is on the border with Assam, Assam has been able to occupy these areas.
But not to take advantage of anything else.
“All I have received from the MDC scheme in these five years is T.1,2021,600 (one crore 20 lakh 21 thousand 700) distributed to all the villages and people,” he said. Titosstarwel said that there is still T.50 lakh to be received for the year 2013-1
He said that when inspecting these jobs, it was found that they are jobs that all Khasi can do.
When asked how easy it is for the people to get the vaccine, Hek said that they have not yet received the vaccine, so they don't know how to say, but when they get it. Health workers and frontline workers who are fighting against this disease, will be able to understand how safe this vaccine is to give to the public.
They just shut down and started the work.
Since the incident on 3rd June, there has been a lack of trust between the Kuki-Zo and Meitei ethnic groups, which has also led to a fierce fighting between the authorities. management, retention and enforcement of legislation and public representatives as well.
Syiem said the executive committee will follow up on the matter with the government of India, together with the National Law Commission, to take into consideration and opinions as well as from the people involved. The KSU Central Executive Council (CEC) on July 24, 2013, has confirmed the leadership of the KSU Central Executive Council (CEC) held at Jaiaw. Lambokstar Marngar promised that the party will continue to monitor the outstanding issues including the fight against drugs.
They were honored at a function held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall on Tuesday as part of the commemoration of the greatest writer of the Jaidbynriew, Pahep Rabon Sing Kharsuka. 112th death anniversary today.
The current fare is 22,500 per month, according to the officials of the department.
Shillong: The heaviest rainfall in Sohra today has reached 354.0mm.
The error was revealed in the State Finance Audit Report for the fiscal year ended October 31,
The MDC of Jowai North congratulated and blessed Samla Dahun Shisha for a healthy body and progress in her life and career.
In a letter sent to all District Education Officers, Sub-Divisional Education Officers and Principals of Government Schools, the School Education Department of Mizoram on Tuesday The district authorities and school authorities have been directed to allow the students from Manipur to enroll in government schools in the state if these students come to apply for to register.
The purpose of this meeting is to strengthen that spirit to work better to protect children and guide them in the right path.
To improve your memory on the ability to concentrate, it is necessary to allocate time for your mind and memory by using puzzles, memory games and games by simply create things that you find difficult to think about and things that you need to think about.
Even now, to talk about the Roman people is no longer appropriate because they are based on their own religious thought.
The office bearers of Laskein Circle are Dapmain Suchiang as president, vice president Bantei Maskut, general secretary Franky Shylla, finance secretary Daeimi Biam, organizing secretary Bantei Suchiang, assistant organizing secretary Bakordor Timung, publicity secretary Heiborki Suchiang, assistant publicity secretary Pala , disciplinary secretary Niwansuk Labon, sports secretary Meban Dkhar, office secretary Brighstar Lamare, cultural secretary Rideiwa Dkhar and education secretary Aplang Lamare and 12 executive members.
Olivier Giroud scored in the 44th minute and Kylian Mbappe in the 74th and 91st minutes.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh Thabah, said that his contest for this election will be on the grounds that Maheh Don (bam kwai ha Dwar u Blei) has laid down. He hopes that the people of Sohiong constituency will give him their full support in the upcoming elections and that he will win a glorious victory.
Shillong, November 15: The CEO of NE Starlight Entertainment, Bryan K Sangma today announced that the two-day Fashion Design Festival will be held on the 18th and 19th July 2024 at the Hotel. Long live.
Sanjeev Kongwang was elected as the new Rangbah Shnong, while Armstrong Kongwang, Williamson Kongwang and Augustine Kongwang were elected as Assistant Rangbah Shnongs.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, today said that a person who went to Rangthong PHC will be prosecuted according to the rules of law. , when he recovered from Covid -1
The people of Puducherry do not want to join Tamil Nadu, because perhaps they are happy, they are enough as a Union Territory.
"Then I asked again, "Why do you cover yourself with plastic, but you don't cover me?" They answered, “You are not.
When you look at the road which has been cleaned for more than three months, it has been cleaned again because it has not been cleaned during the rainy season.
Donald said that since the introduction of the CAA by the Central Government at that time it was only the CAB, and the KSU has written a letter to the Central Government on this issue. and we have been protesting against CAA since
On the same day, the MLA together with the officers, village leaders and Mawtari Myrdon Church, visited the venue of the Synod, the roads, the water supply system and especially the The roads were closed to facilitate the movement of those who attended the Synod.
Regarding the expulsion of the market vendors from the new market, South Tura MLA Jonh Leslee K Sangma said that they should not leave until the government has decided. provide.
According to Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, on the 5th of this month, he received a letter of temporary resignation from the President of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, who resigned on the allegation that he committed crimes. against the Party, and on the 7th, he sent a letter of resignation.
and he reared up an altar for Baal in the house of Baal, which he had built in Samaria.
In a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, DC Bah Garod LSN Dykes said that the factory has been suspended for the time being, as it does not meet the requirements of the State Pollution Board.
“I have tried to do my best to resolve the issues,” said Bah Thabah.
The Minister held a special meeting with the district authorities led by the Deputy Commissioner and his subordinates as well as with the Doctors, Nurses and others who work hard for the health sector. the public.
Myrthong said that about seven shops have been closed down by the enforcement wing after it was found that they were operating without trading and labor license. their documents were not renewed.
The environmental protection should last 365 days.
The group led by Dolloi Darrang has expressed its strong opposition to the plan of the state government through MeECL to build a dam to generate electricity from the Umngot River.
The Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap, Bah KP Phawa in a statement requested all the residents to take part in the cleanliness drive.
It is to be recalled that the club has won two awards including the State Level Outstanding Youth Club Award 2021 2022 and the District Best Youth Club Award
“About 80% of the Western Bypass will pass through this constituency.
Kinison Chyrmang of Mulait Bri Sumer SC won the Player of the Match award. Kos Dkhar of Mulait Bri Sumer won the best goalkeeper, Rahul Bareh of Jalaphet Mochut Pyrdung SC won the best goalkeeper of the tournament and Ripil Chyrmang won the player of the tournament. Jalaphet Moochut Pyrdung.
New Delhi: The Ministry of Rural Development has launched the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) as a special initiative to bring road connectivity in rural areas through a single road that can be used by all. per annum, to those non-vehicular settlements with a population (250 & more than this, and in the case of the North East according to the 2001 census) to improve income and society of people living in rural areas.
The employee said that she came to work with Justice Gogoi in March 2016 and after that, he used to invite her to his room to bring the verdicts from the court at 8am every morning and then. She said that on 31st November 2018, Gogoi sent her to take her husband to meet him and she said that one morning, Gogoi invited her to his room. He asked why she didn't answer at all when he called her and she said that she doesn't take numbers that she doesn't know. Please enter your number.
These include New Children Public School, Sindhitola of Shankargarh, Bachai Singh Singaur Inter College of Chandrasenpur, UD Memorial Inter College of Asrave Kalan and Pancham Lal Ashram Inter College, Ghiyasuddinpur of Transport Nagar.
When asked about the price of other types of jhur, they said that there is no difference in the price.
Shillong: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District today submitted a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Electricity Department. smart meters installed in Jain country are contractors.
Nongpoh: Ri Bhoi Police together with friends of a man, who stole a truck dumper, this morning have recovered a truck dumper stolen from Guwahati. and intended for use within the state.
This is the time for all of us to come together as a nation.
In one hole, the bodies of two people were found, while in the other, only one body was found, which was believed to be the body of the driver of the vehicle.
Shillong, Oct 30: After lodging a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday, October 27, Poor People's Movement (PPM), Hynniewtrep Youth Movement, (HYM), Ri Bhoi People's Movement (RBPM); Members of the JAC together with some residents of Umran Dairy, today, met with the CEM KHADC, Bah PN Syiem and also the EM Trade, Bah NA War regarding the opposition to the Construction of new petrol pump at Umran Dairy on proper grounds.
It is not clear why there are no other companies with more experience to offer to take over MCCL. MCCL in the past produced the best dewbilat and was famous for its strength. his.
“We have to consider from all sides and we will take a decision,” Sangma told reporters.
Shillong, Naiwieng : Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Friday inaugurated the two classrooms of Umsaw Mawjynrong Sec.School which has been allocated under the MLA Scheme (SRWP). 4 lakh rupees.
He said if you obey you will receive blessings and if you disobey, you will receive a curse.
Coal coming from outside the state and passing through the state to go to factories or to trade abroad will not be allowed to issue new challans after the 15th of this month.
Rev. Thomas June is a Pastor and Christian Preacher from Wales by God's calling to be a Pastor and a Missionary and preach Christianity to other countries of the world.
In the second leg of the tournament, Nangbah Mulang won 2-0 against Sabahmuswang.
At the same time, the garbage collected in Lad Wah Nangbah and near the DC Office has been entrusted to the JHADC. The JNV has also said that it will clean up the market once a month until the Municipal Board. it will start working again.
The New Year 2022, has come to an end, in which mankind in the middle of this world, has already prayed, with the hope, that it will be a year full of In terms of employment, income, health, education, agriculture and so on, by which mankind has been able to move forward. O Lord God, do all these things.
After the meeting with the market owners, the Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Neil Antonio War, said that the Hima Mylliem should provide land to the market owners. 40 residents of land especially when they pay daily tax to the Hima.
On the day of the sacrifice, what happened was that while Heracles was burning incense on the fire burning on the altar, the flames of the fire burned the incense in the cloth and the sank into his body.
Besides these names, if there are any names that are missing or forgotten here, they can give their comments for the good of the longkur longjait.
The Sengbhalang has expressed its deep regret over the silence of the Home Minister, Amit Shah on the issue of the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
About 400 men and women attended the meeting and both the family of the sick child and the family of Bah Dipolan were invited to speak on the issue. Both the sides have been at peace without any further interference, said the sources.
Shillong: There have been 65 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 158 recoveries have been made today.
In Assam, Congress MLA Rakibul Hussain is the ninth MLA to test positive for the virus.
“This video has mislead that there is an attack on Hindus and this video will cause a great conflict between Hindus and Christians in the state,” said Bah Erwin in the complaint.
Speaking to u SP , EM of Trade and Industry , Bah Latiplang Kharkongor , said that according to the law , the KHADC can close down foreign shops without informing the owners , but the department has already sent a letter of notice and given more than two months, but he said that the owner has admitted to the court that she has not received any information.
Time passed quickly without any news that these two had completed their matriculation and in the village where there was no college they had to go abroad to study.
In this Sunday Ber Dpei ceremony, the faithful come in front of the altar of incense and the Priest takes the incense, which comes from burning the old fruit leaf and throws it on the shyllang of the faithful.
The National Human Rights Council (NHRCI) has demanded that the state government should hand over a CBI inquiry into the incident and strongly condemned the actions of the Dispur police.
It is also clear that the MDA government does not look after the poverty and education in the rural areas.
The union requests these village leaders to meet face to face and hand over the letter to the President of the Jowai Village Council, A. Niangti, General Secretary Riquoma Rq Laloo and Bishar Shylla. General Secretary of the Union of Village Heads.
Md Siraj Ali (2/13), Bharat Gurung (2/14) and Vikram Marbaniang (2/14) took wickets for Ri-Bhoi.
Except for Mawsyrpat village which received another kilo according to the sordar of that village.
They should not listen as we have seen in the past, from 2018 to 2022 when there is no dorbar.
She said that in the past she has never seen such an incident especially during the rainy season when the water has covered and destroyed these parts (hali) near the river and this has happened. every year.
Shillong received 26.4mm of rainfall today, while no rainfall has been received at all.
The meeting also discussed the loss of MeECL from the low price of electricity and suggested to use prepaid meters from now on.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The President of the Khasi Hills Tourist Taxi Association (KHTTA) on Tuesday said that there is no taxi service from Shillong to Assam and other places. The complaint that the Assam police have stopped vehicles from Meghalaya to travel to Guwahati and other parts of Assam.
“The Department of Chemistry of USTM has reached the international level in terms of education and research through the achievements of our students.
CASTOR OIL AND COCONUT OIL.“Ingredients:- Castor oil and coconut oil.
Home Minister Amit Shah has spoken to Manipur Chief Minister Biren Singh to brief him on the situation in the state.
He said that the village authorities send their condolences to the family of this young woman and may God bless the family. who have lost a member of their family which is a great loss and sorrow.
On the other hand, u Tyngkan urged these villages to overcome the challenges as a nation and to have these three Mawbyrsiew 'to earn the right, the knowledge of the family and the knowledge of man and the knowledge of God' .
Through this letter, the Secretary of the Coordination Committee on International Border requests the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills to come and inspect the illegal construction of this work and to stop it immediately so that no one will be affected. who are involved and to resolve these issues.
However, the times, months or years are not yet known.
This was indeed a bhagirath work in which all the people in the society participated.
Girijamma is said to have been shocked by the insult of her husband, as he never visited her again and did not even take her from the hospital when she recovered from the disease.
There was a fear that a time would come when the food produced in the south would no longer be sufficient to feed the people in it.
We forget to think about spiritual things but spend a lot of time on physical things.
“I have not spoken against the HSPDP party, and I will not apologize to the MLA as he has demanded because I have not found any sufficient reasons to apologize to the MLA,” he said. “I will wait for the 48 hours and the intention of the MLA,” said F.Marngar in a meeting with the media of the district this evening in Nongstoin.
Speaking at the meeting, the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said that since he assumed office as the leader of the party, the UDP has never won from Mylliem constituency although there have been many candidates. “I have every confidence that with the hard work of this group we will reach our goal,” he said.
In the inspection of the Umïam River on the 22nd of this month, the Umïam River has started to swell again because from the view point of Ryndang Briew, the old road cannot be seen anymore. appear in these days from the light of the sky.
The Chancellor of the University, Lt.General (Dr) Arvinder Singh Lambha in his speech congratulated and encouraged the graduates to continue their studies.
After the swearing-in ceremony, a speech was delivered by the President of JSM-CB. He said that the reason why the party stands is for the cause of the people throughout the land of Hynniewtrep.
In his speech, the Lamphang said that as the people who farm, they should not feel that they are free goods but they should increase the price of these goods and whatever is provided through the schemes. The government's expectation is to see that the beneficiaries receive the benefits that will help their families to increase their income.
The money that has been sold may last for a long time, but the purchase or sale of one's brother or sister is that his name will remain from generation to generation, even the name of the family.
E.Wanñiang, one of the parents, said that he has children who should have continued their studies at the Bachelor of Art, but due to poverty he cannot support them and has to send them home. .
In this regard, it was noted that the Meghalaya government has received T.4,091.66 lakh from the 15th Finance Commission, known as the Devolution Revenue Deficit Grant during 2020-2
Support staff are: Baiahun Mylliemngap (Meghalaya) – Manager; Sonam Palden Bhuta (Sikkim) – Head Coach; Kikam Bhutia (Sikkim) – Coach; Wang shila Jamir (Nagaland) – Physio; Jasika Karam (Manipur) – Strength and Conditioning Coach.
In this way, it is right for Meghalaya to reach the top in terms of education.
Disparsing said that the RTI he has sought is on the grounds that there are some buildings of the Swadesh Darshan Scheme. The Seng Khasi and MTDC on 13th February 2009, in which the allocation for the implementation of this scheme in this area is Rs 18 crore, 82 lakh 54 thousand 9 hundred four tyngka.
Leaders of the group including Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamlet Dohling and Saleng A Sangma said that if the central government grants ILP to Manipur, Meghalaya has been demanding it for a long time.
Shillong, July 31 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the punishment for the crimes committed by the HNLC will be according to the rules and regulations. even.
The destruction of money has been terrible these days in all aspects.
Blake Shelton and Carly Pearce have been announced as the winners of the CMT Awards. Along with the two others who will also take part in the awards ceremony will be Cody Johnson, Keith Urban and Lainey Wilson. and others.
The court wants to know how many complaints have been lodged since the bloodshed.
The truck has broken the gate and the fence.
They also alleged that the smuggling of cow trucks to Bangladesh has reached 20 trucks per day.
She said that all 26 of them are in school from class III to class
The meeting was conducted by Assistant Secretary Bah Allmiki Ryngkhlem and welcomed the leaders and members of Jalaphet Circle. , President Sumer Circle Sakilan Chyrmang and other leaders and members of the Unit Circle of JNC. woman of Japheth Village.
Therefore, on his part, he said that the time has come for the people of the North East to surprise the people, and not to have any more hatred against each other, but to unite with to claim one voice from Delhi.
Passengers have been advised to suspend their journey from the area until the landslide can be cleared.
Speaking to media, Bah Pyniaid said that the EC will use the assistance as Medical Allowance for the employees of KHADC. “When it comes to the needs of the employees, the Council does not have financial assistance when they are sick and this creates problems for its employees,” he said.
The Minister of Disaster Management, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, said that the government will provide assistance of Rs 4 lakh to the six people who lost their lives in the past heavy rains.
He said that it is for this reason that he is confident that the NPP will win the upcoming MLA elections, which will allow the party to form a single government, which will succeed only twice in the history of Meghalaya. won 32 seats in the 1972 elections.
The project was funded by the World Bank through the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA).
Support for these can be done by phone by following the instructions to be released by Sony on Saturday and Sunday evenings at 8 pm and 9 pm.
Kharkhana UP School won the men's football category and Pasadwar UP School won the women's football category.
However, these problems or threats cannot be justified or assumed that everyone or everyone from abroad and from outside the State who are not Khasi, who come to visit the villages are Khasi. who came to attack us and that we should bomb and tie them when we found them on the road.
They said that the suspension has been imposed only in some parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills but there are other employees who have not been suspended yet.
Therefore, we need to pray and continue to pray as in these times of Corona virus, believe that God will hear and answer as He said in Chronicles 7:1
Leaders of the Shylla Kur including President Pyrkhat Shylla, Chief Guest Wailadmiki Shylla and others were present at the ceremony.
He said that the implementation of this target for sohphan will benefit the people of the state, as sohphan is already available in the state.
All four were attending a Muslim service held at Tablighi Jamaat Markaz in Nizamuddin, New Delhi last month, Sarma said.
He also urged the Village Authorities to inform the names of the Presidents and Secretaries of the Kur Dorbars or Seng Kur.
Therefore, the country needs to have such people in every state across the country.
On arrival at Iawmusiang, a short meeting was held where the Headmaster of the school, RS Teron, spoke on the impact and dangers of smoking. unfortunately, it affects even those who don’t drink as well.
Sambormi Lyngdoh said that our demand to include Jaintia Hills in the anthem is not only because of the language, but first of all because of the culture and traditions of Jaintia Hills, Jaintia Hills which has a history for centuries. centuries and the culture here is also rich and diverse but the government has forgotten.
We would like to thank the Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court for allowing teachers to participate in politics or even to contest elections.
They also protested against the lack of clarity in the advertisement on the reservation policy of the state, whether it will work or not, and demanded that the recruitment should be suspended immediately and called through the MPSC. .The Commissioner said that he has done this on the orders of the State Government and he will respond as soon as possible and in more detail to the demand of the Seng after receiving the the direction of the higher authorities to him.
“The village's journey to 25 mawmer was established through the issuance of Sanad to the first Sordar Shnong of Umiew Maw-u-Sam in 1993,” said Bah Dengbok.
When asked whether the entertainment venues, restaurants and resorts that are currently standing in Saitsohpen have been approved by the Eleka authority or have they received any permission from the village authority, u Bah Marbaniang said. He said that the village authorities or the electoral authorities have no information about these resorts which have received permission to set up in Saitsohpen.
The silver Um kor that has been placed without implementation.
In the memorandum, she said that many of these government departments are in dire need of being in the district to work well for the development of the people, as well as the development of the district and the district. local education agency.
The BJP received Rs 488.94 crore or Rs 76.7 per cent of the Rs 637.54 crore donated to political parties by nine companies.
During the search, suspected goods, especially eyeglasses, were found inside the vehicle.
Both churches expressed their joy at having these houses in their church cemeteries, which they have never had before.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 540 new cases have been confirmed and 5037 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The covid19 pandemic has revealed the state of public health care in the country and the state.
The SDPO invited all the VDPs of Pynursla Police Station to come and take part in the rally which will be attended by the SP of East Khasi Hills Bah M Kharkrang.
However, as soon as the second half started, Rohlupuia shot the ball past Rajat Paul Lyngdoh's goalkeeper before it went into the net.
It is learned that while the children from the village were going to the hill, the four men who were drunk, called the children and said that when the children were They didn't go at all, they began to chase them and the little children fled to the village in fear and immediately told the people in the village; The villagers went out to search for these four persons and as soon as they arrested them, they took them to the Dorbar Shnong Hall and handed them over to the police.
The District Sports Officer (DSO) has invited more than 600 school children to participate in the tournament in 17 teams for girls and 16 teams for girls. tylli on the side of the shynrang.
It takes about 20 minutes of walking from the road to reach the place.
The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima also said that the Iewduh is a market that has been suit, shor, sacrificed and khriam for the kharlieh khariong to come and buy and sell so that it will be a big market. .
The Director said that all the related matters, from the Cabinet Memorandum to the Finance Department, have already been approved and are now in the Personnel Department which is expected to be received soon. the State Budget Council.
ULBs will need to find ways to replace plastic bags (such as cloth / jute / reusable bags etc.) that are not available in the market and to disseminate information about these. way.
Central government investigation teams, comprising ED and CBI, conducted a probe which proved the involvement of Lalu Yadav and his family members in connection with the corruption case stemming from land allocation and employment in the Railways Department.
These teachers have staged various protests and even a sit-in in front of the Secretariat.
After scoring the first goal, Khliehriat had another chance to score in the 33rd minute. Hikaidame Bareh scored the second goal for Khliehriat.
He said that he has already made it clear to the residents of the state that the start of the second phase of the border settlement will take longer, but it will be done as it should be done.
The promotion of Shiitake cultivation is the objective of the Ministry of Agriculture under the Mushroom Mission through three objectives namely to introduce technology, to develop the market and to work with the community.
The semi-final eliminator will be between Khliehriat West and Rymbai Ïawpynsing.
If we take these words, we don't know what the future of Jaintia Hills will be if the history of Jaintia Hills is not strong and dominant in the Thiar History of literature about the Hima of Syiem Sutnga. or those Syiems of Jaintia Hills like other powerful Himas of ancient times.
The environmental protection team will include the state police, the army, the army and other groups.
After completing all the necessary procedures, the police handed over the body to one of the relatives of the deceased to complete the remaining investigation.
The death of these nine persons happened at midnight when an electrical sign near Ma Sampoi Swer caught fire in their house.
Two suspected drug traffickers were arrested by the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) from Khliehriat in East Jaintia Hills district on Tuesday.
In West Garo Hills, there are 10 cases of which 2 cases are from the Armed Forces, 1 case is a health worker, 4 cases are high risk contacts and 3 cases are from abroad.
The company has also provided employment to about 5000 people and has changed the lives of more than 100,000 people.
He said that although the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 is an Act of the Central Government, it has allowed the State Government to amend its rules.
" said the lawyer.
Speaking on the occasion, the mother of the poor woman, in tears, said, “I have lost one child for about a year and I have raised four children. This same sorrow once again, through the refusal to admit this child here in the hospital.
What are you doing, son? Dad asked when his wife was nearby.
Although the bill introduced by Bah Adelbert Nongrum on the allocation of allocation to students from the state, has been rejected in the House, the HYC has encouraged the VPP MLA who Adelbert on 22nd October introduced the Meghalaya Selection of Candidates for Higher Academic Courses Bill, 2023 to allocate special allocation for the youth. who went to school in the state government.
Shillong, November 11 : U MLA of Mylliem constituency and Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling today inaugurated several development projects including a community hall, a toilet, an auditorium and the foundation stone laying ceremony. for many new construction projects.
“They have been our neighbours, and if they have the intention to eradicate terrorism and insurgency, they should themselves ask for help from India...with the cooperation we will be able to eradicate terrorism. the deeds of the wicked.
The Minister said that the relocation of the CRPF bases to Mawdiangdiang will be completed only after receiving the approval of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, which will take over the land handed over by the Ministry of Home Affairs. State Government.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Home Affairs, Guevara Marak, the AVPC said that these robbers are not those who have any goal but only groups that steal only. money for their own benefit, ' they have never said a word about their vision and purpose - they are focused only on money and not on the struggle for their own state' said Marak.
Tura, July 08: The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) on Tuesday reminded the NPP Spokesperson Ampareen Lyngdoh to stand on the foundation of the NPP founder Purno A Sangma. he stood while he was on earth on the need to divide the states in the country into smaller states.
Therefore, if you increase the price, it will affect the farmers who are poor in the area.
The District Magistrate has directed the Market Committees/Town Vending Committees to follow the following rules: To appoint more volunteers to implement the COVID-19 rules such as wearing masks, social distancing and setting up hand sanitizers and providing water .
He said that the party is concerned about the safety of the area due to the influx of foreigners to smuggle in the area.
Iran's invasion has shocked the entire Middle East after seven months of continuous fighting between Israel and Hamas and how much worse it will be if Israel falls. to fight Hamas and Iran at the same time.
Reforms within the Multilateral Development Banks (MDBs) have accelerated following the establishment of the Independent Expert Group (IEG) under the leadership of the Presidency.
Police have conducted an investigation and carried out the requirements of the law in the presence of the relatives of the deceased and as the death was due to an accident the relatives of these two families have requested for a post mortem which has been approved by the police. magistrate.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The FKJGP and KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah CVD Dieng Doh to discuss the issues related to the 2013 elections. Mawlai has been affected by the slow movement of FCI food trucks which enter Mawlai.
And the time of the resurrection and the resurrection is near, and it will also be the time of the end of that time of salvation or the time of the end of the Holy Spirit.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong Football Club lost 2-1 to NEROCA FC at the JN Stadium, Shillong on Saturday.
“The Hima on 18th June 2022 held a public meeting at Bakhlapara with the participation of the Hima, Raid and Shnong leaders. They have agreed that they will never be able to complete this task of demarcation and eventually lose the villages under the Hima which have been ruled and supervised by the Hima since ancient times according to the documents. They also have proof through documents,” said Bah Manoson Doloi.
“We should not promote tourism in the same way as other parts of Asia,” said Bah Warjri.
The first semi final will be played on the 25th of this month between Shkenpyrsit SC and R.Mukhim Xi at 2.30pm at Madan Bakur.
However, two or three months ago, Rupang spoke to the EM of KHADC, Bah J.Tynsong, who said that the festival will be held in April. On the 25th and 26th of March, the biggest festival in the state will be held at Mawphlang.
“If the government insults the teachers by dismissing them if they fail to pass 45 percent, KJDSTA will take action,” said the president of KJDSTA. The NCTE has ordered the state government to comply with the request of the NCTE but it is only a suggestion and it is up to the state government to accept it or not.
Police, after receiving a tip, conducted a search operation on the suspect, in which they found and arrested the suspect while he was driving. continue your deceitful work.
He said that this jubilee will be a jubilee of peace, happiness and hope that all the churches will be able to participate in this great day and also to serve God.
In the letter, the DC EKHD said, “I would like to express my gratitude to you, the Rector and the entire team for the approval to convert part of the Mama Margret Hostel, Laitumkhrah into a Post Covid 19 Facility. on behalf of the staff of Nazareth Hospital and I request you to cooperate with the hospital in this regard,” said Kong Laloo.
He expressed his deep sorrow over the suffering that the people of the area have faced in the past few years because the people have been misled to count the task of electing a leader.
“The loss of support of the NPP is also due to the fact that many of the ministers are involved in various business activities and this has led the people to reject the prime minister in their own country. the Constituency”.
After the death of (L) Maieit Hoping, the HSPDP party has handed over the post of leader to a man who has been trusted and respected by the people of the state.
In Shillong since 1924-25 as a sign of love for them.
And when he had agreed with the laborers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard.
In the past few months, leaders of FKJGP and KSU Nongstoiñ circle together with officers of the PWD department, have visited the road to repair the road. The PWD has promised to take action and direct the contractor to complete the construction of the road.
Therefore, if we write Rgh.ban to refer to the word rangbah, it is like following the behavior of others in the world.
The principal submitted a reply and according to sources apologized to the government.
However, as long as the area where the Kharmetor live is a slum, this slum needs to be removed.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 1: Police today arrested a man named Probingshon L Nonglait, 23, from Kynshi Bangla village in West Khasi Hills. an 11-year-old girl was raped.
Shylla said that Rule 22 of the AD Rules 1951 stipulates that the nomination must be passed by a majority of the MDCs of the District Council. There are 15 MDCs in the District Council which has 29 MDCs. This was clarified by the decision of the Guwahati High Court in 1963 in the case of Edwin Bareh, CEM vs. Henry Cotton. The High Court did not accept the dissolution of the Executive Committee by only 11 MDCs in the District Council which had only 24 MDCs at that time.
God created man by the WORD and we human beings also create knowledge, light, understanding, marriage, war, righteousness, or deception, it is only by the WORD. , the Bengali Khaitpohjar has already known the power of the Word and from the Bible to base his actions, he also encourages us with the Word by calling us “Khasi” which means “Langpuid” “Langshohdab” “seedless” and this word “Khasi” have become bloodthirsty to us and especially to the stupid rulers and judges.
They also decided to support the Executive Committee led by the NPP. They also met with NPP leaders including James K Sangma, Minister of District Council and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. .
After eating and drinking, she went to sleep.
A short speech was delivered by Raymond Nartiang, Pator Raij Jowai, welcome speech by Samboon Siangbood, Langdoh Raij Jowai and special words of encouragement to the leaders in this time of trial. Puramon Kinjin, Dolloi District Jowai.
Thus, society has become divided between those who still hold the traditional religion and those who have converted to Christianity, but the custom is the same.
“We will ensure that each and every promise will be implemented within 100 days from the formation of the Government.
Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Leader Nickson Dohling, Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has spoken to the HYC. He said that he feels as a leader of the Sengbhalang about the increasing number of foreigners who sit on the ground along the road.
The places where the song was shot include Wah Nongkseh, Sohiong.
However, unfortunately, the school does not have enough buildings and classrooms to support the number of students. The house has to be repaired every year just to support the poor children of the area who cannot afford to go to school outside the village and other places.
The celebration of the 25th Anniversary will end in 2023 with the Dorbar Bah to be held at Mawphlang.
In another match, Arsenal beat Cardiff City 2-1 with Pierre Emerick Aubameyang scoring from the penalty spot in the 66th minute and Alexandra Lacazette in the 83rd minute. Nathaniel Mendez Laing scored for Cardiff in the 93rd minute.
This eighth king will rule in the Three Temples in Jerusalem for the second three and a half years, or 1260 days (and 30 days) or 42 months.
For more information please call 9862665748 and
Trump's remarks do not agree with what is written in the US Constitution that elections should be held every four years.
Children need money every day because of many things.
The Minister in charge of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the state government has received T.135.26 crore on 28th October.
Announcing this, Bah Marbud Dkhar, Leader of the JAC, said that the letter was received via whatsapp from the office of the Deputy Commissioner. She immediately refused to meet the DC as the discussion will be only on the issue of petrol and diesel price hike.
Therefore, parents who truly care about their children should not allow their children to become too involved in these technological advances.
The screening will be held on 3rd March, 2023 at Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat, 10th March, 2023 at Ranikor Community Health Center (CHC), 17th March, 2023 at Mawthawpdah Primary Health Center (PHC). and on the 31st of March at Wahkaji Primary Health Center (PHC).
There is still enough time before we disappear in our own country.
The construction of detention camps in Goalpara District and other states is like protecting Hindus living in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh, and these will be used in many ways, as we have seen. Assam is not used by the Nepalis to occupy land in our State.
The report said that many applicants have lost their jobs due to this policy and that the 1972 resolution should be amended.
In the fourth match, Lakhon Dhar scored the first goal for Nangbah Pohchnong in the 5th minute and Lakhon Dhar scored the first goal for Mukhla Umlangshor. Sumer works for 70 minutes.
Earlier, the price of Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) in all types of cylinders including those at reduced price, was increased by T.15 per cylinder last month.
The Handbook on Natural Farming: Principles and Practices Volume 1 was also launched on the occasion. natural farming.
Shillong, Nailar 8: Mawhati MDC James Sylliang has denied the allegation that he went to reopen the Agrovet Company in Khlieh Umtrew Tdoh Umsiang (9mer). He said that as an MDC, he has no knowledge of the opening of the Ri Syiar Company which he and the people have gone to close in the past few days.
They are the ones who provide for all the needs of their children from childhood until they grow up in terms of food, drink, sleep, health, education, shelter. remains with other facilities.
“We reached a peace agreement on the 17th of July where we came to the table of peace talks to implement the community affairs and to bring about peace, prosperity and a society that can understand each other. and all the residents of Ratacherra, said Desous Pohshna, Head of Ratacherra.
Mawten Sports Club won the title and the individual prize went to Hulbinroy Khardewsaw of Rangjadong Sports Club. Geovanny Syiemiong of Sakwang Sports Club and Bosmingstar Iawsei of Wahsiej United Sports Club scored seven goals each.
He said that to reach Barato for the parishes of East Jaintia Hills is easy and close to reach Barato from the PWD road Raliang Laskeiñ Barato as well as for the parishioners from Jowai and Amlarem while for the parishes of East Jaintia Hills. Ummulong, Mynsngat Namdong and the faithful who came from the Archdiocese of Shillong on the PWD Ummulong-Nartiang road.
Speaking at the meeting, Shpradip Kumar, IPS, IG BSF Meghalaya said that the 'Swachhata Hi Seva' campaign is an important part for them as it has an agreement on the commitment of to maintain the cleanliness and security of the border areas.
As the High Court has already mentioned, it is difficult to look especially at the trucks/vehicles carrying stones and if something happens on the road, the vehicles following will suffer damage.
Some schools have started the examination in parts of Garo Hills and others will start it from July 27, 2022,” said the union in the petition.
He said he does not remember the date. “It was while we were having lunch with the Archbishop at Don Bosco that some Fathers came to greet him and to give him the news that he had passed away. appointed Archbishop of Shillong.
Avril Lavigne and Mod Sun have ended their relationship after the 38-year-old singer had been in a relationship with 25-year-old Mod for more than two years.
Others who attended the closing ceremony were Amparin Lyngdoh MLA, Sniawbhalang MLA, Ngaitlang Dhar MLA, War Director Art & Culture, PS Dkhar DC West Jaintia and HG Lyngdoh SP West Jaintia Hills.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 05 : Agriculture in these days is no longer a profitable occupation for the people, due to the global crisis and the markets have collapsed. enough that the buyers have the opportunity to reduce the price of the mur as they please.
The Minister also awarded the Police Medals for Distinguished Services and concluded the three-day DGsP/IGsP Conference in Jaipur.
The HNLC does not expect peace because the government wants bloodshed.
The habit of sitting and sleeping during the day will lead a person to depression and anxiety.
Furthermore, in 7Mer Mylliem there is only one, in Umsning, in Sohra, in Smit, in Pynursla, in Nongstoin, in Patharkhmah, in Hat Majai and in other places. all 69 pieces.
Meghalaya is also one of the states with the highest number of girls aged 14-15 who have given birth and dropped out of school.
Shillong: The EM incharge of Council Building and Council Assets, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, on Tuesday said that the presence of a garbage dump on the road to the tourist attraction built by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at Jingkieng Kalong. it will affect the tourists to the area.
The JACMSC has passed a resolution that for any work to supply or deliver goods for use within the state electricity department, MeECL should first award to the contractors of the state and if MeECL can invite contractors from abroad. MeECL cannot carry out these types of works.
“Since Thursday when the floods and landslide occurred, we have had to stay in the dark without electricity and without even using mobile phones (until Tuesday).
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the Power Department to complete the installation of streetlights and lighting in all parts of Shillong within four months.
Short speeches were delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Phramer, Ma.
He also praised the hard work of the Presbyterian Church in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills to improve the quality of schools for the benefit of the students and for the development of the nation. “We are a wise and intelligent nation, therefore, if the cooperation between the government and various churches to shape education will lead to a brighter future,” he said.
Not only these students, or tourists to Amarnath, but tourists in Srinagar have been evacuated from their accommodation and one of the hotel managers in the city, u Police have ordered the evacuation of the residents of their hotels as there is a threat to their lives.
Before the closing ceremony and before the inauguration of the foundation stone of the road, Bah Lambor cut the cake for the 25th Anniversary of the Shnong, as a sign of the closing ceremony with the children. They also welcomed the MLA who ate cake and celebrated with them.
In the match between the two teams at the Second Ground, Polo, Shillong, the match was very fierce, in which both the teams fought hard to score.
BSF troops of the 4th Battalion Meghalaya on Tuesday night arrested 11 Indians and seized vehicles carrying more than 11,000 kilos of smuggled sugar. Bangladesh.
I have to say to everyone that instead of condemning them, we and the government should work together to help them through all means so that they can leave the job they are doing.
It also happened in Mawshabui when a truck was hit by a truck.
" said RidaMar and then Rida's mother came out of the kitchen to speak.
Besides the awards to these teams, the KSU also distributed individual awards to the players who played well, Nangtei Mukhim won the Top Scorer award and Nangtei Mukhim won the Best Player award. Ledestar Tangsang, Emeral Sohiong as the best player of the day and Mewanpynskmen Kshiar as the youngest player of the tournament.
Jair Renan recently escaped police investigation in 2021, when police officials investigated him on suspicion of embezzlement of money paid by business executives to secure contracts with government.
Assam Police have taken the Rangbah Shnong to Basistha Police Station on 26th November 2018 at 6 pm. Inquiry into the construction of the road which has been underway since 16th November 2018, under the NREGS scheme, Umling C&RD Block.
The Committee will be headed by him as CEM in the presence of EMs, ADCs of East Khasi Hills, Urban Affairs Officers and Rangbah Shnongs of six neighboring villages. The Kingdom of Mylliem.
Shillong: Ka Agnes Kharshiing, one of the leaders of the CSWO and the state leader, today lodged a complaint against the delay in the construction of the Sohiong by-pass.
Because it is through my vote and yours that we can shape the future of governance in the State.
At the same time, this government does not have a policy on border issues until it is invaded by Assam and invaded by Bangladesh.
Well greater things are in us to focus on than those personal affairs of people," he said.
The Assam government since 2019 has been continuously working on this road which has prompted the residents to strongly oppose and allege that Assam has crossed their borders and farmland.
The reason why these nurses did not pass the examination was due to an error in publishing the names of 10 nurses whose names appeared on the list of DHs but did not appear on the list. instead of taking the exam.
Soren said he intends to implement it well after the High Court has abolished the appointment system by his government.
The Indian government and the NSCN IM will meet again in the coming days.
On the other hand, Arwotki Sumer, General Secretary Seinraij, gave the congratulatory speech while Raymond Nyrtiang, Pator Raij Jawai, conducted the ceremony with the thanksgiving ceremony and the suit and shor. peace and harmony with the fruits of the religion.
Besides, if they are sick or their relatives, they will receive free medical treatment or reimbursement after approval from the DHS. six months, excluding the maintenance, the housekeeping, and the table.
Speaking to media, the Minister explained that the Central Government is looking forward to the development of the North East in various fields.
He said that this plan is divine to move forward.
The six persons who are currently on hunger strike at the statue of Kiang Nangbah to force the government to pass the Village Administration Bill, these six persons are Adelbert Nongrum, Goldy Warjri from Lumdiengjri, Bobby Basaiawmoit, Vice President of HANM (Central Body), Devijune Myrthong, General Secretary, Samborlang Lyngkhoi, Working President of HANM. Forest Circle.
Nangbah is one of the oldest villages in Jaintia Hills. The Iawmusiang which is now in Jowai was also moved from Nangbah.
There are currently 30 trainees at the training center at Nongkrem for the three month Skills Meghalaya program sponsored by the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS). .
Shillong, March 06: The climbing team of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, a mountaineer from Upper Lumparing, Shillong, who took part in the climb of Draupadi Mountain, Danda II, Uttarakhand, The fall of the mountain has not been traced to this day.
“The smoke of a car affects the air because if the breath enters the body, it can affect and cause disease,” said Nongbri.
The 1950 Act allows for the slaughter of cows over 14 years of age or those that are no longer able to work, but the Act clearly states that no cows can be slaughtered. any cat and of any age.
“Why are you sitting here alone? What are you?” The old woman answered, “I am the Truth.
Bah K.Wonderful About 22.
In the first leg, Arwanbiang Shangpliang was named Man of the Match by 7 wickets for Avengers.
After receiving the information, the union waited all night to arrest these people until about 5 pm when they were arrested and taken to the office of the union for further investigation. The union has found that these people are Muslims and almost all of them do not have proper documents and at the same time it has also found that their vehicles do not have permits. The union has stopped them and said that they will not go to work without proper documents and after that the union has sent them back to the Assam border.
Donboklang Lyngdoh, Rangdajied's top scorer, scored in the 56th minute and the ball went wide of the post and came back into the field but it reached the feet of Knerktilang. Saveme Tariangu scored the first goal of the match before Knerktilang's second attempt was saved by Wanteilang Malngiang.
Shillong Police have joined hands with Karimganj Police (Assam) and Dharmanagar Police, Tripura.
Such criticisms are only a ploy to get votes of sympathy from the people for the sake of the country.
Jesus suffered the rain for my sins and yours. He doesn't count them all but by love He saves us.
Wilbert Marbaniang (Jackets FC) won the Best Player award, Kyntiewdor Lawri Niang (Umeit FC) won the Best Goal Keeper award and Umeit FC won the Top Scorer award. Rapborlang Makri (Umeit FC) and Pynnoh Riwar FC won the Best Discipline Team.
Police have urged all those who pass through this road to be vigilant and vigilant in case of another landslide.
Denying the allegations of the MSCW, the Minister of State for Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “I have not issued an order to dismiss the Chairperson of the MSCW. (MSCW) only for you"
The incident of killing of two drivers in Jaintia Hills last month, has led to the unity of the people of the Kur to demand from the law enforcement agencies to end the raibi by punishing severely the killers. arrested by the police of Jowai.
These vehicles were seized and fined after the vehicles and two wheelers were installed with silencers which caused a loud noise and caused damage to the vehicles. especially to those who walk and stand, to those who sell shops and even to those who have houses along the road.
Such a law makes us little ones happy and encouraged- the foolish and the poor.
According to the office of the Directorate of Health and Services (MI) through the newspapers, the drugs have been expired and cannot be used during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, June 23: The spread of news that many people especially the youth have fallen into the worship of Satan, has shocked many especially as happened in Garo Hills.
However, last April, it announced that the damsite will be released at any time as the water has exceeded the limit.
On the same day, prizes were also distributed by the Mememto to those children of the village who have done good deeds, and cash prizes were also awarded to the winners of the Lucky Draw of the village.
The MDC of Pariong has decided not to contest the election after the Governor of Meghalaya Dr KK Paul has passed the Delimitation Bill of KHADC. The Congress MDC and former MLA of Pariong constituency has opposed the division of the constituency because it was done in a hurry and ignored the will of the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Wallamphang Roy Sawian (brother-in-law of Bah Sumar), said that Bah Sumar is a man who has done many things and is talented in many fields.
“There were no same reasons for the construction of various parts of this road.
“Therefore, we feel that it is time for the State Government to allocate more money in the budget for the SSA so that the same problem does not arise again,” he added.
In a statement, he said that the ticket of Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar from the HSPDP has been a source of hope for the party especially in the upcoming elections. The HSPDP party in the village has been very weak but this time it has surprised the party office bearers because the number of supporters in the village has reached 70 percent. you're spah.
He said that government departments where there are many Khasi employees in those government offices will have to fill with Garo until the number of employees is equal between Khasi and Garo.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has strongly condemned the search of Bernard Marak's residence in Edenbari on 22nd November
Through the performance of Avinash Rai and Ayushman Rabha, Shillong Cricket Association A beat East Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association by 248 runs in Zone 1 Group A of the U- 19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament was held at Umbuda Stadium, Nongpoh.
The festival featured traditional dances such as “Chad Rwa, Chad Pynjaw and Chad Kieh-ke”.
This initiative will also relieve the students of the problems they face in relation to the Central University Entrance Test (CUET).
Now the 8 tribes have the power of 15 Ana and the Lyngkhei Kpoh tribe of Brin still holds the bar of 1 Ana or 16 Ana or Shi tyngka.
The Cabinet will take a final decision tomorrow on the places where the government will set up police outposts. “Regarding the decision to set up police outposts in conflict areas, it will be ensured that the operation of these outposts will be smooth and efficient,” he said. the world is in the state.
Juice is a good source of water in the body and can also provide Vitamin C. The best preparation for drinking is to drink a glass of water and take a little juice and berries. a little bit of salt.
The countries, kingdoms and rulers of mankind now want to live alone to destroy this world because Satan has already said that if you bow down and worship me I will give you this world and that is what he said to him. Jesus.
Those who violate and cut down trees for burning shall be liable to imprisonment for six months or a fine of T.500 or both.
“As of now, the only way to prevent the entry of foreigners is the ILP,” he said.
Boris Johnson, the Prime Minister of England, has been admitted to the intensive care unit on a ventilator. and was said to be in very serious pain.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has signed a social agreement to share the revenue from the tourist attraction at Maraikaphon in Sohra. crore less than 3 crore.
Once they have been deprived of their recognition, they will become private schools and they may not receive adhoc grants from the government, said Bah Marbaniang.
They are still counting slowly.
And one of the check points and weigh bridges of Meghalaya Transport, through many of their shortcomings.
The Division Bench comprising Acting Chief Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh said, “Based on the findings of the Single Member Committee, the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District has ordered He said that he should appear before the court on the 11th of this month at 10:30 pm to give an explanation in this regard.
LPG Distributor/Transporter.3.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills, has declared Section 144 CrPC to curb the disregard and compliance of the public with the rules and regulations laid down by the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. to prevent the spread of Covid-19 in the District.
When he is over 45 years old, he is like a cow that goes to the fields, to gather wealth for his family and to eat in the days of old age.
Thus, the total number of returnees so far is
