However, the HITO members have been able to meet only with the Mawsynram MLA, Bah Olan Sing Suiñ, and the party has informed that the three other MLAs have left the village where they live. are valid.
“The action of the Chief Minister is not only an insult to the people of Nonglang Sirdarship, but it shows that even the members of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute of West Khasi Hills do not care,” he said. because the social boundary settlement has not been related to the report sent by the Chairman and the members of the Regional Committee”.
Horticulture Inspector Mawphlang Block was also present.
During the programme, 50,000 tree seedlings were planted in the area and 100 species of trees were planted in the area in collaboration with the MBDA (IBDLP), Shillong.
The opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) has not yet decided whether it will support the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) or India. Block.
On the raid on his residence, he said that the GNC should be illegal first, but it cannot be raided because no guns were used to fight against the GNC. you claim State.
It is not enough to be employed, what are the salaries and rights of the workers? A clear picture appears in Meghalaya that the farm workers are no longer workers, but have become like slaves and no one respects them.
Kudengrim, which is only 25 km from Amlarem and 50 km from Jowai, has a two-storey and 10-storey bridge built by the villagers, a beautiful valley on the Amlamar River. skhen houses to visit and skhen footpaths to reach the Amlamar Valley.
Meanwhile, police have taken the body of Augustine Marak to the Civil Hospital in Williamnagar for post mortem.
He said that according to the announcement of the central government through the Forest and Environment Department, it is prohibited to hold markets within 25 km from the border between the states to curb the smuggling of cattle and animals.
Even in rural areas, drug abuse has become widespread.
Therefore, people are encouraged to stop using plastic bags provided by vendors, shops, jhur vendors and others and also to take other measures.
They demanded the installation of another ATM at Ladrymbai Dongwah and gave them a deadline of three months.
“I am telling them to collect the documents that are available.
The price of food items has increased sharply in June due to the increase in the price of food items such as jhur and edible oil.
He said that where to look for this company which does not even have an office here in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Meghalaya Commercial Vehicles Union (MVU) has met with the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, Shillong to discuss two issues. confiscate the earnings of indigenous trucks such as transporting dewbilat, jhur, coal and others.
On the occasion of the 22nd anniversary of the attack on Parliament, the Lok Sabha on Tuesday collapsed after two of the citizens who came to watch the attack on Parliament The dorbar was moved from the seat to the lympung dorbar while the MPs were speaking and they also threw stem lyer.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone said that Sohra and Shella are golden plates and therefore they hope that the arrival of Bah Allan will undoubtedly bring about change in the Sohra area as a whole.
Meghalaya has won the award for the best POTHOLE ROADS.
With 43,830 hours (5 years).
In this fighting between Israeli troops and Hamas militants, we see that the bombing is very intense.
Sec. School of West Khasi Hills won the tie-breaker 4-2
For example, on national highways there are check gates everywhere but because of the use of technology there is no problem and people cannot pay. or you can't just use the stickers you've paid for".
The child was abducted from Horipur village near Rajabala this evening.
The first match will be played at 10 pm between Sacred Hearts Boys HSS, Mawlai against Assam Rifle P.School and the venue will be at Madan Heh, Mawlai. The match will start against Umphyrnai.
It is expected that these issues will be discussed during the meeting.
Therefore, jhur is very important for health as it is an affordable food that can replace rice, wheat (the main cereals) in the country. 3) Importance Importance to a grower: Nature has given us many kinds of vegetables to grow throughout the year.
During his tenure in charge of the electricity department, there were many problems and strong protests from the employees and engineers of MeECL. The UDP is not in the government.
“For the 2023 election, the people in the constituencies since 2021, my supporters have prepared and decided to re-elect me,” said Bah Mukhim.
Pastor Kyrsoi Pyrtuh, in a statement, said, “As a citizen who loves sports and wants the State to grow in sports, I am very angry and condemn.
Meanwhile, the match between Moodymmai and Lumsliarsliar ended without any goal.
“It's on the road from Shillong to Shella.
The RDA did not go to the market during the MLA elections but it is a sign of the efforts of the two parties to see how the election market is going and to understand each other.
Another issue he raised on the lack of working methods of the EC is on the collection of revenue by the KHADC from the coal trucks which he said is illegal collection and the government through the DMR has already collected revenue. He said that this is the collection of taxes from the people which many people are angry about.
The Player of the Match was awarded to Raja Lama.
The teachers demanded that the results of the Diploma in Elementary Education (DELED) examination for the year 2013-14 should be corrected.
When asked how they feel when they see the shortage of road, they expressed their surprise and said that they have never seen such a shortage before and if it happens like this it will be very sad. afraid to shop in this area because of the crowds.
Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the tie breaker by 4-3 goals against Mawlieh Upper Primary School.
Various types of food items are distributed to the households through the AWCs such as atta, maida, suji, shana, khaw, food packets including kihalwa, khichdi, milk and so on.
They were identified as Pynbiang Rymbai, President of the NWYF and Palmon Sari, Secretary of the NWYF.
The deadline for the preparation of the new electoral roll is from 01-01-2
The Puja has started today and the inauguration of the deity will be held on 24/10/2
In the next match, Bamkhosngi SC and Mynthlu SC ended without a goal.
If the government declares it a disturbance area, it means that the area will fall under the jurisdiction of the independent forces of the army.
Shillong, Lber 21: Members of the Opposition today demanded that the government should change the recruitment policy in government departments by allowing youth from the region to be recruited in government offices. located in any part of the state.
N.Passah, Teachers from the Sericulture Department and others.
“I have never seen such an election, I have contested 10 elections but this time it is the first time I have seen such an election,” said Bah Lanong.
“If the ban on the Internet is to maintain peace and order, why not send the police to patrol the border at such a time.
When asked about the cause of the shooting, Prestone said, “I don't know what prompted the BSF to take such a step; I cannot comment because the investigation is ongoing.
Last month, the government had to arrest an Assistant Inspector General (AIG) who used to be a staff officer or worked under the former DGP. Chandranathan.
“And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive” (Matthew 21:22).
“We don't send out to announce and we don't teach the people to do so.
The immorality of the people has become so excessive in the marriage that even children under the age of five are not considered to marry.
Shillong: The Moopynieiñ Society and Sports Organization (MSCSO) will hold the 11th Cash Prize Knock-Out Football Tournament 2021 on the 16th of November at 1.00 pm.
It has also received accreditation from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) in July
Members of CoMSO carried placards with the demands for ILP, first at NEHU and then after he came to NIT Laitumkhrah.
There have been local leaders from these areas who have come to meet me to talk to me that they want to be with Meghalaya,” he said.
Speaking on the non-dismissal of those teachers from the same group who did not pass the MTET, Babu said it is surprising that the examination was held in Tura, as Others from other districts have registered in Tura, but when turning to Daddengre which also falls under the constituency led by James PK Sangma, Minister in charge of Food and Drink, Electricity. In Daddengre, the examination will be held as scheduled.
He said that the construction of the homestays is 70 per cent funded through PMEGY and there are other projects which will be implemented through PPP mode and joint venture. between the Government and the implementing agencies such as Orchid Lake, Polo Orchid and other projects such as Kongthong and others.
to..." Rida turned and stood up from her seat and said immediately to her, “Let's go.
All these new changes will not reach the Government's wishes after the signing of this Franchise Agreement.
West Garo Hills Police have arrested an unnamed man on charges of robbing part of the Pa Togan Nengminza Athletic Stadium, Tura.
" Lydia turned around with a question.
The President of HANM said that the Reliance officials have promised to bring the Purekoke company here in Shillong within 15 days to pay the money. Otherwise, we will close down the Reliance Towers.
The tourism industry gives peace of mind and relaxes the minds of the people who spend their time to eat lyer pynngad around the hills and rivers especially those places in Ri Khasi-Jaintia because We see the wonderful and beautiful things that nature has, such as the creeks, the mountains, the rivers, the flowers, the flowers, and the holy valleys which the Lord God has created.
The Sordar of Kyrdum, Bah Wairestar Marwein, while talking to reporters, said that the village authorities have created roads for the victims. The BDO of Mawshynrut has urged the BDO of Mawshynrut to immediately deliver relief goods to the family.
Where will the people go to get those oxygen cylinders, when the Government itself is still asking for them from all over? Are the Villages and Rangbah Shnongs willing to take on these responsibilities? When he died, the villagers were accused, and the Government was released.
What is more surprising is that those arrested have admitted that they are members of the gang and have threatened the students by saying that they are not allowed to ring or take pictures of these places.
On the 16th, as a sign of happiness and joy to the residents of the Raij, there will be a Masi rong at Madan Iadaw Masi Ialong.
It was understood that the opposition will not do anything now but will wait until the ARPA dissolves the EC and it was understood that the EC of the ARPA will remain until another dorbar. Shillong, October 2: St. Paul's Parish, Upper Shillong, on Tuesday celebrated its Golden Jubilee (1965 – 2015).
One of the horrors and evils we see in Meghalaya is the wide gap between the poor and the rich.
Then I found a religious leader who was good at reading the sermons written by Rev. T. Rodborne.
“The 40 posts are Office Assistant cum DEO, Ward-Boy, Ward-Girl, Sweeper, Cook, Chowkidar, Peon and Jamadar. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Forwardman Nongrem.
At the 2012 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship, Kom competed not only to win but also to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. to enter the Olympic Games.
“Replying to the pardon of the cases of the HNLC members, the ksiang said that the two governments are looking into this matter although he could not explain any delays.
In Darrang, rice and wheat were distributed and in Padu Bah, rice was distributed.
Speaking to reporters, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said, “I agree with what KHNAM has said in the media that it is a Phetwir (PDF)”.
The new cases include 201 cases from East Khasi Hills, 70 from West Garo Hills, 24 from Ri Bhoi, 8 from South West Garo Hills, 6 from West Jaintia Hills, 3 from Eastern West Khasi Hills and 2 from West Khasi Hills. Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1 and South Garo Hills
Hoque is currently undergoing treatment at Phulbari CHC. Nozim Hussain, resident of Charbatapara, said that the procession led by Habibuz Zaman stopped near his house. They started throwing stones at his house and four people were injured.
About 30 years ago, there was no more attention and thought when we met or met people from across the sea or from the countryside who came to visit us.
After this, rinse with water and spread the sohphlang on the leaf to remove the unclean stalks.
On 29th June, Lahkmen sought a report on the condition of nine government schools in Mawsynram Block and South West Khasi Hills District.
Through the Meghalaya Health and Insurance Scheme, our state is trying to bring benefits to all sections of the society.
Because the College Building remains the same every year, the students face difficulties in getting admission to classes to continue their studies at higher levels.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister spoke on the need to ensure that the beneficiaries have easy access to health care and also at a reasonable price in the villages.
France qualified for the semi-finals of the World Cup after beating Uruguay 2-0 in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
The AIM has sent a representation letter to the Principal today regarding the pressure on the students to wear masks, test or even vaccinate against Covid-1 This is Voluntary and is not Mandatory. It is not Mandatory.
According to Ferdinand Lyngkhoi, President of the HFU, Mawkyrwat Block, the scheme has been in place since the time when Mawkyrwat was under the Irrigation Department and from Nongstoin they passed to Mairang Division. and after that they handed over to the Water Resource Department of Mawkyrwat Division.
They also said that we respect Bah Lapang, but when we see these things that he has done in these days, it makes not only us the elders that we don't respect him anymore, but also the people. They will also destroy him and the time will come when his reputation as the 'Father of Ri Bhoi' will disappear.
During the inspection, the JSM admitted that it found that many foreigners who sell goods in Iawmusiang do not have proper documents from JHADC such as trading license and others.
This is indeed a great source of pride for all of us and a testimony to the hard work of the government.
This has prompted the Government to open High Schools.
SP (City) Vivek Syiem said that the motorcycle was parked near the road and the fire broke out at 4 pm.
Speaking to reporters, Rahul said, “What India has built for 70 years has been handed over to the private sector.
He said that most of those who left the UDP are from Mawhati Constituency and some from other constituencies. As a party, these leaders have left the UPD party.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) together with the FKJGP Riwar Mihngi have found that the Infiltration Check Gate at Pynursla has not been operational at all.
They are: God, Jehovah, Yahweh, Allah, Bhagwan, Isol or Salgipa, Pathian or Lalpa, Pakhangba or Panthou and others.
This lehniam is held every year on this day and it is to be recalled that in the past this lehniam was held at Kmawan, Pongkung. in the Symper Mountains.
The cause of the incident is not yet known as police are conducting investigation.
On the other hand, the KSU and HNYF said that this is a corruption in the construction of the ISBT by the company. .
Paisal was named Player of the Match.
He said the situation on the border between India and Bangladesh has improved.
These foreigners not only marry Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, they also marry their fellow citizens and bring their wives and children here to our country, as we have seen in the past years.
“The message is clear that what is needed is dialogue,” said Bah Paul.
The farmer's tax will apply to 100 percent of kyiad, 35 percent of apples and 5 percent of fertilizer.
This promotes love and cooperation.
It is a sweet and loving invitation to use this word whether in families or in different communities when they use this word.
Conrad will have to hand over his resignation letter to Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
Another semifinal match will be between Chiehruphi SYWSC and Khliehriat West FC on the 23rd of March.
On the second day, Shillong were beaten by 101 runs once again, putting Tura to 93 runs for the win. They lost 6 wickets in this match.
On the other hand, Bah Wanboklang Kharsati, a member of the Syndicate, said that buses going to NEIGRIHMS, Tynring and Smit are facing difficulties when they leave the bus stop at Them Ïew Mawlong. traffic jam especially as the Government has not yet allowed the free movement of vehicles from Them Metor.
According to the three persons, the Tyrpud was seized from a place near the road near Thadalong Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The reason for the incident was that the driver of the vehicle had fallen asleep while driving.
David asks God for wisdom so that he can see for himself what he is like and what life is like.
At the time of writing, no statement has been received from the state government, but online media and social media have confirmed the incident.
This part of the SymphoNE today was attended by policy makers, those involved in this work and those who can change the mindset of the people with the aim of promoting tourism. and he shall be in the east country.
But I will not worship God above me.
Biarritz: He speaks English well, but he doesn't want to speak it, US President Donald Trump said of Narendra Modi.
Police also said that the victim was brutally murdered by unidentified robbers.
The clashes resulted in stone throwing, beatings and the burning of two houses.
The public hearing of the dewbilat company M/s Goldstone Ltd today went smoothly without any objection and all 14 speakers gave their support to the dewbilat company. company which intends to start mining of coal and soil from Umtyra and Chiehruphi villages on an area of ​​6.7892 hectares.
The UDP has eight MLAs, the NPP two, the HSPDP four, the HSPDP has only 14 MLAs and to overthrow the Lamphang needs the support of the MLAs themselves and the Congress.
The AICTE (under the Ministry of Higher Education) and the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) (under the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship), which leads the development of the skill ecosystem in the country, today signed a memorandum of understanding. Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
He said that the Congress has brought unity despite the differences of faith, language, culture and others and now the people of India have rejected the BJP. MPYC President Adrian L Chyne, Mylliem BCC and MAYC office bearers, village leaders and Congress supporters from Mylliem were also present.
Those who wish to participate should submit their names and collect their Chest No. from the office of DSO Mawkyrwat on or before 11th July 2023 and no more will be accepted after that date.
Shillong, March 12: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to join the ruling Congress-led People's Democratic Front (PDF) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Syiem as Chief Executive Member (CEM).
In this report, Rupang showed the receipt of T.133 crore by all the constituencies.
There are 40 unions of employers and factory workers participating in the project, including the Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC), the Hind Mazdoor Sabha (HMS), the Center of Indian. Trade Unions (CITU), the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and the All India United Trade Union Center (AIUTUC).
On the other hand, the AICC chief expressed the hope that the Congress will undoubtedly win and do well in the MP elections from Shillong and Tura.
The award will encourage the athletes to work hard to win the Asian Games, Commonwealth Games, World Championships, Olympics and others.
The people in the rural areas, even in the urban areas, are very stingy and do not want to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
Shillong: The gangs of the film Jingim, have shot dead the actor, during a clash at Mawngap station this evening. , who is the middle tyngshop, that he may suffer more.
“If I win, the first thing I will do is to build a hospital for the people of the constituency, because so far, there is only one PHC in Smit,” he said.
I'm a good girl; Rimaya Passah won the second prize, Payadani Lhuid and Sima Lamin won the fourth prize.
The price of petrol is now T.90.17 per liter and diesel is T.84.82 per liter in Assam.
The Office will reopen from 29th and the newspaper will be back in print from 30th November 2023.
When meeting with the SDO, the KSU also sent a petition, in which they mentioned many of the problems faced by the people, due to the power outage in the area.
Umsawrang Lower Primary School was first established on 18th June, 1974 by (L) SP Syiemlieh and the teacher was Krinsiloda Marbaniang. .
According to the Rangbah Shnong, there are 1500 voters in Mawlai Syllaikariah and it could be more as some of them have just registered their names on the Electoral Roll.
The office bearers of the HFU units who were confirmed today include the unit from Umtyllun village where Laitphar Kharbhih was elected President and Leversing Kharbhih General Secretary.
Kovacic has previously played for Inter Milan and Real Madrid.
Those who have been more accusing the MDA 1.0 government of corruption are the BJP leaders. Now it is clear that all this is just a short skit and meaningless.
He said that through the opening of this website, it will not only benefit the tourists to get a place to stay, but it will also benefit the MTDC and the state government, because through this website, it makes that all the taxes should not be paid, but all the taxes should go to where they should go.
Many of those who are close to the politicians in power, get schemes and assistance even though they don't do anything but those who work hard and do the right thing, don't get anything because they just fight to block the way if they try to find route.
He said that there are 40 companies of the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) to ensure a smooth and peaceful election.
these days, Jana, who has graduated in this line, will give training in drawing skills to school children in this city from the picture related to the accident, the new style of drawing who every way.
Most of these refugees are from Pakistan.
I am a Christian and I have been vigilant to see if there is such an incident across the country,” said Alphons.
The people of the state have been fighting since 1979 and we will continue to fight against any forces who want to destroy our beloved country,” he said.
The Synjuk Waheh Chnong Jowai, as part of the protest against the government's decision to remove garbage from all the markets in Jowai, took to the streets on Tuesday.
Now, we have revived the state economy.
It is to be recalled that when Bah Titos was in doubt after the counting of votes, he wrote a letter to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state to send the counting of votes again. to the SDO (Election) of Sohra Civil Sub Division to convene a meeting with the candidate who has complained.
Physical slavery can still be fought, but mental slavery cannot be fought because human life is in danger, and life is in danger. They don't know anyone like those people who don't have the power to think and for that reason sometimes there is a feeling of anger and resentment if they tell the truth about this.
The Palestinian Health Ministry said nine militants were killed by Israeli troops and Israel said one of its soldiers was also killed. you're right.
Four MLAs of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) led by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit have left the Dorbar while the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, has been giving the vote of confidence. speech at the opening of the Budget Session.
The continuous power outages of MeECL have become a major problem and affect not only the employees who need electricity but also the students especially during the examinations.
Looking back on Bible accounts, there may have been occasions when Jesus too experienced such similar situations as the poverty and misery of people.
On the other hand, the SP (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, said that there has been a complaint from many churches about the disturbance of these types of tyndong to the society due to the noise especially at night.
MACC President Bah Banshai Marbaniang said, “Because we don't agree with the explanation of the DHS (MI), we have come to ask for an explanation from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in what manner it was used. money to buy medicines.
On the other hand, Rupang.com congratulates our dear readers, for taking this decision, which the government also agrees with.
He has the ability, now his maturity to lead the team has come true.
“According to the current estimates, there are 10.43 crore STs and SCs in the country of which 8.6% are STs and 16.6% are SCs,” he said.
At the same time, he strongly criticized the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongal Sangma, saying that Conrad has just obeyed what Himata Biswa Sarma said, because he himself doesn't know anything. related to the border.
for today I bring you good news...for a Savior has been born to you today.
He said that this day is not only a day of remembrance for Sngap Sing Syiem and his deeds but also for the remembrance of other elders of the area such as u Bah Rowell Lyngdoh (former MLA) who has taken over and led the constituency for the past 30 years in Mawkyrwat Constituency and Bah BB Nongsiej (Mawkyrwat Constituency). Blei) a former MLA who has been in office for about 15 years and other prominent figures.
The KSSP has demanded the repeal of the order and its president, AP Mulareedharan, has expressed surprise that the UGC, which oversees education in the country, has allowed the such teachings, which have nothing to do with science.
They will destroy the supporters of their parties in each constituency after they get tickets.
Regarding the ambulance, the FKJGP leaders said that they have struggled to provide services in the Ri Bhoi area after the complaints of many people especially the poor families. It is under the leadership of Bah Luistar Lyngdoh as President and the support of the members that the ambulance has been set up. to take another Kali with a dead body.
Many of the questions in various subjects that the students have passed do not differ much from the question set by the MBOSE every year except for the subject Social Sciences which the students said that the MBoSE sets questions very differently. -ly-bak from what you set every year.
The loss of trust of the police will continue if the agency itself is not able to change the way it operates and engages with the ‘citizens.
Doi is one of the foods that can cause inflammation.
In Bethlehem, where Jesus Christ was born in Judea, there were shepherds.
in, for Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).
Replying to a question by Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Victor said, “I have received information that there are Forest Guards. The Council, who doesn't go to work but comes to pay the salary at the end of the month.
The meeting will also discuss how to take measures for the development of agriculture in India and to make recommendations to the Government of India.
During the meeting, Bah John expressed his concern over the time taken by the District Council authorities for many years to draft and approve the Acts and Regulations of the 54 Hima Elaka including the Acts and Regulations from the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid, and Dorbar Hima, which have put the country and the people in trouble.
Amita Sangma has been admitted to the hospital for 22 days.
Sixteen teams have qualified for the 4th South West Khasi Hills District Level Invitational Volleyball Tournament
I received 45 thousand rupees that day.
The new office was inaugurated by the Chief Minister in the presence of MPSC Chairman LM Sangma, Chief Secretary MS Rao, Additional Chief Secretary RV Suchiang and others.
We know what happened to this party in 1998, the UDP won 20 seats and out of these it has set a record in the history of Jaintia Hills to produce 7 jaiñspong.
Thomas A. Sangma, former Member of the Rajya Sabha and National People's Party from North Tura Assembly Constituency, was elected without any opposition. the opposition has not fielded a candidate.
The reason is that he will not be able to deceive the world during those 1000 years of reign of Jesus Christ here on earth.
Shillong: The Block Level Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) Ranikor on Saturday decided to join the UDP. Robertson Basan as Secretary, Blosswell Lyngkhoi, Somor Sangma as Vice President, Fairlin Myrthong and Everson Marak as Assistant Secretaries, Brosstar Pariong and Sales Sangma as Public Secretary, Neverjone Thongni as Organizing Secretary and Bralin Marwein as Spoke Person. .
At present, the people who earn their living from farming and agriculture have suffered greatly.
Speakers included Bah S.Ryngkhlem, Secretary of the Khasi Students Union, Samla Roitre Dkhar, President of the Khliehriat Bar. Members and leaders of the Jaintia Youth Federation, members and leaders of the Union of Waheh Shnongs East Jaintia Hills, members and leaders of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills. Society for Study of Law.
The State Government through the Social Welfare Department on Tuesday donated more than `15 lakh to the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) to fight against the spread of drugs in the area.
During the inspection, it was found that the construction of the building is still pending and has not been completed.
However, at any time, you don't have to leave the house without a permit or car pass.
“The investigation is ongoing before charges are filed.
He also appreciated the government officials who worked hard to achieve this construction, of course! It is a complete allocation but without the cooperation of the residents it will not be a beautiful building and the employees will be able to make proper use of the allocation allocated by the Government.
The death toll in the state has risen to 731 with 37 deaths in a single day, the Maharashtra health department said.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) on Tuesday held a meeting on July 14th. , has met with the General Manager of the Food Corporation of India, PN Singh to seek details on the seizure of 1 lakh byrni of rice by the Assam Police. It has been specially designed to reach the people of the State as a whole.
On the night of July 14 and 15, robbers broke into three ATMs in Madanrting, Shillong with the intention of robbing money.
“We don't feel anything to ban them because those who exist now are illegal and have not received the No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the Dorbar Shnong,” he added.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today said that the state government has written to the Ministry of Defense of the Government of India to request for assistance from the Navy. The country has rescued the people trapped in the coal mine at Umpleng, East Jaintia Hills.
The reply of the Symbud Myntri, Bah Prestone Tynsong, “Give me something to eat” reminds me of the words of Marie-Antoinette, Queen of France who insulted and disrespected the raiot (children of thousands) with the sweet and evil words, “Give me the mat eaten by the Kpu” before she was thrown into the Kor Khrai Khlieh.
The KSU in a statement said that the State Pollution Board has done something wrong.
Nongpoh, July 06: In order to provide training to the residents on disaster safety measures, the Upscale Aapda Mitra scheme has been launched. To provide training to the public today to help them know how to help others in case of any tragic incident.
The festival was organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS).
“With deep concern, the KJCLF continues to urge and demand the suspension of the casino and the repeal of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021,” said the statement.
The last days mark the time of the great tribulation that lies ahead of each person and which he must endure.
“The law of the land will stand and judge what is right and what is wrong and I cannot say anything because I am not a court or a judge,” she said.
Parents have begun to threaten their children by offering them many kinds of tools and also frightening dangerous animals such as wolves, elephants and even snaiap.
He said a meeting has been arranged for one day to resolve the Karbi boundary demand in the farmland of the Khasi Pnar people.
The winner will receive a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka while the runner up will receive 30,000 tyngka.
After the Raid Mawja saw the Law Adong, it grew up and from this Law Adong came out the water which the residents of Mawkyrnot could drink abundantly.
East Khasi Hills has 251 cases, West Khasi Hills 13, West Jaintia Hills 9, Ri Bhoi 9, West Garo Hills 8, East Jaintia Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
He was tested positive for covid-19 by RT-PCR.
In the judgment we see a lack.
Even if you are paid or strong, you have a time for everything.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the state government to accept the application of a teacher for a resident with disabilities after the government initially rejected it for that she has not yet received a certificate from the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) to show that she has completed the D.El.
A total of 1,21,311 people have recovered from the disease in the past 24 hours.
Confirming this, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that there is no longer any distrust.
The Rapporteur of Indigenous Peoples to the UN also promised to bring their concerns to the attention of the UN. Wekoweu Tsuha from Nagaland also gave a talk on the topic of traditional food and how to improve it.
They've been drinking alcohol..." said Kong Lumspah.
In the 2018 elections, the ADR said that out of 370 candidates, 152 were crorepati.
Such things put the small nations at risk and threaten to be overwhelmed by the large nations.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the statement of the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma against the NPP party is only an election campaign in which the NPP candidates. also criticized other parties.
The HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi said that the PMGSY road from Patharkhmah to Warmawsaw has been completed by the contractor only from Patharkhmah to Mawskeithem. and Moses was warm.
He welcomed the audience by praising the traditional musical instruments of Shillong and Meghalaya, and stressed that the music industry will not disappear in this area.
There was no rainfall in these three places yesterday and today.
This is where God said – “But in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men” (Matthew 15:9).
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong has requested the residents who intend to travel by vehicle into Lawmali to stay temporarily with the Durbar until the cleanliness drive is completed.
In a letter sent to the Minister of PWD (Buildings), Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, National Spokesperson of AITC Saket S Gokhale said that this incident shows that there is not only a delay but an attempt to deceive. The Government and the people of Meghalaya have been affected by the collusion between the contractors which has shown that there is a violation of the rules.
Shillong: The State Government has taken action to fight against drugs and has worked hard to arrest drug traffickers.
He said that there are about 15 lakh people in the state.
Others who attended the event included the Rangbah Shnong of Huroi, Bah Golden, the Secretary of the Village, Bah Raja L Suchen, prominent figures of the area such as Bah Daya Lamare, Leaders of this sports club, elders, youth of Huroi village and others.
In this regard, the union said that many of the families are from poor families and demanded that the Department/Government should provide compensation to those families who have been affected by the floods. the death of their cows as a means of assistance and protection from the authority of the Government.
He also admitted that he may be short as a human being, but he has not yet met the foundation of the nation.
On the roads, Mukul said that this department is the most important department that the government has taken forward and therefore, it has cut 20 percent of the budget from other government departments last year because it wants to to deposit the money in this department.
The NPP has expressed its concern over the impact of the curfew in Garo Hills.
The announcement has prompted Muslims in the village to go to the bank and from 20th to 22nd July 2020, many of the residents of the village have withdrawn. They have withdrawn their money from the bank and the total amount is T.4klur.
Besides the compensation, the government should also pay for medicines and all the expenses of treatment.
Tourism is one of the industries that the Government has announced from time to time that it will take steps to turn it into a factory industry to employ the youth in the state so that they do not rely solely on in Government jobs but that they can stand on their own feet by this job.
At the same time, Justice Sen directed the complainant to maintain the same discipline as other members and to follow the rules of the village and the dorbar.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20: The strike of the employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has been extended to nine months from June to March
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has started closely observing the party's decline in other states across India especially in the North East.
The party also vowed that the Prime Minister and the MLAs of Garo Hills should take responsibility for the bomb blast in the coming days.
The Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) has sent a letter or show cause notice to the Principal of the school regarding the permission of the students to play the song. of a political party on the occasion of Teachers’ Day.
Samran said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has explained that there is a company in Marten which cleans the garbage and converts the garbage into wealth, and the Shillong Municipal Board has also taken measures. roads to transport plastic to factories to reduce waste generation in Marten and to reduce treatment.
Kitborlang Marbaniang, the fourth son of Bah Synshar Nonpyndah and Diona Marbaniang, left home on the 17th of this month to visit with his childhood friends. He was arrested in a house a few kilometers away from his home but did not return home until his body was found on the evening of the 18th of this month. The house of the neighbors with the signs of the house in the mirror.
According to the survey, the students of various schools said that they have been ordered to bring all the documents to school and if they forget to bring even one subject, the teachers will punish them. punishment or even expulsion from the classroom (punishment).
“Bahnah, it's not right for us to leave too late.
The National People's Party (NPP) Leader and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the NPP is neither an importer nor an exporter. to political leaders.
Jowai, Nailur 18: The Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. on the 23rd and 24th of this month.
He also spoke on the MCCL in terms of roads, to have projects to preserve the ancient buildings, to have testing centers for various diseases in Laitlyngkot and Sohra so that the public can be safe. They don't need to go to Shillong among other things.
Therefore, she said that the reason for launching this scheme is to raise awareness on the need to preserve the forests through the assistance or cooperation of the residents together with the government authorities. The scheme will benefit many if the people use it properly.
Nongpoh, July 19: The Home Science Association of India (HSAI), Tura Chapter in collaboration with the College of Post Graduate Studies in Agricultural Sciences, Umiam, Ribhoi today concluded the The 35th Biennial Conference of the University was held at the Auditorium Hall of the University, ICAR Umiam, Ri Bhoi District.
Two of the busiest stations of the Delhi Metro services, the Yellow and Blue, were also affected.
“With the heavy traffic and with the lack of efforts to widen the road and lack of parking spaces, this problem seems to have no immediate answer," the court said.
“This disease has taken away many lives of people who have a close relationship with us.
Who, then, loses and who gains? A wise people should not judge carefully and should decide how to accept or reject what is right.
An earthquake measuring 6.2 on the Richter scale struck the eastern Philippines on Tuesday, the US Geological Survey said.
South Korea has reported 120 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 7,869 and 66 deaths.
To check mynder is still possible, when parking cars.
On the other hand, the union would like to thank the Principal of School I for allowing the union to participate in this short program and especially to the students who have taken part in the tree planting. victory on this day and especially to create a fire that can bless mankind on this earth.
The Minister also acknowledged that the victim works as a security guard with the company in charge of the construction of the Umïam Stage I River which is ongoing.
The training was on the theme of Avoiding child marriage which affects health.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced a new scheme for the government to assist students at the higher levels.
The All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) has taken up the issue with the Government of India.
“It would be helpful if there were military teams to search vehicles around the area so that they could search suddenly military vehicles, which were not searched by the police”.
The increase in the price of commodities in the state has been witnessed from time to time and this has affected the people especially when the daily needs of the households have increased which they cannot afford. I don't want to turn away from you, but I don't want to buy even if you don't have a job.
Another thing that makes this village famous is that the cultivation of Sohñiamtra is clean and healthy and can be obtained by calling the Secretary of the village, Bah Niewkor Nongrum by phone 6009278949 but this year it is not available. Sohñiamtra because the flowers of the niamtra tree were destroyed by the strong wind in the month of June-June.
At the rally, Rahul was riding a tractor, but his seat was covered with sofas.
New Delhi: A question has been raised in the Bihar Civil Service Examination, “Whether the Governor of the State is the only one who obeys the political system of the State. India, especially in the State of Bihar.
She appealed to the public to support the film 'Johkhe.com' which is currently being released at Bijou Cinema as the film is spoken in Khasi language which is understood by everyone.
He said he had talked to Sarma several times in the past two days and there will be talks in the coming days to ensure that there will be no tension. there is an argument of superiors on both sides.
According to Bah Bur Khongtyngkut, the damage occurred at 4 pm and the storm also destroyed the two houses. Umtyrnga Border Area Secondary School, electrical signs and post lights were also destroyed.
In a statement, he said that they formed the party 29 years ago on the basis and it is on the basis that they will stand up to fight. and this made them easy to surrender.
Speaking as the Chairman, Dr. DD Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner Sports, GoM, congratulated the Shooting Association of Meghalaya on the resumption of the championship after being suspended due to the outbreak of coronavirus.
A year is 360 days. 3 and a half years is 1260 days + 30 days = 1290 days according to Daniel 12:1
Everyone has their own followers who like the kind of music they sing.
The first semi final will be played between Meghalaya Police FT and Pay For Right Football Academy at 11:30 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium.
Therefore, what is before the present leaders is to look back at the past 50 years especially on the two issues of the border and employment.
Shillong Lajong FC played against GFC Border Bhutan in the fourth pre-quarter match of the match. for both the camps had their strength to bring the victory.
He also urged the Catholic Fathers from the four parishes of Umden, Nongpoh, Byrnihat and Umkadhor Parish to participate in this competition. They will go back to their homes to teach others that they need to know the responsibility of parenthood and also to have that responsibility from home, in the church and even in the community.
Her husband and children had to flee because they were threatened with death.
“When asked whether the two MLAs have sent a message to the party, Pangniang said, “The two MLAs (the party MLAs) have sent a message to the party. within the party, to respect them, to respect them and we have no objection if they have any mistakes and our duty of the party is only to correct them.
It means that God speaks to people today by the Holy Spirit, and it is dangerous to resist the Holy Spirit of God.
Question Hour- Por Pyrthew The first occasion in the session of the Legislative Assembly which is set aside for questions and answers immediately within the hour allotted by the time.
The Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), Gurjit Singh, on 20th June 2013, alleged that some robbers had thrown stones at the Harijan residence in Them Metor. The residents of this area have come out in large numbers to protect and defend their homes.
However, the government's intention to cancel the examination even after the examination is an insult to those who apply for this post, which is a lie.
When he was sick, she would go and comfort him.
Nongpoh, June 14: Thousands of fish from small to large have been stranded in the waters of Wah Byrnihat. It is not known whether it was caused by the smuggling of drugs by the robbers or by the smuggling of drugs by the factories near the river.
Far from the banshot! At that time, the wealth you have, the land you have will become only a memory and will be a terrible crime that will have no forgiveness in the sight of the man of God because it has been destroyed. and they were filled with joy in the land.
The Seng is angry and sorry for this and we urge our rulers, whether you donate or sell at auction, please give your land, don't give the land of the country and the nation. ," he said.
He said that these allegations have been spread to destroy the trust of the people but now he said that the MUDA issue has been resolved and the government has handed over to the district councils to look after the construction. “It has been handed over to the District Councils to give permission to build houses, it is up to them,” said Bah Ronnie.
According to information received by Rupang, after the expiry of the 45 days term of office of Bah Syiemlieh which ends on the 15th of November, the KHADC may extend the term of office of Bah Syiemlieh to seven days. month.
The speaker said that if the people do not elect Bah Shylla this time it is like electing leaders to lead them to Sodom and Gomorrah.
Shillong, July 11: The Police Department has denied the allegation by the HNLC that it is opposed to the peace talks between the HNLC and the government.
Awards were also distributed to all the winners from different schools who took part in the environmental programs in these two villages.
“Now they have cleaned up all the damage and the construction of the foundation has started, and now they have ordered or purchased the necessary materials and soon they will arrive at the “This place and to start improving them,” said Bah Tynsong.
The new MLAs of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly from the Khasi and Jaintia constituencies are as follows:
Seven decisions were taken at the meeting, which was chaired by the President, Rayonald Kharkamni. The meeting opened with the General Secretary, Michael Kharhunai presenting the annual report. 2021-2022 and to read about the work that the association has done and served in the Ri Bhoi area in terms of encouraging the youth to love cricket.
There he was alone in a dark place until the end of the 1000 years.
He said that all the expenses for the event have been collected from the drivers and others who have the willingness to contribute.
According to information received, the festival in Sohra will be held according to the culture of the Khasi.
However, when asked about the issuance of work orders to the PDF candidates, Bah Pynshngain denied that he had any knowledge of this, as they may have a relationship with the Rangbah Shnong.
In a statement, the Environment Secretary of the party, Bah Fillbert R Shullai, said that the party hopes that the people will cooperate for the welfare and benefit of the future generation.
“We don't point fingers at anyone but we want the truth to come out of this incident,” said the wife of Bah Marbaniang.
On the maximum payment of coal traders to the Ministry of Mines, Ma Balious, said that the maximum payment will reach T.10 to T.15 crore across the state. is because the time at which merchants claim the supply is more than what the goods actually have in stock and therefore the number is higher, the quantity of goods and therefore the tax, is more and which is in the hands of the State Government.
The chief guest on the occasion was Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Brief speeches by Ramkumar S, IAS, Mission Director, NHM, Dr. H Lyndem, DHS (MI) and Sampath Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Health and Family Welfare.
Ma Balius also strongly condemned the NGT's shocking action, saying, “NGT is playing with the people and values ​​our State”.
He said that we have to take steps to free the North East from drugs and floods and strengthen the monitoring of water related activities through the NESAC. We can attract tourists and strengthen the supply of drinking water and water for agriculture.
The film was released at the same time as Uri – The Surgical Strike and The Accidental Prime Minister, but it is still the most popular film.
Mr. Tanlum K. Kharai, Secretary of Mawbidong Village.
HH Mohrmen who began by explaining the difference between mass media and social media.
The packets of Maggi were broken when they stopped.
The Serie A club have recently sold goalkeeper Andre Onana to Manchester United and released Samir Handanovic.
They were arrested by the Municipal Department but after seeing that these vendors in front of the RB Store were shouting, they came with a group of them to look around and said that if the Municipal allows these others, “How can others be allowed, we are not allowed, if they allow these others, we too will sell,” said Goldy Warjri, leader of the other. a group of market vendors.
Speaking at a rally at Mawkyrwat Market, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, said that other political parties are afraid of the VPP because of the people's support for the party. every meeting.
In fact, the executive committee of the AIFF, which met last month, announced that the tournament is scheduled to be held from November next year. LFC is expected to be one of the clubs to compete in this tournament.
" Niakha didn't speak again.
In the Roman Empire and first century Jewish society, women were inferior and were treated only as property and had no rights, voice, or participation in society. religion, culture lymne state.
The Minister said the state government has also passed a housing act in which all government buildings and hospitals should be built where people with disabilities can walk.
In the follow-up to the reporter, it was learned that besides these three houses which were suspected to have been burnt down, there were also several houses which were burnt down, but they did not burn down. He said that such incidents in the area are not new but have happened from time to time.
Shillong: The Congress party today said that it will not seek permission to meet Union Home Minister Amit Shah on his visit to Shillong.
There are 10,147 Non-Regulars of whom 4676 are males and 5471 are females.
“The North East needs jobs.
The union urges the government to implement its rules and regulations for government officers whether they are police chiefs or officers working in other departments, that they should be in anywhere they work for less than 2 years.
Even today, when I visit different villages, the women say that it is difficult for them to go to the Health Sub-Centres or Primary Health Centers (PHCs) because most of the time there are no doctors. , when you write medicine, you have to go outside.
Auspicious Lyngdoh was confirmed as President, Chester Myrthong as Working President, Marpherstar Babai as General Secretary and others while on the youth side, Sainbok Kharsahnoh was confirmed as President. , Franky Thabah as Working President, Pynkhrawbor Lyngdoh as General Secretary and other members.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the district police said that the family members lodged a complaint on the 11th of this month.
At present, it has caused a lot of trouble to the people of Maweit area, especially those who are seriously ill.
Damewanhi L Rymbai as the chief guest launched the vehicle at a meeting held at the Community Hall of Khliehriat West.
Dr. Evarist Myrsing, the BJP candidate from Mawhati Constituency, has been elected as the BJP candidate from Mawhati Constituency. The support of the elders and the people has encouraged him to continue working hard for the victory from Mawhati Constituency.
However, according to a complaint lodged by the family members of the girl on the 4th of this month at Mairang PS, it was said that these youths raped the girl three times.
The Government has immediately appointed those doctors who have passed the examination.
The relatives have raised T.6 lakh by auctioning all their pigs, goats, cows and other livestock. The money was deposited by these rebel groups in the outskirts of Shahlang.
However, the Central Government has continued to revive the customs station through its announcements in 2005 and 2010 and the customs station in Bangladesh is known as the Dalura Land Custom Station.
This was announced by Bah BK Samiam, General Secretary.
While casting the vote, the HSPDP candidate said that the people should elect their leader with wisdom and not with feeling.
There are some soils that have changed from the rocks inside them.
Some families who have brothers and sisters who are studying have lost their old books and have had to buy new ones.
The incident happened at 6:54 pm when a 12 wheeler truck collided with an Alto 800 and collided with an oncoming truck. from the opposite side.
Speaking at the 31st General Conference of the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MTTEA) held on 29th November, 2014 at Lady Keane College, Prof Laloo said that for this reason, education in the state has improved. fierce competition and this is the rise of knowledge.
However, through training from the Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Upper Shillong and others, she has now been able to produce her own beverages from krai.
We will experience the heat of the sun and the brightness of the sky, especially after sunset.
Burnley have not scored a single point since returning to the Premier League.
This protest of the drivers and any organization is very wrong in my opinion because they have not thought carefully about what will happen to the public in the taxi fare increase. We who are poor and suffering from the increase in the price of umphniang have taken such a decision without thinking.
Scientists around the world say that the virus spreads from one place to another, by passing from one person to another and say that the second is now spreading faster than the first .
The post-mortem was conducted at Khliehriat CHC and the body was handed over to the relatives today.
Shillong, July 03: A young man from Mairang Mission village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, has lost his life after being hit by a truck (ML-04 D 1408). He was hit by a car while he was suddenly on the side of the National Highway-44E while he was shopping with his father.
Donlad Diengdoh scored the first goal after Nikelson Bina's corner kick escaped.
According to the order of the High Court, all meat shops including those selling beef, pork and beef should no longer slaughter meat but should build separate fences so that it will be beautiful and clean to avoid many diseases where they are no longer allowed to be as before but they must do as directed by the government.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, on 1st July 2022, regarding the smart meter. The HYC has not received any proper explanation from the Symbud Myntri.
Up to 217 candidates who have contested the MLA elections this year have lost their security deposit or money which they had to submit to the Election Commission of India (ECI) during the do not enter the name.
According to MN Reddi, Chief Superintendent of Police, the fire spread quickly due to the flatness of the area and the strong wind. before this happened.
It also advised online and social media, including those who provide, distribute and publish online advertisements, not to publish such advertisements in India or to target the people of India.
The match was attended by a large crowd of people who filled the area around the stadium in the presence of the elders of the area.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Central Government has implemented a new sugar distribution system since
“Ka seng expresses its deep sorrow over the increase in the number of mynder in this area and which has led them to destroy or snatch the income of the land owners who earn their living by working but now the number of mynder “The General Secretary of HNYF Mawshyrut, Bah Evening Nongsiang, said in a statement.
But the Apostle Paul cried out, “I command you, Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of you.”
Therefore, I will also submit a report and discuss these issues and it is the right thing to do,” said Tudu.
On the other hand, the WJSU said that it does not agree that such committees should be at the Subdivisional level as this will not bring about harmony between the Border Guard Force and the residents on the border.
According to the Civil Hospital Shillong, 63 people have been injured including 23 women.
Thus, it means that the increase in the wealth of thousands of individuals whether individually or by a single business organization is the idea of ​​capitalism.
The blood donation will also be held in Shillong on 21st May 2014 at NEIGRIHMS hospital.
On the other hand, Prestone explained that the purpose of registering the people sitting on the square is to get information on their population, so that the government can provide land for these people. people who seek money do not sell goods in the marketplace.
“On the decision of the President to run the party, I don't want to say anything because it will be up to him because he has his own power to decide in relation to the party. However, in the case of the CLP, Bah Pala has no authority to take any decision”.
More than 700 medals were awarded to the young athletes who won titles in various sports.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some MLAs in the MDA government said that they are aware of this news but they don't know where the prime minister will take the seats to give to the PDF MLAs who have come to join the party. NPP. Because they know that this is the reason why he will give a cabinet post to these MLAs of the PDF whether it is Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA Mawkynrew or Gavin Mylliem MLA Sohra.
Conrad also criticized the Voice of People Party (VPP) leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit for leaving the House without waiting for the reply of the Prime Minister.
“Now the discussion is over,” the Supreme Court said through a hearing by Justice Ashok Bhushan.
Shillong, July 20: The residents of Mawmuthoh village today turned to the MeECL office at Lumjingshai to demand that the department should install another transformer in the village and reconsider the increase. and he went down from heaven to earth.
GRC Girls Nongpyndeng and Mawkadiang FC won the 2023 Under-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 at Nongstoin Block on Thursday.
According to the order of the SDO, no person from the six villages is allowed to trade in the border trade while the containment areas order is in force.
The MRDSTA leaders also informed that a meeting will be held in October 2024 in Garo Hills to discuss these issues and if the Government remains silent, the retired teachers will not hesitate to come forward and hold a meeting. the struggle even in the midst of old age.
In fact, we have called for talks to talk here but they have not responded.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The National Institute of Fashion Technology, Shillong on Saturday launched the two-day Spectrum 2023 with a fashion show and other programmes.
Shillong: NPP MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar and HSPDP MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar together with UDP leaders today campaigned in Laitkynsew and Mawlong to urge the people to support them. UDP candidate Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem for the mid-term elections from Shella Constituency to be held on the 21st of this month.
Shillong, Lber: The Courtyard by Marriott Shillong is pleased to announce the opening of Spectra, a new and state-of-the-art restaurant open 24 hours a day.
The talks between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya will be held tomorrow (Saturday) at the State Guest House (Koinadora), Khanapara, Guwahati at 1 pm.
“I and Bah Arden M. Basaiawmoit, MLA, will leave it to their discretion how to resolve this issue,” he said.
“They tried to find a house but couldn't find it, they couldn't find it anywhere else, they couldn't find it anywhere else, they couldn't find it anywhere else.
The Ri Bhoi People's Council (RBPC) will hold its full name on the 17th November 2023 at Nongpoh, which is also the 188th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh. who was a hero of the nation who fought against the French and who gave his life for the freedom of the nation from the British rule.
“The State Government has approved the Meghalaya Mines and Minerals Policy, 2012 with the aim of bringing about modern mining with due regard to the protection of the environment, soil, health and safety of the people who mine and surround the parks,” said Dr Mukul on Tuesday.
From 1998 to 2013, he served in the Cabinet Secretariat of the Government of India and was deployed abroad twice from June 2003 to November 2006 and from June 2010 to November
Kaba is eh bah.
There was also a dance performance on top of the hill, and the people flocked to thank and bow down on the consecrated altar.
This Balipara barley is a variety called 'naked' because the scope of the symboh does not hold the symboh firmly like other barleys.
The dorbar also said that the statement by the brother of the victim through social media is untrue, unfounded and misleading and at the same time affects the dignity of the victim. The residents of Lawsohtun.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 577 and the death toll has risen to 1,6
The Minister visited the area to inaugurate the website of the Kur Buam Tourism Promotion Society and also to inaugurate the Kudengrim Tourist Spot, located at Kudengrim Village.
Furthermore, the correction of incorrect names, the removal of voter names which have moved away and especially the linking of EPIC with Aadhaar Number.
"Because of this country, the Dkhar Bengali has not owned it since 1936, read the book "The Union of the Khasi Hills" by E.M.R.Syiem; that the Dkhar Bengalis also proclaimed publicly in 1936 and they shouted: “Shillong is ours.
He has a desire to provide various schemes to the people of the constituency and to find ways and means to provide employment opportunities to the educated youth in various fields, not just in government jobs. , but through various assistance including skill development training to enable them to stand on their own feet.
There were young people at that time who followed hand in hand with the leaders of the Hills State and those who lived around here and there. all these things.
Criticizing the Minister of Education, Bah Mayborn said, “Every time Bah Lahkmen when asked by the media, he says that the Government is still considering.
The U-14 Girls Inter District Cricket Association (T20) 2023 opened the tournament on Tuesday at Nongpyndeng, West Khasi Hills.
“With thanks to God, I would like to inform you that Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli, Apostolic Nuncio, has informed me that Pope Francis has appointed Rev. Fr. Wilbert Marweiñ, Parish Priest of “Divine Savior Parish, as Bishop of the Diocese of Nongstoiñ,” said Most Rev. Victor.
In June alone, 90,000 people have died and 80 lakh have been infected across the country.
“It was never thought that Ainam would get the third place, even in the midst of difficulties like this,” she said.
Cynthia Mylliemumlong scored two goals (24', 26') while Dakini Shylla (35') and Marbarin Nongrum (70'+2) scored one goal each.
Dr. Pakynteiñ has also visited Nepal, Bangladesh and other neighboring countries to treat people abroad.
He was also arrested in 2019 in Texas and has been out on bail.
I’ve written about this point many times, because it’s really dangerous, after studying it extensively.
The SP Traffic said that on his way from 7 mer to Nongthymmai, there may have been a temporary traffic jam.
Shillong, Nailar 16: To mark the 76th Independence Day of India, Bah Michael Kharsyntiew on Tuesday visited the children who have been raised and cared for at the AW Thomas Girls Home Orphanage. The meeting was held at the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, was also present at the meeting which was attended by Congress women from all over Garo Hills.
The former leader of the rebel group, who has made peace with the government, said that only the District Councils can talk about the issue. also to issue laws and regulations to say do this or don't do that and the government needs to study the history of the indigenous people.
This is a change from the TMC's statement six months ago that the Garo will rule the Garo Hills and the Khasi will rule the Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh: A large crowd of people from Umroi Nongrah, today visited the VEC Pond in Umroi Nongrah, in order to explain to the public, about the death of u Bah Baiateilang, Rangbah Shnong Umroi Nongrah, who has been accused by some of the elders of the village, of attempting to steal the Pung Shnong of the village, has been arrested.
The list of shopkeepers for registration is now available from the office of the Chief Executive Officer, Shillong Municipal Board, and through the Shillong Municipal Board website ( smb.
“Let this effort of this game strengthen the relationship," he said.
From time to time we have but it shouldn't be 6 or 7 hours a day, and that's a big deal.
“This is part of the demand for ILP in the state,” said Heiplanmiki Tariang.
The approach road was funded by PWD(Road), the auditorium and classrooms were funded by NEC and the renovation of the existing building was funded by RUSA.Shillong. March 27: The 157 teachers who have been dismissed in the past few years, will stage a protest on the 31st of this month in front of the MBoSE office. They didn't know the reason, but they said that they were the teachers.
There are democratic countries in which the people have the right to recall any leader who has done anything wrong or has done anything that the people do not like that leader to do.
He also thanked the management of the school for their hard work in providing education to the children of the area, although they have to use an old school building.
However, for now, it has to send to PHCs and CHCs which have too few doctors and after that, it will send to other health centres.
I also felt that I was a worthless person, whether in the family or in society.
In Manipur, except for the Municipal areas in Imphal, the entire state was declared a disturbed area in 2004 and the Act has been in force ever since.
Mawkyrwat, July 02: Following the incident in the past few days where there are signs of the disease in animals such as cows and pigs, T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, said: Today, July 2, 2023, he invited to his office, the groups of cow and pig farmers in Mawkyrwat market and also doctors from Animal Veterinary & Husbandry, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat.
Nobody wants to come to Shillong to study because of its reputation,” said Marak at the 55th Anniversary of School Teachers in the country at the Soso Tham Auditorium today.
The 24-year-old, the fifth of 40 children of Kong Siplinda Marbaniang, resident of Pdengshnong, Umlyngka in Upper Shillong, has been able to showcase his talent from the beginning. He defeated the opponent in the Super Fly Weight category of 52 kilos.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, today announced that the Shillong Market and the Umsning Market in Ri will be closed on the 7th of this month. -Bhoi and urged all the market dwellers to attend the dorbar which will be held at 11 pm at Polo Ground.
Meanwhile, those who oppose said that this issue is very serious as it could affect the ethnic differences between the Khasi Jaintia and the Garo.
The residents of more than 50 villages under the Meghalaya Rural Bank Seinduli Branch have been unable to withdraw or deposit money from the bank due to its closure for more than six months.
He denied that there would be any complaint or disagreement over the decision of the High Command not to hold elections in Tura and said, “There may be complaints from the party members but we will resolve if don't like that".
“To khie, that's right, don't be late...” said Kmie. Rida also left immediately.
The names of the players are Gurmeet Singh, Dheeraj Singh Moirangthem, Sumit Rathi, Narender Gahlot, Deepak Tangri, Amarjit Singh Kiyam, Samuel James Lyngdoh Kynshi, Rahul KP, Abdul Rabeeh Anju-kandan, Ayush Dev Chhe-tri, Bryce Miranda, Azfar Noorani, Rahim Ali, Vincy Bareto, Sunil Chhe-tri, Rohit Danu, Gurkirat Singh and Aniket Jadhav.
The match will be played between Sabahmuswang and Moosyiem Shangpung at 12 noon on Tuesday.
On Tuesday, a Puja Pandal in Umsning escaped a petrol bomb blast.
If the company is allowed to mine from this area, it will surely affect the wildlife in the rivers and Narpuh forest as well as the health of the people living near the mine.
This is because the farmers are being charged too much price by the buyers and they cannot keep the price and most of the time when they go to sell their produce they have to ask for the price. from the traders so the income is uncertain and thus to unite the farmers they have gathered and marketed their produce themselves.
He said that if it is true that there is an opening of timber factories, it is the duty of the government to close down these factories as it is under its jurisdiction.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lastborn Shangpliang. The meeting was attended by the elders, women and youth.
He urged to follow the example of the Rangbah.
It was then that they began to suspect that some people had come to steal cows from the neighboring villages.
There were 12 participants including 80 men in singles, 40 in doubles, 10 women in singles, and 6 boys in doubles.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The absence of government employees at the Secretariat and Additional Secretariat due to the blockade of offices by the political parties has angered and shocked the Minister in charge of Secretariat Administration, Deborah Ch Marak. report to the Prime Minister on this.
India has played a major role in the development of multi-member institutions such as the International Solar Alliance (ISA).
According to the Anand Marriage Act 1909, there is no place for divorce.
NPP leader Conrad Sangma has won the South Tura constituency against BJP MDC Bernard Marak and others.
Dr.P.Shylla, Incharge Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Centre, in her speech, said that blood is essential in the life of a person. who needs it quickly.
The reasons for the division of households are not due to the race and do not depend on the woman alone or on the man but on the two husbands, mutual respect, trust, love one another.
According to a source, the seriously injured man was identified as Domenic Wahlang, who is also the new Sordar Shnong of Langpih. in the supervision of the King of Ships.
We don’t think it’s bad to like songs whether they’re political or otherwise.
She hears her Dad coming.
F.B.Susngi, I am pleased to express the manner of removing and revising the sections and chapters in Class – IX (nine) and Class – X (ten), by removing the chapters ahead of those which we have already removed. home assignment, but we have not been able to provide explanations to the students during these times of lockdown, especially to the students in the rural areas. online teaching has not yet been fully implemented.
The party will take steps to lead the paradoh parasnam to settle and build houses on Government land across the country and especially here in Shillong,” said the party.
Amebalaker is in class X at OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School, Mawlai, Shillong.
He said that the surprising thing is that after the burial of the body, the order came from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, that those who took part in the burial of the body must to stay in Home Quarantine.
All markets and shops will be closed at 9 pm.
“I feel like I see my own sad face, when I see, that they are crying and that is why I am against the work of the BJP. Muzaffarnagar in chaos, Gujarat in chaos, UP in chaos and Kashmir in chaos and this has destroyed the country,” he said.
The JAC is surprised at the demand to close down the factories in Shahlang, which has just appeared recently and has not been completed for less than 10 years. The factory has been located on the banks of the Riwiang River for more than 10 years and is larger than those in Shahlang. 90% of the employees are foreigners. atoskhana produces smoke.
If it were as it is now, even the police would have been able to curb these crimes.
The HNLC said that the prosecution of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) against illegal youths is wrong.
She also urged the people to implement the WE card and MYE Card only after six months after the formation of the government and the families of the women will receive 1000 tyngka per month.
On the other hand, the Vice Chancellor has asked for a decision to dismiss him within a day or two, said the General Secretary of the KSU NEHU Unit.
At present, from Ummulong West Jaintia Hills to Mawryngkneng village in East Khasi Hills, many debris flows have been seen on the road. Drivers should avoid these roads, as it is known that this road NH-6 connects many states of the North East.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma said that there are many activities of the Government to help those living with HIV/AIDS. The High Court has urged the State Government to formulate the rules and regulations relating to the mining of coal with modern technology, including the transportation and coloring of coal after knowledge. he is the wisdom of the age.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 5: As part of the development of the skills of the residents of West Khasi Hills, to bring them closer to the employers, to become the beneficiaries of those residents. The Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSDA) today launched a two day program at New Nongstoiñ Village Square.
Because if the authorities do not enter, there will be peace between the indigenous people and those other ethnic groups who have lived and grown up in this state,” he said.
Because these are the medicine to protect us from the disease.
Police said that the robber, who is also the father of the child, had invited the child to play with her family members in Mawsaw village and the child was also unconscious. She has been visiting the village of the parents since the 13th of this month.
In fact, education is a concurrent list between the Government of India and the State Government.
However, there is still a fear that those in the opposition will stir up the MLAs from the ruling party to form a government with them.
(place of isolation) in the quarantine facility There are also certain restrictions or rules. During the quarantine period, you must stay away from your relatives, neighbors and friends. Avoid sharing food and beverages with family members while in quarantine.
Speaking to reporters, Dasakhiatbha Lamare said that he and his officers visited the area after receiving information from the residents who requested him to take action on the incident. and which has made it difficult for the people living in these villages to travel.
According to the Prime Minister, the government has prepared this matter and will inform the central government and after that, it will call for talks with the rebel group from Khasi Hills.
When Jesus saw her weeping, he said to her, “Woman, behold, your son!
He said that these allegations should be brought forward with sufficient evidence and not just allegations as this is in accordance with the law.
According to the 2011 census, the population of Meghalaya is more than 29 lakh.
I don't want to extend my writing because those who read me are more intelligent, so I just remind you. Before concluding, I hope that the people will be intelligent and see far into the future of their future generations.
Shillong Lajong FC have won the Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nonstoin Sport Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC). to beat Ñiaw Wasa 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
According to police, the eight robbers were involved in the murder of the woman in Behalabari village, Khowai district of Tripura.
At that time, Lily's brother tried to get help but Cardona reportedly grabbed the phone from his brother's hand to make sure he could not tell anyone.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Borghat, the Dolloi of Lakadong Elaka, Father Anthony Peter, Father Cresence Roy Laloo (Procurator of Jowai Diocese), Fr. Valen Samson (Parish Priest of Ladlakadong Parish) and Chief Guest Joinriwel Pyrtuh and leaders of various church groups of Borghat.
A Sikh priest, Sant Baba Ram Singh, from Haryana committed suicide in Singhur on the border of Delhi on November 16,
In connection with this incident, police have launched another investigation against Singh's wife, who is an IPS officer, on Twitter allegations against her for not paid the rent to the landlords, the source said.
However, in the last few years, due to the differences of opinion from Delhi, at this time, even here in Meghalaya, it is impossible to know whether the discipline of the Congress will continue. Whether it can be done or not, and if it can be done, in what other way, this will be a drama, which will be interesting to watch in these two and a half years before the state goes to the elections.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: After the resignation of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem from the post of Deputy Chairman, the post of Deputy Chairman has remained vacant till today and this has caused the opposition to suspect that the inability to appoint a Deputy Chairman. The ARPA said that there is a misunderstanding between the ruling party.
The purpose is also to provide training to them to know the manners in their workplace, to know how to be clean and hygienic, to assist and train the employees who have to work in the new technology such as online office work and also to follow up on the assistance of the government to the employees.
The residents urged the Local MLA to take action on this issue so that they can escape from the darkness without electricity.
Perhaps there is no need to explain about Bah Eugeneson, who is one of the most prominent football stars who has represented his country and has been signed by famous football clubs. Shillong Lajong FC, Bengaluru FC, East Bengal and so on.
They also congratulated the MLA for donating T.40 lakh to the school in Mulang Ialong and other development works.
The expansion of the MCL is limited to the production of cement and clinker and no new land needs to be purchased for this purpose.
Nongpoh, July 18: The construction of the 4 Lane Highway in Ri-Bhoi District has been suspended due to the strike by the YFC Company for several months.
We have our own but we don't respect and despise it.
Wansuk Syiem said that as a woman and as a Christian she cannot accept the Holy Rule Day which Modi has declared on Christmas Day which is on the 25th of November. .
In a statement sent by the Asst.General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM), Bah Darmonmi Susngi Dkhar, the party has temporarily suspended the protest after the release of the prisoners. Two leaders, the President of the Sengkmie, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani and Alban Gashnga.
In a statement sent by Roypar Kharraswai, President of the EMRI Workers Union, the Union demanded that the increment, arrear from 2017 and the overtime payment of the employees should be paid first. since March 2011.
We the people speak the truth, look at the spot to find this as it is.
The school at present has 150 students from Nursery to Class VI.
Regarding the border issue, Wailad said that the government has now been able to resolve this issue which has been pending for about 50 years. The distribution of Assam and Meghalaya in the first phase and the second phase will be completed in the next few days.
At the same time, he hoped that the ITI would soon be operational.
The SP also urged anyone who provides information not to worry or be afraid as their names will be kept confidential.
Lieutenant General Abdul Amir al Shammari told reporters that more than 250 militants have been killed in the past few days.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District, this evening at 5 pm, have seized a Renault Kwit (ML 08 E 3848) from the vehicle. kilograms of Ksiar which is estimated to cost about 80 lakh tyngka.
God had prophesied to Moses that God had chosen him from the womb to be the deliverer of the Israelites from Egypt, wow, the wonderful works of God.
The election for the Legislative Assembly of the State is only six months away and the time is still enough for the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War. it is the Khasi people who have to think carefully for the future.
The meeting was led by Babu D.Shadap, speeches by Bah Kliphi Kharbteng and Bah A.Shylla, Headmaster of Seventh Day Adventist English Secondary School. School, Lyngïong.
“It is with great sadness that we inform you that our Rangbah Shnong/President Billu Singh has passed away recently.
He is from the tribe of Syiemlieh.
Two KSU leaders, Ferdinand Kharkamni, President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District and Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Assistant General Secretary of the KSU, Sengkmie, have been arrested by the police. The incident in Ronghona happened on the 27th of last month.
He said that the water from Wahrisa, SMB has been tested from Upper Malki Reservoir, Upper Lachumier Reservoir and 29 reports have been tested from June 2015 to June 2016 showing that it contains a lot of iron and they shall not be used by man.
“We demand that the DC should be removed immediately, because he does not obey the government, unlike other districts,” said Daniel Khyriem, President KSU.
He is known as a healer and is sought after by various government leaders and is one of the political leaders of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
It was a surprise and perhaps a joy for the family, but her husband was sorry that he did not get to see the picture of the body, but he decided to bury it. no, as your own wife.
“The IIT will investigate and inspect not only the collapsed portion, but also the other buildings of the Assembly, from the ground floor, the chambers of the Speaker, the Prime Minister, the Halls and “No time limit has been set for the completion of the investigation, but as soon as possible, they will be allowed to complete a thorough investigation,” he said.
The rally of the RSS in Shillong started at 8.30 pm and ended at 11 pm.
The West Khasi Hills is a rich area in terms of forests and tourist attractions.
There was a woman who lived with her father.
Stephanso Pale, who made his debut for the 11-man squad, scored the first goal in the third minute of the match.
I don't remember whether I published Rupang once a month or twice a month and Mawphor published every day, as soon as it started, but Mawphor published earlier than Mawphor. Rupang and we must remember that these are the only two newspapers, which have been alive for more than 30 years, under the management of the same owner, published by the Khasi.
He said that during the meeting with the EM, he has scheduled a meeting between the land dealers, the dealers association and the Hima Mylliem on the 29th of November at 3 pm.
HANM East Jaintia Hills District General Secretary Shaniahlang said that if we compare the price of coal purchased by cement companies from other states, we get 7,000 rupees per tonne. Cement companies in our state buy cement at a low price so we urge the coal traders to unite and demand that the cement factories should buy coal from the state at the price they buy from others. state because you know better than yourself than those who come from abroad.
RB Leizpig, a club that has been in existence for 14 years, has reached the final of the tournament four times.
Other speakers included SR Paswet, one of the elders of the village and Care Phawa, Secretary of the village.
God wants each person to be a Temple to receive the Holy Spirit of God, says the Word of God.
If you have any questions, please telephone us at +97235226748, or send us an email: cons1
These drug dealers acted as visitors to the patients, carrying empty day bags so that there would be no suspicion among the people, but the people turned away from them. They were arrested with the help of residents who informed the Anti Narcotics Task Force, East Khasi Hills.
By conducting such meetings, it will help school children and residents how to avoid the use of plastic and what are the blessings and benefits if you decide to stop using plastic.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister and Minister of PHE Marcuise Marak also presented the Water Guardian Award for their efforts to protect and conserve water sources.
At Golf Links (the murder of Phershanroy Myrthong), in Ichamati (the bombing of Lurshai Hynniewta by CAA and anti-ILP supporters), at Ghora Line, Laitumkhrah (the shooting of a Khasi youth on his way). ), in Laitumkhrah (in the past few months in foreign countries where a Khasi youth was tied up until he was taken to ICU), in Them Bijoy (the murder of a Khasi youth in foreign countries). you are only because you are a Khasi).
He said that as of now, the state is still sufficiently supplied with food and beverages and there is no need for the railway line. and In Bangladesh.
Those who wish to give their opinions for the benefit of the future of MCCL, whether they are the rulers, private individuals, leaders, public leaders, and others, can call or Whatsapp numbers of Convenors :- Joannes JTL Lamare (96124-82732) & Welborn Bynnud (70054-53709).
In the second half, Sailung Ialong beat Shangpung Lumiawmushai 5-0 goals. Mebakynsai Pale scored the goals for Sailung Ialong in the 40th & 57th minutes. Sandeep Siangshai in the 45th minute, Heibormi Sungoh in the 80th minute and Soniroi Suchiang in the 88th minute.
Ialong Secondary School defeated Jowai Govt.
From this state until his meeting in Delhi, Bah Pynshngain has been criticizing the government for its actions against the people.
Not only that, the pastor said that in the city, the Bible meeting is not held every day, but people hold it every month.
fa@gmail.com before the 10th of April.
On the other hand, the government authorities, seeing the impact of the increase in the price of food items, should not just promise to support the farmers with the assistance of the scheme between 2 and thousand, but the assistance should be very large, which will enable the farmers to fill the entire state.
Mr. Carness also reminded that as students they should be diligent, hardworking, diligent and responsible in whatever they do and not to waste their time in their studies.
GSU President Zikku Balgra Marak said that the Seng Bhalang has blocked the offices of MeECL in all districts and sub divisions of Garo Hills and this will continue from now on.
At the same time, he praised the PHE Department for their hard work and it was through their hard work that they were able to implement the Jal Jeevan Mission and received the Presidential Award on 2nd March. , 2022.
The KSU has alleged that the reason why the KSU has stopped the signboard and road construction in the border area is because the NBCC company which is constructing the border road and the state government have not No compensation has been paid to the owners of the land affected by the construction.
The annual census for children is for those born before 1st July 2012 or after 30th July,
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs and Hima rulers are very important to participate in the hearing.
They demanded that the decision should be carefully considered and implemented in a balanced and fair manner.
Former Miss Meghalaya 2022 Irene Dkhar, who represented Meghalaya at Miss Northeast 2022, has been elected as Miss India Meghalaya Miss Northeast 2022 will be the judge.
The drone was directed by Wanstar Thabah and the editor was Jessie Lyngdoh. The color grading was directed by Apdor Tron.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The market vendors in Iewduh today met with the Minister in charge of the market, Minister Chester Kharkongor after the Hima requested them to sell their goods responsibly without any violence. take too much space from the public road.
Besides the students and teachers of the University, students and teachers of Kendriya Vidyalaya School, NEHU also participated in the event. Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof PS Shukla said that the National Education Policy stipulates the need to learn three languages ​​in the country, the language spoken in India, the language spoken in the region and the language of other foreign nations.
The President of the Knight's Association Kumpanjija-Blato from Croatia, Nicola, expressed her appreciation for the welcome of NEHU and especially for the meaningful support.
Many foreign shops were found without these licenses and the HYC has closed down their shops.
I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it. I'm looking forward to seeing you in Nongstoin. There are only Khasi shopkeepers.
“Action has been taken to curb this illegal activity, and thousands of cases have been registered and thousands of people have been chatsheet and arrested in this regard. “It's a good idea to take all the necessary measures to reduce this issue,” he said.
The Union also said that out of these 43 petrol pumps, only one has been employed by the state residents and it is the only petrol station where the manager is also a state resident.
“If some of the elected MLAs want to join the NPP-led Government, it is our duty to welcome them.
The new law stipulates that if a driver does not wear a seat belt, the fine will be T.1,000 from T.
I will never allow Meghalaya to become the capital of sin, therefore we will ensure that the law is abolished,” he said.
Mawlai SC and Lumparing SC continued their second win in Group-B of the Women's League sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association on Thursday at the Polo Ground.
India launched its Covid vaccination program on 16th July 2021, with the first use of the Covishield vaccine developed and produced by a pharmaceutical company. AstraZeneca and Covaxin.
There are also bad things that have happened in the lives of people because of the sins of previous generations that they have committed on this Earth (Rom. 5:12) or because of the wickedness of others.
When asked whether the Congress will lodge an FIR against the Union Home Minister, Sharma said, “Let them reply to the letter first and only then will we decide what to do.
From the parties to the schools, this song is one that people like to dance.
The deadline for submission of applications is 11.09.2023 to the General Secretary WJDSA.
Shillong: U Khasi Students Union (KSU) President Lambokstar Marngar today said that those who oppose the demand of the state for ILP should leave Meghalaya.
In the past, if you saw children in the village, the elders were there and warned those who smoked so that the evil was less.
Speaking as the President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, urged the people of Umroi Constituency to cooperate with the party for the restoration of the HSPDP. The honor of the Constituency as led by Bah (L) EK Mawlong who has been one of the leaders whom the whole state respects for the great works he has done as a leader of this Constituency.
Who else will look after and run the schools during the training election for all teachers? Are you still there! Why is it that during the training of all the teachers for two or three months, all the schools have to declare a holiday? If there are only principals and vice principals without a few teachers, how can we run schools with hundreds and thousands of students? How can they do whatever they want in school? Is it right to play with the education of the students just because of the election festival? Is it right to send non-teachers to see the children at the time? Do parents want to send their children to school without teachers for two or three months? These are some of the questions that may arise and affect the government's duty to all teachers.
For those who receive less than 1/6 of the votes, the Security Deposit cannot be refunded and remains with the Election Commission.
Shillong, July 15: The Congress in Shella today failed to announce its candidate, although the party held its candidate election meeting today at Saitsohpen, Sohra.
“The majority of suicides, people who feel accepted in society do not commit suicide,” Dr Syiem said.
Poland has not yet identified the shooters, although they have confirmed that it was a Russian missile.
Shillong: The office of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly today sent two statements and the first one was that the swearing-in ceremony of Bah Pius Marwein, MLA, will be held tomorrow at 3 pm. Ranikor at the office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly at Khyndailad, Shillong.
Bible scholars have found that this innovation, new explanation, and relation of Bible accounts to the times in which people lived has helped to read and understand the Bible and especially to reveal it. the symbols of my thoughts and my theology.
Donald Trump also reportedly won South Carolina.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday set up the State Election Committee (SEC) to elect the MP candidate and the candidates for the upcoming MDC elections. next year.
Shillong: The TULBA Umsning, is deeply saddened by the increasing number of cases of rape of women, children, the elderly and the elderly.
Speaking to reporters, Thomas said the Dorbar will last for five days of which three days will be for the discussion of the work of the Government while two days will be for the discussion of the work of individual MLAs.
The Center also produces a type of marmalade from soybeans and sohniamtra.
There are also parents of school children and students who said that if the government does not do anything on this issue, they will not hesitate to go to court and file a PIL against MeECL. In order to address the problems faced by the people due to the increasing power outages in the city.
The Dorbar Shnong approved the establishment of Kymprup Upper Primary School Sahsniang A' in 1998 and the school was established in the small house of the Presbyterian Church Sahsniang. of the school building next to the present school.
It may be recalled that the demand of the GSMC is for the separation of the Garo lands from the present Meghalaya, which is attached to Khasi Jaintia.
“If politics is bad, it is better for us not to vote, not to work anymore, shake hands,” the statement said.
Therefore, through these incidents of garbage on the roads, the Seng Longkmie Mawkyrwat has warned the public who used to park or sit at night on the sidewalks or even on the village roads. From now on, they should no longer park at night because it is not known whether they are good or bad people.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on November 13, 2013, said that the government has decided to promote development in the state and not to participate in “selective development. .
Shillong: U Minister of State for Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling, MLA of Mylliem Constituency, today, while attending the filing of nomination papers for Teilinia Thangkhiew, has slammed the former MLA of Mylliem. Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the former Mylliem Chief Minister has visited Jharkhand and Jaduguda to inspect the mining of uranium while he has not visited the border areas where the Khasi are facing problems.
He said that the top priorities are health, education and most importantly employment for the youth.
Response : you mean shahshkor, answer- shahshkor is not to listen; you are not a shawei; The answer is the word you say according to the question.
The relevant land port in Bangladesh is at Tamabil, in Sylhet district.
However, what has reduced her income is that since the ban on coal mining in the state, her income has declined significantly due to the lack of trucks coming to her shop.
However, why doesn't it work in Meghalaya?
Both fell into sin and death came upon them (God did not appoint death when he created them).
This great Missionary loved the Khasi Hills and composed a song which says: “Ri Khasi, Ri Khasi I love you etc.” Dr.DRL Nonglait in his writing The Souvenir of the 175th Anniversary of the Gospel says that Dr. John Roberts in this song had many ideas when he composed it.
The Behdienklam festival has reached its third day and tomorrow is the fourth day and it will end at the Aitnar Pond.
There have been 4,002 deaths in the past 24 hours, including Maharashtra with 2,619 and Tamil Nadu with
Where do you find such people in our country who accept and give space to others?
Besides healthy food, young people expect and desire that after graduation they will have employment opportunities and jobs so that they can improve their income.
When asked, the Minister said, “We cannot say that they will be able to ring everything but one thing is certain that it will be a strong security tool when these cameras are everywhere. which we shall expand upon later.
“If we have to give anywhere, we have to go through a legal process that will bring peace to everyone.
Jowai, Nailur 18: A 12 tire truck (AS-01-FC 8513) carrying clinker, which was heading towards Shillong Road, has collided with a tire repair shop. The incident occurred at Wahgate on the Jowai-Shillong road near Challam Syngkon Petrol Pump.
This disorder occurs in only 0.1%-0.6% of all types of blood disorders.
Before the closing ceremony, prizes were awarded to the winners of the essay writing, drawing and coloring and slogan writing competitions.
Sinha's remarks came on the affidavit of UDP President and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, NPP Leader and Health Minister James K Sangma. Opposed by Dr Mukul Sangma and others.
While 27,513 students are private students and only 9241 students have passed.
The Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) has urged the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to fight for the immediate recognition of the Garo language in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution.
There should be no law and no one should take advantage of women and the CSWO demands that the government should immediately stop the dismissal of this young woman because it is an abuse of power. officer, added Kong Agnes.
“We have spoken face to face and if NHIDCL and the Government do not take action to build the road, we will file a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court,” said Bah Edmund. “I am speaking clearly to the Government, for three years we have been experiencing the deterioration of roads, the increase in the price of goods, the increase in the price of travel, The affected people who are sick and school children have been injured due to the collapse of the road during the rainy season.
According to the order of the court, the case has been registered at Nongstoin Police Station under Section 345A (1) (i) IPC including Section 7/a of the POCSO Act. The 63-year-old man has been arrested for raping his 12-year-old daughter.
At the same time, the HNLC has proposed to assist the employees of MCCL by paying a monthly salary of up to T.25,000 if they join the struggle of the party.
These bodies were scattered when the soldiers came out.
We must eliminate the differences between the innocent, the pride, the urban, the rural, the religious, the ethnic, and build the capacity for understanding. information is not available.
Shillong: The Acting Chancellor of the Shillong Archdiocese, Fr Jimmy Marngar, today told reporters that the funeral service of Archbishop Most Rev Dominic Jala will be held on Tuesday. 23rd March 2019 at 1 pm at Laitumkhrah Church.
If the UDP suddenly comes to power, perhaps the light of hope from the future may shine, but the struggle to lead may destroy the party to go back to those who have been in power. to be a master.
“This statement came after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the In-charge of Parliamentary Affairs, requested to drop the allegations of Mukul Sangma against the Chief Minister. They also urged the MLA of Songsak not to spread the message through the photographs.
The BJP is trying to take advantage of the political situation to win votes during the elections due to the election of new leaders to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. The year 2023 is almost over and now there are only six months left.
(2) Khasi language :When you leave the district (civil) or your area, you should speak the Khasi language (Sohra language) to your fellow Khasi, you should not speak the Khasi language. Mother's tongue.
The first pages of the Bible are the accounts of the creation of the universe: “In the beginning God created the earth without form and void” (Genesis 1:1). )There was not just one story about the creation of the universe.
There have been 52 recoveries and 4 deaths.
The final ceremony will be held at Lumjingthang, Jaiaw on the 5th of this month at 10:30 am.
The love of money is also one of the things that we don't appreciate what God fills us with and when we drive away, it brings a lot of sorrow.
Nongpoh, Naitung 23: The Umroi MLA and Vice President of the TMC in the state, today slammed the government for taking advantage of the wealthy to mislead the people only during the elections. He also appealed to the people not to be fooled by the rich and before they elect their leaders, they should think carefully.
He passed away on the night of 21st July 2020 at Shillong Civil Hospital, at about 10:15 pm.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to track down the sumo from the Post Office in Nongpoh.
The Regional Committee for Ri Bhoi District will be headed by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong as Chairperson and the members are Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Minister, Transport, etc. Nongpoh Constituency – Bah Jambor War, Executive Member, KHADC (Election) – Member Convenor.
According to Wanshan and Arki, the amateur league will be a football tournament to open the door for small teams or clubs in the country. state to field their teams to compete with other sports clubs in the state.
The buyer of the drugs was identified as Biangbor Nongsiej, 24, resident of Laimer, Upper Shillong.
On the other hand, he urged the leaders of the country to contribute so that we can continue to raise the youth and children of this area, said a statement issued by the statement. u Please Shisha Syiemlieh General Secretary Sorjah Entertainment.
After the clashes with the Karbi in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam, the residents of Lapangap, West Jaintia Hills have now been able to leave their fields peacefully. in the midst of peace with the cooperation of the police forces of Assam and Meghalaya.
Speaking on the hard work of the institute to provide training, he announced the launch of the Data Entry Operator training.
The child has been missing since Thursday (12/03/21) and her body was found on Saturday (13/03/21) at Wah Umbluh Wai. Khyrmi, a place within the border of Dkhiah East.
According to Bah Donkupar Laloo, brother of Heibormi Laloo, his brother and five friends left for Assam on Tuesday.
Replying to the Zero Hour Notice submitted by Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Tynsong said that the purpose is only to arrange for the land owners not to be too busy. It affects the traffic of the people and the movement of vehicles.
The NPP Government Conrad Sangma has been a government that has been too corrupt...according to a report from the Central Government.
The BSF also seized 119 cows, trees, 20 boats, 663 bottles of kyiad and 1850 bottles of siej worth T.33.20 lakh.
The Managing Committee was headed by Pastor WC Khongwir and Secretary by Dr DD Tariang.
After the shooting, he did not go to the hospital but stayed at home and it was after yesterday that he became seriously ill. His mother took him to the Civil Hospital for treatment. Shillong.
The girl was identified by her relatives only through a photograph sent by the police via Whatsapp from East Jaintia Hills to Ribhoi District.
The NGT has also directed the MSPCB to monitor the Coke factories and to conduct inspections to check whether they are complying with the environmental protection rules. .
She said that the land which costs only 45 tyngka per square feet, the MDA government bought, they said that they bought it at 85 tyngka per square feet, this shows that they have sent more than Rs 150 crore. only Delhi.
Bhagwani Devi Dagar, one of the oldest women in the country at the age of 95 and a sports enthusiast, has been able to participate in sports events. He won the gold medal in the discus throw event at the World Masters Athletics Indoor Championships held in Torun, Poland.
The MLFOA will also work with the Ri Khasi Jaintia Farm Group and other groups who are facing difficulties due to these various laws, as well as the need for wood, where the C&RD department of the government through MGNREGA has Thousands of tonnes of stone to complete the construction of PWD road. Shillong: The Meghalaya Baby League has been launched. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today launched the bill at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Bah CB Syiem said that the present government led by the NPP and Conrad Sangma as the Prime Minister is indeed the government that looks after the needs of the people and wants to How can we continue to bring about economic development not only in Ri Bhoi, but in the state as a whole?
Later, the village authorities, when giving the name of the village to the government authorities, mistakenly gave it the name Diengsyiang.
Like his Ministers, Servants, their clothes and the food on their table, she finally opened her heart to say these words, “It was a true proclamation that I have made. I had heard in mine own land of thy works, and of thy wisdom: but I believed not the words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it; tell me.
LYWA Secretary AS Lyngdoh said, “Isn't the twolane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah a gift of UCIL? uranium silence”.
He said that we will have more places that stimulate and touch the heart which make the mind to get many things that build up the mind and spirit.
This is because if there is a crowd of people, the disease can spread quickly and because there are no cases of Omicron in the state, it is still time to start the campaign without affecting the income. court to the people," he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the president of the KSU NKHD unit, said that the ADC has agreed to direct the police to temporarily deploy police in Umtlieh and Madan Umwang, to protect the Khasi people who have in these places from the danger that awaits them, which they are disturbed from time to time.
He said that there are many people from Meghalaya who have represented the country in football and thus to promote this talent in the state, this tournament is held every year.
He urged the people to protect the dohum doh pnat and all the living things along the Myntdu River.
During the period, the Lachumiere-Dhankheti road will be one-way.
It proves this intention that they did during the time of the Governor, until now they have moved to Calcutta, where they have gathered with bsein and people.
He said that besides providing food and drink, the people have to worry about providing rnga to cook and candles to light which has increased the cost of living.
He said that the statements of Congress leader Narayanasamy that the BJP has started to spread religion, Khlur said, “These are statements that show that Congress leader has no responsibility. “If the BJP is promoting religion, we are the first to oppose,” said Khlur Sing Lyngdoh.
This method of identifying the heritage of the past refers only to those goods, objects, structures and tangible objects that can be touched or touched by hand and that cannot be seen with the naked eye.
Last year, I was forced to leave, but it happened this year; My family wants us to continue to stay here, in this house," Messi said.
In football, stadiums and other sports have been destroyed.
He also appealed to all those who attended the meeting especially the drivers to be polite and respectful so that they can avoid traffic jam along the Dawki Amlarem Jowai road as this is the road. important for business and tourism.
Finally, we have to remember that we should not judge anyone unfairly, because we will all be judged one day,” he said.
He said that tomorrow the 2nd of this month the MDCs will visit Wahkaji to see if they have stopped or not and ordered them to remove all their belongings from there, otherwise the KHADC will confiscate them as it is illegal without the permission of the District Council.
If there is any death from this disease, we should help and take responsibility to complete the funeral or cremation together with the government officials, police, church officials without any interference.
Then peace will return to the earth.
Shillong: To mark the 3rd Anniversary of the Seng Hynniewtrep (HITO) today, 1st June 2024, the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has organized a free medical treatment for the children of Khunswet God's Dream Home is available.
Also present on the occasion was Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister.
The collection of revenue by the District Council doesn't benefit anyone because if it doesn't benefit them why don't they apply to pay salaries but until now they only know how to carry a plate to collect money from the Government of India,” he said. added.
SCA managed to score 189/3 from 20 overs.
The Dy.CM was accompanied by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger and leaders of the Central Puja Committee (CPC). ).
Rymbai Wahshnong beat Rymbai Iawpynsin 1-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Tuesday.
The Delhi Government is now hopeful that it will continue to work hard to bring about a clean environment in the city and also to ensure that from now on it will find ways and means to implement the plan. the cleanliness and purification of the air.
Shish you are NATO I am afraid of you.
Symptoms of dyspraxia: People with this disorder have difficulty holding objects.
Treiborlang R Suchen, President of the JSU, said that the government should provide ex gratia to the families of these refugees.
The National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NRPC) has appealed to the High Court against the state government for not receiving hundreds of crores of rupees from the state government. However, the state government has not been able to provide annual electricity supply.
“The last time we wrote to the government was in November this year but this too has not been done,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Kurbah said that this is only in East Khasi Hills District and urged the people to take advantage of this opportunity as the government has given nothing to take a new one only once. to preserve the environment.
On the day of the Dorbar, he came to answer, but he expressed the understanding of the village that he should remove or destroy the cross which he had already built, because it is not beautiful that the stone. from generations past, he will be a stone to be built with a cross, which has no foundation.
Nine rangïakura from the State have qualified and only two have reached the pre-quarterfinal, but they have lost despite showing their skills in the this is the struggle.
As school children at the time of receiving the full state, we understood clearly that the map of our state would be according to the map placed in the textbooks based on the documents. The Government of India has not accepted the hill state.
A commemorative cake was also cut.
Now the villages and towns are at peace because there are no more robbers.
I've been there without going anywhere.
Bah Aiborlang was appointed as the President of the party, the Waheh Shnong of Khanduli was appointed as the Vice-President and a lawyer, Bah Fivestar Suiam was appointed as the General Secretary.
The combination of sohkhia and pudina can provide many benefits.
Thus, the struggle and struggle is still going on from within and from every doorstep, in urban and rural areas.
Before the planting of trees, a short meeting was held with Mr. Damewanhi L.Rymbai, Chairman of the Moolamylliang Biodiversity Management Committee. Lapasam, Waheh Chnong of Sohkymphor Mission, Sevenborn Tang, Ex-MDC JHADC, P. Suiam and Liancy Suchiang, school owners, SMC members, teachers and students.
He said that the students should work hard and succeed in their studies so that they can improve the society.
Langsning FC won the Best Coach, Army FC Best Discipline Team, Bansharai Sun from Jongngi FC, Best Goalkeeper Maitshaphrang Kharmuid from Jongngi FC and Best Palyers. Wallam Nongkhlaw of Jongngi FC won the cash prize of 2 lakh tyngka while Solid Target FC won the second prize. lakh tyngka for the prize.
It is to be recalled that recently the JYF, JSM and the students who lost admission to Kiang Nangbah Government Higher Secondary School turned to the office of the Joint Director to demand admission. to those who have not received class.
The strongest villages in the production of sohniamtra are Umtap, Umyiap, Madan Jaiaw, Mawdiangsnam, Miangbyrkong, Umwahsiang, Langpih, Umbah, Umpha, Dronpara, Umsram and Lawbah.
The Government is aware that there is no illegal land acquisition in Meghalaya which is prohibited by the Land Transfer Act.
Bah Kharkongor said that the monitoring teams have worked hard to monitor and prevent the fraud of voters by distributing money, gifts, alcohol, drugs or any other alcoholic beverages.
He said that the central government from Delhi has invested a lot of money in the development of the region and almost all the states in the North East have increased in economic growth but only Meghalaya is lagging behind. Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland roads are all good, but in Meghalaya they put the money flowing from Delhi, I wonder where the Meghalaya government puts the money sent to Delhi, the money comes “It's not that it didn't come but it was implemented,” he said.
Shillong, July 21: The 44th Anniversary of Meghalaya was celebrated today at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong in the presence of the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma as the chief guest. Minister, Home, Roshan Warjri, Parliamentary Secretary, Tourism, Arts & Culture, Kennedy Khyriem, MLA and Dikkanchi D Shira of the Resources & Employment Generation Council Chokpot, Bluebell Sangma, Chief Secretary, PBO Warjri, Heads of Departments, various leaders and other government officers.
VPP Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Thursday demanded punishment against those involved in extortion through various methods leading to the increase in the price of essential commodities. commodities) in the state.
It has also been a smooth journey and a successful preparation for these players who will take part in various tournaments.
All the winners will be able to lead the Sutnga Presbytery Youth Service to be held in April
India has reported 50,581 new cases in the past 24 hours.
The farmers of Mawreng and Mawkriah are the suppliers of jhur seeds to the Mairang Civil Subdivision and even many kinds of seeds which cannot be obtained from the Agriculture Department. They can be obtained and are of great benefit to many who want to plant jhur bam in the garden.
“The farmers have been blocked and harassed by the police for carrying their produce without proper permits,” he said. they leave their belongings on the street and give them to the police.
This is the view of us the people regarding this reservation policy in the State.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued a timely decision to dismiss the unfounded decision of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government which has seven members. NPP Captain and UDP Vice Captain, on the participation of non-government teachers (govt.
He said the company wants to promote the sport not only in Meghalaya but around the world.
The meeting was to train the youth how to stand for this election to ensure that the party will get power in the state.
Antalya, Turkey, is now preparing to host the 2024 World Athletics Race Walking Team Championships, Coe said. the European Athletics Indoor Championships in Istanbul in the past few days; although the country is in the midst of difficulties and its rockfall due to the sudden storm of Jumai.
He said that this year there are also students from East and West Jaintia Hills Districts from Dawki to Ratacherra and the total number of Class X students who came to be trained is
Due to the crowd, the police from the office of the SDPO Sohra who came to rescue Zareeen had to evacuate the crowd later as she had turned to the place where she was sitting.
Thorkildsen won gold medals at the 2008 Olympics and 2009 World Championships.
As part of the Fruit Diplomacy programme, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in recent days sent 500 kilograms of sohpieng to Tripura Chief Minister Dr. Bead Saha.
The Chief Minister also attended the celebration of Environment Day in Shillong along with students, Dorbar Shnongs and various groups.
They don't know how to play and sing even if they know how to play but they just hang their money on the jamynrei tree.
“We had planned to install a skywalk at one of the places but we have been advised not to implement the work as it will increase the traffic jam while the work is in progress,” he said. speak at the meeting on Tuesday.
And the tip of the iceberg.
Speaking to media, Charles Pyngrope said, “The illegal gates in Mawryngkneng area have been admitted to belong to the District Council, but the District Council does not have the authority to do so. shall set up these gates, but the people suffer, from the resulting of these gates".
Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas, is expected to marry her boyfriend, Nick Jonas, but many people don't know about the beginning of their relationship. Vogue magazine, tells us all about the beginning of her relationship with Jonas.
Lutituber Ialong SC has reached the final of the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament after beating Mukhla Raij SC 1-0 in the semifinal match held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. on the day of Ar.
A special song was delivered by Bah Banteilang Warjri, Member of Shema Shillong, welcome speech by Bah T.Pohshna and blessing by Rev SB Suting.
What is more dangerous and frightening is that the mind and purpose of one's body without consulting the minds of others can go beyond and destroy the foundations laid by our ancestors.
It is worth mentioning that the youth team of the state is the strongest team in this tournament in terms of performance, and it is to be recalled that the state beat Jharkhand 5-3 goals even after led by at least two goals to qualify for the final.
Without literacy we lag behind in many areas but especially in taking the right decisions when we elect legislators.
The HSU chief said that at present the people of the area are facing a lot of problems because there is only Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block which has to provide services to 124 villages. all the functions.
Sachin Koch, a resident of Borjhora village, was riding behind a truck carrying idols at Purakhasia village yesterday. the last shaka, where he died immediately.
Earlier, the Minister and senior officers presented awards to the Wildlife staff for their hard work and also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions held as part of the celebration. Wild Life Week.
He hoped that these MPs from the state who will leave for Delhi, will be able to advocate for the aspirations of the people of the state.
Services have topped Group-A in the Santosh Trophy after a 1-1 draw against Kerala in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Thursday at the Golden Jubilee Stadium in Itanagar.
They said that there was no incident where two of them dropped out of school because they didn't have anything to eat at home.
“I have learned that those women in the BJP, who have husbands, who often meet Modi, are very afraid, because they are afraid that they will leave their husbands. , as Modi has done,” Mayawat said.
On the second day, Jaintia Eastern College will play against Raid Laban College, KL Bajoria College will play against Sngap Syiem College and Thomas Jones Synod College will play against Nongstoin College.
The second match, which started at 3 pm between Umpling SC and Lumparing SC, ended in a draw, after both teams scored two goals each.
Mr. Mit Dkhar (Headmaster of Lahalein Village).
“Security is a matter of grave concern to everyone in the State.
On this occasion, the Seng found that there are foreign workers who do not have any proper documents to prove themselves and who do not even have labor registration as stipulated in the rules of law. There are also employees who have been brought in by these companies who have entered the state illegally, because they don't have a receipt. to verify that you have entered the Entry Point at Umling.
HITO would like to congratulate and praise the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun for this opportunity, which they have taken as part of the prevention of pollution and damage to the environment through this landfill.
“We also point out that there is no clarity on the time of the power outage which has affected many churches.
When the disease starts, it affects the leaves first, and these leaves have blue-brown markings and in the middle they have a dark brown colour.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association (MSP) has concluded the 2nd Meghalaya Open Speed ​​Skating Championship on November 16, 2023 in collaboration with St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School. to St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School.
Syllad.com, which visited Khanduli on Thursday, during a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, Ma Syrti and the village leaders of Khanduli at about 3 pm, received the news. The Karbi people burnt down another house in the lyngka near the Presbyterian Church cemetery and opposite the Assam Police Station.
He said drugs affect the physical and mental health, affect the society, the family and the community as a whole.
Shillong: The KSU Western Border Area Unit (KSU) has demanded that the management of Patharkhmah CHC should open its gates 24 hours a day so that it will not cause trouble to the people.
Mawrathud, Jymmang 05: After a year of preparation, the Catholics of Sohphoh Parish Umsohlait, have concluded the celebration of the 100th Jubilee of the Catholic faith in their village. Kong Ampareen M.Lyngdoh MLA, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, launched the 100th Anniversary Lama of the Catholics of Sohphoh Village today, 4th June 2024, between “Hoi, Hoi, Hoi...” Believers from Mawrathud, Ingsaw, Umtngam, Lumniwar, Tyrso, Ummat and neighboring villages flocked to Sohphoh.
These are people who have goodness from the bottom of their hearts and thus goodness will never escape from their faces.
He said that the government has set a target to build 20 hostels in the rural areas and has already called a tender for this.
We will form a Government because the people have voted for the MDA Government,” he said.
“We have not been able to submit the EC report and give an account of the expenditure of the village,” said Khonglah.
She said that the people of the state have faced some difficulties in terms of their livelihood and income.
After the closure, police arrested two persons, Ajit Rabha, 18, and Kavita Rabha, 18 years old. of thieves is the one who steals wood, steals motorcycles and steals kwai.
These duties must be performed by a family which is interpreted to be above all such contamination and consequent misfortunes.
Another incident occurred when Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, was leaving a meeting to get into her car in Umsning, when a Maruti Car came and the passengers were hit by a Maruti Car. They shouted 'Prah' and 'Prah', so the supporters of the NPP, when they saw this, they became angry and said, 'Prah' They also tried to attack the occupants of the Maruti Car.
At the same time, he promised to look into the matter and if the government has called tender and distributed the work to the contractors, he will fight as much as possible to urge the contractors to expedite the work.
Speaking to reporters, Henry T Nongrum said that after the resignation of Macdalyne Mawlong as President, he was temporarily elected as the Acting President of the NPP Nongpoh Block. , but through this meeting at the Iewmawlong Dorbar, in the consensus of all, he was elected as the President, in order to strengthen the NPP Party in Nongpoh Constituency.
The Ministers who used to use the word 'khlien la thang rwat la bam' have been shocked and shocked because Amit Shah does not respect, does not trust and does not respect the MDA government and your Minister.
It is impossible to provide an adequate storage facility for these rejected uranium mining wastes that can prevent the impact on the environment, water, air, soil, vegetation, fish, animals and the people are the same.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the CCIB, Bah Sukkynjai Myrchiang, said that since the 3rd of this month, the Government authorities have raided Rhongkum village which falls within the boundary of Amlarem Civil Sub-district. Division to start the signboard erection despite the opposition of the people especially from the land owners.
On the other hand, Neiphiu Rio, in a tweet this evening, said, “We would like to express our gratitude to the parties involved in the talks to reach an agreement.
Speaking on the sudden death of Satish, Arbaaz Khan said that he was a man full of joy and happiness and he could not imagine that he was no longer on this earth.
As far as I can gather there is no literature on PCI yet.
Up to 57 of these illegal factories have been closed down and preparations to close down others without permission are ongoing as they cannot tell where they got the coal.
I believe we need to train well so that we can overcome because if you show force they will show force and so this will continue and the people will suffer,” he said.
However, what is interesting to note in this incident is that there were no casualties.
He said that he as the leader has brought more money to complete the complex, but the contractor has gone to court to file a case, which has led to the destruction of the complex. it shall not be done until now.
There are 226 cases in East Khasi Hills, 164 cases in West Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Khasi Hills, 30 cases in Ribhoi District, 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 15 cases in West Garo Hills. , 3 cases from South West Garo Hills, 1 case from South Garo Hills, 1 case from South Garo Hills, 3 cases from East Garo Hills and 1 case from North Garo Hills.
The Government through the Department of Transport is preparing to issue a notice regarding the Permit, Road Tax, and Vehicle Fares for commercial vehicles.
In this world, the nature of the earth is equal.
Speaking on the occasion, he expressed his gratitude to the team of Downtown Hospital and the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit for taking such action in the district. The mining of coal has affected the livelihood of the people of the district and sometimes the people do not have enough money to buy even medicines.
The raid was carried out by the police after receiving a tip that some drug traffickers were smuggling drugs into the 7mer area.
He also expressed his hope to resolve this issue and differences of opinion through dialogue and mutual trust.
Through the capture of Jalalabad, the Taliban has made it easier for them to move forward to capture the capital, Kabul.
Our country India is a democratic country which gives the citizens of the country the free right to elect their leaders to the Legislative Assemblies of the country or the various States.
Fr. Anthony Kharkongor, Principal of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, gave a speech on the challenges faced by the youth and how to stand on their own feet and also to help others.
All these practices are to arrange in the custom of marriage, that a woman should not be a Syiem, should not sit in a Dorbar, should not be a Tymmen Shnong (Rangbah Shnong), etc.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, RMEIA President Bah Dibaron Khongbinan said that the company which was supposed to dig and improve the road has fled and abandoned its work.
Shillong, July : The Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA) will celebrate its 40th Anniversary on 22nd July 2022 at the Dorbar Shnong Lumpyllon and Lumshyiap, Jaiaw. Shillong, at 11 o'clock in the morning.
She also questioned whether there is any pressure from the BJP or whether there is an understanding between Marak and the Garo leaders in the NPP. “Will the Prime Minister come out to tell the people of the state about the delay of him and the police in the raid? Is it true that he will listen if the BJP leaves South Tura to the NPP?” the Congress asked.
Dr Sangma said the state government has held many meetings with the central government to ensure that the rights of the indigenous people in land and parks will remain in the hands of the government.
The HPC on the blueprint for the relocation of the residents of Mawlong Market, known as Punjabi Lane, said that after many discussions with its members, they unanimously decided to states that this state government proposal is “incomplete, unbalanced, unprepared, unjust and undemocratic".
The union also urged the CEM of JHADC to appoint the Daloi of Labang Nongphyllut Elaka so that they can verify the land of the Khasi in this area.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Ampareen said that the MDA II government has tried to bring about many development projects in the state for the convenience of the people especially to increase the number of health centers and open Health Sub-Centres in He added that cleanliness is the most important thing but pollution and unhygiene is another. you pop.
On 8th November, 1984, he was elected by Pope St. John Paul II as Coadjutor Archbishop of Ranchi.
Replying to a question by the Leader of the House of Representatives, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Bah Teibor said that there are 174 applications for permission to build houses but the department has not yet approved them. They have not yet started the work and that they have to comply with the Building Bye Laws and other requirements.
Surprisingly, in the last month of June, these Garo are still issuing No Objection Certificate to the Hmar community to dig wells.
This offers many career opportunities; hotels, shops, restaurants, tourist attractions, fish farms and tourist attractions, beautiful swimming pools, or tourist attractions, gardens flowers to attract tourists and so on.
since the announcement of the election by the Clerk of Power, Government Ministers and any Government authorities shall not- (a) announce any amount of money in any form or promise; or (b) (except for government employees) establish the foundation stone of any establishment or project; lane(k) the construction of roads, water supply systems; or (d) the appointment of part-time jobs in government positions that can attract public followers in order to support the ruling party.
He said that mothers don't have time to wash their hair when they run to send their children to school and therefore the children have to work hard to pass well.
Pomegranate protects the epidermis and dermis and strengthens the health of skin cells, helps repair the skin, heals scars and also strengthens the blood flow to the skin.
Another thing that the Council has to do immediately is not to allow the vendors to stay in the areas where traffic is crowded because when the area is crowded, it causes the robbers to take advantage and loot. whether it be a purse or a purse.
“There will be about 30,000 spectators per day, which means that at the end of the festival there will be about 1 lakh witnesses.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1179, 769 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 98 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 48 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 1179 cases in South West Khasi Hills District. cases in West Garo Hills District, 12 cases in East Garo Hills District, 3 cases in East Garo Hills District, 223 cases in West Garo Hills District, 12 cases in South Garo Hills District, 12 cases in North Garo Hills District and 1 case in South Garo Hills District. West Garo Hill District 4 people.
Similar programs have also been conducted across India to showcase to the citizens of India the various activities of the Government of India.
She said that there are differences in society such as schooling, jobs, low pay for doing the same job as men and others.
That will depend on the wisdom of this government and its leaders although it is the custom of coalition governments to set the Common Minimum Program which will serve as a guide for the government before it introduces any -kino is the law or the law.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said; “It is true that as a state that gives birth to women and as an individual who believes in the empowerment of women, I am pleased with this Bill and I welcome this Bill.
On the other hand, Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang together with Bah Victor Rani, MDC, today visited these patients who have been admitted to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
He said that the march is also part of the celebration of the Independence Day of the country on Monday, 15th July, when India will celebrate its 70th anniversary. freedom.
At that time, the myrsiang said, “Let's do a trick and you stand up, I'll climb on my body and I'll just climb up, I'll pull you up so you can climb up”.
Most of the people living in the rural areas come from poor families and some of them cannot even afford to buy adequate food.
According to the Minister, since the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Amendment Act, 2015 has come into force, there is a need for the parts that have not been amended by the government.
On this occasion, the President urged the Mayors and Municipal Commissioners from different cities of the country to move forward with new strength and confidence.
Tomorrow, Wasnik will meet party leaders including MPCC office bearers and district congress committee leaders.
Nongpoh: While monitoring the plight of the residents of Nongpoh, who have been facing the problem of flooding especially during the rainy season, due to the lack of water supply system, u Bah Mayral Born Syiem, The MLA of Nongpoh, today visited many of the pending sites, which the NHAI has not been able to complete in Nongpoh.
The KSU has demanded that the two companies, Jio and Airtel, should provide their services by providing mobile network in the area and said that they should not receive such complaints from the public from now on.
Therefore, the Dorbar urges all the residents, shopkeepers of the Synod Complex, shopkeepers in Mawkhar, Taxi/Auto drivers within the boundary of the Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong to They shall come together on that day to clean and clean and decorate the grills by bringing their own synsar, brut, shun and rong for that day and time.
“We have to set the right salary and it has been decided that the officers will go and consider these proposals or offers to these doctors so that we can fill the vacancies in the specialist category, " she said.
Lyngdoh said the party has also decided to strengthen the party from the ground up including the units so that it can win more paid in the upcoming elections.
The union said that most of the foreigners prepare cash memos only with cash memo slips which do not have their vat number and pin number, and give it to the public to prepare their cash memos only. On this basis, the union has promised to provide a cash memo with VAT and PIN.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader, Bah Bindo M. Lanong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that traders should not be encouraged to smuggle in the state. world.
The mountains and the hills that are famous, I don't see now, they're dark; Only to get the wealth of nature, We are but the rich.
Hek said those who are selected to study medicine on behalf of the government, before they can study, they have to sign a social agreement (bond) with the government.
In the women's under 63 kg category, Kalpana won gold for Manipur, while Yari Maying of Arunachal Pradesh won silver, followed by Doli Gogoi of Assam and Lalnunfeli of Mizoram. the bronze medal.
Regarding the visit, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the reason why he took the initiative to distribute medicines was after he saw that the Ri Bhoi Sepngi is one of the areas closest to Assam and there is an urgent need for the treatment of water supply in public health centers and also in public places.
Headquarters, November 18: Pt.
Shillong, Naitung 8: Up to 12 persons were arrested by the city police while drinking at Nishan Restaurant in Polo this evening.
He said that from time to time the village has informed the state government about this, but no one has done anything to resolve the issue.
According to Bah Paul, there may be something behind the stationing of the same officer in the same place for decades and if not, why did it happen.
“On the other hand, the members of the committee request Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima to suspend the issuance of Sanad until the case is resolved,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today morning, on the occasion of the appointment of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, teachers, have marched from the front of the road, at the gate of the Secretariat. of FAS TOM, which has become a three-day camp and overnight camp since July 28, 2022.
According to information received, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is likely to contest against Bah Shemphang S Rynjah, while other parties like the Congress, it is not known who will contest.
The clash between the Pnar and Karbi communities started on 15th June this year after the KAAC erected a tax collection signboard at Khanduli.
The surrounding boundaries of Lawse are: to the east is the Lawse Forest and to the west is Sohparu, Disyiang, Mawthar and Mawduh.
The residents of Nongumbar village have only an EPIC and this village falls under the Nongjri Polling Station.
He spoke about the violence against democracy during the emergency and the return of the power of the people when the emergency is lifted.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Athletics Association through Bah Finaly L Pariat, General Secretary, congratulates the WJDSA for taking part and wishes all the athletes to reap the fruits of victory.
During the inspection, the Seng found that almost all the shops of foreigners selling food and beverage shops in Ïewduh are unsafe for the people who eat and drink due to uncleanliness. morning in all directions.
No rally shall be held without the prior permission of the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District.
“When we turn to the issue of illegal immigration, border issues, unemployment of youth, uranium, ILP is necessary but what is urgently needed now is the Marriage Act and the Khasi women who marry foreigners should lose their nationality,” said the Jaiaw MDC.
“This infection of cows with LSD is a major concern for the state but it does not affect the cow's milk and cow's milk but the milk should be cooked thoroughly before drinking. "I don't know," said HK Marak.
Ravi Sunar took three wickets and Kishor Bhowmik took two wickets for Matri Sangha.
The Electoral Bond Scheme violates Article 19 (1)(a) and is unlawful.
The four gold medal winners were Skhemlang Suba, David Dkhar, Anuska Majhong and Rinalis Ingti.
So far, the virus has affected more than 15 lakh people worldwide and more than 1 lakh people have died from the disease.
Tourists travel around without beautiful places and places where they can get food, drink and sleep but the roads should be good to make their travel easier.
He said the process of the bill will take a long time and it will be a long road.
Shillong, March 30: U Auspicious Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the People's Democratic Front (PDF), has denied rumors that he will contest the Mawphlang Legislative Assembly elections in Meghalaya. in 2023 from the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Speaking to media after the meeting of the Inspectors General-Region Commanders Coordination Conference of the Border Security Force (BSF) and Border Guards of Bangladesh (BGB) in Shillong, Additional Director General, Region Commander Md Zakir Hossain, BGB said that the BSF has taken the matter.
Silverster Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong Nongpoh, said that the foreigner was staying with two friends in the house. He did not tell anyone where he was going and he was going to flee. This has made it difficult for the village authorities to arrest him.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the party's candidate from Mairang Constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, during his election campaign at a rally organized by the Nongkhlaw Dorbar Shnong. On the 23rd June at Nongkhlaw Market, he explained to the public that the purpose of the district is to bring together various departments, Government Offices at the district level. They are now in Nongstoiñ and all these will start working in Mairang.
The motorcycle rally started from Srinagar, Shillong and Kanyakumari and will meet on 31st March at Ekta Nagar, Gujarat on the birthday of Sardar Vallabhbhai. Patel.
On this occasion, as an encouragement to the SHGs in Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division, the SHGs were also encouraged to exhibit their products, traditional clothes, traditional food and other handicrafts. Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah MB Tongper, Sub Divisional Officer, Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division, he expressed his happiness that for the first time after receiving the status of Civil Sub Division, the people of the state have been able to celebrate this special day of the state. It is the 51st anniversary of independence on 21st July
“Therefore, we will not allow the Expert Committee to be appointed by these people but we will demand that only the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should be appointed to the Expert Committee. They should also be involved in this committee,” said Bah Banteidor.
Regarding the Blood Bank, the JSU said that although the staff, equipment and facilities at the Blood Bank are sufficient, the only thing left is the license and it is because of the license that the Blood Bank has been established. it cannot execute its function.
Thus, it is a great loss to the community and disrupts various activities and occupations.
It is not known whether the Governor is at his residence, but it is understood that the CoMSO leaders have not met with the Governor so far.
He said that if the Congress comes to power, a Land Custom Station will be opened at Kuliang or Umkiang so that the people of this area can earn a living and avoid smuggling.
Bipin scored 2/26 and 6/32 in the first innings.
As soon as the last ten months begin, the Feast of Trumpets and the Day of Atonement will begin.
He said there has been a dispute over land in East Garo Hills.
Charelang Mulieh scored in the 43rd minute and Chalet Phawa in the 54th minute.
That too is human nature – some welcome and some don't, and some just try to blame others without any reason.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Ranikor Circle has become stronger and hopeful of winning again. Once again, the UDP has welcomed the newly joined supporters of the UDP at a meeting held at Rangthong Village, Mawthynrew, South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking on the occasion, almost all the speakers expressed their satisfaction with the title brought by this young man, for his ability to come forward in the competition.
B.Ed College is a blessing to the youth of Ri-Lum Jaintia to train themselves in the field because there is no such school in the district,” said Suchen. He assured that the party and the Union of Waheh Shnongs will continue to monitor this through the coming of the new MDA-second government.
These words were written on placards carried by the members of the JAC who protested without delay to demand the implementation of the new dewbilat fare announced by the state government from 25th November
Jowai, Jymmang 06: The Jowai By-Pass from Mukhla to Soomer (Mihmyntdu) has caused one truck carrying foodstuffs to collapse on the side of the road.
Replying to the allegation of politics by the Ministers, Minister Nongkhlaw said that they do not do politics.
Kyrshan War President of the HPSO said that the HPSO does not oppose or allow the protest of the HPSO to implement the ILP. “We have not received any clarification on the ILP demanded by the Sengbhalang,” said Bah Kyrshan. He said that the clarification that the HPSO wants to know is that if the ILP is implemented, where will the campaign start? and where the Check Gates will be set up to hold authorities for the purpose of checking documents or applying for permits.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Vice President of the HYC Central Body as the chief guest, Bah WL Snaitang, Secretary Mawkyrwat Village, Bah HS Diengdoh, MCS, SDO retired. Ranikor Civil Sub Division, Bah YG Lyngdoh, Working President of Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) and other dignitaries.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Meghalaya, who is also the Minister of PWD, today said that due to heavy rainfall this morning, there have been landslides in some parts of the state. The most severe cases are in the Pynursla area.
When I talked to him, I didn't understand because he was seriously injured.
The leaders of the four organizations said that the fundraising has been going on in these days for the expenses of fighting the case in the Supreme Court.
At this meeting, CEM Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Leader Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, decided to set up a committee headed by the CEM and Secretary to appoint an officer of KHADC. The committee has decided to demand that the State Government should reinstate the Khasi language as a subject for all Khasi students in the Modern Indian Language (MIL) and not just select it because it has already been selected. Not only the MIL, but the committee will also write to the State Government to speak out within the Government of India to recognize the Khasi Language. in the 8th Schedule.
They said that the incident happened on the 25th of November 2022 at about 7 pm while they were sleeping with their brothers or sisters.
Speaking on the occasion to confirm the new President of the NPP Ranikor Block, Martin M. Danggo, who will also be the candidate from the 35th Ranikor Constituency, Gigur Myrthong said that he will be the leader. The NPP Ranikor Block has been reconstituted from today 31st October. , 2022.
In the tournament which started from the 7th to the 10th of this month, the club won 4 gold and 2 bronze medals.
He said that these are pictures of places on the moon that have never been seen before and that this is the work of India.
During the session of the House today, Santanu Sen handed over a letter to Information Technology Minister Ashwini Vaishnav while replying to a question on the signing of the letter. the Pegasus to many political leaders.
Speaking on the occasion, the BJP MLAs slammed the ruling Congress government in the state for not taking action to curb the increase in the number of people who have chosen to become Christians.
We remember them fondly and pray for those who have lost their own.
If you look at the Wah Umiew in Smit, you can see it.
On the other hand, Dr T Jamir, Registrar of IIPH, has denounced the allegation of insulting the MACS doctors and alleged that it was the DHS(MI) who insulted the students and sent them out of the classrooms. He said that IIPH has used these rooms of the old campus of NIFT on the notification of the State Government issued on 2nd November 2022 that the NIFT Building of NIFT should be handed over to IIPH. Shillong, Jymmang 30: In recent days, there has been a discussion on social media about the leader who can take over as Prime Minister after the 2023 MLA elections.
He said that the best practices of different states in the last elections are the use of road maps in Tamil Nadu, Chatbot in Goa, Learning Management System in Assam. Uttarakahnd, Meghdoot postcard for information in collaboration with the Ministry of Home Affairs, mobile app ANUBHAV to open access for persons with disabilities by of West Bengal.
KSU General Secretary Donald Thabah said, “We have come to suspend the ICFAI of Meghalaya and Tripura because the ICFAI of Meghalaya and Tripura is the same and the authorities in charge of this institution have not found anything. take action on this issue.
He also made it clear to the government that it should not try to mislead the people with the railway line by saying that it is growing, but we know that only the rich and the poor are growing.
The ceremony was attended by Vincent H. Pala, Lok Sabha MP, Mayralborn Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Unsning MLA, Damanbait Lamare, Umroi MLA and Bipul. Thangkhiew, President of RBYF. Teachers and other leaders were also present on the occasion.
This export is part of the efforts to promote GI-recognized agricultural products from the region, which are products under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry through the Export Promotion Department. The Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) is preparing to contest the 2023 MLA elections.
Speaking to reporters at a meeting held on Sunday, he said that preparations for the meeting of the opposition parties in the state capital have already been completed.
Treatments include chemo and radiation therapy and surgery to completely remove the vocal cords if these two methods fail.
Shillong: U Dr M Chuba Ao, the leader of the BJP in Meghalaya, has denied that there is any demand from the leaders or office bearers of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the state. They want to remove Ernest Mawrie from the post of State President of the party.
They were given only one test, that they should not eat the sohadong.
Meghalaya BJP President Ernest Mawrie has recently admitted that the BJP is ready to call for peace talks with the HNLC in order to restore peace in Meghalaya.
“It is surprising that the government has fought hard to protect the Parliamentary Secretaries but when the people face problems from the coal blockade, it just does nothing,” he said.
However, not all of us have a bright face, some people have a strong, dull, and unbeautiful face and we look for many ways to brighten it.
The same has increased in price since the beginning of the Paduh Sahebs in the 1700s.
“I can give an example here, that there are many schemes implemented by the previous government, but they have not worked at all because they don't have the money.
“When I arrived at the scene and tried to say no, but the man threatened me and tried to shoot me,” said Sohtun.
Before the MLA elections 2023, we all see that many MLAs have shown patriotism.
He said that it is necessary to conduct training sessions to raise awareness about the relationship between love and love because many people have been affected when it comes to love.
They also decided to inform the Central Government to set up its own department to look after the ADCs under the Sixth Schedule.
In love:- Jesus shows us the example of love that he loves his Father, loves his church, loves his own, loves sinners, loves children and love your enemies.
Three elderly men including Bah Yesly Mawthoh (70), son of Bah D.Nongdhar (30) and Bah Besly Mawthoh (65) were killed by the mob. They were charged with attempting to kill Bah Lambha Nongrum (25) and throw him near the Umiew River on the 14th of July.
Shillong, July 13 : The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has submitted a written request to the Meghalaya State Energy Regulatory Commission (MSERC) to revise the tariff of electricity.
Speaking on corruption and ambition, Conrad said, “My father Purno A Sangma taught us all three, me, James and Agatha that we should never enter politics from for money, or for honor but he said enter politics with the goal of doing the best of the best for the people and we are like that, the government in 2018 will be the government of the people “It will look after the needs of the people,” said Conrad while speaking at a public meeting of the NPP party held at Sohryngkham.
The issue regarding the lack of enrollment of children in recognized private schools and the shortage of teachers was raised by Banga MLA Sukhwinder Singh Sukhi during the questions at the closing ceremony of the Punjab Assembly.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala will welcome these members to the Congress House tomorrow at a meeting of the Block Congress Committee to be held at Lamyrsiang at 10 am.
“Children in this area face many challenges and need a lot of help and guidance to prevent them from falling into bad habits,” she said.
Conrad K Sangma said that during the meeting, which was held today, the issue of the site and the problems faced and the incidents that have happened from time to time were discussed. and all these are explained at this meeting.
The statement of the police that he was shot dead by a knife is unacceptable because anyone who enters the house of the people at 3 am is considered to be a criminal or a thief or a robber.
"When we ask questions about the nature of living things, inanimate things and even the universe, that is the science that we need to find the answer," said SP. She congratulated North Liberty for taking the initiative to set up this education department to assist the students in the district.
The NH 37 (A) was blocked and vehicles were stopped at that time.
He said that after October 2022, a clear message will be received, but he estimated that there will be about 3,000 buses, which will be withdrawn from banks and lenders. He said that the biggest problem is due to the constant changes in the covid prevention laws of the state government.
Banrikynti was accompanied by her relatives and friends who sympathized with her unfounded beating but she had to wait until this morning but she did not meet him. Village Headman.
“The initial allocation for this scheme was T.275.3 crore for the two schemes, Song A for Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Song B for Garo Hills but later it was increased to 50 percent. before," said Miani.
"The welcome from the club and the fans makes my soul happy and that's what makes me want to do something for the new club," Lukaku said. the first as a Roman citizen.
As a result, the trees are now out of place.
Marwein said the Joint Inspection Team (JIT) set up by the state government has found misuse of up to 1600 hectares of land by these companies.
The ULFA and the GNLA jointly train their members.
In the last match of the day, Them Rangskhen ACC beat Challenger Football Academy 13-0
In another development, many shops in Tura town have been closed today due to lack of money. , it is reported that some of them have brought in new T.2000 notes and there too the shops have faced problems because they cannot pay the maximum amount, when they go to the banks to withdraw the money. They don't get a small amount of T.100 but they get a T.2
Speaking to media on Monday, Bah Robertjune said, if we look at the history of the Job Reservation Policy, this has been the demand and aspiration of the people for a long time.
“I believe it doesn't matter, even if I called at the last minute because Riia is very happy.
“The EC has decided to bring a resolution to urge the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya especially the rural areas from the CAB,” he said.
Science does many tests or experiments to prove, and if it cannot be proved, it cannot accept what is said or told.
So far, those who have nominated their candidates for the MDC election are Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, former MLA of Mylliem.
The MLA of Shillong South is the son of Bah S Khongwir (52 years old) and lives in Kench Trace, Shillong.
I'll always remember you,In my thoughts;Like a sign written on a stone,You'll stay in my heart.
The reason for this is that when the tourists are not well, it is useless to set up shops or other activities, said the traishong nongkhnum.
Although he sat with a few people he knew face to face, that self-pity was strong in his heart.
Only when it became more urban or larger, many people walked everywhere.
Explaining about the agriculture sector in the state, KN Kumar said that in fact, the farmers in Meghalaya have not been able to compete like the farmers in other parts of India. .
Furthermore, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the HITO, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) have emerged until it is no longer possible to track those groups that are trying to divide the society.
Because the raw material is news, announcements, articles, advertisements, editorials and letters to the Editor and Kotsada, but the end product is the newspaper.
Commander Shangpliang said that if the government does not do anything on the issues of the farmers, the party will go and explain to the people by holding public meetings and before holding protest programmes. The party requests the support of the people from all over the state so that many of the problems of the farmers can be implemented.
Not only that, it was seen that the Krang Suri Valley, has been flooded with water that has flowed far inside and has slightly affected the market of the people.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton, who is also the Minister of State, said that the will of the people will be the most important to resolve the boundary issue in the disputed villages. postpone.
He said that in fact the government in 2020 has opened an entry point at Umling with the intention of searching or detaining people coming from outside the state, but unfortunately it is only after the The entry point at Umling has been closed after the end of the COVID-19 pandemic and has been turned into a Covid-19 Facilitation Center cum entry point. Surprisingly, this entry point has not been operational yet due to the stingy counting of the state government.
The SP said that the PS-20 is a GPS device designed to measure the wind.
It is learned that the damaged rice weighs about 27 byrni and if the total weight is 40-45 kilos, the damaged rice weighs 800-1000 kilos.
This introduction of theft has prevented those who are entitled to receive it.
The Star of the Country said that instead of remembering him on this day, we should pay tribute to Mother Teresa who passed away on the same day.
Last year alone, the state has hosted 14 national tournaments and other tournaments including badminton, football, hockey, athletics and basketball.
In the past few months, there have been many discussions on the role of religious leaders in guiding their followers especially when the time comes to elect legislators.
After Hussain's confession, police with the assistance of the ANTF of West Jaintia Hills have arrested the main suspect involved in the crime, Ratan Dkhar. and the manufacture of a counterfeit drug inside his house and named it Phensedyl for smuggling into Bangladesh.
However, we want the government to allow these buses to operate again so that it can help us,” said a woman who sells wai dong in Motphran.
But those working at the CHC have lost the trust of the people," he added.
On Tuesday evening, one of the 23 soldiers who drowned earlier that day was rescued.
While we are trying to go to bed early, our eyes are fixed on our mobile phones.
Speaking to media after a meeting of all political parties at the Secretariat today, former MLA and Vice President of the party, Zenith Sangma said that the meeting has opened the door for them to learn many things. related to the roster system and how it will be implemented.
The Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee has identified 106 candidates for the upcoming Assembly elections in the state, a Congress leader said on condition of anonymity.
It is believed that Raju, the driver of the bus, did not see that Bah Khrip was there, because there were small trees.
He will also protect the land of the people as he protected Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego from the fiery furnace.
IEC VANS for the dissemination of information, which will be used with IT Platforms, Mobile App and others.
The Regional Committees should not allow the villages of Meghalaya to go to Assam.
To explain about light or electricity in these days, because as time goes by, all mankind has increased in knowledge.
“It is because of the dangers of drugs that as a party we have taken this step to put forward the eradication of drugs as one of the issues before the party after the elections," he said.
Thus for those who are born again who have purified themselves from sin, they will have a share in the First resurrection.
The reception will be held at Iewmawlong Nongpoh, where many UDP leaders in the state will be present.
He was rushed to hospital but died on the spot.
On another question regarding school affairs, Grace Mary Kharpuri Em, Minister of Education, in reply to a question by Bah JM Tynsong, said that the Executive Committee will have to consider. on this matter and will take a decision in due course.
“The people have voted for the Congress and it is clear that even in the Prime Minister's office, the Congress candidate has been defeated in this MDC and MP elections,” Kohli said.
It was in this way that the Israelites lived by the rivers of Babylon for 70 years, becoming slaves in Babylon while the land of Israel became a desolate wasteland and a land of wonder because the Israelites did not. He served Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon for 70 years.
James said that the scheme which the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has admitted to be working well, is a lie, because it is like a lightning bolt but no rain has fallen.
Of these, Saha, Ishant and Rahane are the players who have not been included in the contract scheme.
The Minister said that during the pandemic, the Central Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has introduced the Emergency COVID Response Package (ECRP) to support the State in the fight against COVID-1 .
It is like the absence of trees that no longer provide clean air for human life and the environment.
Due to the rapid increase and spread of drug addiction and children who have become addicted to drugs in the state, these unions have decided to hold this competition along with the awareness campaign. Awareness Campaign on HIV/AIDS/drugs/Other relevant issues) on these issues so that all participants, witnesses can get information on this issue.
On this occasion, a march and a procession of coffins was held from Madan Ïewrynghep to Weiking Square and a meeting was held here. The Khasi Mother's Day.
“At this time when we see the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19, then Monkeypox has started to enter India, these are the things that we are concerned about even though it has not yet entered Meghalaya.
Today, the mother/woman population has increased to 61/2 lakh from non-Khasi fathers, out of 131/2 lakh Khasei-Khasoi population.
How sad it is to see and know that our Khasi-Jaintia Ministers and MLAs are busy distributing pig seeds, jhur seeds and tins besides laying the foundation stones to build roads, bridges, While the Garo MLA is busy with the construction of large projects, new colleges and others which have brought about development in the country. that Garo area.
Malki Sports Club invites all cricket clubs/teams of the state who wish to participate in this tournament to collect their forms from Meghalaya Print near Seven Set School, Malki Point or Please call these numbers for team registration 977448 9159 or
“As we have seen in the media, some people stay overnight at the ATM to wait for money until morning but the ATM does not open. make some people rich".
The owner of the fish, Bah Mathius, has informed the government authorities in charge of the Fisheries Department of Ri Bhoi District, but they have not taken any action to inspect the fish. .
Shillong, Nailar 7: Four civil society organizations from East Jaintia Hills District, including the KSU-KC, AJYWO-EJZ, FKJGP-KC and HNYF-EJZ, have alleged that the state government has cheated them. The BSF troops have been stationed in Khliehriat for 6 months but it has been 10 years since 2012, no signs have been seen that the BSF troops have left the area. but the days went by.
If you benefit from the Sengbhalang, you are the Sengbamlang.
At present, Bah Paul said that the government is planning to improve the congestion in Shillong and one of the areas that needs to be addressed is the land vendors who have used all the corners of the roads and paths. The government will introduce a market for market vendors.
However, his answer also surprised the youths of the village as the park has been closed since 4:00 pm.
There are currently 4 cases of covid-19 in the state.
Mewankitbok M Kharpuri (1/16 in 7) took another wicket.
Tariang said that the disease has spread quickly from one farm to another.
The first half of the match ended in a draw without any goals.
The only thing is that if any government comes, it should follow up and complete this task because this delay has really put the border residents in great trouble.
“The issues to be submitted to the government on the ILP will not affect the development of the state as the government has promised,” he said.
He said that besides these six charges against him, he has also been charged with six charges against Sardar PS and he will have to appear on 4th November at Sardar PS. When asked whether the party has taken responsibility for the incident, Bah Eldie said that once it happened at a meeting convened by the party, the responsibility was not on the party. to take.
He said that there was no difference between the two states because the division was with bad intentions.
It is worth mentioning that these residential schools have been implemented since the time of the Congress government in the state, but until these days when the coalition government led by the NPP, has not been completed. I don't know why these Residential Schools are successful.
Similarly, the ethnic groups in India have the same spirit to promote their ethnic identity, even though they are overwhelmed by the many paid ethnic groups.
On this occasion, Bah Sanbor said that he has also held many meetings with the village leaders, groups and relevant government departments to ensure the completion of these projects. which is enough.
Then the Rangbah Shnong sent the Rangbah Hill to try to find the market.
Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, said that the HNYF does not want to go to Assam for even 10 inches. The final decision should be taken by the Government of Meghalaya to listen to the voice of the people and especially the land owners, Raid and Hima rulers who know better about this issue. .
Premender Reddy, General Secretary of the BJP in the state, said, “BJP President Bandi Sanjay was arrested by the police at midnight. on Tuesdays and Tuesdays.
When asked about the full implementation of the Block Office which was opened last year, Bah Kimfa S.Marbaniang said that the government is ready to allocate funds for the purpose of The construction of the full Block Office of Rambrai C&RD Block is underway and once the government has allocated funds, it will build the full office of the Rambrai C&RD Block.
Paiem KM Syiemlieh, Syiem Khynnah, Hima Nongkhlaw, has agreed to work with the SPIKAP to bring awareness on the maintenance of the Law Sacred Law Lieng, in the village, Sohra. Rim, Forest Kingdom.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mitchel said that the reason why he left the NPP and joined the UDP is because he wants to see that national parties like the UDP to rule the country. state in 2023.
They said that during the search of the vehicle, they found the woman inside the vehicle, and her mouth and neck were tied with cellotape.
They also expressed their surprise at the appointment of Acting Bah Joseph Lyngdoh by the KHADC, while they have left Bah Anjelus Sun who was elected by the people. They said that some people including politicians have done this without informing the residents.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) Upper Shillong Circle will celebrate the Special Day of Tirot Sing Syiem in almost all the villages of Upper Shillong by lighting candles at designated places through the There will also be a screening of the documentary film of the heroes of the country including Tirot Singh & Kiang Nangbah at Umlyngka Community Hall at 2 pm on the 17th November
Konyak said the troops had left for Assam when the people came out and threw stones against the troops.
At this meeting, an agreement was reached and it was decided to have further cooperation.
Perhaps there are those who oppose this statement of mine to DD Lapang but I don't agree.
The more I thought about Bah Deng, the more my heart became bitter.
It was in the second half of extra time that Ibarial FTC took the lead through 10 goals scored by Biangki Khongjoh.
After Ardent came Adelbert Nongrum, the CEM also had the same idea as Ardent how to solve the problems faced by the people in the market. After Ardent came Pynshngaiñ. N Syiem as CEM and at that time Bah Pynshngaiñ also allocated funds from the District Council budget to beautify the market by starting the construction of two gates to enter the market. which have not yet been accomplished either).
British MP Nadine Dorries, who is also the minister of health in the country, has tested positive for the coronavirus.
That’s our government.
It is the second victory for British tennis star Andy Murray to win the ATP Challenger Tour trophy this season.
According to Prestone, the National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF) team has found it difficult to repair the crematorium especially as there has been heavy rainfall in the past few days.
Besides the awards to the finalists, the PDF Youth Wing also distributed individual prizes to those players who played well, including the Best Kharbok Nongrum was named goalie, Rapbor Nongrum was named best player, Hunlang Kongngor was named top scorer, Kitdor Nongkseh was named man of the match and Nartap SC was named discipline team. The Border Security Force (BSF) of India has lodged a complaint with the Bangladesh Border Security Force (BSF) regarding the smuggling of stone by Bangladeshis in Umngot River, Dawki, West Jaintia Hills district.
To strengthen society, we must first strengthen our homes.
The teachers also requested the present government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad Sangma and the Minister of Education to think about where to dismiss the teachers who have worked for 10 years. something.
The meeting will end today on the 27th.
We don't love politics as you do, but we love our nation, that's why we stand up against when we don't agree with any action of the leaders.
The candidates were accompanied by their supporters with a loud cheer.
Shillong: The team that won the first semi-final of the Meghalaya U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament on Tuesday defeated Tura District Cricket Association. West Jaintia Hills DCA took six wickets in Salpara.
The ceremony was conducted by the Archbishop of Guwahati, Archbishop John Moolachira in the presence of Fr. , brothers and leaders of various religious organizations.
After confirming the village, the Wildlife Department has conducted an explanation to the residents of the village that they should not kill any wildlife, but if they find He said that any animals and especially bsein should be immediately informed to the Wildlife Department so that they can take the necessary action. puh madei, especially to humans and it is not known whether the sein iong, can infect humans.
“On the ILP, we feel that it depends on the pressure of the state legislators because if a few more petitions are passed in the Legislative Assembly, if they are forced on this issue, nothing will happen,” he said. Well Lambstar.
Tej Pratap Yadav is the son of Laloo Prasad Yadav and is an MLA from Mahua in Vaishali district.
Meanwhile, leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Mawphlang constituency have left to join and support other political parties.
The second place in the men's category went to NP Singh who finished less than 10 minutes behind Sangma in 35:21:90 while Emphius Nongrum came second. to 35:48:3
Speaking on the occasion, the elders of the village and the church said that the school was established on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the church in the village in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Mawtnum. The school has been working hard to improve the quality of education and especially to gather together the youth to become bright stars in the area. and continue to grow and produce students who pass well every year.
On the same day, a 200mts Fish Sanctuary was inaugurated on the Umnamlang River at Laitkseh.
According to Mondal, all the Congress supporters in Phulbari have agreed to join him in the NPP after his joining the party in Shillong which was broadcast live on Facebook.
