On the other hand, the Minister of State, Bah Renik, on this occasion, urged the Rangbah Shnongs to take action to arrange with the owners of the land for the installation of the pumps and to take action to implement this water supply project in the JJM because Mawlai has now fallen under the Rural Area, which means that they have been able to implement the 100 days bill scheme.
In her concluding remarks, Ms D.Sohtun appealed to the women and girls that if they have any violation of their rights, please don't listen but they should. to come forward to inform so that the law can help for them.
“We want to eradicate alcohol consumption and driving and bringing alcohol to people's homes will help a lot,” said Chandrashekhar Bawankule, Excise Minister.
“If the police department does not take action against such people, we see that it will cause injury and go to another way.
Shillong Lajong have three points from three games and still need to play well in the tournament. Lajong will play against Go kulam Kerala FC on the 19th of November at 2 pm. at SSA Stadium, Shillong.
The earthquake struck Gansu and Qinghai at 11.59 pm on Tuesday with a depth of 10 kilometers below sea level. by the China Earthquake Networks Center (CENC).
Not only the banks from Assam but also the banks from Meghalaya are urged to come and open branches in the area to benefit the people.
Debasmita Dutta took three wickets for 10 runs in 9 overs while Debasmita Dutta took three wickets for 23 runs in 10 overs.
The foreigner thought that the woman would come back to his shop and try again to do his job to ask for her phone number.
“As minorities, we have the Bengal Eastern Frontiers Act 1873 which protects us in the state,” said Nickson Dohling, Organizing Secretary of the HYC at the award ceremony of the HYC at Umjaiur on Monday.
Along the way, the kitjain in the khoh asked the world about each other.
Your service will bring you an answer one day, the glory of man will pass away but the glory of God will last forever.
From the speeches of the children today I see that this program has helped you to become more confident and skilled in public speaking in just 5 days.
On November 5, he alleged that the Meghalaya Eco Tourism Infrastructure Project is a scheme of the central government through the New Development Bank (NDB).
“We really missed him.
He decided to drop out of school and focus on his own business as he had always dreamed of.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Two members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) were shot dead by the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) in San Chinigre today.
The civil society organizations that fight independently for the rights of the people of the country and the nation are also criminal organizations that are involved in corruption and other illegal activities within the country and the nation.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah P Mukhim expressed his gratitude to the Social Welfare Department for taking the initiative to conduct such a program especially to remember the people with disabilities that we should not be afraid. beiñ lane with them.
The meeting was chaired by HH Mohrmen, President of SURE. Shylong Pohtam, Secretary, Namrhenlang Multipurpose Cooperative Society, Kudengrim, delivered the keynote address.
He requested Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA of the area to ensure that the work should be completed within 24 months.
He said that one of the letters he wrote to the Union Minister of Environment was to inspect the pollution of the environment in this area where even the birds and animals are no longer there. now from the sight of this smell that comes out of this marten.
They came to ask for support from the people.
“But on the other hand, he also felt that if others can't, I can't, that's why he went his own way and that's why now there are many problems and sorrows. he added.
“In 1979, when we expelled the Bangladeshis, the people expelled them and in 1992, when Bah Bull expelled the Nepalis, the people expelled them, not the police, therefore, we don't need police. He said that the party is not surprised that the police do not protect the Khasi and fight against the Assam police because the police chief who The government has appointed him from Assam.
“Many of them expressed their dissatisfaction with the Government's decision to move the PWD North Division to Shangpung and said that this is a lesson and should not happen again so that what does not exist will remain in Jowai. and if the government wants to improve the status of the villagers, it should bring in new ones.
“The NSCN-IM has taken advantage of the mountainous terrain and the backwardness of the area to enter Bangladesh through the Garo Hills,” said the report from the Ministry of Home Affairs for the year 2013-2
How exciting it was for the visitors to see the beauty of the Lamu Valley near the venue.
When she reached Riia's house, Deisy called from the floor, “Riia Riia” three or three times.
BJP President JP Nadda also met with several Ministers and MPs of the party on Monday.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday announced the upgradation of the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a District. Before the celebration of the Independence Day, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and at the same time MLA of Mairang, expressed his gratitude to the He said that the demand for a district in Mairang has been going on for a long time.
Pranshon said the Sengbah will hold a meeting to discuss this issue.
Recent reports said that 300 doctors have resigned today from various posts in government hospitals in West Bengal.
FKJGP President Wilbert Rani, while talking to Rupang in Sohra, said that the foreigners' willingness to use force against the Khasi in Ichamati is because they are too happy and because they feel ownership. especially inside the Khasi villages on the border.
Mawlai Police Station is conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident.
Once again, the Meghalaya government has announced that it will implement various projects with the aim of transforming the city, improving it and reducing congestion.
A Maruti Alto 800 (ML10 B 2161) collided with a truck.
“This is illegal because they did not take permission, but the Minister of Home Affairs has called to talk to them on this issue,” he said.
“When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the word come not to pass, nor come true, nor come to pass, that is the word which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it, men. do not be afraid of him." This is the secret of God Himself.
“How can they still dare when even the Dorbar Shnong has decided to suspend them two years ago?” said one of those who attended. One of them asked, “I will do whatever is necessary.” Bah Shanbor replied, “You should not allow such people.” They agreed to leave. After seeing everything clearly, they went home.
He was elected President in 2021, and previously served as Chief Justice, General Prosecutor and Vice Chairman of the Assembly of Experts.
The price of a chip is 5 to 10 tyngka per child.
Close sources said that Pynshngaiñ has called a meeting with only a few elders of Pynthor-Umkhrah constituency and at the meeting it was said that there were about 30 to 40 elders who arrived at the meeting.
Who can keep time fulfilling his duty properly! Sokon has increased the school fees of all four students to T22,5
For the first time, residents of Donetsk, Luhansk, Zaporizhzhya and Kherson regions, which belong to Ukraine, will be able to vote. to elect their leaders from Russia now that they have become Russian citizens since Russia annexed these four parts of Ukraine to itself.
However, even after receiving the information, they alleged that the fire truck arrived late, but even though it arrived late, it did not disappoint in that it was able to provide immediate assistance with water. and put out the fire.
But the people of the world do not understand anything. They reject the knowledge of the truth of the Word of God. you understand.
The report did not say whether there was an attack on a Hindu place of worship.
Prestone said there have been many allegations that the MDA government led by Conrad and Prestone are merely rigging the elections by laying the foundation stone.
The IT department has admitted that the comments in the news are wrong and misleading to the public without any basis.
But he too wanted to be in government from the beginning.
Shillong: Meghalaya's Lakadong shyrmit is one of the most popular shyrmit in the world and is cultivated in West Jaintia Hills District. other types of shyrmit.
It is not true that it started with MDCs like Bah Batskem Ryntathiang who won as MDC from the Congress, but after joining the HSPDP he has now returned to the Congress.
Four branches of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Iooksi Unit, Umsalait Unit, Priang Unit and Saphai Unit in Laskein Block have strongly criticized the production department. MeECL has claimed the lives of two brothers in Umsalait village, West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Shivam Nongrum encouraged the youths who came forward, away from home to spend 45 days in training and without any hesitation, they came by themselves. .
Without fail, they will also be expensive cows, but those who have the opportunity to eat the meat will never doubt its taste.
Zenith Sangma has asked for four months to respond to the charges against Tennydard and the hearing of the Supreme Court of India will now be held on 10th March
Hopefully the present government will be able to do better in accordance with the Meghalaya State Agricultural Produce and Livestock Marketing (P&F) Act 2020 even though we the people have not seen the consequences of that act.
Summarizing the speeches of Union Ministers and top BJP leaders, Congress Chief Manish Tewari alleged that there is an attempt to stir up the country in religious conflict.
and others, which we can witness with our own eyes, are those who have really affected and destroyed this river.
We must have a strong faith in God,” said Conrad.
As soon as the body of Bah Lanosha came out, she said, “That Bah, there is something that could have happened if it hadn't been for you, it could have happened to me...” She looked at Kongthei Daplin. ... ?" Daplin said, “When you meet him, you meet him...” Lanosha said, “I don't know.
If men seek the glory of men, they shall not see the glory of God.
Shillong: A man who came from Bihar to Umroi has tested positive for covid-19, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said on his Facebook page.
The union strongly urges these departments to work according to their rules of procedure, so that it will bring benefits to the residents of the area as a whole.
But the end has not yet happened.
There were also songs, dances and short skits by the youth and women of the village to show how the village has changed since it received a proper water supply scheme.
“Joshi is new and is coming for the first time and there is no discussion on the leadership of the party,” said Bah Rowel.
For example, neighboring countries like Tibet, Nagaland have declared themselves as independent countries but have not yet become independent. Even the Jews before 1948 were stateless until “If you don't get recognition from other countries, the truth is that if you don't get recognition, no one will respect you,” said Bah Saiñkupar.
The outbreak has spread rapidly in Assam, West Bengal, Odisha, Bihar and Jharkhand and the Indian health ministry has warned that the disease could spread to the North East. of India.
The cameraman is Donbok Marngar.
Furthermore, the Chief Secretary of the State, which held a report on the amount of coal that has been mined before the enactment of the Coal Mining Act, has released a report on the 20th of this month. In November 2022, 32,56,715 MT of coins were auctioned.
When they heard about this, many of my supporters came and urged me to publish my report.
The second leg was very interesting and thrilling, in which both sides played hard especially AC Milan who had a problem at the beginning but the lack of goals, opened the way for Inter Milan players to be encouraged.
He said he joined the Congress party because he saw that the party is the biggest and strongest in the state and in India.
“It doesn't depend on these four, but on the more than 29,000 voters of Ranikor, who will be elected 'Raja' on 23rd July
His confirmation may be that he has already decided on how many benches will sit in the House.
The total number of cases has risen to 23,452, 17,915 are undergoing treatment, 4,813 have recovered and 723 have died.
When asked how he came to compose this song, Bah SF Mylliemngap said, “After receiving a request from the party workers from Nongkrem to compose this song, I went to Bah Ardent's house to talk to him. Thanks to Bah Ardent for the release of this song.
“We stand with women, women's groups across India to express that the decision of the Gujarat Government to release the 11 men who raped Bilkis Bano will affect other women who victims of the same tragedy and those who are now fighting for justice.
“If the government proceeds to close down the MCCL, it will be for the Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem to take responsibility and in fact he should have resigned as MLA. refuse to step down, the party will take strict action against him," the statement added.
They also urged the students and those youths who have worked in Assam especially in Guwahati to have unity and cooperation in any field, because when there is cooperation Together with the unity, it brings peace and happiness to the youth even if they study or work outside Meghalaya.
It is a great day for the Diocese of Nongstoin, which has received Fr Wilbert Marweiñ as its new Bishop.
In the quarter final, the team led by coach Jeffrey Warlarpih beat Maharashtra 5-3
Niaw Wasa Utd have won the title again after beating Ladthadlaboh 2-1 in the final of the Super Division Football Tournament. at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on November
On the other hand, Bah Kit Thabah said that the North-East Dancers' Association (NDA) has been formed from time to time. The dance talent in the region as a whole and under this umbrella can be discussed even with the Central Government of India for the benefit of the youth.
Earlier, the Ministry of Education in a letter to the UGC, said that in view of the difficulty in conducting the CUET examination, the location, the distance, and the difficulties faced by the students. They have decided that the central government universities in the North East will be able to continue their enrollment without having to sit for the CUET. Besides Meghalaya, Other universities in the North East include Sikkim University, Rajiv Gandhi University, Manipur University, Assam University, Tezpur University, Nagaland University, Tripura University and Mizoram University.
It is also very helpful for proper blood circulation in the body.
Furthermore, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board will also take action to investigate and develop the mechanisms for the investigation into this air pollution which has become known in India as the worst pollution in India. The Center for Science and Industrial Research (CSIR-NEERI) will also work together to monitor the situation. There is a lot of trouble in the Byrnihat area.
Shillong, November 22: Bah Bajinwell Khongtim (60), Elder of the Presbyterian Church Umniuh Tmar, has passed away today. I was on a linebus from Umniuh Tmar to Shillong.
Shillong, July 1: Twenty Khasi were seriously injured when they were attacked by a mob in Nahar Punjee, part of Moulvi Bazar's Srimangal Upazila in Bangladesh.
On the issue that the people of the state do not accept the NPP in Khasi and Jaintia, Kong Ampareen said, if the people in the state do not accept the NPP, how can the state be ruled by the NPP? “This is only a media report that the people have not yet accepted the NPP in Khasi Jaintia, because in the last election the NPP had the most votes and led the party. to the government in the state,” she said.
It invites all the coal workers from the coal miners, the shopkeepers and the drivers to the sellers and buyers of coal to attend the Durbar Bah of coal in Jaintia Hills. Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) has been invited to attend the public meeting invited by the JCMDA. The state government has turned into a resting place for politicians without any purpose.
He said there should be a team to fully implement the Commission and the term of the chairman and members should be only 2 years instead of 5 years.
Rihanna has just released her husband from Saudi billionaire Hassan Jameel in July this year, after three years of marriage.
The incident happened on the 19th of this month and a complaint was lodged against these leaders at Ladrymbai Police Outpost.
We have confirmed that we will not set a time but we have decided to meet again in November,” he said.
Although the motorcycle was stuck in the middle of the water, no one could go to help due to the high water and the heavy rain.
However, he congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah for taking this step and said that this is a sign of their concern for the people of the North East.
He also played for Punjab in the I-League title.
“We have already submitted the report of the investigation to the government in these days,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Nongpoh, July 12: The District Election Officer (DEC) has released the final electoral rolls of five Assembly Constituencies in Ri-Bhoi District including 8-Mawhati. 9-Nongpoh, 10-Jirang, 11-Umsning and 12-Umroi were also handed over to various Hima political parties in Ri-Bhoi at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
“We have approved this committee and directed them to complete as soon as possible the recruitment of experts to be members of the Expert Committee. members to discuss and advise the government regarding the amendment of the Reservation Policy,” he said.
“Within the area of ​​5 hectares, the Divisional Forest Officers (DFO) have been empowered to issue licenses to verify the land that does not exist or is not forest. ", he said.
Up to 130 people have died in this incident, many of whom have died due to inhalation of poisonous smoke.
Bah Marshillong said that one of the problems faced by the village is that some women are left behind by their husbands and have to support their children.
Bun began to cry.
He wants to play in the biggest tournaments in his career, so that he can win the Ballon d'Or for the first time and other awards.
“Such support will not happen in the MLA elections because they as a party will try to win many,” she said, adding that the BJP has already counted its own count in the MLA elections. with the goal of forming a stable government.
On the NIA's summons to the HNLC leaders especially at this time of the peace talks, Dr Mukul said it is the government's lack of action to ensure that such things should not happen. create doubts and destroy trust.
“He said they didn't complain at all but asked where the money went.
Turn to the last paragraph and see what Conrad says.
The BJP won in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh while the Congress won the elections in four of the four states. I won in Telangana.
He said that the village governance is exactly like the Khasi, they have their own Rangbah Shnong, Secretary of the Executive Members and there is also a Dorbar Shnong.
Some of these programs include the search for talented players in 14 sports from all blocks to the state, three training centers in accordance with FIFA rules, hockey training and swimming training centers in all districts.
There are two basic laws to these issues where there should be freedom in the family.
The party said it will contest in 50 out of 60 constituencies and its target is to win 15 constituencies from Lum Garo and 18 from Lum Khasi-Jaintia. to form a government in
The Lakhempong Festival is the Raid Festival of the Four Nongtung Kurs.
However, after the NGT order ban ban the transportation of coal, the family's income has started to decline.
He said the party will also ensure the immediate implementation of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), 2016 across the state to ensure that all foreign workers should register themselves.
New Delhi, July 9: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will not practice yoga at Rajpath on July 21, which is World Yoga Day, the Foreign Minister said. government of India, of the Gospel of Swaraj.
The hotel is said to be fully equipped as a restaurant and gym for its leaders and is located in the Iraqi city of Mosul, media reported.
Shillong, which has been known as the Scotland of the East from time to time, has become more and more colorful with the passing of the days and it can be said that it is now one of the most beautiful places. these days in terms of the market.
The last words of Bah Ardent before leaving the office of the Chairman were, “Good job,” he shook hands and left.
According to him, the government will meet again soon to discuss this issue.
The reason is because the USA knows what Israel is.
They don't need to carry swords like they do to the Boro people, because the people's leaders of all parties, village headmen, wealthy people, contractors, civil society leaders and our women, say “Welcome to After the attack on the World Trade Center in New York on September 11, 2001, known as 9/11, I saw on TV a documentary film saying that those young men Muslims who were martyred on that day believed that in heaven, they would marry seven virgins.
We may not understand that spirit at work, but we must examine ourselves whether we give glory to God or to ourselves. For it is harmful to take the glorious part of the Son of God just to be praised in the eyes of men.
When you come like that, doesn't it end? Does the HFU also turn its back on that longkmie? Isn't it time to investigate him?
Shortly after, they were taken to the Frontier HQ of BSF Umpling, Shillong where they were welcomed by BSF personnel led by Shri Sudesh Kumar, IPS. Inspector General of BSF, Tripura & M&C Ftr in the presence of DIGs Meghalaya, Mizoram and Cachar and Tripura Frontiers including officers from New Delhi, Kolkata and MHA officials. They discussed many issues related to the border between the two countries, which are still pending.
Speaking after the appointment of East Bengal as head coach, Debabrata Mukherjee said they are delighted to have brought in this coach who has a lot of experience in football. India and therefore expect him to help the team to improve in the tournament.
Therefore, the public is advised to keep their belongings safe in case they are caught in the wind.
Nongpoh, November 11: After 33 years of service, the Iewmawlong Govt.
Besides the prayer songs, Kong Rika Lamar was also honored and awards were distributed to the winners of sports.
“I invite all the leaders to share their problems and their opposition to the BJP, so that I can explain to them,” said the BJP spokesperson. He said that the Congress especially in the state has spread by spreading that the BJP is a Christian and this is a false news to mislead the people.
The meeting was opened by Shrenly Khriam Joint Secretary of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee in the presence of members and office bearers including Secretary Arlast Pyngrope, Hasan Kharbyngar, Secretary Tympang Pohshna, Chief Coordinator of the Mawkynrew Cup, Presidents and Secretaries of 70 clubs in the area.
Lambor said the meeting was fruitful and the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma promised to take seriously the issue of setting up the C&RD Block in that area of ​​Nongkrem.
“The Minister of Transport, who is a businessman and owns many vehicles, doesn't this increase in petrol and diesel affect him? misuse or misuse of government schemes in the field of umphiang"
“This is an information and a reminder to all the Dorbar Shnongs of Khasi Jaintia Hills to stand firm with one mind until we get the VAB,” said Bah Blah.
Please see if you have received it.
The 50 lakh tyngka is not only for the planting of shynrai and the construction of the hub, but also for the construction of warehouses, staff accommodation, dam, purchase of vehicles, light solar systems and you bag buh um.
That is why the party has come to meet with the people to explain why the VPP has come into being.
We still remember the incident at Ksan and those coal miners who were trapped inside small, narrow, and tall crematoria.
“All this has been achieved thanks to the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnong, the Presbyterian Church and me as an MLA. The Water Resources Department has provided water supply at a cost of T.35 lakh and electricity has been provided by MeECL,” said Embhah Syiemlieh.
The project will include the Lower Terminal Point (LTP) at Raid Laban Forest Nursery which will be constructed within an area of ​​11,146.96 sq. km.
The decision to hold this large rally came after the Sandeshkhali protest that women from rural areas who have proved that they have been raped by TMC leaders in with the participation of the recently arrested leader of the party, Sheikh Shahjahan.
The program includes well-designed training methods, including teaching through virtual riding simulators, discussions and feedback using Kiken Yosoku Training (KYT), and for those who have already ridden two wheels to improve their skills through slow riding and riding on small lyntang.
Flymingstone Tyrsa Education Secretary of the union, speaking to the media after the complaints of the students from time to time, that they find it difficult to read books in the library, due to the lack of enough rooms and seats.
Shah said these are great achievements achieved under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and without peace and stability, it is impossible to bring together groups that bring about economic development, education and development. health.
He said that these products have been recognized only as forest products by the Forest Department of the state government and it is necessary to alleviate the problems of the farmers.
He said that all the food and drink, petrol comes from Assam and the struggle is against the government and demanded that those involved in the killing of villagers in the state should be arrested immediately. give government jobs to their families.
Faith is the free will of man. Some believe in God in Jesus Christ, some believe in mountain gods, some believe in Satan or demons and when they believe they worship them. .
Nongpoh Town Committee provides vehicles for the procession on the 30th To ensure that the procession on the 30th in Shillong will be successful and well attended by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh Proper and The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) has also provided vehicles to transport the residents of 20 villages in the Nongpoh area.
“Two months after the Finance Minister promised to assist the District Councils, we have received a letter from the Central Government that it has allocated up to T.1000 crore.
Their working hours shall be only six hours, and the salary of the Chowkidar shall not be less than 25,000 rupees per month.
The book was launched at a meeting held at the KHADC headquarters by Bah Jambor War, EM Incharge of the Elaka, who was the Chief Guest.
He also urged the residents to send their children to school because knowledge is a sword that can be used when necessary.
The cleaning ceremony was attended by the Dorbar Shnong Smit Pyllun, BDO Mawryngkneng Block Bah D.Wahlang, PHE officers and the public. of the four villages of Smit.
The government authorities have also imposed a curfew to prevent people from interacting with each other during this time of coronavirus. The search operation continues after the sound was heard on the 20th July
Among the constituencies with the lowest turnout, South Shillong had the highest turnout at 62.10 percent while Mowkaiaw had the highest turnout at 92.73 percent.
In the midst of despair, The people also cried out, but suddenly the light came, The bright morning came.
Six cases were reported from Mawiong, six from Mawkawah and eight from Mawlarshong.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit has slammed the ruling Congress party in the state, alleging that the party has failed to run the country smoothly. can bring development to the people of the state.
On the other hand, Bah Lasting Pala, congratulated all the residents of the area who have joined in this protest today and hopes that the repair of the road will be completed soon as planned. The ADC has not been appointed, otherwise the JAC will not be able to participate.
Shillong, July 5: Twenty days after the arrest of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, he has stepped down from the throne and has been replaced by his son. Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem and Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, who is 29 years old.
God has blessed the poet Soso Tham with an unprecedented talent and I find that the writings translated into Khasi by the poet are more shocking and easier to read than the original writings in English.
Regarding these factories, the three organizations said that they will meet and submit a letter to the KHADC as they have not yet received the NOC from the KHADC. Also present were Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC West Khasi Hills, Hamar Lyngkhoi President HANM WKH, Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh President HYC West Khasi Hills, Mawkordor President HYC Mawshynrut and others.
The Thadlaskein Sports Association (TSA) has announced that it will hold a Badminton tournament on the 28th of this month at the Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Hall.
However, when they were defeated, they were in jail for only half the time, because the promises did not match the work they did.
After the Bri Hynniewtrep failed on Republic Day 1950 (26.01.1950) to receive the status of a State under the First Schedule of the Constitution of India, the Bri Hynniewtrep was covered with the right to become a State. Hynniewtrep and Assam (as UKJ Hills Autonomous District within the State of Assam) from that date.
“Sometimes those who have shots on their heads look like tanks,” said Jam.
“Support from the community on humanitarian issues will protect the lives of TB patients and help achieve the country's goal of ending TB by 2025,” he added. and Dr.Mawrie, State TB Officer.
Because they have fallen into poverty and hunger, even those who do not steal will have to steal.
The CSWO has strongly condemned the statements of the Commissioner and Secretary in-charge Home (Police), who has said that he will not call for further talks. as public servants they should not make such statements.
When inquired about the reasons why the company has left the work even after receiving the tender, the PWD officials said that the reason why the company has left is because of the jyrwit. These are the reasons why the state government and the DC's office have not been able to provide land for this road.
His visit came after he inaugurated the Secondary School of Rama Krishna Mission in Shella.
This happened on 30th November, 2015 at Rilong village in Ri-Bhoi district.
Nurul, the officer in-charge of Ampati police station, was charged with raping two girls on 13th and 31st October,
Not only is she a strong woman, but she is a strong, hardworking young woman with a strong and strong body.
There are 70 % labourers, 12 traders, 7 government employees, 4 teachers and 18 % farmers.
Abujahmad is an unexplored area in the state, said to be larger than Goa, and has been under the control of Maoists.
“There are projects which we have completed like the Science and Commerce College in Mawphlang but the contractors have had to stop the work due to lack of funds. “The state has not yet received the money for the first time and the Secretary has agreed to release the money as it belongs to Meghalaya,” said Prestone.
The Behdeinkhlam of the Raij Mukhla will be attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and other invited dignitaries.
After that, the journalists also had the opportunity to talk to the coal traders of Shallang area on this issue and the Shallang Area Joint Action Committee which is one of the unions of coal traders of Shallang area. He expressed his regret over the presence of many illegal collection gates which have also appeared to collect money only in the evening.
When asked where they intend to go, these foreigners did not give a clear answer and some of them answered in Shillong and others in Umsning.
On the 21st in all the district headquarters of the state, a bombshell ceremony will be held under the title “The Day of Mourning for the Secretary of the Government” and the bombshell ceremony will be held from 3 to 6 pm. In Shillong, it will be held at Malki Square.
It was through this political party that Arvind Kejriwal overthrew the Congress party which was in power in Delhi in those years and Kejriwal's righteousness has led other states to turn to this party. Seng Saiñpyrthei which has set itself the goal of eradicating corruption.
West Jaintia Hills District won the bronze medal in the Men's Team Event after defeating West Khasi Hills District.
He said there are 5,766 SSA Lower Primary (LP) teachers in 2,883 schools and 6,715 SSA Upper Primary teachers in 2,238 schools.
The department also urges the residents of the area to bring food and water so that it will not cause them any problems in case of traffic jam.
During the inspection, it was found that the residents of this area have to walk for many hours to reach Kongthong, the nearest village. Don't go to the hospital even for a minor illness.
The raid was led by Bah V Bamon, Enforcement Inspector of KHADC in the presence of other Enforcement Police of KHADC. There are also buildings in Nongpoh where shops have been opened in foreign countries.
According to information received, the incident happened at about 10 pm and the blaze was starting.
Police today raided the house owned by M/s IFA Enterprise of SS Net Com and seized 85 CPUs and many IRS scripts. SS Net Com employees were identified as Chritopher Kurbah, 23, of Lawsohtun and Kiren Damai, 39, of Digboi, Dibrugarh.
The AGP has refused to give a ticket to Mahanta, who is the MLA from Barhampur, a constituency he has won since he contested the 1985 elections.
ADIPR: A man has been robbed and killed by a group of four people at Daistong village, Saipung Police Station.
It is sad to see such disrespect to the Governor,” said Conrad.
At the same time, he urged others especially those who have a healthy body not to come forward to donate blood as it will be a great joy for the recipients and also for the loved ones of the deceased. that, said Kharbuli.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC Nongthymmai Constituency said that these tournaments are very important to bring love, unity and recognition in the village as a whole. He also congratulated all the students who are ready to take the examinations this year.
If anyone has any information or knowledge of the deceased please call the following numbers: Jowai PCR: 9774065467/ 03652-2
Speaking on the need to discuss the increase in cases of violence against women, she said that 58% of cases of violence against women have appeared on the website of the Meghalaya Police from 2007 to The state has witnessed many cases of child abuse under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act, 2012 or POCSO Act.
In a statement, the union said that it has conducted a search operation against foreign workers who come to work in the village without any documents to prove themselves; where they come from and without a proper certificate from the police department of the villages where they come from.
From this award, Dr. Sahai will receive the opportunity to visit the Department of Public Health Medicine, Medical School, University of Pecs, Hungary for 10 years.
The General Secretary of the Union of Chief Executive Members of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), Bah RL Blah, while speaking to media, said that the DC has convened this meeting to clarify and explain the rules and regulations. enforce this law.
On the allegation that there are corruption in the KHADC, u Bah Pyniaidsing expressed his surprise that yesterday the opposition did not congratulate the KHADC for the work of the KHADC. He said that no one has come to fight except the people of the government departments.
Conrad has not yet taken a decision whether to continue as Prime Minister by contesting elections or as MP. Conrad's term as Prime Minister will last six months and he will have to contest the election if he wants to continue as Prime Minister.
My statements will be based on my opinion, as a citizen and as an officer of the court.
The Athletics Committee of the MDSA has called selection trails for the selection of children to take part in the Meghalaya Games to be held in TURA. The trail will be held at Sakwang Playground on the 16th/12/2023 at 8:00AM. Players must bring their own documents such as Aadhar card, birth certificate. The events for BAM are: Men's 100M, 200M, 400M, 800M, 1500M, 5000M, 10000M, High Jump, Long Jump, Javelin Throw, 4X100M, 4X400 Mixed Relay.
Danny Shylla scored the first goal in the 29th minute for Tpepswer.
After the meeting, the union has decided to give only 10 days to the land owners and coal owners to evict all the foreigners who are in the area. Therefore, the union will have to take other measures to expel these illegal foreigners.
Israeli troops immediately withdrew to Gaza and the West Bank, killing 230 people in these parts of Palestine in an Israeli offensive known as for Operation Iron Swords.
Shiva Thapa (52) has committed suicide in Salaroh, Jowai.
Shillong, March 24: The BJP Meghalaya has said that Congress MLAs will leave their homes after November this year to join other political parties ahead of the MLA elections in the state next year.
The Umtrew River is the New Umtru Hydro Electric Project (NUHEP) in Meghalaya and the presence of the dam has attracted many people. Those from outside the state, especially from the neighboring state of Assam, flock to visit and use it as a place to eat.
“I have already made it clear that any incident or harassment you encounter please inform the district authorities, we will ensure that such incidents should not happen in the implementation of projects that are for the benefit of the people. the future of the people of the state," he said.
The JSU's protest is also part of the protest against the Central Government's refusal to issue Inner Line Permit to Meghalaya.
About 300 people from the Bawm ethnic group, an ethnic group with similar customs to the Mizos from Bangladesh, have migrated to Mizoram in recent months.
Dio Khongmawloh (59), of Siatbakon (Kharai), passed away on 8-8-2
Shillong: The Seng Kur Mylliemngap Iewpomtiah, together with the Kurs of the Hynniewtrep Hills, has put in darkness the entire Kur of Mylliemngap, which has brought shame to the women and men of the Kur Mylliemngap, on the basis of the Mylliemngap clan. the General Secretary, Rot Association of Meghalaya; which doesn't feel good like those leaders or members.
We have to understand that the people are waiting for us,” he said.
It cannot be said that if the present Executive Committee uses its powers properly, it will receive a lot of revenue from the goods produced in Jaintia Hills but the Executive Committee has not found anything to benefit it. The council has decided to set up check gates of the Dolloi in each Elaka to collect the agricultural products from the people who earn shiphew. The cement factories and coke factories earning crores of rupees per day in Jaintia Hills are exempt from the laws of JHADC Jowai.
Those who wish to participate in the cycle and marathon can register at the Jowai Traffic Branch.
Witnesses said the clashes took place in Daspur (Paschim Medinipur), Kakdwip (South 24 Parganas), Raninagar (Murshidabad), Saktinagar and Barshul (both in Purba Bardhaman) and Minakhan (North 24 Parganas). the police chief in an interview with reporters.
Heroin is usually mixed with pills, pills, soda, baking powder, or milk.
There are more obvious enemies than friends who not only turn away but also turn away completely later.
Speaking to reporters, Pynshngaiñ said the state government has started to expand its boundary by knieh Saitsohpen, Sohra which is under the jurisdiction of KHADC. also under the Sirdarship.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The absence of Purno Sangma or Neiphio Rio, Chief Minister of Nagaland, as Cabinet Ministers, has shocked the leaders of the National League for Democracy (NLD) in the state today. Also, what is the view of the BJP government in relation to the indigenous parties or in relation to the North East.
It is their responsibility to keep those promises.
“He said he shares the feelings of the people and the teachers' groups because they are well-founded because they need to solve the problems faced by the schools.
When contacted by phone and WhatsApp, the SP of East Jaintia Hills, Bah S Nongtnger, did not respond.
At the same time, the union also expressed the need to set up deaddiction aftercare rehabilitation centers which the union will take over for the purpose of finding land and also to explain to the villages to welcome them. .
“It is because of the President's order that we have to work with the Alliance, we have to follow the UDP which has 6 MLAs, we have only 2 MLAs, when the UDP has decided we too. both of us work together, both of us work together,” said Renik.
Pala said he has not seen the mining plan prepared and sent by some of the coal owners so he does not know what they have created to start the mining according to the coal mining plan. age scientific city now.
“It will be difficult to ask what issue we can discuss, because it is an issue that still needs the parties to continue the dialogue, but if we get the opportunity to discuss this, mat, we are ready to take up and discuss this matter too".
“Since 2013, the AJYWO has opposed the attempt of Vincent H Pala, MP Shillong Parliamentary Constituency to build a railway line. The Lanka-Sutnga Railway Line has been opposed by the present State Government to bring a railway line in EJHD until the ILP or other laws are passed. who are strict to curb the free flow of foreigners into the state in order to protect our minority community.
The room is yours.
On the other hand, Congress candidate Gabriel Wahlang, Rowell Lyngdoh, Minister of Law, Government of Meghalaya, said that the VAB is an issue for the Congress party. He said that many leaders have misled the people and have confused the minds of the people and many times they have raised unnecessary issues by producing u. “The leaders have stirred up the people because of the VAB,” said Bah Rowell Lyngdoh.
The dignitaries who attended the ceremony were from all political parties and civil society organizations to pay their last respects to this great leader of the state.
Thank you for reading urupang.com.
It is to be recalled that during the hearing, the HC said that there seems to be a lack of attention by the government to curb the illegal mining of coal. try to hide those who have hands.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : Apart from Shillong, the flag was hoisted by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the guests who hoisted the flag in other districts and Sub Division is as follows.
-B.M.Lanong On the 1st October 2019, it was announced at the SDO Sohra office that Balajied Synrem has also qualified to contest from among the six candidates for the mid-term elections from the 26-Shella Constituency, which has 29542 votes. I said with certainty at the meeting at his home in Sohra, that he has a reason to win for the following reasons and because of his father, who had a -kupar (Donkupar) but he didn't give it to Balajied.
“When the public awareness campaign on fish farming was conducted, more than 50 people from each village attended,” said the GM. However, the training is still underway and after this, the government will provide schemes to the fish farmers.
Luiz Suarez, who was scoring for United. Initially it was ruled that the goal was offside, but later through VAR, it was ruled that it was the right goal. scored in the 12th minute of the match.
According to information, this food allowance provided by the government is very small and has been in existence for several years without being increased or renewed.
The Indigenous Tribal Leaders Forum (ITLF) in a statement in recent days has announced that it will not participate in the peace committee set up by the Central Government from to restore peace and stability in Manipur.
The union recalled that the Home Minister of India, at the NEDA meeting held recently in the presence of all the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States, gave a speech. that the NDA Government intends to expel all illegal immigrants from India.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Don Sumer said that he will invite all foreigners who drive commercial vehicles in the state and will also invite the owners of Khasi vehicles to ensure that the employer of He said that he will also invite the Associations of Commercial Vehicles to help identify the number of foreigners driving commercial vehicles.
The purpose of Aadhaar is also to identify citizenship in India.
However, he said that although China will appoint anyone, he will be ready to open the door and work together to bring about improvement in relations between the United States. States and China.
The Waheh Shnong of Mynkrem Shangpang, Nidamon Shullet expressed his gratitude to the Ramakrishna Mission for providing these food items during this time of lockdown.
Jowai, Nailar 01: The Hynniewtrep Territorial Organization (HITO) led by President Pynbiang Rymbai and its members today submitted a petition to the District Veterinary Office. and Animal Husbandry District Jowai to raise awareness on the problems of the farmers of Jaintia Hills especially those who are farmers.
After receiving the letter, Bah Shanbor Bran went to the police station to hand it over to the police.
Pastor HCT Sumer as the chief guest said that becoming a writer is not an easy job but you have to go through many challenges.
Two policemen from the police station have searched the scene of the incident and have taken away the items recovered from the house, including a jainspong left by the police. the police chief said.
The matches on Saturday will be between Sankhat SC and One Soul Utd Pdengkarong at 12:00 pm, Thrang Chynnam FC and DS Demthring at 2:00 pm.
On the other hand, Wanbhakupar said that the KSU's visit to the residence of foreign workers of the road construction company which is located in one of the places in Mawthung Marwei village was after receiving information that there are newly arrived foreign workers.
Sambor Surong said that through this club, they will provide training to young people who want to play adventure sports and mountaineering.
“I was here to help and I will always be right here to help.
Secretary together with other office bearers, the term of office of these office bearers shall be for 3 years.
He said that he has tried to find ways and means to set up a museum and a scientific research center in this village.
Congress leaders Manish Tewari, Navjot Singh Sidhu, Amrinder Singh Raja Warring, Pawan Goel, Hardyal Singh Kamboj and Angad Saini have also faced the same blockade.
He added that if the corrupt eat 50 and 50 they implement, but when it comes to our area, they don't leave even a little bit of food without human feeling.
After receiving a complaint from many job seekers that the Institute has not issued proper advertisements in the newspapers, the union has met with the Principal of the Institute. During the meeting, she found that they had advertised only in employment news and on the internet.
Two MDCs who have not resigned yet are Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, MDC of the Congress from Mawsynram and Sanbor Shullai, MDC of the NCP from Laban-Mawprem Constituency.
Shillong: The President of the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MGLPSTA), Bah Birbor Riangtem, on Tuesday said that it is the government which has forced the teachers to violate the law. You can go to the Secretariat, because the government doesn't see you, you can't go to the Civil Hospital.
They are also required to stay for two nights at their accommodation for the first two days in order to receive the E-Invite.
I hope and pray that our leaders are prepared so that no one will be able to deceive them.
The Waheh Shnong of Panaliar, Ma Riquoma Rq.Laloo, has called upon all the people to cooperate with the Shnong of Panaliar to bring peace and prosperity to all.
However, although there is no more lymbung, the quarrying continues, sometimes stops and sometimes starts again.
The fair was held today at All Saint Hall, IGP Point, Shillong to open up the opportunity for the students to plan their future in education.
The second semifinal or eliminator will be played on November 5 between Niaw Wasa and Nangbah Mulang.
Don't be too proud to be Shuki minister...I'll get my reward.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Dorbar Bah of Hynniewtrep Village Authorities (UVH) held on 30th July at Polo Ground has completed its 10th anniversary. I would like to thank all the people who have joined hands with the Union in its journey.
The complainants alleged that the Lumlakhiat Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Edward Shadap, his son Edmond Laloo and Secretary Tisis Phira had given the approval in April on the 5th June 2024 for the eviction of these three members of the Dhar Kur including Bah Biktor Dhar, Balen Dhar and Meloris Dhar.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : The Working President of the UDP and Minister and Spokesperson of the MDA-2 government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the MLA election in Sohiong Constituency will not affect the relationship between the UDP and the NPP. lead the MDA-2 government.
The meeting was also attended by Samla Michael Firstborn Madur, Vice President Mondal Jirang, Pradeep Marak, Secretary Same Sangma and other members of the BJP. Mondal Neighborhood.
Nongstoiñ, July 14: Everyone has his own gift from God the Creator, whether he is physically fit or disabled. There are many reasons, whether it is from the fall or from many other events.
This day was first celebrated on October 15, 1983.
The award ceremony was held after the football players of the school returned from Delhi today.
The NPP through Prestone Tynsong and Conrad Sangma have condemned the Government of Mukul Sangma and the Congress for not wanting to give during their time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that while there is no written request from the government to repeal the Act, HITO will not. Therefore, I would like to ask you to join hands to fight against this Act because most of the actions and words spoken by the government are wrong.
And this may disappear in the future, if we cannot prevent the transfer of jait to children from non-Khasi fathers.
The Super Division tournament was inaugurated by the MLA of the constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in the presence of members of the Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association and football fans.
The Government through the department in charge of these people should have implemented the assistance to these people properly.
“This doesn't make sense for the government to help the people especially the poor,” said one of the elders.
The results of the HSSLC examination 2020 conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE), Tura will be announced on the 9th of this month.
They have joined us, we have participated in the decision and there is no doubt except for the private leaders,” he said.
For more information on the programme, please visit the website www.yessmeghalaya.
The Minister said that the rules include the ownership of the factory, the share between the State Government and the company, the payment of the debts of MCCL and also the arrangements for the employees of the factory. who are still within the industry.
On this occasion, Conrad, CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, said that it is the responsibility of the Prime Minister to speak because he does not know that there is such a law which the District Council has been empowered by. year 1952.
Speaking at the meeting, the CEM of JHADC said that all those who have not received the Sanad today, should come to the office of the JHADC. The JHADC shall consider them and take a decision to issue or refuse to issue a Sanad.
He also warned that if the village catches such people, they will be sent to collect the garbage they have broken and urged them to use the garbage bins that the village has set up. .
The last election was held in 2015, when the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) won 67 out of 70 constituencies.
There I had a long conversation with the Head Chef of the hotel.
“It is my defeat in the election that reminds the people of all the works he has done” and this makes them think that “all the works that we think are just happened”. “It's because Bah Paul has taken over as an MLA”.
Apandan of Marak took 3/43 in the first innings and scored 7/9
The 10 constituencies that the HSPDP has won are from Jaintia Hills and Sutnga-Saipung.
The Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai urges all the residents to follow this good example for the future of employment for the sake of clean air. and other benefits of trees.
The driver of the auto was identified as Dhiren Chandra Barman of Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
In these letters, Bah Pynshailang also suggested to the people that it is time to change the name of Meghalaya to the name of the country.
Lucky Star Pamthied, Assistant Secretary, said the union has also decided to work with the government authorities to stop these people from damaging the fish.
Shillong, June 04: Heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused the collapse of roads, bridges and houses due to landslides.
Earlier, in 2011, during the release of Rockstar, Ranbir said that he doesn't like to eat beef. This is the place where you can bring us to eat.
Brichyrnot village has failed once again after the Sengbhalang and the residents of the village have expressed their opposition to this public hearing.
Because as it is known, Bakhmut is a way to make it easier for Russia to capture the two largest cities of Ukraine including Donetsk, Kramatorsk and Sloviansk if to knieh first the Bakhmut as it was planned from the beginning.
There are three verses and a chorus of four lines.
He also urged the youth who have reached the age of 18 years before or on 01.01.2024 to register their names on the Electoral Roll so that they can take part in any elections.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shakliar Warjri expressed his pleasure to take part in the opening of this school which will benefit the youth and at the same time be a blessing to the society. district and the community.
According to information received today, these youths were arrested while they were taking the cows to the hill.
There will also be special awards for best player and best goalkeeper.
The initiative of these two residents of Loompyrdi Iongpiah to financially support this ASHA is a good example for others to follow to support these soldiers at the forefront of the health department.
Shillong, Lber, 16: The State Government on Thursday handed over the land titles to Varun Beverages for the construction of the Pepsi factory at Mendipathar. North Garo Hills for the development of this area.
The incident happened at Nongjngi Lumtrep and Nongjngi Iangkar villages at 12 noon.
In the points table, they have eight points from Group B and the winners of Group A will face each other in the final on the 30th of this month.
“The Look Act Policy is no longer just a look, but we should move forward to show it by action, and know it as the Look Act Policy,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah KD Wanniang, General Secretary HSPDP Mawkyrwat Circle in his speech expressed his satisfaction to see that the office bearers and supporters of the HSPDP from Mawten village are still strong. shisha, I fully support the candidate of this party.
When asked why the BSF troops opened fire on their truck, the Chief Superintendent of Police said, “We don't know the reason yet.
This Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, is also a sign of encouragement to all the parakur parakha near and far to be ready to take part in the three days Shad Suk Mynsiem. The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, Shillong, has organized this year's festival on the 9th, 10th and 11th of June at the Lympung Shad Stadium. Weiking, Jaiaw, Shillong.
We cannot say that we are saved because Satan, like a roaring lion, will fight to devour us or to devour us again.
Regarding the cases of COVID-19, Bah RL Blah said that the SRSBH urges the government not to disclose the names of those who have been infected with the virus but to disclose the numbers. as in the state of Karnataka.
The Meghalaya High Court has four judges.
He concluded his speech by saying to avoid child poverty.
Of these, 768 have qualified for the First Division, 938 for the Second Division and 139 for the Third Division.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee on Commercial Vehicles, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, on Tuesday said that the state government should increase the tax on petrol and diesel. drivers problems.
Besides Messi, three others have tested positive, including defender Juan Bernat, Sergio Rico, goalkeeper Nathan Bitumazala and midfielder.
When asked whether there will be an increase in the allocation of funds for the project due to the delay, the Minister said that he does not see that there will be such a project, but if there is, we will take action.
This meeting aims to than two-part dialogue channels between investment and entrepreneur groups.
In the first leg, Lyngdoh Maram SC beat Myriaw Sports Club 5-0
Shillong: U Ronnie V Lyngdoh today said that he will write to all the opposition political parties including the Voice of the People Party and the Trinamool Congress to discuss the issue. matters affecting the state.
Three months ago, a woman named Priskila Suchiang was murdered at Dona Skur Village on the 12th of July last year.
Speaking after a meeting with a group of MDCs of KHADC led by CEM, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, Conrad said, “After the survey, we have sent for consideration. the Outpost in the area and other places".
Also present on the occasion were Sama Philbak Marshillong, Secretary, KSU Tiniang Unit, Bah Kyrshanbor Marshiangbai, Sordar of Tiniang and others.
Therefore, you the voters, it is up to you how to elect candidates who work fairly for the community, the constituency and the people. person/love who has earned money but value it well to choose a person who takes care of his/her people.
The EM said that he will soon call the Syiem of Mylliem to discuss the matter. He said that the KHADC has also informed the Syiem that he will not issue a new NOC to the Syiem. that bar state.
On the other hand, JACNK has demanded the immediate removal of the Check Gate, which has been set up or built within the boundary of Khanduli village in Meghalaya.
The Janata curfew and the beating of the bell, the beating of the khiew, have brought about the unity of the country, at such a time of great struggle”.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 15 cases; in Nongthymmai, 3 cases, in Nongmynsong 3 cases, 2 cases of high risk contact, 2 cases of illness and 1 case of returnees.
Lakhon Surong of Malki scored in the 28th minute and Elhdji O Kamara in the 76th minute.
The State shall endeavor to secure for the citizens a uniform civil code throughout the territory of India.
The announcement was made by Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi at a public meeting in Tezpur, Assam today.
Police are still following up and investigating the shooting and it is suspected that these other groups are also gangs of robbers and it may be that the occupants of the vehicle, They were involved with these other groups who went to shoot that night.
This is just hypocrisy what else? On the one hand you are doing it but on the other hand you are still willing to demand.
The 1st prize is T.1,50,000/-, the 2nd Prize is T.00,000/- and the 3rd Prize is T.50,000/-.
These schemes aim to improve the income of farmers, promote sustainable farming practices and bring about economic growth in agriculture.
He said that when the Khasi people were attacked in Lapangap, Khanduli, Moojem, Moolber, Psiar and so on, even the SP did not come down. control of the High Command of the Conrad Government”.
This is to save the people from the hassle of borrowing money from various banks and also to save them from the high interest rates.
These items were distributed to the youth at a meeting held today at the District Library Auditorium Hall, Nongpoh.
When asked what he will do if he doesn't have a ticket and if the ticket goes to Dr. Khongjee, will he continue to contest? get ready, I don't have any doubt about getting a ticket".
Forty political parties including KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, CSWO, GSU, JSU, KWWDA, ADE, RBYF and AJYWO supported by many other political parties have already called for a curfew on Monday and it has been successful. .
This season, the festival is scheduled to be held for three days on the 9th, 10th and 11th of June.
However, when disagreements occur, they should not reach the point of confusion because it is illegal.
On the other hand, the RBYF 3 Shnong Unit also distributed jaiñkup syaid to the poor families of 3 villages including Umlyngkdait, Umryngksai and Umshangling as a New Year gift. be a year of plenty with a healthy body.
Hek said the PWD department intends to remove the two existing roads and instead of these roads they will build one from the Police Training School to reach the hawkers. market and from Public Training School to Forest Colony, these roads shall be known as bypass roads.
In the past, in the EIA 2006, the Government of India respected the environment but in the EIA 2020, it wants to introduce a markhongpong law. that this Draft shall be enacted and passed in Parliament, Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, and that if both the Houses approve it, it shall be implemented as a law throughout India and this shall affect them severely. It is located mainly in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Pohkseh, in its meeting today, has decided to hold a meeting to protect the village during the curfew. for the prevention of corona virus.
The program was led by Rev.RF Kharkrang and Chairman of the Youth Assembly, Mr.B.Kharmalki, Bah O.Wahlang and was joined by Mr. K.Nongrum and Miss R.Lynnong, members of NYKS and NYV of Shella Block, in the presence of the youth of the church.
On the part of the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang which was held on the 29th July 2017, it is deeply saddened that the elderly, the elderly and the youth, women and men cannot bear this loss of fire. This has affected the Umkiang area especially due to the heat of the day, or various jobs especially for the school children who are still studying.
All 32 states have now imposed a curfew and the Indian government has ordered that they can impose a curfew if necessary.
Mohammed Nafees Saddique earned 1/22 2nd innings.
“I don't want to tell them everything and I will see where this matter will go,” she said, adding that she is pleased that the ECI has taken action.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, while talking to reporters, said that the curfew has been in place without any incident. and no one has been arrested during the curfew.
On the other hand, UDP Youth Wing President Kyrmen Shylla confirmed and blessed the new office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing for the term 2022 to
Panah also went to work alone near the fire while Rida went to work.
The capacity of the Dairy Plant is now 8000 liters along with other dairy products.
The rain along with the cold and strong winds have damaged many crops in many fields and caused heavy losses to the farmers.
Shillong, June 22: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) on Thursday announced to hold an indefinite Non-Cooperation Movement after talks with the Chief Officers of the department. Pule Puthi today's Thursday has been successful.
He said that all the development works have been done in the country by the Congress party.
In the drama Julius Caesar, Kassius said: “Why, man doth bestride the narrow world like colossesAnd we petty men walk under his huge legs,And peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves...”And Dr John Roberts wrote: “Shish, man walks around the world, This is like a Colossus, We but the walkers, we walk under his great feet.
The deceased were identified as Jamkhogin Haokip, 26, Thangkhokai Haokip, 35, and Hollenson Baite,
He said the government should understand the involvement of some ANVC members who intend to join the GNLA and some who intend to form a new party and some who intend to join the police. , said the ANVC (B).
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The District Police of West Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of ADM DM Wahlang in the presence of Addl.SP of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Shemphang Syrti and his police team raided the police station. Iongnoh to open the church of God which has been closed down by the village authorities for about four months.
He said that the National Register of Indian Citizens does not exist to help identify the people who have entered the state and those who have stayed there.
Women under 50 kgs will fall under Feather Weight, 55 kgs will fall under Light Weight, Below 60 kgs will fall under Mid Weight and Women over 60 kgs will fall under Heavy Weight.
to the party’s other public.
The winners will receive a cash prize of T7000/- and 4 tree seedlings for the first place, T4000/- for the second place and 3 seedlings for the third place. There will also be a cash prize of T2000/- and 2 tree seedlings. There will also be 7 consolation prizes of T500/- each and 10 tree seedlings.
After this, the police have taken the necessary action, but nothing has been found,” said Guwahati Police Commissioner Diganta Barah.
He lives in Meghalaya and has an interest in speleology.
The deceased were identified as Vincent Lowerest Nongsiej, 19, and Laritngen Nongsiej,
The residents urged the government to take action and resolve this issue and under the leadership of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, the Revenue Department has been able to resolve the issue by bringing or issuing the dulir shongwai to the land government.
The spirit of rebellion does not respect anyone. It comes from the devil, Satan Lucifer. Therefore, we must examine the spirits carefully, whether they are from man or from God. we understand that we are living in the last days, says the Word of God.
It has 1707 households, 16 schools and 7 secondary schools.
"Why do I say that? Those who are selfish and selfish will die quickly because they don't need medicine and protection, they don't need alcohol and cow's milk.
“He said that he has confirmed that he was taken to Bangladesh by these robbers. He is now in the custody of the police under the supervision of SP Baghmara and his family members are still on the road. When asked whether the relatives of the tymmen basan have been demanded money to release him, the SP said that the police cannot say anything on that because that the relatives did not inform the police.
If we do this without fail, the loss will be great for us and also in the life and death of the country will produce the destruction and decline of the nation.
“However, while the Lamphang was expressing these issues, suddenly the BJP MLA, Bah Sanbor Shullai, stood up to oppose this statement and at the meeting, everyone gathered together to express their support. for the BJP candidate," he added.
The entry fee for each participant is T.100/- per head or group. The winner will receive a cash prize of T.1,50,000/- (One hundred and fifty thousand tyngka), the runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.70,000/- (Fifty thousand tyngka). The third place winner will receive a cash prize of T.50,000/- (Fifty thousand tyngka). There will also be three consolation prizes in addition to these three places.
Now, what are these parts that make a city a Smart City? Now, what are these parts that make a city a Smart City? A Smart City refers to many aspects of a city that make it complete and efficient, that improve the lives of citizens in terms of living, working and activities and living in the city. Civic amenities and facilities are available and are easily accessible even if you have to pay.
He said the government has prepared a good place to relocate them and as government employees they have no power to refuse but to accept the decisions of the government.
This is an injustice to the nation.
They also said that during the rainy season, many students from class 1 to degree become sohpdung and have to stay at home because it is not safe for them to walk on these bridges.
NHWU President Kenneth Swer strongly condemns the violence inside the hospital,” said Kenneth Swer President NHWU. “If there is a bandh or curfew, the hospital staff will have to leave their homes to provide services to all the people in need of health care and for example during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The procession enters the church and places the Stashu of the Infant Jesus on the Shyngoid.
This bill is known as the “Meghalaya Selection of Candidates for State Quota Seats to Higher Academic Courses, Bill,
The ILP of the civil society, the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule, the eviction of the Harijans from Iewmawlong, the lack of knowledge to resolve the border with Assam, all these, in fact, are The election will continue until a new government comes after the MLA elections in
AA Shullai, Barato-Mukroh MDC Aiborlang Shadap, former JHADC Chairman Laitsing Shylla and others delivered speeches to seek their support. of the people to win the Congress.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Federation of Meghalaya Adhoc Secondary School Teachers Association (FAMASTA) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma to seek permission from the Government. to allow Adhoc Secondary School teachers to contest MDC/MLA and MP elections as Higher Secondary School teachers have been allowed.
Shillong Lajong, on the other hand, have taken a 10-goal lead in the last match against Mawlai, and have to finish the remaining minutes on Thursday.
Initially, the family members of the child were able to talk to the child through the phone, but after a while they could not talk properly, because Kong Wancy Dorphang, did not allow the child to talk properly to the family members. , where they only got to talk for about a few seconds, that too just to hear the sound, but not to talk properly.
Tura scored 86 runs for the loss of all wickets in 21 overs and SGH won by 91 runs.
Meanwhile, Babadam Police Station under Rongram Police Station has received a tip that a man identified as Sengjon Ch Sangma, 25, resident of Chidaogre village near Babadam, has been arrested. , he took the same route to attack his own mother and behead her with a knife inside their house.
Speech was also delivered by Bah BA Tiewla, Research Assistant, District Planning and Training and also by Bah David Shangdiar, Sericulture Demonstrator, Ri-Bhoi District. such as ryndia insects and others.
How much can the MLAs and MDCs support, when other necessities, such as umphniang, shini, slasha, dai, ata, meat and other necessities to buy, have been destroyed. way.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who is also the MDC of Sohryngkham, said that the Executive Committee has no authority to hold the elections early or late.
The Syiems and Sordars were also directed to bring five members of their Dorbar to attend to give their opinion on the state of peace and order in Khasi Jaintia.
In the women's category, Coterie beat Tyllilang Basketball Academy 42-39 points while Touchline Basketball Academy beat Brawlers 29-24 points.
We have been waiting for our leaders to resolve the border issue for many years, but it has not come to fruition.
The election manifesto was launched by party President Bah KP Pangniang and party leaders at a meeting held in Shillong.
He said the title of the film is 'Sashsien'
Moodymmai, Royalpole Mihmyntdu and Mukhla Umlangshor won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Also present on the occasion were PWD Minister Bah Dasakhiat, MDC Grace Kharpuri, senior officers from various departments and others.
Jowai: Police from West Jaintia Hills District today led by DSP (Hq) Bah J. Marngar, OC Nartiang PS and a team of them together with the BDO of Laskein Block. Assam has immediately stopped the construction of its police station in the area.
Speaking to reporters, Joplang Kharumnuid said that Add.
Shillong, Lber 28: The party has made a big mistake in suspending the four MLAs just because they supported the MDA government. The Barak Valley Khasi People Welfare Organization (BVKJPWO) has decided to introduce teaching in the Khasi language in schools in the Barak Valley, so that it will not cause problems to the Khasi people living in the Barak Valley. in parts of Assam.
Not only in the North Eastern states which find it difficult to speak Hindi but also in the northern parts of India or South India where the central language spoken by the people is the same. in English.
A father who cut off his children's hair is still in jail after 10 years of arrest by the police for committing the crime which happened at Nongrah, Shillong on 30th June. , 2022.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, today replied to a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah regarding the additional courts in the Hima and Village Courts. subordinate court bad village court.
Jowai, Jymmang 08 : The Semi Final of the Chief Minister's District Level U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO). ), West Jaintia Hills District, today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
President: Deiniwan Lyngdoh
The speakers demanded and urged the central and state governments to take action on this price hike.
The rich man shall not be proud of his riches.
If India wins the final, it will be their fourth gold medal at the Asian Games and will also qualify for next year's Paris Olympics.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday expressed concern over Morocco's devastating earthquake that shook parts of the country on Thursday night, killing more than 600 people. Two people lost their lives in the incident.
As mentioned above, we need to understand the courses.
Also present on the occasion were Mawsynram MLA Ollan Singh Suin, DHS (MI) Dr R Lyngdoh, DMHO Dr SA Lyngdoh, officers and others.
“We need to remove, renew, abolish the rules that affect only one ethnic group and another and not implement this policy in the education sector because this is the recruitment policy of the government,” he said. even Adelbert.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Sengkmie has demanded that the new roster system should be based on the population ratio so that the youth will not be able to to get their rights and shares in government jobs.
To treat or treat the sick or the poor is not permissible at all.
The bank said it will also send a survey to the ATM field officers.
He explained this by talking about optical fiber to all the villages and the low cost data which has made it easier to get information.
According to the report, there are 13 coal mining factories operating in East Jaintia Hills while 38 other factories are not operating at all.
“The post of Rangbah Shnong is a service, unpaid,” said the Sohra MLA and added that if they get paid, it is up to the government to say otherwise.
Rimiki alone scored a hat-trick (7', 26' & 38'), Donald Dkhar scored two goals 14' & 25' and Sanhame Bareh scored 40'+1 arad to the second round of this tournament.
Besides the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the Khasi and Garo languages ​​to be included in the Fifth Schedule as approved by the Legislative Assembly, the NPP has also set a target to create 5 lakh jobs for the youth in the state. They include in the fields of employment or industry, tourism, agriculture, digital services and others.
The more good souls there are, the more suffering and sorrow.
The Elaka Dorbar of Raliang Elaka on 24th November has decided to ban the slaughter of wildlife and the burning of forests.
However, it is very pleasant to see that there are many different individuals, groups or businesses who are working to help those in need from time to time.
Up to 756 students, who have completed their degrees (UG, PG & PhD) from all departments, will receive their degrees on this day. .Jagdish Chief; Chief Minister of Assam, Shri.Sarbananda Sonowal and Union Minister of State for Electronics & Information Technology, Shri.SS Ahluwalia.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) and the Thma U Rangli (TUR) today strongly condemned several villages against the street vendors. I'm going to offer to sell kwai just to earn a living.
Referring to the development works within the constituency, u Bah Pius said that they will know when he has finished and promised to submit a proper report so that everyone can know and see. bun bah works that you have done.
Great.
Ma Alan questioned where is the basis of the government when the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Prime Minister are not clear in their speech.
Speaking to media in the city, Dev reminded the Minister of Information and Broadcasting and BJP leader Smriti Irani of the incident of rape of a child in Naliya. Kutch region of Gujarat.
“IIPH has used this campus without the permission or knowledge of the DHS(MI) Office and this means that it is an invasion of other people's property and it is appropriate to lodge a complaint against it. IIPH,” said Dr Aman.
Jowai, July 31 : The East Khasi Hills PM-Poshan Workers Union today held a ceremony to honor the Adviser Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat at a meeting held at the National Khasi Durbar Hall, Mawkhar. Mankara Kharjamuti is the Secretary of the party.
Regarding this issue, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that if the District Council can be asked to hold a special session to pass the Land Bill, He said that if this can be accepted, it will be easier for other District Councils in the state to take over the KHADC and the KHADC. The party will now go to the KHADC to meet and discuss this issue.
Therefore, in the midst of the publication of this article in this newspaper, I announce that I have resigned from the posts of (i) General Secretary HSPDP Mawshynrut Constituency, (ii ) Secretary HSPDP Seinduli Primary Unit, (iii) Asst.Secretary HSPDP Seinduli Circle, (iv) Secretary Election Committee HSPDP West Khasi Hills District and (v) Member CEC HSPDP of the Central Body.
The largest paid churches in Khasi Jaintia are the Presbyterian Church, the Catholic Church and the Church of God (M&A).
The incident occurred inside the lawbah and falls within the border of West Khasi Hills.
“We will take steps to reduce the damage but this will take time and the central government will also send its personnel as a sign of assistance to the state,” he said. state.
“This is an issue that needs to be addressed immediately because it is the children who will be affected if they lose their food just because they don't have Aadhaar and according to my knowledge there is no registration. Aadhaar for children in the state,” he said.
The stretcher was handed over by the son of Pear Rymbai, a resident of Chutwakhu, Jowai, to the WJDSA at its office in Northeast Jowai.
Sushri Nidhi Tripathi, National General Secretary, ABVP, has requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to look into the issue of students who go abroad and to talk to the World Health Organization (WHO). , along with other organizations, who are involved in the prevention of corona virus.
However, I don't want to lose this opportunity to play well in KIUG 2021, so I have tightened my knee so today I haven't been able to play well.
ai light Lan to these destroyers of the land.
This was on the 11th October, 2015 in the Assembly,” said Babu Ron.
Shillong: Forty MDCs have written to the Secretary of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) demanding a no-confidence motion against the Executive Committee of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) led by Dipul R. Great.
Manish Sharma scored 3/24 while Bipin Kumar Ray scored 1/9 and Agreas Chamcham Sangma scored 1/1
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday proposed to the state government to set up a Price Monitoring Agency (PMA) in the Consumer Affairs Department to monitor the price of food items. in the state from the shops of Dorjon to the shops of Khutia.
However, the presence of goats and cows in these areas has polluted these areas, because there is no fence and during the rainy season, the goats and cows enter to hide from the rain. wind.
We will talk first and it is up to the party to decide,” he said.
New Delhi: The RBI Governor, Shaktikanta Das, on Tuesday blamed the increase in inflation on the price of rice and milk. The price increase does not affect the villagers, because the villagers do not drink milk.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Archery Sports Institute (KHASI) today decided to file a petition against the decision of the Archery Department of the State Government for the to end the shooting in Polo and to join the shooting team in Laitlyngkot.
The DC also urged the voters not to rely on intimidation from gifts, offers or promises and also from pressure but to elect their leader freely. not to be controlled but to choose with free will.
The rich in the past supported any candidate they liked and helped them financially for their travel expenses, which the rich or businessmen used to do in the past.
With this in mind, these two teams have scored 10 points.
Rural residents, in particular, prefer people who can speak publicly.
The SC has now allowed the NGT to respond to the case on July 2 in Shillong, and has allowed the plaintiffs to appeal to the SC if the NGT does not open the door to the complainants. the basis of Section 14-3
Speech was also delivered by the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), Bah John F Kharshiing, who thanked the State Government for its assistance and support. I would like to express my gratitude to the Government, which has come forward to start providing scholarships to the children. competitions and cash prizes to those who win medals in tournaments or competitions held in the region, in the country or even abroad.
Tomorrow the match will be between Lumshken SC vs Diengshynrum SC at 12 noon and Ladrymbai-SC vs Shilliang Umshong SC at 2 pm. The Tour Guide Skill Training was conducted by the Community Institute of Technology (CIT), Amlarem in Amlarem Block in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills under the PMKKKY Scheme.
In basketball, Sakwang Sports Club beat Mawkyrwat Sports Association 13-12 while Rangblang A beat Sohkhyllam Sports Club 47-4
Besides the performances by the members of SBUK, the festival will also include two skits in Khasi to be performed by non-Khasi students, male and female.
Shillong, July 29: The Governor of Assam, Banwarilal Purohit, took oath as the Interim Governor of Assam on Saturday evening.
The Assam government has taken advantage of this by operating buses after receiving a directive from the Ministry of Roads, Transport and Highways at the North East Connectivity Summit held at Guwahati on 28th November
Born again of water and the Spirit of God.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya on 19th June 2013 has issued an order directing the officers and employees of 14 workplaces to work from home and to be ready in case of emergency. any needs.
“According to the government's announcement on 11th June, 1951, all 34 villages of Raid Nongtung are not in Block-II which is considered as the border area with Assam,” said Bah Shadap.
It has also been decided that if any of the employees are arrested and detained, all the employees will be arrested at the same time.
He said that the police shooting on that day has resulted in the loss of two lives and the government has not yet come forward and wants to hide the truth.
Members of the public can lodge a complaint through the Cybercrime Helpline Number 1930 and to the Police Control Room, Shillong at 0364-2215427 or 6009196479 for assistance.
Another thought-provoking speech in the Assembly was by the MLA from Umroi who said that 'the chowkidar also acts as a Civil Surgeon to those who come to the PHCs. the nature of Indian democracy is that sometimes jobs are run by small workers.
At the beginning of the dorbar, the report of the work and decisions of the Executive Committee for the past three years was read out by Bah T.Roy Marweiñ Secretary. The audit report of the fund was conducted by Bah Teiminot Marweiñ.
Shillong: On the morning of Thursday 27th July 2021, the Sur ki Mawlai residents held a Signature Campaign as part of the ongoing protest to convey to the Government the demand that the Government The court should give a fair trial on the shooting death of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the morning of 13th July 2021 at his residence. The signature campaign was first signed by the relatives of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and followed by the people who walked and stood through these places.
“I urge the youth and students among us to follow the example of this leader and also to preserve the name and honor of this great man.
There were 81,443 voters aged 18-19 years and 290 voters over 100 years of age.
Shillong, Nailar 18: After a tragic incident on the night of the 16th of this month in which three persons were shot dead by a crowd in Shnong Smit due to the allegation of Men-shohnoh, the village has decided to The Dorbar Pyllun of Men and Women has convened to discuss their views on this incident.
How many times has Jerusalem been besieged? About 40 times or so.
The MDC said that this was done in agreement with the Raliang Elaka authorities and the Rangbah of Sumer Patorship (now Sumer Elaka).
On the intention to meet with the constituency committee, the former KHADC chief said one of the issues is the expectation of the amendment of the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution of India. The constituency delimitation committee, which wanted to increase the number of seats, had to be formed first.
The Make Up Artist was taken over by Wandahun Swer and the group would like to congratulate Banrihun Mawkon, Stopper Tangsong, Delibaiar Guest House and the entire team of “Ki Mar Local”.
“We have natural resource management committees in 6500 villages.
The CPRS office, Shillong has trained the farmers through trainings on rice cultivation in a more efficient and modern manner.
These are the problems that have put the Government in a difficult position as the debt of the State Government is increasing due to the inability to repay the debt that has already been taken and the need to clear the debt that has already been taken. just finished taking new.
He said that if the people understand, they should think carefully, because as in the 2018 election, the NPP candidate from Nongstoiñ and the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma when he came to Nongstoiñ, they have falsely announced that they will allow mining and transportation of coal, but it has not happened because the Supreme Court has not allowed it.
Not only to improve the roads, but in all areas from health and schools I have tried to create ways and means how to get assistance to meet the needs.
Three of the country's men's boxers, including Deepak Bhoria (51kg), Mohammed Hussamudin, have been defeated in the Men's World Boxing Championship. (57kg) and Nishant Dev (71kg) won for the semifinals.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The residents of Riwar Mihngi area of ​​Pynursla have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's order to inform about the damage caused by the natural disaster to crops and houses.
The committee was formed at a meeting held on Friday at Diphu, Karbi Anglong District.
Police have registered a case at Laban PS C/No.123 (12) 2014 U/S 392 IPC. Others have been involved in theft and robbery around Shillong.
On the part of the President of RBYF Umsning Circle, Bah Balakmenlang Nongbri, he extended his special thanks to the teachers and management of the school. that responsibility to provide education to the students.
Indeed, these days are very different and very different from the days and times of the past.
England played strongly, but Scotland tried hard to allow England to score and the game ended like that, in which both teams, scored. he earned only 10 points.
He said this against the MDA government after the construction of the Inter-State Bus Terminal (ISBT) worth Rs 48 crore at Mawiong came to light.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong at a meeting held at the College today.
Shillong, March 29 : In the world of Khasi films, the names of Kamki Diengdoh and Elizer Bareh are no longer new as almost everyone has heard and known about them.
He said the BJP believes that money can buy votes but the Congress believes that hard work brings the fruits of victory.
We rangli-juki are treated equally.
He expressed his confidence that the UDP will win Sohiong.
Richa Ghosh and Jemimah Rodrigues have been promoted from Grade C to Grade B, while those newly promoted to Grade C include Meghna Singh, Devika Vaidya, S Meghana, Radha Yadav, Anjali Sarvani and Yastika Bhatia.
So far, more than 40 million people have registered on Google Play for Android and another 20 million have started playing the game.
The Central Government has not yet conducted any social audit in Meghalaya.
He lost his friend Pragnay Reddy (2 for 32) in the first innings but managed to score along with Tanay Thyagarajan (35) and CV Milind (50 not out). .
In this regard, Shullai strongly criticized the government for this action of the Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong which has caused problems to the patients especially the mothers who have given birth and who have had to sleep in the hospital. squares and in the streets.
“Officers should not be stingy by abusing their power and position but should follow the rules and regulations that bind them, the government comes and goes but the rules The law is the same,” said Bah Pynshngai.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Dr. Ampareen said that malaria is one of the killers in Meghalaya.
Ankit Chettri (4 overs: 19 runs: 2 wickets) and Abhishek Kumar Yadav (4 overs: 36 runs: 2 wickets) were the winners.
From Umsak, the road turns and goes steeply and turns east for about two kilometres.
“The proposal to build the Umtyra-Semasi road in East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya to Lubang Karbi Anglong District Assam will not only benefit income growth but will also promote tourism in the villages. They are inhabited by the people of East Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong District, which have famous valleys,” said Bah Pala.
Shillong, Nailar 14: On the occasion of the Independence Day of India, the President of India, Draupadi Murmu, has approved the awarding of Correctional Service Medals to Policemen working in Meghalaya Prisons. .
Dr Don said the education sector is one of the most important in the country and other countries are growing rapidly because they are focusing more on education.
Punit Singh Bisht (Guest Professional) will lead the team as captain while Dippu Ch Sangma will be the vice captain.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: Nine UDP leaders have left the party today, leaving behind their party to come forward to support an independent candidate who has been defeated. Airmarshall Diengngan from Langrin constituency.
“In Shella, the people have long had a desire to change the leadership but they are still from the same party, the UDP. this coming election," he added.
It was also in their shalyntem that they experienced the hardships, the sorrows, the hardships, the sorrows and the sorrows of life.
A little further away from this three-deck bridge, there is another double deck root living bridge.
As usual, he went to play in the playground near his residence and in this playground there was a transformer and so in his dream, he entered. the transformer is not installed.
Shillong, July 18: Speaking at a rally against the ban on beef, one of the Congress leaders, Bah John F Kharshiing, on Tuesday said that the government should sympathize with the synsar and lympat with the pylleng. Congress held on Saturday at Sohiong, a meeting organized by the Congress party.
These are the largest villages in Meghalaya.
There have been 3,689 deaths from the virus in the past 24 hours and 3.92 lakh new cases in India.
This is a disrespect to you.
Not only that, she said that through education, the culture of the nation can be preserved.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Mukesh Jain, Manager, M/s Rymbai Petrol Pump, Mawiong, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 7th of this month at 4:30 pm, two robbers were arrested. T.17,400 tyngka was stolen from a Tata Sumo (ML-10A-8373) driven by Jobin Muktieh and three trucks were stolen. The robbers, whose number plates were MP-09HG-6713, UP-84T-0597 and UP-75AT-0517, were located at the petrol pump.
However, it is also common for parents to be confused about how much freedom they should allow or give for their children.
The Paradise Forest Fire, known as the foothills of the Sierra Mountains, started on November 8, 2018 and has destroyed the entire forest and houses in the area.
This constituency was created in 2008 when the Nongstoin, Pariong and Mawthengkut constituencies were divided.
She also expressed her concern over the shortage of staff in PHCs and CHCs and Kong Ampareen said the government is aware of this and will meet with the Prime Minister to discuss this issue and other issues. problems faced by the district such as the supply of necessary medicines.
If we don't take care and appreciate these precious treasures, there will be others who will try to take care of them and destroy them, then we will never see these precious treasures again and they will remain like dreams.
At the same time, one of the suspects, Dulit Diengdoh, is not a resident of Umdkait, Nongmensong.
For more information, please contact Bah F Thangkhiew (87300-17829) and Bah R Katrai (87873-3
The vehicle was used by one of the officers appointed as the Executive Magistrate COVID-19 and who was responsible for the smooth running of the market and to ensure that people entering and leaving the market were not allowed to enter and leave the market. Market dwellers to follow the government's directives to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in the district.
Dadenggre, July 31: The Trinamool Congress on Tuesday welcomed Augustine D Marak, its candidate from Dadenggre, as its candidate from Dadenggre.
According to information received, the special meeting was convened to discuss and consult on issues related to the Sikkimese language.
These selected athletes have performed well and shined while representing their districts in the Chief Minister State Level Athletics Meet which was held this year.
But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the fools speaketh.
On Monday, 61 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 3 people died, bringing the death toll to 1438 in the state.
After a while, the police arrived at the scene to try to talk to them and allow them to break the garbage but the residents stood firm to resist and drove away the trucks because they were afraid of being killed. You have brought diseases and illnesses to them because of these diseases that have come to you.
The Chief Minister said that although they belong to different political parties, they have only one goal and that is to bring peace in the state.
Rev. JJM Nichols Roy was born on July 12, 1884 in Shella.
Together with the Government authorities and all the leaders, the weapons to fight against it will be – the hard work of the villages, the cooperation of the people and by strictly following all the safety measures especially – SMS.Shillong: U Waheh jong ka The body of a young woman who drowned on Sunday was found in the Sahksaw River in the Myntdu River in Cham Cham, East Jaintia Hills. District.
CEM of JHADC SM Suna, MDC Mukhla, N. Munish Singh, Regional Director ICCR, Daloi of Town, Daloi of Raliang and children of Raij Mukhla.
One of the most common causes of this disease is a sedentary lifestyle, the choice of eating junk food and drinking alcohol, smoking cigarettes or overeating.
Parties are only those uniforms or jerseys, those who wear World No.10 are Messi. We need Ronaldo, Mbappe and Neymar to shake the ball. In politics we need a leader like Ardent Miller. .
In the junior category, AZ Thotmachan of Manpur won the gold medal, Pynshailang Khyllait of Meghalaya won the silver medal and Vanlalruata of Mizoram won the silver medal. the Rnong medal.
Meanwhile, on the high bridge at Umiam, no vehicles carrying more than 20 tonnes are allowed to pass through the bridge. tons of cargo to pass at the same time through the bridge.
Madanryting Sports Club and Kick Start FT Academy won the SSA Under-14 (Boys) Football League 2023 on Saturday at Polo Ground.
Once again, the spirit of unity must exist as during the freedom struggle so that the complete independence according to the wishes of the past leaders will be achieved and all the citizens will be satisfied and happy. in all the necessities of their daily lives from food, drink, clothing, sleep, work, health, peace and so on without any you have done a shilliang.
Once the language has been recognized and protected by the Constitution of the country, no one can destroy the uniqueness of the Jaitbynriew.
This is a sign that evil is more precious than good.
Shillong, Lber 01 : Meghalaya continued to perform well in the Santosh Trophy by winning and reaching the final after beating Punjab 2-1 in the semifinal on Tuesday at the King Fahd International Stadium, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Arts and Culture, Govt.
The spokesperson also agreed that it is true that the buyer of the vehicle, who has already paid the money, if he cancels, the company charges 15 percent of the price of the vehicle. , which the customer wants to buy.
On the other hand, Dr. Kharkongor explained how the Pubon Cream in Mawmluh; one of the longest and deepest crematoria in the State has shown the characteristics sufficient to preserve the signs of the changing times.
The failure of the Fisheries Department to open the quotations on time and the failure to announce the names of the exporters on the same opening day who should have been able to export the goods under the PMMSY scheme has led to the Several of the drivers have expressed their dissatisfaction with the action of the department and have also suspected that there may be something behind it.
The President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, after the filing of nomination papers, said that his candidacy for the election is the demand of the constituency, the demand of the party, the country and the nation. .
Francis Makri from Umngei village in Ri Bhoi District is 19 years old and as a young man he has spent his time in this sport even though he is a young man. He came from a poor family and had to face many challenges in his journey to progress in the sport known as Kyokushin Karate.
Speaking as the chief guest at the celebration, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that according to the brief history, 15 families with the unity and desire to provide education He said that the MC has been facing difficulties since the beginning until now, but in the midst of difficulties, The MC has taken the initiative to upgrade the school and wants to upgrade it to Higher Secondary.
There are about 16 small projects that have already been identified as potentially generating electricity and these will be left to the private sector to build if anyone comes forward.
Regarding the felling of trees for the construction of the flyove, the court ordered that the felling of trees should not continue until the construction of the road has started.
On 27th and 28th November 2019, the Border Security Force (BSF) seized 175 cows from the border.
The Election Commission's order came hours after the censor board approved the release of the film.
Cricket has been held only three times at the Asian Games and was last held in Incheon in 2014 where India did not participate.
The 15 players selected are R. Jonathan (Nagaland CA) as captain, Nilesh Lamichaney (Sikkim CA) as Vice Captain, Kishan Lyngdoh (Meghalaya CA), Langlonyamba (Manipur CA), AR Ahlawat ( Arunachal Pradesh CA), Joseph Lalthankhuma (Mizoram CA), Prafullamani (Manipur CA) – Wicket Keeper, Dippu Sangma (Meghalaya CA), Jotin Pheiroijam (Manipur CA), Imliwati Lemtur (Nagaland CA), Palzor Tamang (Sikkim CA), Kishan Sinha (Manipur CA), Akash Kumar Choudhary (Meghalaya CA), Rajkumar Rex Singh (Manipur CA) and Nagaho Chishi (Nagaland CA).
At the end of 45 years we started to descend as if we were rudding another line segment to meet the base.
Shillong: The District Magistrate's Office today announced that the building of Julie Kharthangmaw in Block-D, Nongrimmaw and the house of Bah Anil Toi in Lower New Colony, Laitumkhrah. Abdul Bari and Sanisha Kharlukhi from Mawbah Barapathar, Block II of Mawiongrim from the building of Bah Talas Massar to Flower Nursery, Block IV of Mawiongrim from the house of MR Nongrum to the house of I. H. Marweiñ and Block IV of Mawiongrim from the house of G Lyngdoh to the house of IS Nongrum and the Nongdaneng and Rngi streets have been declared as containment areas.
He said that in the past, the MPs of the state have discussed this issue in Parliament, but it has not succeeded and now with the decision of the state government to take action by urging the central government to This demand for the recognition of the Khasi language has been strengthened.
A few days ago, Rahul Gandhi drove a tractor to Parliament, today he drove a bicycle.
Furthermore, the QR-code verifications ensured authentication.
In this regard, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has promised to send personnel from the Government to inspect all the Coke factories in Sutnga District, before taking The Environmental Coordination Committee (ECC) has decided to close down the Coke factory in the area.
The film also stars Alia Bhatt, Dharmendra, Jaya Bachchan and Shabana Azmi and is directed by Karan Johar and produced by Dharma Productions.
This program will provide training and various techniques to train them to be confident to stand on their own feet.
She said that she is still receiving support from FKJGP Khliehriat Circle which has requested for assistance and urged the Social Welfare authorities to take immediate action according to her complaints. to this branch of government office.
These permitted activities include the opening of hostels, crèches, sports activities in schools.
Skin health : Like other leafy vegetables, this fruit is rich in antioxidants, which appear to be important for the growth and development of skin cells. skin health.
Dr. David Ho, Professor of Microbiology & Immunology, has studied these bacteria in his lab at Columbia University to see how much they affect the body. Our human body can fight against this type of disease.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, Bah KK Tangsong, said that they met with Bah Prestone on the 16th of this month to inform him that if the government puts the capital of Sohra District in Laitlyngkot. , are ready to join the South East District of Sohra.
The people should sympathize as a critic—that is, at the time of voting.
The forward added his second goal through the 7
It is also mentioned how Thomas Jones at that time thought that people should be raised before converting them to Christianity" which was against what was done at that time.
In Aditi's third World Cup, she has broken the previous record of 705 runs set last month. Liko Arreola, who led the USA Senior Team, finished in sixth place with
He was also the President of Laban High School from 1977 to 1978, the President of Raid Lyngkhat High School from 1990 to 2006 and the President of Synod College from 1994-1 2002-2006.
On Tuesday, France said it had sent troops from the Navy Frigate Lorraine to assist in the incident.
Before the meeting, a prayer was offered by Sister Elizabeth Suchiang, Headmistress of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School Maweit.
View Mining Policy During the tenure of Bah DD Lapang as CM in May 2009, I was promoted from the post of Speaker to the post of Deputy CM. coal according to clear rules, so a committee was appointed to look into the matter.
Shillong, Oct 22: The Supreme Court of India, in a hearing with Justice DY Chandrachud and Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul, has quashed the order of the former Chief Justice of India. The Meghalaya High Court, which has ordered that the Meghalaya government should send police patrols to him in the Z Category, even after he has retired from the post.
At present, the UDP has only five MLAs and has been in power for five years without joining the ruling Congress.
Moreover, he strengthens him from weakness, he makes the mourner laugh, and heals the sick.
The union also urges the PWD department and the MLA of the area to turn to these villages to do whatever is necessary.
The time will soon come when all the farmers will unite to cultivate and eat, and only to share or exchange with each other, at that time, you have the money to buy and you don't get.
Other villages are Chyrmang Wah and Chyrmang Nein, Mustem, Iongnoh, Muphlang and Moosakhia.
On the other hand, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary Town Committee, said that the Nongpoh Town Committee has decided to send a petition to the Government. Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong also handed over a copy to the Minister in charge of Ri Bhoi, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Disaster Management, Kyrmen Shylla, Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem. and also to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Kong RM Kurbah to take action to expedite the relief measures to these refugees who have been affected by the fire.
To prove that China owns the southern part of the sea, the Chinese authorities in recent years have set up artificial islands, where and they put the weapons and the equipment of the soldiers.
As parents, we have often misled our children by thinking that giving them everything they want will make them happy.
He said that to encourage the farmers after seeing that they have increased from the FOCUS scheme, FOCUS + has been launched and through this 5000 tyngka has been distributed to the farmers through their bank accounts.
He said that the Circle has received letters from various units expressing their confidence in the leadership of Kong Banalari Khongwar as President and expressing their anger over the corruption of these members who are trying to lead. wrong and thew also to destroy the Party.
Enforcement in Ribhoi is also not working and DMR Inspectors are not working at Weighbridge.
After a while, even if the report is true or false, no one will believe it.
With the closure of petrol pumps, schools and educational institutions have also been closed.
“We have introduced a policy to promote self-employment to fight unemployment.
The kingdoms of Maram, Jaintia, Shella, Khyrim, Mawiang, Sohra, and others were called the Sword of Heaven.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said, “We have already decided that after the announcement, all the ADCs should immediately implement this digital for the purpose of to record real estate according to this era.
The project has been completed by October 2022 at a cost of T.673.04 crore including T.98.48 crore (October 2023) to be paid to the contractors.
She said that until these days there are children from very poor families in the village but poverty cannot prevent them from going to study abroad.
Shillong, Nailur, 21: Up to 266 foreign nationals have been arrested in Meghalaya in the past three years.
The house has 6 rooms.
On the other hand, the KSU has warned all foreigners who come to work in the state to provide Labor License and Work Permit. Foreigners should not be invited to work if they are persons who have not yet received a license or Work Permit.
However, on the other hand, there are two wheeler drivers who increase the traffic jam and endanger the lives of the people especially those on foot.
He said that the Khasi Pnar community has only about 16 lakh people.
Besides jain saris, BSF also seized 12 cows smuggled to Bangladesh from Nayabazar in East Khasi Hills district.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 24, RBD: 2 and WKH:
The Dorbar Federation of Khasi State expresses its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of Late Bah Peter David Rynjah, 84 years old who passed away on 18-3-2 .
Hanaman was an IPS officer from Assam-Meghalaya in
According to ACHIK, the Minister’s speech drew criticism for the lack of focus on development within the region.
Shillong, July 26 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has urged the Meghalaya Police Department to continue to work hard and fight hard to curb the spread of drugs in the State.
Arunachal Pradesh came second with the Lindum Kia Kia in 3:01:56 seconds and Thokchom Helen Devi added the medal to Manipur by coming third. I finished the race in 3:04:55 seconds.
“This preparation started last month and now we have taken more action after the HNLC has called for a curfew,” said Bah Kharkrang.
“Through RTI, we have received a lot of information, if there are land that the government has allocated to the private sector, for this purpose it is not for the public works, the government still has many land. to put this," he added.
The Food Corporation of India (FCI), Divisional Office Shillong on 04th November, 2021 held a tree planting program as part of the 10 month celebration of National Day. November, 2021 and will end on November 30,
Mawkyrwat, March 25: The Union of Village Authorities (SNS) of Rangblang area South West Khasi Hills District together with the residents and volunteers of the villages, various Sengbhalangs have expressed their deep sorrow and at the same time strong condolences. The robbers have set fire to a truck of a company constructing the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road.
One mother said, “I have not eaten the Lord's Supper for a long time, and I wanted to eat; but the Lord's Supper was led by the Pastors.
GM (HR), Shivendra Nath, PGM(CM), D.Giri, Sr.
He didn't know that there was no tree planting in Mawshun because there was no water.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah KP Pangñiang said that the construction of the monument at this place is not just for fame but has a profound meaning.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MEA) has strongly complained in a letter to Conrad Sangba about the lack of employment of state residents in the dewbilat companies in East Jaintia Hills District.
We as the residents of Ri-Bhoi, we have to inform here about these issues as it is because the ai jaitkpa is a very old custom in Ri-Bhoi and has been done since ancient times. your ancestors were ancient.
Shylla also quoted Ardent's interview with Rupang, published on 19th June 2017, in which Ardent Basaiawmoit said, “It's a personal decision, nothing can be said.
“Out of the 12 Congress MLAs who have joined the AITC, 7 have approached me and asked for tickets from the NPP to contest the 2023 MLA elections,” said Conrad. These MLAs are still in the Opposition and could be subject to the anti defection law if they leave now.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Bah SK Lakiang, from Umlyngka, Upper Shillong-5, has sent a complaint to the police. Shillong, on the replacement of the Central Government by the Central Government.
Shillong, June 22: Many former MLAs from other parties including the former Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh are now ready to join the UDP. Shillong, June 22: Ka Nongrim Hills SC beat Umphyrnai SC 1-0 in the First Division on Thursday at MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
During the meeting, they discussed the blockage of vehicles in the road due to the overcrowding of schools and colleges especially near the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Former AITC Chairman and MLA from Nongthymmai Charles Pyngrope, Minister of State Paul Lyngdoh, Congress MLA from Mylliem Ronnie V Lyngdoh and others attended the speech in honor of Timothy on his election as Symbud. Lightning.
After the post mortem, despite the heavy rain, the relatives were able to perform the last ritual before burying the remains of Wanboklang Kurbah at the cemetery of Marbisu Catholic Church, East Khasi Hills. Hills District.
England's David Cameron, France's Nicholas Sarkozy and Germany's Angela Merkel have admitted that they were wrong to welcome these people into their borderless country. the immigrants were from Muslim countries and they also found that these people were really difficult to follow the system that existed in the society.
According to district sources, Resubelpara, Jonglapara and Sualmari are the worst affected areas and there are still many areas that have not been informed.
These are the ways to convince the candidate to earn more money every time he visits the candidate.
He said that it is easy for the MLAs to give such a reason, because they are satisfied when they have been paid 10 lakh per month and now they have been increased to 2 lakh per month, but the constituency has been suffering for 40 years. .
Many times we witness vehicles in the morning when they leave for Shillong from different villages in Ranikor, Mawkyrwat, Mawsynram, Balat, Lawbah and also from that area, and in the evening when they leave for Shillong. in their villages.
It is to be recalled that the residents of Langpih area have alleged that the Assam police have planned to build a Police Out Post in the area which still falls on the border of Meghalaya.
The meeting was attended by Yvette Risa Mawlong SDO (Civil), Amlarem Sub Division, Rev. FrG Shangpliang, Father in charge of the school.
Because it was also said that there are thousands and tens of thousands of Thais living and working in Israel, especially in the fields of agriculture.
“The SAFF urges the residents of the state to be vigilant, strong-minded, not to be shocked when we hear from here and there, because there are many false news.
The Pakistan Sports Board (PSB) said that after encouraging the junior team of the country to perform well in the Asian Junior Cup in Oman, the Minister of Inter -Provincial Coordinator Ahsan Mazari has approved the release of the donation to the Union.
Before anything happens, the public, vehicles and motorists please do what is right.
While in Bengaluru, Eugene has won many awards in the country's football league including the I-League where he has won the Top Scorer award. in the I-League and in the last I-League he was named Player of the Tournament.
According to the permit issued by the government department, the capacity of trucks carrying goods to pass through the Damsait Bridge is 30 Mt, while the capacity of the Nar Bridge at Dwar Ksuid is 40 Mt. of the police will continue to check the measurements of how many tonnes these water pipe trucks carry.
Shillong: The CRPF headquarters at Mawlai Nongkwar will be relocated to a place provided by the government in New Shillong, said the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai. today.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the first decision taken at the meeting was that the Cabinet has accepted the holidays set by the government besides the Saturday and Sunday holidays. .
We are the Land of the Forty Kings, the Forty Kurs.
How can one who is still fighting for his soul over the death and persecution of those who sympathize with him still have space or time to do those evil deeds? Especially babies and pregnant women.
These power consumers are requested to increase their connected load.
Amlarem, Nailar 08: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced the allotment of AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA for the month of Nailar, 2023 and has been released. to Fair Price Shop stores until January 15,
If the development works in the rural areas are strong, there is sufficient transportation, health, education and income, there is no need to create those districts and sub-divisions.
For the film, the Khasi actress, Deiphi Mynsong, has asked for the support of the public. “Thank you all, happy evening to all of you, here I have to inform you of a very good news that the Khasi film called Iano phin kynnoh” will be released at The screening will be held on the 17th, July 2023 at Sohiong at 12 noon, 2 pm, 5 pm and 8 pm.
The district administration of West Jaintia Hills District has removed several speed breakers at three places and installed new ones at another place on Friday.
“It's true that the young man you meet really understands and thinks about life,” said the mother.
The court said it would resume hearing the case within three weeks.
He also declined to comment on the BJP leaders' claim that Meghalaya is not a Christian state and said, “I don't want to combine politics with religion”.
Liverpool won the Premier League title by beating Chelsea 5-3 at Anfield on Saturday night.
Deputy Commissioner, South West Garo Hills Ramakrishna Ch.
Conrad said that the support of the people has given them confidence that in the upcoming elections they will come back in a stronger manner.
Therefore, he promises that he will stand firm in his own right and has firm faith in his god- allah.
Shillong, June 3: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has arrested two teachers on charges of illegal appointment during the tenure of Education Minister. .20 lakh to the brother of Naga MLA M. Sangma (39).
With this victory, Argentina qualified for the knockout stages.
This is the miracle that God has done, just as Jesus Himself was resurrected with a spiritual body.
There have been 16 deaths from the disease since last night so far.
by rejecting the one for all applications according to the appeal.
The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma on November 9, 2013, said that the state government has the right to file a complaint against AITC spokesperson Saket Gohkale on the allegation of corruption but at the same time it should also file a complaint against AITC spokesperson Saket Gohkale. 632 crore through the Meghalaya Ecotourism Infrastructure Development Project (MAL).
Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang launched the vehicle carrying the message of “Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra” at the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat, Khyndailad, Shillong while also launching the Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas (Tribal Pride). ).
In the appointment of CEM, Lamphrang Blah received Market, Ronnie V Lyngdoh Development, Mitchell Wankhar Revenue and Forest.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that police have also seized a mobile phone, eight newspapers containing these drugs and a you can color iong.
The group of land dealers strongly requests the Government to take action to resolve the issue of land dealers which has been pending for four years.
Those who do not confess their sins are those whom the Word of God says, "Outside are the dogs, and the sorcerers, and the whoremongers, and the murderers, and the idolaters, and every one that loveth and maketh a lie.
The renaming of the museum at Teen Murti Bhavan comes 10 years after the opening of the Pradhanmantri Sangrahalaya in the ground floor of the same building, which was the residence of the country's first Prime Minister. Jawaharlal Nehru, the source said.
We cannot deny the numerous criticisms on the part of the rivals, from time to time, but from our point of view, one key point, is henceforth, what from the point of view of the critics “If you just criticize, the party will go and explain and give an answer to the people,” said Gavin.
So even when they were thrown into the furnace, they walked away.
“We don't accept at all this bill which puts the nation at great risk,” said Hamlet while condemning the BJP and the NDA government. It is on the grounds that the NPP will lead this government and that the NPP has stood firm from the beginning to oppose this Bill.
The war has been going on for 16 days and is the worst of the five conflicts in Gaza.
Biscuit seeds, rice seeds grown in Mairang, if cultivated in more dry areas such as Mawiong or Dongki, do not grow well.
At the same time, he alleged that the MLA of Jirang constituency has not taken action to address the incident of violence in Assam, which has shocked the people of the village that the leader has not come out as a leader. this is the case.
These companies will deceive by providing jobs to the youth of the country but these companies are like crocodiles that eat from within to destroy our country.
Speaking as the chief guest, Rgh Spiton told a little about the history of the reasons why the children's organization was established. They have been well trained in this children's organization, and now they have become intelligent people who have grown up in their own jobs.
He said that he doesn't understand the statements, but as the people they should not criticize without investigating the facts by trying to mislead the people of Mawhati and also to Nongkrem as he planned to contest. Nongkrem in this upcoming election.
The price of oil at Jowai and Thad Laskeiñ depots will be Rs.68.20 and at Shangpung SK Oil outlet will be Rs.71.20 per litre.
She did this after she had already bombed to beat up her own mother.
This may be the reason why the income in our country cannot increase rapidly and it is also a golden opportunity for others who are not our fellow citizens to deceive and get married by Happy birthday to the young women and mothers of our country.
Therefore, the people should be wise to elect their representatives and not just to lead like in the past, so we should not be stupid to elect their representatives in the years to come. .
Expressing the desire of the youth to move forward, Sangma said the Government has launched the YESS Meghalaya Program by providing financial assistance of up to T.1 lakh to all youth organizations in the state.
He said that he has heard the story of 40 different people, about this incident amidst the grief, but he thanks God that they survived this incident.
After the BJP came to power, it decided to eliminate the armed groups by signing social agreements with the illegal groups.
Replying to a question, Bah Sniawbhalang said the HPC has said that the size of the rooms proposed by the government is small.
On the other hand, HNLC Chairman Bobby Marwein and General Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw recently expressed their inability to take part in the talks until the government decides. be quick to drop all pending cases against them and also to sign a ceasefire agreement.
“In the morning they have to carry the goods and in the evening they have to carry them back to the warehouses by paying a high transport fee,” said Najiar.
The construction of the solar light project has started from Pandare village at a cost of T1.2 lakh and will soon start in Lum Tongseng, Sakhri, Sonapyrdi, Khaddum and Lumshnong.
Shillong, Nailar 25: A total of 550 students from Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) have graduated from the University, 240 from the University and 310 from Affiliated Institutes. They were distributed at a meeting today at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
“If this government has any intention of building roads or bringing in development works, it is only to lay the foundation stone because the elections are near,” he said.
However, before accepting the entry of companies, the State Government should implement the existing rules and regulations and should also ensure that the companies that come to set up in the state should first employ the 100 out of 100 percent according to the rank and skills of the candidates.
Nongpoh, July 25 : U Paiem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, has issued an order that foreigners will no longer be allowed to register land within the boundary of Raid Marwet except the indigenous people of Meghalaya. , due to the large number of foreigners who come to buy land in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam which are the villages under the jurisdiction of the Raid Marwet.
From Bethany he was about to go up to Jerusalem and in the midst of the cry Hosanna Hosanna, the hypocritical Pharisees said to Jesus – Teacher rebuke your disciples for being too loud, Jesus said to them – I tell you that if this people should listen, the stones would fall.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Bah Jeskalur Mawdoh, who has been detained for 10 months in Shillong, has been released from the District Jail. The incident occurred on the 11th of June at 3mer Upper Shillong at 1:30 pm.
On the other hand, the HNYF has warned the Khasi Hills Archery Sports Institute not to make unfounded allegations and that the HNYF will not stand idly by, but will continue the campaign.
The inspection was part of the inspection of the condition of the stadium as part of the preparations for the National Games 2022 in the state.
Shillong: On 28th July 2020, the Nehru Youth Center Shillong in collaboration with the Mawlai Block Office held a Youth Club Development Convention (YCDC).
The Indian government, through the Ayush Ministry, has allowed the sale of ayurvedic pananjali, or coronil, to reduce the spread of the coronavirus. , is only to help those who have the disease, although it is not to cure the disease, according to the report.
“The Union of Waheh Shnongs should convene meetings from time to time to discuss the development works of Jowai including the cleanliness of the village.
The State Government may not hold the MDC elections in 2024 for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC as it will wait for the Government of India's plan to introduce the MDC elections in amendment of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
At present, the area which includes the three villages of Mawdulop, Mawsir and Ksanrngi has been left behind in terms of development, although the area is one of the leading producers of agricultural products such as kynurenine, phan. , soh and others.
Students, researchers, students and teachers from various colleges came to take part in this discussion on this topic in these days.
Under the Foreigners (Protected Areas) Order, 1958, those areas which border with other States or neighboring countries are considered to be well protected.
The funeral service will be held on 24/12/21 at 1 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church.
Hearing the case, Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice TNK Singh said that the Deputy Commissioner and the DMHO will pay the money according to the needs of Bah Slinder Turnia.
“Such decisions are very necessary and the UDP has already suggested that police posts should be set up along the border to provide security to the residents,” he added.
Before going to bed and when you wake up, thank the one who gives you wisdom.
Sanbor said that he should thank God for electing him because he has been able to defeat the great enemy of the Jaidbynriew in the elections by shooting at Manas Choudhary.
The library was inaugurated by the Sordar of the Shnong, Bah B.Syiemïong, in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong.
In terms of revenue collection, it is also very slow.
After the meeting, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly said that the HPC meeting was held to approve the new height of the dome and to give the approval in terms of labor costs due to an increase in the work to be performed.
After the rescue, the child ran away in fear and did not talk or greet Bah Petrus.
The Butchers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) has clarified that there has been no increase in the price of meat but it has remained the same as usual. act strictly according to the provisions of the law.
He urged them to be respectful children from home to outside as well, in order to receive the praise of many.
In this regard, the Seng has suggested that while the requirements for the tower near Sohiong cannot be met, the network should be extended from Laitlulong which is nearer by increasing the power. (power) of the Tower at Laitlulong, because it is closer and more convenient.
In the second leg, Chilliangraij drew 0-0 with NSA. The match will be played tomorrow 26th July between Shangpung Khliehmuchut and Pynthorlangteiñ at 12 noon. Panaliar will play against Iawmulong Nartiang at 2 pm.
This workshop is the first in the state to be held by the police department at the office of the DGP Shillong.
Today, this Rupang reporter in the presence of the DC of EJH found that the water from the crematorium has burst and it is suspected that it may be caused by these people. and those who died inside the coal mine.
Silvester Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh Proper and Michael Kharhunai, Secretary Shnong, have expressed their deep sorrow over the increase in the number of people affected by Covid-1 He said that the reason for the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the village is due to the lack of attention of the people in the village.
In the middle they called him Bah Halek.
This means that the Jews will be able to worship God with sacrifices for only three and a half years.
He said that the Congress winning five MLAs and the TMC five MLAs has caused many MLAs and candidates who have left the Congress to lose after their defeat.
To support policies for sports, music, dance, painting and literature.
Furthermore, what is surprising is that in the past, it was never seen that policemen were carrying firearms but today for the first time it was seen that a policeman was seen carrying firearms at IGP, a place nearby. The SP's office and near the Addl.Secretariat were driving with a firearm.
Police have searched the vehicle and found a child in the pla and even though the body of her son was found in the pla, she did not do anything. spirit yes.
In this regard, Kong Minorica Thangkhiew, who is the owner of this land, has been able to maintain and maintain this land, as it has been since ancient times. continue to take care of this landmark.
One of the greatest studies and research was by Norman Gottwald in his book, The Tribes of Yahweh and this scholar based his study and research on the findings of another scholar, George Mendenhall who published his findings in the 1960s.
While speaking with the reporters, Mr.S.K.Sunn says that the blame is on the school administrative body itself which did not look into the matter responsibly.
The school authorities have separated them from the incident.
However, it is necessary to investigate all the details related to this.
Meanwhile, beef and pork have caused a threat to be vigilant as there have been cases of disease in these days across the state.
Jessica Marweiñ, daughter of Daïahun Marweiñ and Arbiros Lyngdoh, is from Kmawanrum village in East Khasi Hills District. Jessica Marweiñ, St. Ferrendo Secondary School, Sawsymper, has also entered the 20th grade of Class X (SSLC) conducted by the MBOSE. to God who has guided her at all times in her life because without Him she could do nothing.
It depends on those who have received the pla card in Dkhar whether they understand or not.
The case has been referred to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Police have found that the suspects were using a Maruti Car number AS-01-Z-8255 when they were arrested by the police. Byrnihat, police searched them and found heroin.
Shillong: The maximum temperature in Shillong was recorded at 13.7 degrees Celsius in the past 24 hours, the maximum temperature was 1.9 degrees Celsius, Sohra recorded 16.4 degrees Celsius and The lowest temperature was 3.2 degrees Celsius in Umiam, the highest temperature was 19.2 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature was 2.0 degrees Celsius.
One of the important features of this scheme is to set up a Control Room to monitor the management of food items and the release to the rightful owners of the stock of the Food Corporation of India (FCI).
When asked how many votes were won by Fenella L Nonglait , Diosstar said that Fenella won about 2000 votes from the HSPDP Dr. Adviser Pariong received about 1500 votes.
The 72-year-old fugitive died of a sudden illness caused by a blood clot.
This is the beginning of Bah Kharkongor's distance from KHNAM,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
We will not allow the authorities to discriminate against us in any way,” said Ardent.
The objectives of the event are – to sing the praises of the country, to remember the customs.
According to sources, police said that Banshngaiñ Tynsong, was the one who killed the child by setting the mouth of Kitborlang with a cloth until he died. .
Speaking on the FOCUS programme, the Minister said, “I am pleased to announce that in the past two years, we have distributed T.100 crore to 2 lakh farmers. longing across the state and this is the first phase and also the first phase of this programme, we hope to be able to extend this assistance to 4,50,000 farmers, which is the and while we are implementing this aid program and as I promised at various meetings, today we have released this issue for another five years.
Now many of the employees of the departments are less employed, they are happier because they don't have these agencies.
He said that the robbers also stole all the gold jewelery from the body of the 80-year-old woman.
“The MLAs themselves don't want to join now because they are still waiting for schemes from the government because if they leave, they will lose their schemes,” said Bah Shibun.
The students were also warned not to play sports during the middle of school or after school.
The oxygen plant was donated by the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) and the People of Japan.
The deceased were identified as Hirdalit Kurbah (40), Ronstar Rympeit (33) and 18 years old. They were known as Stomdar Kurbah, and they died after being tied by Pyrthat while they were in the house of Syiar, that is, while they were still in the house of Syiar, because they were still searching for him. The Syiar of this household shall not be thrown into the car.
The teachers who have taught at this step school as well as others who have been involved with the school in its 25th anniversary were also honoured.
She also urged the people not to trust the BJP because the RSS has a plan to eliminate or exclude Christians, and the recognition of Schedule Tribes, Schedule Cases and their plans to have only one party. religion, one language and they want us to eat jhur and not meat.
The 10th match of the tournament will start at 2:00 PM at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium. Once again, the football fans of the area and those from far away are invited to come and witness the match.
It is also beneficial for the skin and scalp.
To reduce weight or swelling.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Acting Syiem of Langrin Hima BH Syiemiong and Secretary Wadladkyrpang Lyngdoh Langrin said that the Dorbar was held after the meeting. He assumed the post of Acting Syiem of the Hima Langrin and during his assumption of office, he found many shortcomings and errors related to the Khadar rule within the Hima and in this Dorbar. They discussed many issues with the consensus of the people of the Hima and it was a decision that went smoothly for the sake of bringing about a clean and transparent khadar rule in the Hima Langrin. everything.
He said the people of the state are wise in judging the decision of the Congress government which is intended to deceive only for the sake of elections.
Pastor Nongsiej, while sharing the message with the faithful, said that God is looking at me and you whether we have that humility, humility, humility, perseverance in our service and worship. and we prayed unto God, as the colt that carried Jesus to Jerusalem.
The ADC has promised to call for another meeting with the Deputy Commissioner to resolve the issue of trade through Tamabil LCS, said a statement from KSUWJC General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang.
In the first quarter final, Sohphoh beat Tyrshang 3-1 by a tie breaker after a 2-2 draw. Dapyntgen Suting scored in the 61st minute and Risuk Suting in the 83rd minute.
The Minister also informed the people that the Government will upgrade the Rambrai Primary Health Center (PHC) to a Community Health Center (CHC) and the foundation stone laying ceremony will be held soon.
Shillong: The EM Incharge of Trade Department, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today in a meeting with the media, today said that the KHADC from 11th November 2019 to The 30th November 2019 will give time to the local land dealers to register with the KHADC, while foreigners will have to obtain a trading licence.
Trea Multipurpose Co-operative Society Ltd is the first to implement this project and it is expected that other SHGs will also take advantage of this project, he said.
Wan-O Dhar, who has several cases against him including a case of extortion to murder, has been arrested by the paid bhur today. tied him until he was injured.
At this point one member came out and opened fire on the police and the police retaliated, and the shooting lasted for about 15-20 minutes and Jimmy and five members escaped. .
On behalf of the RDA, we extend our condolences to the entire family and it is sad that we have lost a great leader.
Three of those involved are repeatedly involved in this case.
They were accompanied by Rajya Sabha Member Anil Baluni, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma, BJP spokesperson, Sambit Patra, BJP National Secretary, Rituraj Sinha, BJP Meghalaya President, Ernest Mawrie and other BJP leaders welcomed the guests. Anil Baluni welcomed the guests. and honor these MLAs to your party.
He urged all the employees of the DC office to be diligent in their work, to work honestly and dedicately for the welfare of the residents of the District.
“There have been those who have come to buy decorations, from lihts, buhmai and others, but they are not as many as in other years,” said one of the sellers. he went to the decoration in Khyndailad.
“The inclusion of 10 villages in one Council with only one Rangbah Shnong as Chairman is not acceptable as it will lead to confusion in the Khadar rule which is according to the custom. far”.
“For more than a year as the leader of the constituency, I have tried to provide and solve the problems faced by the people and the residents complain about the inconvenience in coming and going,” he said.
Why do people not believe or still doubt? For if Christ has not been raised, neither will the dead rise.
The Management Committee welcomes all the tourists in the state to visit these natural lakes, and the committee requests not to throw plastic, bottles and other items. They also warned that it is not allowed to drink alcohol or create trouble in the village and to thank the management especially not to get close to each other. .
Although he tried to call his name, the man did not speak or answer.
“Last year we were unable to hold this Shad Suk Mynsiem due to the Covid-19 pandemic, but this year we are grateful that the government has given us permission to hold this festival. you shad thank you.
“The UDP is now on the path of looking into and shaping so that it will be for the benefit of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and the state as a whole so that it will not affect anyone. “The people have elected us and we want to bring peace and stability in the state,” said Bah Syiem.
The elder of the church of God expressed his deep sorrow on the part of the church, over this incident which he said is a shocking incident and which no information is known yet. He said that as usual in the village, they liked the villagers no matter what church they belonged to.
Balkarin Ch Marak, Co-Chairman of the Garo State Movement Committee, has recently started to participate in the protest.
As fellow citizens, we should respect each other and it does not mean that when we look at the Reservation Policy, it will affect anyone but it should bring good to the indigenous people of the State.
To streamline the Indian citizenship system and curb illegal entry into the country, the Act was needed.
However, the problem is that there is no benefit for us the people from the visit of these government officials.
Those who ask for it with love and kindness,” said Ksan's father.
Bah Sawkmie said that his visit to Umshing Village was for the Synod Service to be held at Mawlai Presbyterian Church in March 2017, as the service on Sunday will be held in Umshing Village while others services will be held at the Mawlai Church.
Therefore don't let your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid of your life.
Shillong, June 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthymmai Circle on Tuesday sent a letter to the Brahmaputra Board, Shillong.
The seven-day Synrai Dorbar of the State Legislative Assembly will also be the last session of this term before the state goes to the 2023 Assembly Elections.
“There are some political parties who criticize the government and the National Party for going to Delhi to ask for help but these same political parties go to Delhi. ,I beg you, please give me this.
At this meeting, the CEM also promised to provide assistance of Rs 8 lakh to KAS for many of its activities.
There are many cement manufacturing and production companies in the state such as Star Cement, Dalmia and others operating in Jaintia Hills.
Please, feel encouraged if you have such a question.
L.G Nongsiej: All the people are talking to us leaders, we cannot accept to deposit the money of the Council to the private sector, the employees of the Council have worked hard but it is in vain, a committee of inquiry should be appointed. The taxpayers have doubted the Council and those who do wrong should be brought to justice.
So far, NH 37 has been opened for small vehicles, while NH 62 has been opened for small vehicles.
In chasing the target set by Tura CA, the Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) bowlers managed to tied slowly and scored runs through extra runs. The Cricket Association (Cricket Association) has confirmed that Tura CA will take 9 wickets in 11.5 overs to win the title. cricket U-15 Cricket Tournament 2021.
The United States has also said that US President Joe Biden will soon announce aid for Ukraine in the coming days.
What is more shocking is that even the shyllang of the capital in the state has been strengthened by the raїot, and everyone is blind in sight.
However, due to the lack of smooth conduct of the election, the election of the Sordar had to be suspended temporarily and only the inchage was supervised until another arrangement was made.
“Love and respect make a happy family”.
Discussions, debates and consultations are the means to achieve this.
On the other hand, JACATAM has also suggested to the government to introduce a deficit in all adhoc schools in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Chairperson Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said that the BJP and Congress cannot be friends with the people of Meghalaya.
Therefore, as one of the private individuals and a young man who lives in this area after I have experienced the problems myself and I have heard the grievances of the people of this area I am filled with sorrow and I I have tried my best to find ways and means to resolve these problems but until these days this road is still standing still so I cannot refuse to take the opportunity to express to the media so that to disseminate these problems to the people of our area and to help inform the government authorities in charge of this road.
The Minister said the government will sit down to discuss with the church groups on how to find ways and means to call for talks with the rebel groups. The GNLA, the rebel groups, when they want to talk, they may want to talk because they are afraid that the government has increased the pressure on them and by talking they will get peace.
OM Roy Memorial School won the title (schools in the women's category) last year and St. Anthony's L.P. School in In the men's category, Shillong College won the first prize.
St. Edmund's College managed to score only 119 runs for the loss of all wickets in 17 overs.
The tournament was held as part of the 50th Anniversary Celebration of the WJDSA and also the 50th Anniversary of the State.
In 2000, the Government of Meghalaya again urged the Government of India, Delhi, to implement Section 3 (1) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, It was suggested that the State should implement the Sixth Scheduled Acts through the District Council.
The culture is personal and if it is shared in society, it changes.
Systematic and inclusive educationThe NEP 2020 aims that no child will be deprived of access to education due to various reasons.
The Government should bring about many development projects in the rural and border areas from roads, highways, drinking water, schools, colleges, electricity, health centres, training centres, various government departments and offices to provide peace of mind to the people living in the rural and border areas to protect the border and to show signs of ownership of land through development works. .
“Most of the new counters in the city are without licenses and we don't know how they manage the licenses. "he said.
We have also allocated T.920 crore for the construction of 39 Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) as part of the development of education,” he said.
Therefore, the government has been directed to submit a detailed report and show how much electricity is needed in each district and how much of that need, the government can meet.
It is estimated that from 4th to 8th June, there will be 4.4 lakh cases per day in India and between 14th and 18th June 2021, there will be 38 to 48 lakh cases. in the whole country.
Once you join us, you don't have to leave because we work for the people,” said Bah HDR. that he is willing to fulfill and look after their problems.
After receiving the food items, which include rice, wheat and sugar for use in Tripura, the food items will also be distributed to other states in the North East, including Mizoram, Maipur and the western parts of Assam.
Another reason is that many of the farmers do not have their own fields to cultivate.
Speaking to media after submitting the petition, Samla Ribokstar Diengdoh said that the union demands from the DC to set up check gates and to count the number of people entering and leaving. In order to prevent any crime such as the shooting of a Khasi youth in Daiñthlen in the past few years and the attempted kidnapping of a youth by foreigners in this is the last month.
On the other hand, the President of the HYC Ri Bhoi, Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum, as the leader of the HYC in Ri Bhoi, has visited the Sohnidan Circle to swear in and confirm the entire leadership of the Sohnidan Circle. They have decided to join the banner of the HYC to stand and serve for the cause of the people.
“The training process has almost been completed and the announcement for the vacancies in the police department will be announced before the end of this year or in the new year,” he said.
Regarding the Cinema Hall, Wailadmiki Shylla recalled that during the election campaign, one of the goals he used to talk about in his election campaign was to build a Cinema Hall because in Jowai Constituency there are young people. shisha is a talented filmmaker.
Shillong, November 11: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) will hold a meeting on Monday to discuss and take a decision on the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC and JHADC. Last month, the SNSBH also met with the Defense Minister Rajnat Singh, the Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs in charge of the Eastern Region of India to urge them to expedite the release of the the approval of the VAB which was urgently needed to empower the Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
“I also support this because we have seen that their working methods have not been successful.
Now they are looking into this and the BJP will have to pay the price for this, that both the incidents against me are fabricated and false,” he said.
They also said that the collapse of the bridge is due to the fact that it has started to collapse and also due to overloading.
Shillong, Lber 23 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has appealed to the people of Meghalaya to support the party in the ML:A election
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) Central Body has requested the Government to increase the salary of the fourth teacher teaching in SSA Upper Primary Schools under the State Plan. to transfer all the posts of SSA teachers from the SSA-SEMAM to the Education Department, to recognize the work of SSA teachers and others; Leaders of the All Garo Hills SSA School Teachers Association (AGHSSASTA) in collaboration with the MSSASA Central Body will meet the Chief Minister at the Secretariat on the 31st of this month.
The road has been damaged to Riat Kyno and Ïurim Biam on the border of Khatkasla and Psiar villages.
Shillong, June 28 : The Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamletson Dohling on Friday said that the demands and rules laid down by the Harijan Panchayat Committee have angered many including him as the Minister. in the state government.
The meeting discussed the targets set by the GAVI Alliance to deliver vaccines to different countries as well as in the states of the North East where many parents do not have access to vaccines. They have not taken their children to get the right vaccine to protect them from various diseases.
After a long discussion on their part, both sides came to an agreement.
In the general voice of all, the GHADC employees said that the government is afraid that people will die from COVID-19, but the government does not care if people die of starvation. The group appealed to the Garo people to support these GHADC employees, who have demanded for their rights for the benefit of the Garo people as a whole.
If the elections go like this, even in 2024, when there will be elections for the Parliament, the BJP will be able to win once again and rule again. in India.
Nongpoh: Speaking to the members at the meeting to renew the new office bearers of Patharkhmah Circle, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF Seng Kmie, on Tuesday advised the office bearers of the area not to to go and mushlia bastad in those border villages when they don't know what's missing, but when you intend to take any matter, you should investigate thoroughly and you shouldn't just go and do it.
BJP Vice President John Antonio Lyngdoh told reporters that Justine is an independent MLA from Khliehriat while Robinus MLA from Mookaiaw has joined the BJP. Amit Shah, Meghalaya BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh, Himanta Biswa Sarma, Ram Madhav, Nalin Kohli and other leaders were present at the meeting.
The child did not want to lodge a complaint because he was a friend, but the police forced him to lodge a complaint.
To accept or reject Hindi instead of English, and to use one's own language, shall be the right of the individual who wishes to accept it and who does not wish not to accept it, but not the politicians or Opposition Parties, who can explain the will of the majority without investigating, what do the majority of the people want?
He said that in Nongsder, Block-IV has the highest number of non-Khasi residents and in this village, there have been many illegal activities against the society.
The project costs T.1.5 crore and was launched by the Minister of Information and Technology, Bah AL Hek and the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh at a meeting held at this Friday.
Not only did they condemn the people involved in the bombing, but they also strongly condemned Md.Makbul Hoque, incharge of the FCI, for his lack of attention. you need it.
Parad Pnan and Meirad Wan, together with their two children, could no longer climb the high hill and could no longer see the leaves of the ladew or the leaves of the diengkait they were following because it was night.
She said that the BJP stands for a clean governance without discrimination against religion or ethnicity.
The name of the suspect involved in the theft is still being kept secret by the police, as they are still trying to arrest more suspects involved in the theft.
The Sauramandala Foundation is pleased to receive applications from the citizens of Meghalaya to join hands in the establishment of Chief Minister's Youth Centers in different districts and to create opportunities for the development of Chief Minister's Youth Centres. culture and self-determination in Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, u Bishar Shylla urged the authorities especially the government through the PHE department to improve the water tank at Wah Umngot which still needs a lot of improvement, because the road to reach the However, the area has become very bad and has made it difficult for vehicles to pass even those who have the necessary equipment.
The Minister of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, in his speech, spoke about the safety of drivers and passengers.
Shillong: Former leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was buried in Shillong today. public leaders and various civil society groups.
Candidates may be given three options for the examination center.
These inquiries have not reached anywhere.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya has sent a letter to all the Waheh Shnongs of West Jaintia Hills District to urge them to cooperate with the district authorities to ensure a smooth and successful election. look at the face of everyone.
The football team of Mawlum Tyrsad has won the title of the football tournament of the Mawlum Tyrsad Sports & Cultural Club in Tyrsad.
The MDC said that RTI has been issued to all the districts through the Deputy Commissioner and urged the Minister to direct the PHE department to provide detailed information so that there will be a clean and transparent operation. clearly there is no fraud.
“If you take a sample from the small markets, if someone is doing wrong, the blame goes to the fish importers.
“We have been able to bring about many things to avoid fear and provide security for the people of the state,” said Conrad. pyllong in South Tura.
Then he says, “Actually I shouldn’t come here anymore because I’m retired.
He also asked those who alleged that he has taken all the schemes to Ampati, by saying how many roads have been implemented, the Shillong Bye Pass, Shillong-Nongstoin, Tura, Shillong-Dawki road, The Mawphlang-Mawkyrwat road has been suspended due to lack of NOC from the KHADC.
In Meghalaya, if you count all the Garo, including those in Garo Hills, Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, there are more votes than the Khasi. the number of people is almost equal.
Police have urged the people who have lost their loved ones to visit the Civil Hospital, Ialong.
The king wrote in a copy of the following lines: “It is permissible to cut down trees at will from any raid area, except in the countryside and this permission shall last until.
In another match, Kiang Nangbah Govt.
“After inquiry and according to the findings, many villages on the border of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong do not take action to verify their statehood.
Since the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned rat hole mining, the mining and transportation of coal in Meghalaya has been slow and this has affected the income of the villagers. .
He said the scheme will provide assistance of T.5 lakh per household for treatment and there will be about 3.47 lakh households who will benefit from the scheme.
“She said that the HSPDP has also joined hands with the UDP and contested against the NPP in this election but that does not mean that the HSPDP has disappeared and that there is only the UDP. That does not mean that the HSPDP and the UDP are the same.
Last month, the leaders of the Seng Longkmie Shnong New Nongstoiñ in collaboration with the Village Police Force (VDP), after receiving a tip that some residents of Mawpun area have Donald Syiem, 43, has been arrested in connection with the raid.
She also expressed her hope that the readers of today will enjoy and benefit from this book.
Manish Sharma, a doctor at the hospital, committed suicide after he had a fight with his wife, Tripti Chaudhary, who works at PGI Chandigarh.
Are we the Khasi-Pnars who have settled in these mountains from Cambodia as found by scholars who have studied the migration routes of various peoples to India? the Hindu? Are we not a nation with its own culture, language, religion, customs and culture? Why do these organizations like the RSS want to destroy us and make us people without roots and foundation? BJP in the state and feels that if it includes all the Khasi-Pnars in the list of Hindu parties, it will be easier to fight against those Khasi-Pnars who are Christians who are against the BJP. Bhagwat should have surprised us as a nation and we should have thought carefully about this issue.
I like the announcements and rules of the government, for example to wear masks, to observe social distance, to wash hands.
Debanskhem Lyngkhoi, 36, the eldest son of Panora Lyngkhoi, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District, has been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis. He has been able to use his talents properly for what God has given him in his life. He owns an Arts Decoration shop near Mawkyllud, Mawkyrwat. Not only that, he has the ability to sing and also to decorate places, Christmas decorations and others.
The Garo population is only 506427 which is 37.91% of the population in the state.
The existence of this school is very appropriate in this state which gives birth to women which is also an empowerment for them.
However, to hold prayers inside the Government House is not possible in India, as it may be in some countries.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has alleged that the purchase of land by the Council in Mawkyrwat is the sole act of the former CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Miller Basaiawmoit during his tenure as CEM without the knowledge of the EC or without following the rules of land purchase, which has to have four or five land purchases that the Council has to select.
KHNAM leaders said that they had recently requested information through RTI from the Personnel Department of the state government to get information on the rule on how 80% of the land has been allocated to the three ethnic groups, but the reply was negative. The census shows that the population of Garo in that year was 325,872, Khasi 380,069 and Jaintia 108,2
The MLA has also announced the upgradation of the Administrative Unit to Civil Sub Division in Patharkhmah, the upgradation of the Police Outpost to the Police Station and the upgradation of the Model Degree College in Patharkhmah, Eklevia Residential School, Tasku Health Sub Center to PHC and Byrnihat PHC to CHC. It is clear that these development works and changes brought by the MLA have not worked especially in Western Ri Bhoi where he has received very few votes. The limit shall not be implemented without the implementation of these development projects.
Shillong: U Pius Marwein, candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP), today filed his nomination papers for the Ranikor MLA election to be held on 23rd July
However, it was reported that these children have not yet tested positive for Covid-1
And this is in this way that man should gather together the Word of God.
The Shillong Bar Association has been in existence since
At this meeting, Bah Ardent also explained the working methods of the Seng and the issues that affect the people and the country and the nation.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony, Bah Nondi Diengngan said that his return to the Congress is not for any personal gain or for any other purpose.
These things, especially those from the West, have a profound impact on our traditional culture.
No matter what our circumstances and thoughts, God's Word clearly states in Ephesians 6:12, 17,18, “We do not wrestle against blood and flesh, but against the principalities, and the powers, and the world rulers of this darkness...Take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God: pray at all times.
This will apply on the basis of merit. 20 per cent for Generals.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has directed the officers to work hard to achieve the goals set.
The first issue she raised was why the people were not allowed to withdraw the money they had saved and accumulated by working hard from their bank accounts. Dr. Mammohan Singh, former Prime Minister of the country, said, 'In which country can't the people withdraw their own money from banks?'
“The investigation team has sought the assistance of bank employees to withdraw the money through ATMs and has also seized 20 mobile phones from the residence of Arpita Mukherjee,” he said. The ED is also searching the house of Partha Chatterjee, Minister of State for West Bengal, in connection with the incident. Paresh Adhikari in Cooch Behar, Minister of State for Education, said they have been investigated by the CBI on charges of corruption in the recruitment process.
Since hundreds of years ago, jewelry has been an important part of human beauty especially for women and with the passage of time and changes in attitudes, even men have chosen to wear gold.
The Joint Committee also apologizes to the neighbors living in the city and surrounding areas for the incident between the residents of Mawlai and Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, today confirmed the office bearers and swore in the office bearers.
Bah Seiborlang L Nonglait in his speech said that the spread of Corona virus or COVID-19 has affected Meghalaya and the world as a whole.
He said that Umthli is the second most famous village in India after Mawlynnong and is recognized as a Clean and Green Village.
He also praised the seminary which has produced nine bishops and more than 600 priests serving in different regions and states of India as a whole.
However, it is surprising that in Meghalaya there are about 20,000 teachers who have not received the training.
Besides the HSPDP, there were also supporters and leaders of the UDP who came to support Dr. Pariong.
Umbir, who is also a talented dancer, has been involved with the All Meghalaya Dancer Association and Wansai Fusion.
After the thanksgiving, all the nine skits and sur ksing were played and from now on every afternoon, the Ksing ka Tangmuri will sound from the ground floor of the Seng building. The dance training will be held every day from 5 pm to 7 pm at the Seng Hall, Mawkhar.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Government Ministers today met the Fifteenth Commission led by Chairman NK Singh.
On receiving the information, the people who attended the synod service were shocked and held a special prayer for the incident. Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang left the service shortly afterwards and said: Go yourself to the place to help these refugees.
He said that the union has taken this step after receiving information that many foreigners have entered the country without any restrictions. The reason for this is that many of these foreigners do not even have a Labor License.
The fight against traffic jam should be very important especially in Shillong as it is getting worse with the passing of the days.
He said that the jubilee is a celebration of joy and this church department in its 25 years has been able to serve the community by the power of God.
The JHADC has also warned that only those who have completed the documents for their financial bid will be opened and considered.
It's like you're putting a heavy load on her neck, which she can't lift anymore.
On the other hand, this is the second time that the SLFC has not scored a goal.
People are lynniar and mankind has been defeated throughout the world.
Delhi Police have found that Manish has sold more than 200 firearms to robbers in Delhi and surrounding areas in the past seven years.
“The National Highway-6, which is the blood vessel of Meghalaya and other states in the North Eastern Region of India, has deteriorated beyond the limit throughout the year, especially in the Mynkre area and in the town of Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills.
He alleged that the VC's behavior has caused a bad impression on the youth and that there may be something behind it.
In 2018, seven children were reportedly killed, two girls who got married and killed their husbands.
In this regard, it cannot be said that the Fathers of the Catholic Missions are truly responsible for the promotion of education for children in the remote areas.
He said that he was sorry that the place where he needed it did not have faith.
Shillong: The Khasi Author's Society (KA) has reminded the public that it will hold its general meeting on the 22nd of this month.
The Governor also outlined the objectives of the PMSMA and said that under this scheme, pregnant women will receive free treatment every 9th of the month at all government health centres.
Recent research has shown that the replacement of foods high in saturated fats and trans fatty acids with foods high in omega 6 fatty acids, without any increase in omega-6 fatty acids, 3 fatty acids, which increases the risk of high blood pressure and heart disease.
In the men's category, Dasaman Kyndait of Sabahmuswang and Santify Pale of Nartiang won the second and third places respectively.
There are 5 recoveries.
The Chairman of the Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) has expressed his concern that his department has not been able to do anything to protect the people from the air coming from abroad. his department will assist in the investigation of this matter.
It is terrible to fall into these traps which cannot be seen at their beginning, but it is only when those who have been trapped have reached the point where they can no longer hide that they can be seen publicly. .
Fortunately, in this fire, the police with the help of the army, managed to extinguish the spread of the fire to other neighboring houses in the area. but it would have been a great loss of life if the fire from this house had spread to other parts of the area.
According to the owners of the shops, they have expressed their deep sorrow over this incident, in which it is suspected that the robbers have set fire to the shops. shops have been destroyed and lakhs of rupees have been lost.
In recent years, with the increase of about 8 lakh Khasi-Pnar, tens of thousands have migrated to farm and trade across the eastern regions – Assam, Tripura and some in Bangladesh.
Election officials from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and officials from Amlarem Civil Sub Division have visited the village to register the names of those who have turned 18 years old.
Rashtriya Janata Dal leader Sunil Rai, who was abducted in Bihar's Chhapra district on Tuesday, has been released by police within 24 hours of his abduction.
We see clearly that from the jait leads to the ownership of the kingdom, the ownership of the raid, the ownership of the village and the ownership of the house.
It is learned that on the incident, the robbers, who are suspected to be involved in the kidnapping, have called the father of the child, and demanded up to T.1 crore, from him. part to release the child.
He also gave training on Solid Waste Management on how to separate rotten and non-rotten waste.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Leader of the KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, MDC of Sohra and former CEM, participated in the general discussion on the budget presented by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Singh. The Syiem on the opening day of the Budget Session said that the request of a Garo group to recognize the Garo Rangbah Shnongs of 54 villages in Ri Bhoi District is a threat to the Khaddar Constitution. the Khasi people.
The party prays for the family of Bah Gilbert and at the same time prays for the recovery of Bah Gilbert, said a statement from the Publicity Secretary Bah Costar Sawkmie. Jowai: At a meeting held on the 26th of this month at Sweet Chilly Hotel, Mynkre, East Jaintia Hills, members and leaders of the All Jaintia Cement & Clinker Transporters' Association and members and leaders of Coal Suppliers Association.
“On the 16th of November, 2013, three children died after eating a spoiled lunch due to the presence of disinfectant at a Primary School in Mashrakh. District suggestions.
They also received training on how to set up their own businesses through SHGs and to undergo training in various fields through MSSDS and to know how to take care of the environment which is a gift to man who meets his needs. of all mankind, especially to collect water in various parts of the country.
One of the Artificial Intelligence (AI) that has emerged and changed the way we work is ChatGPT in which it can replace people even those who have worked.
Furthermore, four weighbridges, namely, at Wageasi (North Garo Hills), Ratacherra (East Jaintia Hills), Tikrikilla (West Garo Hills) and Masighat (South Garo Hills) have not been operational yet (Kyllalyngkot, 2023). -11 months after the signing of the soskular although these Weighbridges should have been implemented within three months from the date of signing of the soskular.
The government's debt to GDP ratio in 2019-20 was 52.30 per cent, a significant increase from 50.5 per cent in 2015-1
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has imposed a curfew in Shillong from 9 pm to 5 pm tomorrow. All Municipal areas, all Cantonment areas, Mawlai Block areas, Mawpat Block area, Mylliem Block area from Umshyrpi to Hynniewmer.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC will play against Churchill Brothers FC at Tilak Maidan in Goa today at 5PM. , it failed completely.
Police have recovered five license plates from the owner of the vehicle identified as Golam Ali @Soto, resident of Kismatpur, Goalpara.
The Government has already provided subsidies and incentives to these companies in various fields such as Transport Subsidy, Power Subsidy and others.
We cannot forget what happened on 19th November 2021, when the resolution on ILP was passed by 60 state leaders. The second reason is the irresponsibility of our leaders.
The DGP admitted that drug abuse can lead to crimes such as domestic violence and accidents.
In another report, the University of Pennsylvania is currently trying to find a new method to test dogs for the coronavirus disease.
Due to the floods, the connectivity to other states in the North East especially Mizoram, Tripura, Manipur and Assam has been temporarily disrupted.
Nongpoh, July 29 : The Hynniewtrep Policy (HITO) has taken a decision to urge all the MLAs of Ri Bhoi District to discuss the implementation of the Reservation Policy and the Reservation Policy. Roster System for the recruitment of government posts in Ri Bhoi District.
and also God will produce many workers for the country and society.
The theme of the festival is “Save Green Save Life”.
In this regard, the residents of the area have demanded from the Chairman of MRB, Shillong to move the BM from Rambrai and replace it with others who can work better.
The Chief Leader of the Hill Farmers Union, the President of the HFU Central Body, Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, on Tuesday encouraged the farmers of East Jaintia Hills District and said that the HFU He thanked the Ministry of Agriculture for its cooperation from time to time with the Union.
Even now we have seen climate change but we don't have any thoughts or concerns about these issues.
They also said that the scheme has allowed illegal companies to donate to these political parties.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP Hemant Patil today visited a government hospital in Nanded district of Maharashtra, where 31 people have died in two days. I didn't go to the hospital.
On another topic, Dr.W.Sutnga said that he wants the leaders to think carefully how to do and get in time to build the OPD Complex as already agreed so that the The people of the area will be comfortable in terms of health services for those in need of health assistance.
Rainwater will be collected separately for watering flowers and vegetables, flushing the toilet, cleaning and also for cleaning vehicles.
The President of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU), Bah Leningstar Rymbai, said, “Meghalaya has just celebrated its 50th Anniversary of Independence, but there are still many places. East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts that supports the government in revenue generation because of East Jaintia Hills District. Hills is rich in mineral resources such as coal, oil, coal factories and other natural resources, but the government has turned this district into a mining area. without turning our attention to the development of the people and how to develop the area, this is something that we as the organization are very concerned about because this shows that it is only a threat to the people. He said that it is very important to have a government college in East Jaintia Hills District so that students from near and far can continue their studies especially those who are still poor. He said that many students have to drop out of their studies part-time because they don't have the authority to send them abroad. “It wants to improve education in the state while not a single government college can be brought to East Jaintia Hills District. Where will the future of the youth go?” said the JSM leader. He said that it is sad to see the district which is still young and has many shortcomings including schools, health centres, roads, roads, as a district that helps and The government should have thought about the development of the district, but it is sad to say that the government has used this district only to accumulate wealth without thinking about the development of the district. the welfare of the people, the development of the region.
Taxis should carry 1 + 3 passengers and auto rickshaws should carry 1 +
Talks with UDP, HSPDP, PDF and independent candidates are also ongoing.
In honor of the villagers, there was also a gift to three elders including Jiren Swer, Muni Swer and Kidras Sympli who were the leaders and pioneers of the youth in this march.
Telongjem, who had won by two goals, but Primrose's ability to convert the golden opportunities encouraged 7 Wasa to win the title.
In fact, the Headmasters/Principals of various schools in rural and urban areas have a major role to play in consulting on the Adjusted Academic Calendar (AAC) 2020 – if Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT).
Electricity bills will rise like a rocket and power outages will continue.
In the second half, Nongrim Hills won the title through Phibankhraw Nongkhlaw in the 56th minute.
However, as it is now, it has accepted only the statement of L Wanglet.
Thomas Dennerby strengthened the middle after Karthika Angamuthu was sent off and Sangita Basfore replaced wing Soumya Guguloth a few minutes after scoring. col.
It is worth mentioning that the VPP has raised its voice against the lack of opportunity to speak in the right places to discuss the issue, but on Thursday they left the All-Party Meeting early because of the They felt that it was a meaningless meeting because they wanted to discuss the Reservation Policy and not the Roster System.
Bali Governor Wayan Koster has joined the anti-Israel protests.
Kyrshanbor tied 33 runs from 41 balls and Arbinus Syiemïong scored 19 runs from 24 balls.
It is better for the employees of the police department to have a Police Welfare Association to curb the misdeeds of a few so that all can receive the praise of the people.
He also urged the people who are stranded in other states, who can afford to spend their own travel expenses; they can come on their own and should not rely entirely on the government.
The union also informs the government that when declaring a person positive, it should be confirmed first because it has been witnessed that in the first test report it was declared positive, but in the second test report (which is more ) was confirmed to be negative.
Today, there are 1.31 lakh cases of covid-19 in India.
Mookynphad Mihmyntdu beat Mookaswan Dongnein 5-0
The Enforcement Directorate had earlier summoned Soren for questioning on 14th July, but he denied this and said he was still busy with political affairs.
He said that there have never been any bloodless wars in the history of the world.
He said that the work of the government is not only to provide for the needs of the city but also to develop the rural areas so that people do not come to the city.
Nongstoin, Naitung 27: The Joint Action Committee (JCC) which strongly supports the Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah-Phlangdiloin-Ranikor road, has expressed its surprise over the speech of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynshngain. N Syiem, who also appeared in the media by saying that he cannot approve the Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah road due to the opposition of some people from outside the area who did not benefit from this road, not from the harm of that uranium.
The HNLC has made it clear that it will take strong action against anyone who encourages uranium mining, said a statement sent today.
G-20 for the good of the world Through India's G20 presidency – whether in the Working Groups or the Ministerial Assembly – the good of all has always been the focus of discussions. .
When asked whether he has any intention of electing a candidate from all the parties in the MDA, Hek said that he has never had a candidate from all the parties in the MDA. The BJP has also nominated its own candidate even if it has worked with the MDA so there is no such thought.
He said that in fact attempts have been made to introduce the National Rural Drinking Water Mission scheme but there is a difficulty in getting this scheme because Nongrah has not yet received the syrnot as a village. Open Defecation Free (ODF) is the main rule laid down by the Government of India.
Through a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that the HYC strongly opposes the anti-national recruitment policies of NEIGRIHMS in the past months regarding the recruitment of youth. try Ri.
It is expected that all discussions will be completed before November 31,
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The management of Rangdajied United FC has requested the club to extend the curfew from 7 pm to 10 pm so that it will not disturb the people. The match will be played on the 5th of November against Salgoacar at 5 pm.
Because the people do not want to go to Assam, the Assam police have taken advantage of many opportunities by harassing the drivers in coming and going and to take advantage of the people in the different ways.
