And I said unto him, Go whithersoever thou goest.
Shillong, July 28: The Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya today renamed several Villages and Roads.
The fire brigade was able to extinguish the fire before it spread.
The opening ceremony was also accompanied by a Christmas carol march which started from the house of MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai and during the Christmas carol march the gates were also opened amidst the festivities.
“We have been living in this area since the beginning and now they have come to take over,” said Bah Pohtam.
Earlier, Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit had demanded in the House that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh should resign after the incident of rape of a 14-year-old girl. The Marvelenn Inn, owned by his family, to allow a clean investigation.
Shillong: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has announced that the Government has decided to appoint a Judicial Inquiry. The MPHRC has issued a statement saying that the Judicial Inquiry into the shooting of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew has been conducted by the MPHRC. In the Judicial Inquiry, the Government shall appoint the Chief Justice of the High Court and not a retired Judge.
While those who have failed the class, they can sit in the same class.
The Ri-Bhoi Police have seized the drugs after receiving a tip that some robbers were trying to smuggle the drugs. During the investigation, police recovered 10 grams of heroin and arrested the driver of the motorcycle and other items.
However, Shylla said that the District Councils have received only 25 per cent while 75 per cent has gone to the state government.
According to the Official Data, most of the ASHA workers have received salaries ranging from T.23,000 to T.82,000 for the six months from 1st June to 30th November 2023 according to the date of payment. that Bank Account.
In his training, he gave advice on how to prepare for the examination, especially the MCS and MPS. and that this evil power is what they do in the military base in Ukraine.
Taking this inspiration from the art styles, design styles, and cultural heritage of different cities, these 150 decorations are placed throughout the restaurants.
The SP said this is not the first time that such a riot has happened but it has happened many times.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Member-Secretary, 22nd Law Commission of India, New Delhi to express its opposition to the proposal to introduce the Uniform Civil Code ( UCC) within the country.
He said that the absence of a PHC has caused a lot of problems to the people due to the increasing number of people who come to get medicine at the Sub Center in Mawtawar and the Mawroh PHC which looks after everything. only.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Kyntiew La I sap Multipurpose Organizations and all those who took part in this tournament for women and hoped that they will be able to hold more such tournaments so that the young women will be able to participate in this tournament. They can showcase their talents and skills because in today's world sports is no longer just a sport but a way to earn money and also a way to earn money. get you get jam.
The VO Lumpyngngad, which was established on 27th November 2022, is named “Tur Shaphrang, and under this VO there are three SHGs which work together to improve the livelihood of the villagers. They are the Shaniah Tyl SHG, the Iateilang SHG, the Ryntihlang SHG, the Cjukai SHG and the Khihmon Sngah Jam SHG.
However, after a while, it struck again until 12 pm and it was at this time that it flooded the village and caused serious damage to the village.
Shillong, November 20 (PIB): The DoT NE LSA unit will hold an online meeting on PM-WANI in Shillong on the 28th November November, 2022 at 11:30 am to raise awareness among those involved in this work who are already there as well as those who are new.
Every year on the 12th of November, Pa-Togan Sangma Day is celebrated by the state government as a sign of commemoration of the death anniversary of the late Garo leader. in 1872 who took part in the resistance against the British or British troops.
The semi finals will be between Laitkor SC vs Lumparing SC and Mawlai SC vs PFR Football Academy.
Sawkmie strongly criticized many of the working methods of the CEM and the EC which he did not agree with, and at the same time he said that now the ARPA has only 14 members except the The PDF has 14 members and has promised that the PDF will go to the Governor to ask for the appointment of an Administrator in KHADC. They will have to meet again in these days to discuss the Administrator's rule, which they will also inform the media.
"Drivers should also have a sense of community because they should not park, stop or drive without a license because it will cause more traffic jams," said Bah BJ. Men.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya congratulated Star Cement for this and said that this is an assistance that will encourage the state to fight against this disease which has killed many people. there are many people in the world.
Furthermore, it was informed that the Dorbar Shnong will also close the road into the market which is also the village road for the purpose of disinfection on Thursday and Saturday.
He said that the meeting should be a warning to the robbers from further crimes and that the family should get justice.
It was also found that the Wildlife Department of Umkiang and Sonapyrdi has also built water tanks where wild animals can drink water from the ponds.
At the online meeting, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the eighth phase of the Rozgar Mela and will deliver speeches at 45 venues.
He said that the passage of the Assam-Meghalaya Re-organization Act 1971 to create this area and Mikir Hills has no meaning because the Assam government has forgotten its letters and notifications which have canceled the. the 1951 Notification.
Violation of the provisions of Section 126 is punishable by imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years, or by fine, or both.
He said that recently the government through the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society under the Labor Department has announced SURE (empaneled) as one of the organizations with which the government will work in the field of skills training. three sap of the young men.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) with the support of the elders of Mawngap Mawphlang area, on Tuesday held a march at Mawngap Mawphlang. The Rangbah of Mawngap Mawphlang area, the famous dancers and also the leading singers of Mawngap Mawphlang area, such as Bah Pynshai Lyngdoh Mawphlang, who sings the most encouraging songs of the people is da which hears the beautiful voice of the New Nongrum Baptist like the voices of Asha Uthup and Lata Mangesgar.
The 36-hour curfew imposed by the HNLC went smoothly without any incident across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
“The reason is that there have been allegations that only those ministers and MLAs of the government have received the schemes of the central government while those in the Opposition have not received any schemes.
The party will hold rallies in different parts of Assam on July 30, the report said.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of the Village, M.Dkhar.
Now the name Chandrayaan is known to the children of India.
He demanded that the government should hold a public meeting to listen to the voice of the people and not to invite them to Shillong.
Liu fell into a pond in Luoyang, Yichuan, Henan Province, China.
EOW employees arrived at the residence of Hero Keswani, who works as a clerk in the Medical Education Department.
The Talib Times, which claims to be the Taliban's Twitter account, tweeted: “My soldiers.
A nation and a religion are the largest groups in the world based on a common ideology only within the boundaries of that nation and that religion.
“Fever and diarrhea are most common during the first rains in July and those from all over the country come for treatment at the Civil Hospital,” said Dr Barthakur.
“It is too easy to accuse the party of corruption.
The four battalions of the NDFB will surrender on 30th July
This soskular was signed in
The Congress has taken this step after receiving a directive from AICC President Rahul Gandhi, he said.
He said that the M-Tab will benefit the students as they can learn a lot of information from it.
Speeches were also delivered by Ranjeeta Syiemlieh, Progressive Farmer and Adelbert Kharlyngdoh, Development Horticulture Officer, ATMA. The election will be held on the 15th of July.
I also agreed.
Shillong, July 9: Many MDCs of KHADC have decided to contest the 2018 elections from the UDP. Arbinus Lyngdoh MDC from Umroi, LG Nongsiej MDC from Nongstoin, Morningstar Mawsor MDC from Mawshynrut and Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC from Mawshynrut. of Mawkyrwat constituency.
The MLA said this while issuing a zero hour notice in the House regarding the incident of posting by the leader of the SRSRB, Bah BB Makdoh on a youtube channel. day.
The union also demanded that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare should implement the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) as it will benefit especially the poor families in Mawlai.
He said that it is only the NPP which speaks clearly about the ticket of the candidates unlike the Congress which doesn't know exactly who will get the ticket and even the sitting MLAs are involved in this accident. Speaking after the meeting, he said that the NPP is sure that other parties will follow the example of the NPP. Speaking after the meeting on the demand of the Dkhar Harijans, the government should give them land if it wants to. On the other hand, Prestone said that the government will not do what they demand but will follow the right path and which will benefit the indigenous people first of all.
All paid news must not contain the label “Paid Advertisement” or “Paid Content”: and unpaid news must be published in accordance with the Norms & Guidelines on Paid News issued by the NBA. on 11/24/2011.
The funeral service will be held on 5/1/24 at 1 pm at the RC Dong Punche Lad Mukhla.
Yellen urged that inflation in the United States and other countries has begun to decline, but Yellen urged not to be stingy. She said that these countries should still work harder to improve the quality of life in their country. the day that comes.
Diet:- The responsibility for our overall health depends on the food we eat.
“Ka seng has also received a complaint that perhaps these 11 persons are not from Meghalaya but from Assam.
There are places where supporters from the UDP have joined the NPP and there are places where supporters from the NPP have joined the UDP. others arrive at parties they never thought they would work with.
Border: The Geography of Meghalaya has a total area of ​​22,429 sq.km from the border of Assam to the border with Bangladesh.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi Circle together with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday met and submitted a letter to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma on the demand for the implementation of the Patharkhmah Model Degree College in the area.
The state government will encourage cooperation with the founders of schools and colleges and there is no intention to take over schools and colleges or provincialisation.
The raising funds for the fete will include a variety of performances including a musical performance by a famous group from the Eastern Region who will perform at the village this evening.
Shillong, July 31: The Sisters of Our Lady of Missions (RNDM) mourn the passing away of Rev Sr Mary Albert Edanad, RNDM, on Monday 30th July in Guwahati.
“I haven't received my contract bill for two years.
The speakers included Rev Biju Rai from Lad Rymbai and translated into Khasi by Bah Bius Lyngdoh to explain to the Christians about the speech of this Pastor who is from Lad Rymbai. you are a Nepali people.
Furthermore, the flour purchased by the FCI Processors/Atta chalki/Flour Millers/Manufacturers (not the buyers) from the FCI under OMSS (D) shall be ground and released for sale in the market. within thirty days from the day of the harvest.
This shows that we are one nation, we should not say that we are Bhoi or Pnar.
The Central Investigation Bureau of Thailand has identified the suspect as 29-year-old Anuwat Waentong.
(2) Made to be teachers:- Such teachers may or may not be talented teachers, but they have been made teachers through training, through experience, through hard work, through training and through consultation with senior teachers.
He said that there is no greater day to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Rs 121 crore water supply project approved by the central government through AMRUT 2.0 which will benefit about 1.42 lakh residents. village in the area.
The nine-day training program includes training on sewing as well as handicrafts for women, as well as training on how to install, maintain and clean sewing machines.
This is not the first time but the second time in four years that the mother, 21-year-old Aaliyah Lykins, did not know that her son was dead even though she was asleep. with her in the same bed.
He said that the party will continue to oppose this violence by writing to the District Council Affairs and the Governor.
Shillong, November 03 : The Office of the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, Shillong in collaboration with the State Resource Center on Disability Affairs, Shillong today celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities. The International Day of Persons with Disabilities was celebrated at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong on the theme “Transformative solution for inclusive development: the role of innovation in fueling an accessible and equitable world”. , Mr. Kyrmen Shylla was appointed as the Chief Guest.
Shillong: The Secretary of Kuliang Village has arrested 11 Bangladeshis, including 4 women, who were trying to enter Meghalaya illegally on the evening of 16th July 2022; On the other hand, the KSU East Jaintia Hills, has questioned the police department of the state government, why it cannot curb the illegal entry of these Bangladeshis.
Mawkhan SC won the title and a cash prize of T.1.50 lakh.
“The HSPDP in collaboration with its office bearers and the support of the people will continue to work tirelessly for the sake of bringing glory and honor in the upcoming elections in After the people saw the objectives of the HSPDP, which stands on the basis of protecting the country and the nation, especially in relation to the border which the state has not yet been able to said Mr. Ardent.
Conrad Sangma said that 32 lakh tonnes of rice has been produced since
In this regard, traffic volunteers have been deployed at all parking lots and all vehicle owners have been urged to cooperate so that they can park their vehicles in a smooth manner and make it easier for them to park their vehicles. you're looking for you.
She said that most of the time the Jowai police do not comply with the orders of the court and she wrote to the former DC of Jowai who was at that time regarding this lack of attention of the police.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, HANM Sengkmie General Secretary Kyllang Thongni said that the party expects that through this Regional Committee under the leadership of Bah Paul, the HANM Sengkmie will be able to resolve the issue. The border should be smooth without any disturbances or violence and that it should not be settled according to the wishes of the Assam government, but should stand on a firm foundation that has already been discussed.
Adelbert, who is also a member of the committee headed by HS Shylla (MDC Nongkrem constituency), did not agree with the report of the EC. The Chairman of KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej, has rejected the nomination of confidence in the EC, after Bah Adelbert has not received the approval of the House. people supported.
“Bah Prestone Tynsong is also the Minister in charge of the PWD department and if he cannot do anything to repair this road, he should step down as Minister,” said Bah Edmund.
He said that the distribution of these leaflets is to explain to the public that the government needs to revise the rules signed in the MoU because otherwise it will be a mistake. great loss to the state.
Unless they are armed groups or anti-national groups.
Through para 2(f) of the Legal Marriage Act.
One of the suspects was arrested while the other managed to escape from the scene.
“It is painful to see the border activities of some village riots groups, who, without any concern for the Garo people, have taken the path of throwing stones at the CMO Tura in the middle of the meeting.
On the other hand, Bah Carnes Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat, said that there are many villages which do not have schools, so he urged the Council to look after those villages which do not have schools. there are schools.
Bah John F. Kharshiing, President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, was the chief guest to encourage and encourage the participants.
If this law is passed, MDA should prepare immediately to protect Meghalaya and don't allow foreigners to enter our state.
He congratulated all the youth of these three villages who have chosen the path of serving the village and the nation as a whole through the FKJGP which is a fully grown organization in service. For more than 30 years, the FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit has urged the members of the FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit to be ready at any time when the nation needs the support of the people. part of the great cause of the nation.
“I have called a meeting with the traders tomorrow to find out why the price of piat has increased suddenly,” said Dkhar.
According to RTI information received from the Finance Department of the Meghalaya Government, 37768 people have opened accounts since the implementation of the scheme in 15 states. various banks in the state.
In a statement, these NGOs said that according to the RTI requested by the department, any vehicle carrying goods should pass through these bridges. and thou shalt pay forty shekels of silver.
The District Sports Officer, Nongstoin will hold the Block Level and District Level Open Football Tournament 2023 in the district.
to do what is necessary.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills, Ma Garod LSN Dykes, has imposed micro containment on the entire Khlieh Aitnar, Jowai and has been removed to Nongthymme Ialong.
Even if people or parents don’t imagine that.
The Abode of Clouds, which will be a symbol of the beauty of Meghalaya, will be a new section for young girls to showcase their skills. their skills to lead the state.
In connection with this incident, three persons including two Myanmar citizens have been arrested for possession of these weapons.
After more than 10 hours of discussion, the meeting decided to maintain the status quo until the issue of the Entry Tax Gate is resolved. .
Shillong, July 29: The General Meeting of the All Meghalaya Grade IV Employees Association, Jaintia Hills District, Unit will be held on the 4th of November at 10.30 am at the DC Office Conference Room, Jowai.
“We need justice and we want to know who killed these brothers and sisters,” said the banner.
“On the part of the HFU, we have informed the DAO Office and under the leadership of Sir Phawa, he has sent staff to inspect, where they have expressed the need to spray with Bio Pesticide BABA. which is mixed with water".
Shillong, Naiwieng, 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the new C&RD Block at Siju, South Garo Hills.
This office is located in Shillong.
c) Hazard light if you have an accident, flashing on both sides.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Three cricketers from Meghalaya have been selected for the North East Zone Senior Women's Inter-Zonal T20 Trophy which will run from 24th November to 4th November.
Cold weather along with heavy rain and strong winds have hit many villages in Thadlaskein and Laskein Block in Jaintia Hills.
“We appeal to the people to allow the BJP in 2018 to prove it,” said JA Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Catholic Association.
Jambor said it has been handed over to the Syiem of Mylliem to make a signboard and put a notice against the use of plastic.
Nongpoh: Four houses in Umjarasi, Saiden, have been placed under the Micro Containment Zone, or areas where people are warned not to enter and leave these houses. There are no people who have been infected with Covid-1
To date, these insects have gathered in Gurugram and have started attacking and spreading spain in homes, farms and livestock in South Delhi.
The BJP has alleged that there has been a huge corruption of more than T.6 crore in the name of the distribution of tablets.
On this occasion, prizes were awarded to both the winners and losers as well as individual prizes.
Shalwelton Kharpran scored the first goal for Sohryngkham in the 37th minute.
She said that the reason for her resignation is because she sees that this group has not reached anywhere, and that the ethnic parties have not been able to reach the goal.
Besides, the children are young and no one can go to work to support the family and often have to stay hungry.
He also mentioned the development works for Williamnagar and East Garo Hills including the beautification of villages, the setting up of a Critical Care Unit and a 50 bed hospital for poor mothers and children. There is a budget of T.50 crore.
A report published by the news portal North East Today said that the corruption was discovered during an investigation conducted by the employees of the department.
“I urge all the members of the Disaster Management Department and also the DCs and Block Development Officers (BDOs) to conduct inspections of the villages severely affected by the Amphan cyclone so that the government can take the necessary action,” he said. I'm not sure what to do.
Sources close to the authorities said that until last month, the transportation of cement was going smoothly without any delay.
Speaking to reporters, Finely said that he would like to thank God for giving him the opportunity to reach this level of sports manager. He said that as expressed through the trust of the executive committee, he is ready to take over this position with a humble spirit and to try to cooperate with others. , as he has worked for 27 or 30 years for many years as a sportsman.
“I would like to clarify here that the office which is now open in Mawphlang Division will continue and this office will be fully operational from July next year because for now it will be allowed to complete the old works,” he said. add again.
The chief priests, the Sanhedrin, and the Roman rulers may have destroyed and killed the body of Jesus on Calvary, but the good news of the kingdom of God that Jesus preached and lived for , it does not die and lives forever.
“Is there a provision in the notification to ban cow slaughter?” Nahlin said. “I am ready to discuss if Dr Mukul is willing”.
Speaking to reporters, the two DCs said the meeting decided to set up committees in the border villages of West Karbi, Anglong and West Jaintia Hills in which the Waheh Shnongs and Goan Buras of Karbi will participate. resolve the issues of the people besides the border issue.
Shillong, November 5: Four children who were brothers survived without any injuries after they managed to escape from their house which caught fire and collapsed in the sun. church of the week.
Argentina have not lost since their first group match against Saudi Arabia at last year's World Cup in Qatar.
Doing so will encourage the children to avoid evil because they will come and report and as caregivers we can provide training on that.
" said Mr. Wahlang.
The arrested were identified as Shilpa A Sangma alias Gotak (23) of Rongram, Batush B Marak alias Gilsang (23) of Purakhasia, Rohen Sangma and Penaji D Sangma.
Mewanhi Maskut scored the goals in the 7th minute and Dini Raliang in the 52nd and 55th minutes.
Heavy rains will continue in Rajasthan as the cyclone continues to struggle to hit the North East, IMD Director General Dr Mrutyunjay Mohapatra said.
What surprised the passengers is that the road was allocated in 2009 at a cost of T.271.52 lakh, while for the maintenance it will cost T.6.61 lakh and In a statement placed in front of this road, the contractor is Bah K.Pala.
Because women are more than precious.
On Thursday, 66 students and Meghalayans returned home from Manipur with the assistance of the State Government.
N.Bareh scored the next four goals in the 14th, 16th, 20th and 45th minutes, while N.Nongspung scored the next four goals in the 22nd, 33rd, 38th and 47th minutes. .
“It is the MUA-II that has done wrong to pass the amendment bill.
In addition, we prioritize our continued efforts to teach and encourage our fellow workers to have a spirit of compassion and to have a deep understanding of our fellow workers, which demonstrates our dedication. to create a peaceful and supportive working environment.
One of the speakers said, “When God created man, He breathed into him the breath of life and thus it is the spirit which He gave into the body of man”.
Short speakers on the occasion included Samla Pynshai Kharbani, General Secretary FKJGP Rambrai Circle, Sordar of Marwa Village and others.
In the final match of the day, Tanvi Khanna won the whole match against Akari Midorikawa.
The 3 kilo meter procession, to worship the Lord Jesus in the form of the KPU, passed through Mawjrong, Laitkroh, Laitkynsew, Tiewlieh, Mawmyrsiang and surrounding areas, and returned to Mawjrong.
Shahjer was the first Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima who came from Jaintia Hills from the Sutnga dynasty. He came to Nongkhlaw with his sister, Shaphlong.
Lok Sabha MP from the Trinamool Congress (TMC), Mahua Moitra, on 23rd June, told reporters that she has convened the meeting even though there are only two days left before the election day. leadership in the state of Meghalaya.
In the past centuries in India, women were still stupid and bound by the chains of the family. A great man, Raja Ram Mohon Roy, abolished the Sati. which is the law of the LORD, to burn a wife alive in the grave of her dead husband.
If the room is full of smoke, stand at the door and keep your head about 10 or 2 feet from the ground so that you do not die.
If we can do this, it means that we the people have governed ourselves. One thing we must understand is that any country, state or village will grow and develop. move forward if it can produce intelligent and intellectually great leaders.
God was angry with the children of Israel.
Such candidates or leaders should identify the EVMs at the polling stations along with their serial numbers, where the candidates and leaders should be present at that time. seven days after the resolution was announced.
Referring to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the MLA of the area, Ardent said, “Besides being from this area, u They should not have seen the danger of excessive quarrying in the area.
The KSU demands a Police Outpost in Bararo/Mukroh, which has been a demand of the KSU and the people since ancient times and demanded that the government should implement it immediately.
The body of Steffanie was taken to NEIGRIHMS for post mortem and handed over to the family members.
Speaking on the government's review on Sports and Science, Modi said the success of the Chandrayaan Mission has paved the way for the implementation of the strategy. new, in which this has brought about changes in the way young people are employed in the right way.
Although we have the medicine and the number of patients has decreased, we cannot count sting like that.
The awards were presented by Bah HDR Lyngdoh as the chief guest and Bah Synshar Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah in the presence of UDP Sohiong Circle office bearers, UDP Youth Wing Sohiong Circle office bearers and others. of the leader.
He said that the cooperation of the elders and the Tiehsaw Dorbar Shnong, shows that their cooperation with the police will be able to punish Biangkupar Nongsiej in the right manner.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that in 2015, there was an attempt by the KHADC to pass a Building Bye-Law which was recognized in the gazette of the state government, but The notification of the KHADC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Land Development and Building Regulation 2015 has been declared unfounded. the law.
Purnima Lama, 45, lives in Dongkamon, Nongmynsong.
It is learned that the MLAs against Mukul Sangma have intended to reinstate Bah Lapang as Prime Minister if they can overthrow Mukul Sangma.
However, while they know the blood of the family, which comes from the same ancestor, the spirit of family love rules over them.
Speaking at the meeting, N.Hashah, Chief Legal Aid Defense Counsel (DLSA) said that the main responsibility of the DLSA is to provide services. ei to those who are not qualified or able to appoint lawyers in relation to various cases and the main objective of this NALSA Scheme in relation to assistance in relation to law to those refugees who have been affected by natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods and others to ensure that they receive urgent and timely assistance through the government and others volunteer organizations.
Pyniaid also denied the need to convene a dorbar to discuss the issue as the KHADC has not yet had a CEM recognized by the government.
For the AICTE-Pragati Scholarship Scheme, girls must be those who are completing a first year Degree or Diploma level course or second year Degree or Diploma Course at an institution recognized by AICTE. Only two girls from one household shall be allowed to apply and the income of the household shall not exceed T.8 lakh per annum.
“The NIA team came between 5.30 and 6.00 pm.
The Behdeiñkhlam festival started with the Shain festival, the Wator Symbe festival, the Sang Sngi Khlam festival, the Talawiar Chnong festival and on the last day the festival ended with the Knia Khlam festival. and the Waheh Wasan, the Langdoh, and the Chutia.
On the same day, the BJP also honored Shivam Roy for placing fourth in the National Elite Classic 2022 held in New Delhi.
Several Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs of Kongthong village today clarified that the report in the media that there is a call to people or iawbei songs in Kongthong village is not true. In the 12 village area, there are 22 villages which have done and are still doing this to this day.
The Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) is in power in Mizoram.
"I called out, 'Wa i Riia, where are you going soon?'" asked Bahnah.
He said that such incidents have happened in the past years, Bah Nongtraw said, and he suspects that it is a plot to slow down the progress of the peace talks.
With this victory, the PFR Football Academy will prepare for the semi final on 9th June
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Vincent H Pala congratulated the KJP Synod Sepngi Women's Assembly for doing good work and said that physical activity is essential. They are very beneficial especially for the youth to avoid many evils especially drugs.
During the three day tournament, the school management has been able to compete in various sports, including 100 meter race, 200 meter race, long jump, high jump and others. , in which many students of the school, participated actively.
I would like to congratulate all those who are working hard and physically and mentally from all the frontline departments who are on duty to prevent the spread of the disease among us as citizens. village.
We have already seen the signs of stinginess, mismanagement and corruption of the MDA Government which could overthrow the government due to corruption and looting.
The Principal Secretary also promised to take action for the improvement of roads in Rambrai area and other needs as written in the petitions submitted by NPP Rambrai leaders, religious leaders, party leaders, village leaders and others.
Bah Khongwir also advised the leaders of Bah Teibor that if they enter the houses they should know the language, and if they enter the houses that show that they cannot support Bah Teibor. whom should not be dominated.
The northeast region of India has become an attraction for tourists who want wonder, heritage, nature, festivals and amazing experiences," Naik said.
However, this time it will be the goal of the BJP and the agenda of Narendra Modi, to provide jobs to the youth, to provide food, housing, to the poor in the rural areas and to help the poor. farmers, it is for these reasons that we want the days to come to be good, so that we can serve better the people of the state”.
The 38 lakh metric tonnes of coal, which has been mined, will be sold by Coal India Ltd, through the order of the Supreme Court and the mining will continue as usual, he said. Swear.
“These people, riding motorcycles, started the march from the market in Ranapur block and also raised stem flags. They also carried sticks and the number of people increased from 60 to 200 later, as they went to tie these stem flags and others from a church. to another,” said Pastor Muniya.
The ruling PDF has decided to appoint Bah Garbriel Wahlang, MDC, as Deputy Chairman.
Bantei said it is not easy to stop those imported pylleng because the state has not been able to fill them even in Shillong due to the shortage of farmers.
However, this has shown that there may be something behind this political drama in KHADC led by Bah Nongrum for four months.
“As we have discussed, there will be 3-4 applicants and I think we will be able to announce within a few days or a few months,” he said. He said the State Election Committee of the UDP has held many meetings on this issue.
In the nine-day tournament, Assam won 27 gold, 13 silver and 13 bronze medals.
The team of seven youths left Shillong on Saturday to participate in the competition in Mumbai.
As part of the programme, the Chief Guest and the Chief Guest also distributed checks worth T.10 lakh to 10 Village Organizations (VOs) under the Vulnerability Reduction Fund and T. .22.5 lakh to 30 SHGs and there was also an award ceremony for Anganwadi workers who have taken part in the fight against Covid-1
Money comes and goes like a flood.
The department has been directed to work immediately to repair the road, which is in dire need.
KSU Sahsniang has distributed to 12 households, KSU Mynksan Unit to 20 households, KSU Priang Unit to 30 households and 6 households living in slung.
On the other hand, Professor Bhagat Oinam alleged that the clashes and bloodshed that have happened in Manipur since the 3rd of this month is an illegal act prepared by these drug trafficking groups.
Where is your soul? Is the show of strength a festival? A good shot.
There are also those who work or collaborate with his party, in politics, social affairs, religious affairs and other affairs of human life.
Out of the 497 cases, 17 cases are in East Garo Hills, 5 cases in Songsak, 13 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 4 cases in Dienshynrum.
It is also encouraging to see that the leaders of the Catholic Churches have come forward to take action on issues affecting society and their efforts show that they have a responsibility to promote peace, justice. righteousness and compassion for people who have suffered greatly.
They were arrested after robbing Oxford Laban.
Nidamon called on all trucks to stop transporting all kinds of goods from the dewbilat factories until their demand is met.
Therefore, the union is surprised how the revenue collection is going smoothly in both the areas, but to improve the damaged areas of the road, the NHAI is passing by.
P.Chokhani, Treasurer of the Red Cross Society and Ashok Goenka, Executive Member, handed over these items to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, Herve Renard of France left Saudi Arabia in October.
Bah Shullai resigned from the post before the election and this has caused surprise to many.
In November last year, China withdrew from its Zero Covid Policy since the beginning of the pandemic as part of its efforts to curb the spread of the virus. The spread of Covid-19 across the country.
The main part of the day was the story about the seeds that the farmers have planted in the seed banks in their respective villages.
The petition was submitted to the DC of Hamren without the knowledge of the leaders and members of the Karbi Pnar Peace Committee, Khanduli Am-ih Area. “The leaders of the Peace Committee from West Jaintia Hills have no information on this,” he said. said the village leader of Khanduli.
The deceased was identified as Manchi Marak, 19 years old.
He also informed that the government has allocated about Rs 158 crore for various health projects in the state and this is to improve and strengthen the health services in the state.
Peter, although he talked to them from time to time, was able to control himself.
“We have taken the lowest price among those who applied for the distribution of food to the farms of the farmers,” said Director Shilla.
Police have seized 160 filled and 190 unfilled forms and a register explaining the scheme. Police have also seized T.43,0 was collected from people who had deposited money there.
Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber, Nangbah Khloopano, Madanthad Thadmuthlong and Mulang Ïalong won the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDS). Funeral at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
When we show respect, we should show respect for age and maturity, not for those with education.
Therefore, if the question is asked about the lack of intelligence wing of the Government on the loss of lives of 40 CRP personnel in Pulwana and why Wing Commander Abhinandan was given an outdated jet fighter, they take It is not anti-national & unpatriotic.
The reporter immediately entered the meeting and after a few minutes it was understood that Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, who had previously contested on the HSPDP ticket, was allowed to attend the meeting.
For those who win the title, they should not be proud but should set a goal and lead in the state and abroad in India. They should also take the example of the football players. “There are many players in the world like Ronaldo, Messi and others because we understand that football is also a source of income for them,” said the chief guest.
There are about 60 members of the Manipur Legislative Assembly, of whom 10 are MLAs from the Kuki-Zo-Hmar ethnic groups, who have also demanded their own state. of Kirkland.
There are up to 35 provisions in which we have set our own provisions on crimes against women and children.
Perhaps you are Pariat.
Deimon said that while the Meghalaya Police were on their way to Lapangap village to meet the Assam Police who had received a tip that they had come to build a camp on the premises of the village, the people who had already brought jri They shot birds and chased the police until the police had to flee.
They said that they have also spent money to send stones to be placed in the pits but they have not been able to improve.
They also threw stones which endangered the lives of the people, district officials and police,” said the SP. the police used force without threatening anyone.
Shillong, June 20: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday allowed the State Government three months to introduce a roster system for the implementation of the Job Reservation Policy.
This krai takes less time to grow than the other krai.
He said that when the KHNAM leaders asked them where they lived, they all said they were from Silchar. “It's not like they're going to stay here,” said Thomas.
Sometimes it seems true that the saying that skilled leaders are wrong, this is because many of them sacrifice the people for their own personal gain.
Dr Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, Sports & Youth Affairs, V Argawal, IAS, Director were also present on the occasion. Finely Pariat, General Secretary of MSOA, Ian Campbell, Edge 10, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS, who is also the President of the Archery Association of Meghalaya.
“We have chosen to set up the Free Tuition Class here because we find that many of the children from Mihmyntdu come from poor families with low income and who live and work in people's homes,” said Fr.Manbha Pakem.
Neena, who has acted in several beautiful films and serials, has been watching the models dressed up at the festivals and feels that she too wants to wear them. Gown but age does not allow and does not allow it anymore.
Conrad said this is the working season and the government does not want to miss this season as it is long and will be difficult during the rainy season.
Seven colleges from Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia have participated in the competition.
However, the residents of Maskut also do not own the same land and named it 'Lumpomlum'
All the winners of the tournament have been selected for the National Level tournament to be held in Jammu and Kashmir in June.
Bah Dhar said that the reluctance and refusal of the people to provide land to these people living in the Mawlong Market area has made it difficult for the government to implement this issue.
Not only that, it is reported that the fish and other fish that used to live in the river in the past have disappeared completely.
Bah Khongngai added that the collapse is the fault of the company, because it has no responsibility, we see that they come to work here just to earn money.
In the past, it was used as a raid land, now it is a private land, the customs and traditions have been destroyed, the rivers have been destroyed, there are no strong laws to protect the foreigners who cannot be established by the ADCs. “If the ADCs are registered in the Hima or KHADC, how can they protect the riewlum,” said the students.
On Saturday, the Chief Minister for Peace and Security, Kuldip Singh, said that peace has come to the state, after the fierce clashes and bloodshed, peace and stability has been maintained. it came as usual.
He said that the sudden decision by the KHADC to remove Laitkroh is against the will of the people as this will seriously affect the development of the area.
He said that insurgents like ISIS are a threat to the North East and the central and state governments should take action.
According to the soskular, the JMB has agreed to pay only T.700 per vehicle as compensation to the owner of the land for this donation.
“The reason is because they want to release the MLA scheme which has not been released yet and after the need they will enter,” said Bah Shibun.
We must not be mistaken that there have been many youths who have dropped out of school not because they don't have a place to study but because of the lack of accommodation and the cost of accommodation.
Nongspung said the Dorbar Shnong has held its General Executive Committee on the 9th of this month and during the meeting, the Meghalaya Act was discussed. Bill 2013 and unanimously opposed the MUA-II Government Bill, alleging that the Bill cannot prevent foreigners from enjoying the same rights as Muluk citizens. She also alleged that foreigners will have the opportunity to violate the rights of the indigenous people and this law is a bih to kill. To completely abolish the powers and authority of the Dorbar Shnong which is the traditional system of governance which has been established and maintained by the Longshwa since ancient times, according to the customs and traditions of the Dorbar Shnong. Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Raid Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Hima/Elaka Dorbars etc. are a strong Khadar Dorbar and the highest authority but after the annexation of India in 1947, the Hima/Elaka Dorbars rule the villages. They have lost their powers after the implementation of the Sixth Schedule (District Council) described in para graph 12A and this time the Government wants to abolish the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs with the intention of urgently and forcibly implementing the Tenancy Act. According to the provisions of the Bill, even the Dorbar Shnong cannot interfere or do anything against foreigners except the Head Officers appointed by the Government. and to go beyond the authorities of the Dorbar Shnong and it is a law that cannot prevent the entry and exit of foreigners (Mynder), said the statement.
The findings could open new doors for treatment of migraine, sleep apnea and chronic stress—which appear to be linked to mental dysfunction. , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, increased fatigue, insulin resistance, immunity and others.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has expressed his surprise that there is a BSF camp in the area where there is no National Highway, and has promised to promise to talk to the Superintendent of Police. On the other hand, the KSU members also talked to the Minister for the setting up of Infiltration Check Gates in Tonseng and Sonapyrdi. He said that there are already two infiltration check gates in the area, at Ratacherra and Mendihati, but these check gates can only detain those who enter certain places. Bangladeshi illegal immigrants have been arrested to work in dewbilat factories.
Vitamin A deficiency is one of the most serious health problems and needs to be addressed to avoid this problem.
Shillong: The mid-term MDC elections in Langrin constituency witnessed a turnout of 81.9 percent from 7am to 4pm today.
Deputy Secretary (Admn),NEC Secretariat, Room No.405,Nongrim Hills, Shillong – 793003.
To conclude my writing, I urge the Jaitbynriew to stand together and not to allow the speech of the Kharlieh Kharïong in order to protect and survive our Jaitbynriew.
The most beautiful examples in this structure are the mawbynna, because it is through the mawbynna that they are like an announcement to remember those things which our ancestors have impressed on the minds of the people to pass down from generation to generation. through the ryta.
Indeed, the outcome of these elections on the 11th of November will be like an opening to see which way the wind of the MP elections 2019 will blow.
The union urges the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, the leaders and the government to take immediate action to repair the roads in the villages in the Saipung area so that can bring about prosperity and development in the area.
It is in this way that man chooses to go to hell.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, said that rescue teams on the morning of the 31st of this month have recovered another body from the four refugees who died in the landslide. The earthquake occurred in Nongpriang village, Sohra district.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today under the leadership of Samla Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary and Samla Evansroy Nongrem Education Secretary, has launched a campaign to repair the two schools. Government Lower Primary School, located in Nongshluid and Kenshluid villages, Mawsynram area, C&RD Block.
The judgment of the same person is not right.
The BJP president has also suspended his plan to visit Garo Hills and return to Shillong so that he can express his condolences to the relatives of the victim. expressed its condolences to those who were injured in the incident.
“It doesn't matter whether it is the government or the district that empowers the Rangbah Shnongs but we want the Rangbah Shnongs to be empowered by law as soon as possible,” said Dr Kharshiing.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: Speech by the Lok Sabha MP from Shillong constituency at the 25th Anniversary of Youngster Secondary School Pongkung on Saturday. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on the occasion of the MP-2
Only two months after the construction, this road has deteriorated again,” said Bah Yoodahunki.
In a letter signed by KSU President Daniel Khyriem, FKJGP President Joe Marweiñ and HNYF General Secretary Sadon Blah, they expressed their concern to the Prime Minister about the government's slowness in implementing the three projects. The Entry and Exit Point, the Tenants Verification and Regulation Bill and the Amendment to Benami Transaction, Detection and Prohibition Bill have been in place for a long time.
MECL has also brought the debts it has to pay, such as labour, equipment and tar, related to the Leshka Myntdu project to the State Government.
“This is a serious issue and affects many people, so we need to ensure that when we try to resolve this, we must also get the support of all stakeholders,” Sangma said. Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the G20 summit at Courtyard by Mariott in Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, November 23: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) of South West Khasi Hills District (UHM) has strongly condemned the assault on its leader Charlie J Rani by bloodthirsty men. They are the members of the FKJGP who tried to take the life of Sports Secretary Michael B.Dkhar and also kidnap the Assistant Organizing Secretary George Iawphniaw in the morning. 11 am on the 15th of November, 2022 at Mawlai, Mawdatbaki.
The KSU has reminded the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union to stop the supply of petrol to the state in the past few days after allegations that there has been an investigation by the police. Meghalaya has been in trouble if there is a suspension of the supply of fuel by the Mazdoor Union in Ri-Bhoi District.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof (Dr.) DM Thappa congratulated the doctors and other staff who worked all night to save precious lives.
Happy New Year to you all.
Police are investigating the incident to find out who is involved.
Shillong: There have been 521 new cases and 572 recoveries today.
Shillong, July 8: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan today inaugurated the Shillong Book Fair.
Another reason why many teachers are angry is that they find that there is a bias in the payment of salaries to those teachers whom he likes.
(BM Lanong) The problems have increased from time to time.
Therefore, Bah Samborlang wants to go his own way to avoid shaking hands with each other and to walk on the path, to make only promises that can be fulfilled and not to promise anything that cannot be fulfilled. cannot be achieved.
The friend said that he would give me another word as soon as I left home.
He said that the allocation of PRCs by the Deputy Commissioners of the districts has been discussed.
After the Public Hearing held on 19th October 2019 at Brichyrnot, the DC of East Jaintia Hills has summoned several Rangbah Shnongs of Narpuh District.
Then she stayed at home but earned money by selling clothes to the neighborhood where she lived.
He pointed to major changes in the recruitment of paramilitary groups.
He praised the work of the block office at Mawkynrew, for working hard to implement government schemes from the state government and the central government as well.
Ernest added that on the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India, “the Central Government is still considering this because many languages ​​will have to be inserted under the fifth schedule and it is not possible to ask now to get it"
“The HDRF has made it clear that there is no need to find out the root cause and we are ready to explain why we refuse to vote but we don't want anyone. he added.
In another report, Russia claimed to have attacked a military training camp, where foreigners were also present, killing 100 people.
Since ancient times, while the traditional religion was still held, the Rangbah Irani, the “Kñi”, had a great and important role in the sacrifice. He was also the Ksiang for his clan. you shall be like your brothers (who are the children of your brother or sister).
Shillong, March 22: The Home Mission Presbytery Youth Service of the KJP Synod Sepngi will be held at Mawsna Presbyterian Church from the 25th, 26th and 27th of this month. group not to call a curfew on these dates so that the service can go smoothly.
When we fail to fulfill those promises and decisions, it causes us to lose hope in our lives.
In the letter, he said that these companies have been directed that after receiving the trading license from the KHADC and other documents, they should inform the Dorbar, but they have not yet submitted the documents. to the Dorbar, and on the part of the Syiem of the Hima said that the Hima had no knowledge of the beginning of their work.
Shillong: The market for beef in the market has declined, as the days go by and the shops have been closed, due to the suspension of beef vendors to sell, but there are still some who are still selling beef. cow until now.
I tried to call those vehicles that carry water for us, but they said we can't put water because the place where they carry water is too small.
“There are those who say that the sin of Bahdeng Samlin is the shyiap and the sea but I tell you that this people is the shyiap of the sea of ​​the voice of God,” said Bah Samlin.
Khimusniang took the lead in the first half through Lastborn Suting in the 6th minute.
“Until now, we still believe in Ram, who was born to Sita, who is from India, but he is a Nepali,” Oli said.
Since 2014, the KHADC has had three CEMs starting with Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP, Adelbert Nongrum of the KHNAM and Pynshngaiñ N Syiem of the suspended MDC. the Congress party.
Moving the resolution, K Sapdanga said that the Zo and Zhin tribes who lived in Mizoram for hundreds of years remained under their own rule, but after the arrival of the British they split. Myanmar to secede from India.
HYC Ri-Bhoi in the presence of Samla Hercules Suting Secretary General Secretary of HYC Ri-Bhoi, visited the family of Samla Nisha Nongbet at Iewmawlong village. The Seng has expressed its deep sorrow and cannot accept the incident of a Khasi youth being taken away by a foreigner in a terrible manner and shocking to many people.
However, how can we accept defeat and victory before we reach our goal?
The trial will be held on the 2nd and 3rd of March at Lad Sutnga Square, Khliehriat from 9 AM. U-14 male.
However, he said that this is not yet the time to release all the remaining money, but there is still some money left.
The Brazilian newspaper Folha de S. Paulo reported that the world champion must pay a £2.06m fine for the cleanliness of his home in the country.
The final of the tournament will be played on the 2nd of March at 10 pm.
She impressed the judges during an interview in Shillong, which was held in collaboration with the Miss Meghalaya Organization.
“According to the directions of the Supreme Court, the High Court may require the Principal District and Sessions Judges to take responsibility for the allocation of subject cases to those courts or courts as required.
We want the government to be strong".
Speaking on the occasion, Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun expressed his gratitude to the students for their success in the SSLC examination. and the teachers that their hard work has not been in vain although the school has never appeared and is still in the midst of many shortcomings, but those problems and shortcomings have not been the reason but the school has completed the On the other hand, the MLA encouraged other students who are still studying at the school to follow the example of working hard and minutes in their studies. shaka thong as they wish in their lives.
I'm Bah Bull, I'm a hero of our country.
They got home at 7 o'clock.
Through a tip-off, BSF troops seized a vehicle carrying 35,000 kilograms of sugarcane while it was coming from Ladrymbai to Kuliang.
They also said that otherwise they will not accept this decision of the government.
C Doreen Lyngwa, ADC, urged the people not to believe such rumours, without receiving proper announcements from the district authorities, and to complain if there are any shops that sell exceed the price written on the packaging.
The meeting also discussed and exchanged views on the issues arising from the 21 day lockdown announced by the Government of India as a fight against this terrible disease which has affected many people across the States. in India.
Today, Delhi has reported 93 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to
Pala said other parties do not have enough people to contest the 2023 elections, but they have the money to buy some of the candidates. The Congress party has decided not to contest in
In addition, the schemes of the Central Government will be explained to the public after they have been renamed by the State Government.
Police sources said that the incident occurred when the Scooty driven by the two men tried to collide with a Hyundai Eon with the number plate. ML 05 K 2600, driven by Bah B. Marbiangbor Thangkiew, from Nongkseh, Upper Shillong and while driving the Scooty, collided with the vehicle which caused the incident. unfortunately.
Conrad handed over a letter to the Central Government requesting the Central Government to allow the students from Meghalaya studying at CAU Imphal to continue their studies at CAU Kyrdemkulai Ri-Bhoi District. that they may continue in their studies without any loss.
On behalf of the Rangbah Shnongs who signed their names, Shri Khrawbok Nongrum, Shri Liwell Kongwang, Shri Mahamborlang Lamin, Shri Gary Francis Lamin, Shri Sanjeev Kongwang, Shri Firstborn Dkhar, Shri Bonison Umsong, Shri Matheus Lamin explained that there is no request for money from the Block to complete the registration under Adhaar, but it is the donation of the Rangbah Shnongs and the people who have joined hands to donate. the movement of those who come to accomplish this work for their benefit.
Banshan Nongdhar scored the first goal for Ehrngiew in the 67th minute and Ebormi Jat scored the second goal for Jalapang in the 80th minute.
The power outage has lasted for a day and has caused loss of wages to the workers of fabrication factories, furniture and other electricity using factories as well as to the students preparing for the examinations including VIII and X and others. .
This grant focuses on the welfare and income of the farmers by promoting sustainable agriculture.
“The Indian government should not underestimate our resistance by attacking the indigenous people, know that we too know how to wear military uniforms and shoot guns,” he said.
World Blood Donor Day is celebrated every year on the 14th of July.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the KSU and Voice of the People Party leaders, the Minister said that the government has already signed the soskular with the students. doctors from the government's share that if found guilty of forging documents, they will lose their doctoral scholarship.
Meanwhile, Bah Michael Syiem said, the KSU is like a stieh to protect the country and a sword to fight against the enemies of the country.
Sangay, who is an employee of the 14th Dalai Lama of Tibet, told reporters in the capital today.
Speaking to reporters after the opening ceremony of the six newly constructed buildings of NEIAH, Kong Ampareen said that the building should also have a research centre. ) in relation to the herbal medicines of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
He said that the coal was transported from Khliehkhriat to Assam and not only from Ribhoi but also from South West Khasi Hills to Bangladesh.
He also stressed the need for special protection of the rights of the minorities in their livelihood, way of life and culture.
The government employee, on the other hand, arrives at the office at 11/12 pm, leaves at 3/4 pm, and doesn't work all day, he doesn't work again.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : The East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (EKHDBA) has selected the 37th Meghalaya State Badminton C' Tournament in Tura. ship.
Whether the truth is whether the dismissed police chief has anything to do with the allegation of misuse of funds.
Nongpoh, Lber 15: The All India Children's Educational E-Content Competition (AICEeCC) has started today in the North. The competition was organized by the Central Institute of Educational Technology (CIET), NCERT, Delhi.
Shillong: The Minister and Spokesperson of the State Government, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Sengbhalang who are opposed to the railway connection in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, should go to Mendipathar Railway Station. and to conduct an investigation into whether the railway line has caused the illegal entry of foreigners, whether there has been any loss or gain.
Every political party has its own objectives and we need to be careful and consult their working methods before taking any decision.
The body will be laid to rest at the home of Archbishop Dominic Jala at Mawlai Phudmuri for 10 nights.
Shillong: Four people have died of covid-19 in Shillong today.
Shillong: Following the increase in the price of petrol and diesel in the state, the people of the state have been shocked as it has affected their budget especially the drivers of commercial vehicles who receive to earn only three times a day.
They are Rangbah Kur, Dr. Betterland Sohkhlet, General Secretary, Wellcome Sohkhlet, Assistant Secretary, Aibor Sohkhlet, Auditor, Jupiter Sohkhlet and Ksan Sohkhlet.
Khliehmawlieh Youth Club, which came second in the Super Division of the Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA), has said that it is ready to play in the final of the Meghalaya State League. The MFA will play against Rangdajied at the SSA Stadium, Polo on Saturday.
The NEC has approved an allocation of T.1088.21 crore for the year 2015-16 according to the needs of the departments.
The readers are requested to take this lesson as a lesson and not as a criticism.
On the increase in the number of tobacco and drug addicts, the principal said that the most important thing to curb this evil is from the home that parents should teach their children from the time they are born. still small.
The failure to complete the coal truck checkpoint at this place has caused problems to the coal traders who transport coal from this road to Nowkong Assam.
The collision of a truck on the Agra highway on Tuesday has caused a serious loss of life to the driver, while on the other hand, it has caused a lot of damage. Thousands of cows, which were in the truck, were robbed at will, in order to eat shngiam, in such places. day of fasting.
The KHADC will pay a deposit of T.15 lakh per annum for all employees, and the benefits that employees can receive as individual medical allowance per annum are between T.3 lakh and T.7.5 lakh each depending on their age.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the law will take necessary action against the arrest of Commandant of SF-10, Bah GK Iangrai on charges of misuse of police. NERS PSAP at Sadar Complex.
In the meeting between the Minister and the Sohtrun farmers in the area, they expressed the difficulties they face in marketing their agricultural products and especially the Sohtrun farmers. The people living in this area, like to cultivate Sohtrun, but the problem they face, is because they find it difficult to get a market at that price.
Agnes Kharshiing of CSWO who was present on the occasion said that the people have been shocked because since November the electricity bill has started to increase from T.300 to T.700 and This has affected the poor people so much that some families have to sell their goats and cows to pay their bills to MeECL. , were billed for another month and some, not feeling able to pay anymore, stopped paying.
He also alleged that these armed groups have been involved in instigating and encouraging the people to fight against the government on issues related to the measures to curb the poppy cultivation and also the you fight against drugs.
Interestingly in this amateur league, the participating teams will have a long season in which they will have to play at least 35 games.
Police have registered a case under Section 120B/307/427/436/506/34 of the Indian Penal Code.
The training program on fish farming started today 09th March 2023 at RRTC Umran and will continue till 13th March Only fish farmers from Meghalaya and fish farmers from other states like Nagaland, Assam, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh also came to participate.
“Although the rape of a professor within NEHU has been revealed and there are witnesses, the Cell has not done anything to punish those involved,” said Bah Lyngkhoi.
At this meeting, Para 12 (A) was discussed and unanimously agreed to demand from the Government of India to amend the 6th Schedule and Para 12 (A). ).
Why is that? The road is the source of life in all aspects.
Sangma said the government would also look into the internet connectivity in parts of the Khasi Hills, including Shillong, as he said peace and order has returned.
High School in
All the speakers expressed their appreciation and said that he has made a great contribution to the council as MDC for six terms from 1973 to
It is worth mentioning that the construction of the Mawkyndeng Stadium has been carried out through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) at a cost of T.30/- lakh while the Mawjongjaka Stadium has been constructed through the CMSDF. through the State Sports Council of Meghalaya with a budget of T.50 lakh.
Therefore, the owners or managers of Cyber ​​Cafes can contact the Village Authorities, Doloi for more detailed information on the date and time of opening of Cyber ​​Cafes.
He said that the MDCs of KHADC who work in any kind of work in their constituency and there are MDCs who cannot invite the journalists from time to time but we have our own. “If you take pictures of your work, the group will post them on youtube and other social media,” said Bah Pyniaid.
The meeting was conducted by Lightsie Marbaniang Executive Member CEC and a speech was delivered by Dr. R. Pohsnem General MMSA Jaintia Hills Unit in the presence of all the members of NEAM from all districts of the State.
“It appears that it is heard in the tyndong skhor,” he said, adding that this is the reason why the states of the North East have witnessed the incident in Mukroh.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, today distributed foodgrains to the poor families in 14 villages in the Mawrong Road area. They should not worry too much, because as a leader he will create the opportunities to address the problems faced by the people and especially those low income families. you court bad who duck tasam.
If you want to go to NanBah, go with us because we live near the DC Office.
Meghalaya is a failed banana republic state.
Treibor Suchen said that the party will not allow such village leaders who rob and enrich the mynder in the villages and areas. trucks to those foreigners who have illegally entered our country and broken them abroad.
Shillong: There have been 167 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
Sdangroilangki Kam from Lumtrep, Nongjngi shared the method used to kill the byrnai which damages the sying and phan.
He said his doctors have said that he will be free of the disease with treatment within the next two years, and he wants to take a decision first regarding the treatment. he must receive at such a time.
“The only thing I don't do is that I don't shout from the Secretariat to say that I have done this or that,” said the UDP candidate.
The second woman, Dameris Sohkhlet, has passed away.
Now let us look a little at the growth of mankind.
The All Regional Party Alliances (ARPA) has earlier elected KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum as its leader to contest for the post of CEM. the Executive Committee shall not be elected.
He said that according to the rules, Meghalaya has three seats in this university although they have to take the Entrance Exam first.
The sister said that Arbor is well known in the village and the two are very close friends.
In his second talk since taking office, Biden warned Russia to calm the conflict in eastern Europe.
The representative of Maithan Alloy Ltd, said that to cure TB, taking expensive medicines is not enough but also foods that strengthen the body.
Shillong, July 7: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appealed to the Division Bench of the High Court of Meghalaya against the recent decision to suspend the powers of Village Authorities in the state.
From 3-Raliang (ST) there are 40,019 out of 19,001 males and 21,018 females, while from 4-Mowkaiaw (ST) there are 39,669 out of 19,624 males and 20,045 females.
However, no action has been taken yet and due to the lack of action by the Police, the coal truck has been overturned on 12th June, 2024 after lodging a complaint on 30/0 /2024 near Athiabari Police Station for smuggling coal about 1 km from Athiabari Outpost,” he said.
Therefore, he urged the teachers to take responsibility for bringing about changes in education in the state by producing intellectuals.
He said that according to the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act 1997, it is clear that the inheritance of the Khasi people according to the customs and traditions belongs to the mother.
Shillong: U Harekrishna Debnath, 67, of Nagoan, Assam, has been admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital since 30th November 2020 and tested positive for COVID-19 on the same day.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has won the Rajabala by-election.
To take a human life is a wild act and should not have a place in a country that is clear and has laws and regulations to govern the rule of law.
Media reports said tens of thousands of civilians had fled eastern Gaza over Israel's preparations to fight a ceasefire against Hamas militants. The death toll has risen to 3,500, including 1,300 Israelis and 2,200 Palestinians, including 600 children.
Nongpoh: Police on Tuesday recovered the body of Ricky Marbanniang (18), from Umsohlang Umsning village, who drowned in the Umtrew River in Ri Bhoi District.
When asked how much MeECL has been paid, AT Mondal said he does not have the exact figure as the payment has been paid from time to time. MeECL is still supported so don't worry about this.
He said that the bill needs to be discussed further but the government should not forget to implement the ILP which is a strong law to curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities. He said that the state has a Land Transfer Act but what has happened is that this Act has its shortcomings because foreigners cannot transfer land without permission from the state. that District Council.
Among those who have been infected with Corona or Covid-19 and those who have died mostly in the world are those who have been infected through smoke and close contact.
Producer Commander Shangpliang said that the story of the film is interesting and when it was sent to some critics, they praised it.
Parents, grandparents or elders don't have time to teach their children because they have to chase wealth and compare or compete with wealth. much.
He said that the award is not the end of the day but the beginning of the work for the development of the nation and the state as a whole.
Vikram Biduri from Tughlabad and Rambir Singh Biduri from Badarpur have been defeated by the AAP candidates. BJP candidate Nupur Sharma came second and Congress candidate Kiran Walia came third.
“He has done a lot of good for the people, but unfortunately he is in jail,” he said.
The match on Saturday will be between Luti Tuber SW and Moosalyngkat at 2 pm.
The residents of the area have had to leave their homes to get jobs in a safe place.
Similarly, in institutions partially or fully funded by the public, if they are the Government of India or the University Grants Commission.
She said that those youths who want to prove that they are residents of the border areas of the state should submit their Electoral Voter Cards (EPIC).
“The department will be able to announce the detailed report tomorrow after receiving the full figures from all 12 districts,” he said.
She praised the dedication and hard work of the winners and also the BSF for protecting India at the border and at the same time for organizing these sports.
He said that the garbage dump will be converted into a place where the people can use it and this will also be an example that can be followed in other parts of the state.
To achieve this goal, it is the unity of all the people in the state.
He said that both the states can travel from Karbi Anglong to Meghalaya, but both the states have agreed that only 10 inches of land will not be given or taken.
Shillong, Lber 3: After receiving a tip that a man has pretended to be an IPS officer, the state police have been monitoring the movements of a man who has pretended to be an IPS officer. Shillong Police have raided his residence at 5 pm this evening and after receiving sufficient information on his residence, Shillong Police have raided his residence at 5 pm. at Veronica Lane Laytumkhrah.
After the ksing lumpaid, the ksing ka dhah was introduced at the end of the hall, in preparation for the resumption of the dance training for the boys and girls. The tournament was held at Weiking Square, Jaïaw.
The court has announced that without a new report, no sentence can be sent at this time.
After testing, it was found to be heroin weighing 458 grams.
Shillong: The construction of a memorial school for the late Split Lyngdoh Langrin in Domiasiat by the Presbyterian Youth Today (PYT-IN) has been completed.
Pynshngain, MLA from Mawsynram constituency, has refused to resign from the post of MDC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and has criticized the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. Speaking on Monday in his office, Bah Rowel, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state in charge of the Ministry of Labour, said that the Bill has been introduced with the intention of promoting himself as an MDC. He said that if the party needs it, it can ask for clarification from Bah Pynshngain if he continues to speak and act against the party-led government.
His friends who escaped were identified as Bor Dkhar of Wapungshnong, Mihsalan Dkhar of Pynthorsale, Tre Phawa of Pynthorsale and Arki Rymbai of Musniang.
This surprise raid has surprised all the market dwellers, who were shocked when the District Council police came to raid the foreign shops.
During that meeting, they discussed many things related to their country.
Let us put God first and surrender to Him to guide us and let us pray that God will be the true leaders in the country and the world if we want peace and happiness.
“If you elect me and if I reach my goal, many problems can be improved and innovated in the implementation of schemes and other needs of the people, because it is only this party. you don't have anything to do with the world.
“Others buy with the power of money but I didn't do that, we use the power of knowledge because knowledge is power,” said Bah Shabong.
He said that on this occasion he has decided to fully support Moonlight Pariat who has a strong desire to become a leader and called on all the party supporters to work hard to reach the goal.
In this regard, the union strongly condemns the actions of these troops who do not care about the indigenous people and who do not care about the women and children living in this area.
She takes an active part in singing at church services and is also a member of Kid's Tarari. In this group she has participated in three songs, the first of which is 'You Say' ', 'The Soul That Is Not Burning' and the third 'Burn the Light'
What happened on the day of Pentecost was that the different nations, although speaking in their own languages, respected and appreciated each other (Acts 2:6).
Other speakers at the meeting included Wanteibok Lyngdoh Secretary HYC WKHD, Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC Nongstoin Circle, AK Syntiew WKHD Women's Wing and others. the lighting of the lights in the village of Siejlieh.
Sonali Mishra, IPS, ADG, BSF (Eastern Command) Kolkata, was the chief guest along with Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG, BSF, Meghalaya Frontier, Prof. Prabha Shankar Sukla, Vice Chancellor, NEHU. , ShTS Chavan, AD Sports Authority of India, senior officers and officials of the BSF. to all those who participate in various sports.
Shillong: The Cabinet today decided to postpone the decision of the previous government to grant permission for the construction of houses in terms of height.
The answer is that they have received but it is surprising that this person has the intention to mislead by taking advantage of this incident which the world and India together with the state government are fighting against. the COVID-19 virus.
Shillong: The Union Minister in charge of Minority Affairs, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, in a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that through the Ministry of Minority Affairs, He will implement various schemes in all districts of Meghalaya.
The police have launched an attempt to search for the knife after waiting for a while for the Pung Umïam to subside.
On the same day, Bah Hamlet said that six water tanks will be installed in Umlyngka and two in Nongkseh to meet the water needs of the village.
“All the employees of the factory have been severely affected after the lockdown was imposed in the country to fight against COVID-1
Pynshngain N Syiem Chairman of the PDF said that the meeting also decided to support the Village Administration Bill passed by the KHADC and urged the government to pass the Village Administration Bill. Bill and to be sent to the Governor for enactment.
“There are 100, 200 and 400 metres, javelin throw, shot put, relays for men and women and others at this sports school.
The incident took place on June 2, 2022 when foreigners who came to the market were shot dead by unidentified persons. The Tyrso Village Authority has not arrested the foreigners and has lodged a complaint with the police, but in fact the Tyrso Village Authority has not arrested the foreigners and has not lodged a complaint. to the police.
HITO will celebrate its 10th Anniversary on the 6th June 2022 at Jaiaw Lumpyllong Community Hall, Shillong. organization.
The lack of jobs for the youth who do not have enough people to train apprentices in various lines of work to create employment opportunities for the youth.
The mother of the girl, said that her daughter, has been abducted by unknown robbers till today although the Assam police through the action of the Meghalaya police, have arrested one of them. people who don't have mobile phones.
Nongpoh: The family members of a Rangbah in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District, have announced that he has died of COVID-1 The health authorities in Ri Bhoi District have not taken action to provide for the burial of this Rangbah.
Recently, the Harijan Panchayat Committee has also expressed its dissatisfaction with the relocation to Mawbah.
The Board of Directors of the East India Company to establish the Khasi Jaintia Hills has issued an Order through Regulation No. 1 of 1799 to prohibit free trade between the Khasi Jaintia and Sylhet. to enter the Khasi Hills (Giri).
This decision of the Supreme Court of Meghalaya has not only revived and encouraged the non-government teachers but has also revived the right and desire to serve or work. of teachers to provide training, public awareness in all political activities.
The ceremony was held at Divine Savior, Nongthymmai Parish, Shillong on Saturday.
He said that the President of the Youth Wing, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, was leaving Nongstoiñ yesterday and it is understood that the leader of the Youth Wing will also visit the constituency.
“We will need another five months to complete the construction because just to clean the lyngkhot lyngkhai it will take about two months to start the new construction,” he said.
The ultimate objective of the BJP is to make India a Hindu country.
Shabong was arrested after receiving a complaint from S.Kharmuti that the Rangbah Shnong together with the village authorities did not allow her to bury her husband within the boundary. The villagers did not inform the village authorities.
When asked about the demand of the adhoc teachers for a 5% salary increase per annum, he said, “Their demand of 5% will be considered by the government and it will see whether they can implement it”. .
If you want to have a healthy body, the ability to work and a long life, only exercise can help you.
“The reason for the suspension is not true at all,” said Bah Pyniaid, when asked about his suspension for two years.
“Produce rice and sell it to Bangladesh,” he said. “To produce soh, produce rice and sell it to Bangladesh,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Sadon, who is also the president of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), said that the HNYF strongly condemns the government for being stingy to complete the peace talks despite the HNLC's visit. The HNYF urges the Government to listen to the demands of the HNLC so that the peace talks can continue.
At the same time, the Central Body through its President HC Dkhar and General Secretary HH Dkhar has warned against those who give documentary proof of the Kur Dkhar to others without permission. The Seng Kur Dkhar has received permission from the Seng Kur Dkhar, and if there are still people who take kur or give kur klumar to the Dkhar Kur for personal gain, they should leave immediately once before the Kur finds them. so that they may escape punishment from the family and from the authorities of the law.
The Minister of Industries and Commerce, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Meghalaya State Pollution Board have been criticized for issuing certificates to these factories without any public notice. people.
Wow, Sahitya!If I were Bah Heh SJDuncan, I would have said 'Phuit Ka Sabuit.
If there are Khasi states, such as Manipur State or Tripura State outside Assam since
Regarding the complaint, the BDO of Salsella said that he has sent officers to investigate the allegation and so far they have found that there are only 10 suspects. workers who have not received their wages rightly.
Mukhim said that from time to time the department conducts tests but the incident in Delhi has prompted the department to conduct a special drive for the The bread was taken to take a sample of the bread sold in the state.
Speaking to reporters, BJP Mawhati President Tin Mukhim said that the construction of the by pass road from Mawhati has created problems for us because it is actually to connect with the Umsning road but you go to the forest.
On this occasion, a traditional Khasi dance was also held, besides speeches by other bank officials.
I will do something in the next few days,” said Dr Aman.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, he said that in terms of places of worship, people have been forced to go to churches to 75% and he said that as a whole, Only 1/3 of the people were allowed to attend church, but now they have increased this rule to 75% of the members.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister was informed that the delegation from the Dorbar has met with the Ministers of the Government of India including Kirren Rijiju, Minister of State for Home Affairs, among others and the Chief Executive Members. The NDA Government through the report of the National Commission for the Review of the Constitution (NDA) has proposed to appoint three Chiefs (Syiem, Dolloi and Nokma). or their representatives within the three District Councils.
The driver and handyman of the tanker were arrested.
“Until today, the salary will be released as soon as possible,” said Sangma in reply to a call attention by UDP MLA from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem in the Legislative Assembly.
When asked how many contractual employees there are at NEIGRIHMS, the Minister replied that so far there is only one consultant who works on contractual basis.
A.Warjri , Caroline Kharpuri.
“We have now handed over to the Police Department to see if the situation has returned to normal and if there is nothing else, maybe from Friday morning we will see if we can lift the curfew. internet,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
Rohit Kumar Yadav scored 49 off 50 runs and Winning Star Khongjoh scored 25 runs off 19 balls.
Members of the Scouts and Guides and unit leaders from four villages in East Khasi Hills including Queenie Secondary School, May Fairs Secondary School, St. John's Secondary School, H Elias Memorial Hr. Secondary School and St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School took part in the cleanliness drive which was also attended by staff from the State Headquarters.
One of these incidents happened on 21st June 2022 in Rerapara, where a husband and children were left alive.
Rajendra Bhatt, District Magistrate of Bhilwara, issued the order that the money should be paid within three days and will go to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund. The remaining expenses shall be paid by the father of the writer.
The question we can ask ourselves individually is, what have we gained from these protests?  The obvious answer is that there is nothing that will satisfy the people.
If you have the power of a lion or a lion, do you think that your power is lost before the Creator?
However, when she reached the middle of the forest, she saw that there were 3 men and 3 women who were waiting in the middle of the forest. I tried to escape and save myself and in that attempt I got caught from the hand of the person who was holding me and I escaped from the house. place.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 950 a day.
Besides these units, a new Circle has been established in the area, which has been named CSWO Lumdiengngan Circle. Daplin Khongsit as Assistant Secretary and Dioty Lynshiang as Treasurer.
The driver and passenger were not injured in the incident and the Nongpoh Police Station and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) have rushed to the scene to clean up and repair the vehicle. a truck overturned on the highway.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Education Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has received the applications of the students who will write the CSIR, NET 2022 regarding the Examination Centre. The National Testing Agency (NTA) on Tuesday evening sent a petition to the Senior Director of the National Testing Agency (NTA), Dr S. Parashar. to rebuild the Examination Centers in Shillong for the youth of Meghalaya.
“There are people in Them Metor who have carried knives and knives,” said the SP. the people to disperse.
In the second leg, Byndihati SC beat Bataw YWSC 1-0 by Kyrshan Nongtdu in the 53rd minute.
In Nartiang, 937 cases, in Raliang – 1023 and in Mookaiaw – 879 cases.
In the match between these two teams, it was witnessed that the match was very strong and interesting and it impressed the spectators on this day even though in the first half both the teams scored They worked hard to score their goals but both the teams didn't get a chance to score.
They also spoke about the uniqueness of the Jaidbynriew in terms of culture, language and history which gives a unique snap to the Khasi.
PWD has also installed 10 tons of MAX load in Dwarksuid.
Shillong: The India's Most Prominent Food & Hospitality Awards-2023 have been awarded to more than 40 food and beverage experts. to honor one's fellowman in one's own household.
Shillong, July 28 : The Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
Regarding the incident ha Umsamlem, which happened at 1 pm, it was learned that the deceased was riding behind the bike (ML 05-Q). -0172, which was heading towards Nongpoh and was driven by a friend, collided with a truck parked on the road.
That is why China and Japan can produce more crops from the same amount of land than this manure by composting as described above.
“It is difficult to count them as good or bad if they stay there,” said the GS of KSU South West Khasi Hills.
“We need to be responsible and we have to ensure that any issue that arises we can resolve in the right way,” he said.
Last but not least, the youth should be determined and set goals that they should be able to do the job they want to do and not to allow too many foreigners because they will end up in the hands of foreign workers. The state will not help you if you don't have the desire to work for yourself.
Likewise, the glory of the country does not depend on the rulers who have the power to flow like a river, but on the people of the country, if they know, know, understand, understand how to learn and where to turn. the way of their journey.
It is painful to hear these news from those who don't have a church to protect or protect.
Nit Shabong convened the meeting not to campaign for elections, but to explain to the public about the Assam Forest Regulation Act 1981 which the Meghalaya government has implemented by naming it Meghalaya Forest. The Regulation Act, which Nit Shabong strongly opposes.
Shillong, July 12: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday said that some MDCs of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have violated the rules of religious dignity by being involved in the distribution of schemes under the MDC Scheme. .
In the days of the Judges the children of Israel lived independently and ruled themselves. The book of Judges contains many wonderful stories and one of them is about Delilah and Samson (Judges 13-15).
The Congress has strongly opposed the removal of Alok Verma, as the term of office of the CBI chief is two years and will expire in July
The winners of this festival will represent Jaintia Hills at the State Level Youth Festival
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister urged the people of the state to fight against the use of plastic. government offices and plastic water bottles, it was a struggle.
The truck (AS-10-C-2128) was parked on one side of the road.
He said that on the day of the decision, Bah Hek was not in the state and when he saw the decision of the Cabinet, in the media, he spoke to the President. The NPP party and to meet and talk to the Prime Minister to send for a review of this decision.
He said the competition was organized by the India Mountaineering East Zone Committee and will be held at the Himalayan Institute in Darjeeling, West Bengal. Association.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr HH Mohrmen recalled that the celebration of WED which started in 1972 has turned 50 this year.
It is also the fact that after they have won, they want to stay in power for three years, that is, to govern.
The NPP and TMC were not mentioned as it is clear that there are no leaders to lead the people of Garo Hills, even if there are paradoh parasnam who do not have the right leadership and who do not have the strength. to become prime minister.
The census on malnutrition includes the provision of unhealthy or unhealthy foods, the malnutrition of children, which is not nutritious at all, and the death of children under the age of five from malnutrition.
It is unlikely that their departure from the party will have an impact on the 2023 elections.
Shillong, July 06: The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Food, Consumer Affairs and Public Distribution today visited Meghalaya to inquire about the distribution of ration in the state.
Shillong: The Public Account Committee (PAC) has criticized the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) for its slow operation and said that the electricity department is still following the old MeSEB.
The village authorities and police rushed to the scene, but at the same time, Kolestar went to Pynursla Police Station to surrender. he knew that he had killed a man.
The cause of her death was reported to be high blood pressure and diabetes and taking medicines regularly, according to her family members.
It is also the time to get big, ride a car and choose any expensive car of your choice.
Earlier, Vice-Chancellor Dr. Paul Mohan Rai gave a brief report on the progress of the university since its inception.
The camp will start on 24th June and will continue till 18th June.
The agreement was signed in Shillong on 5th July
“In every part of the world, evil has been seen because of the exploitation of political activities in which any ethnic group has been destroyed by the scientific methods of selfish leaders.
Meghalaya needs other states in terms of beef and most of it comes through Assam.
This goal encouraged the team and after 4 minutes Iaraplang Nongrum scored the second goal to make it 2-0
Ladthadlaboh SC beat Niaw Wasa 1-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
Today, some of those who oppose Bah Ardent, have posted the accounts or passbooks of Bah Ardent's wife and children on social media to show that the children of Bah Ardent are jait. eat.
Meghalaya has already contributed only 3.2% and 2.8%,” he said. He said the Congress in Assam has ruled for 15 years while in Meghalaya it has ruled for 10 years.
A souvenir was launched on the occasion of the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Samla Mawkhar and prizes were also distributed to the winners of various competitions.
There are 646 MBoSE recognized schools in Shillong and Tura Region, while there are 1166 MBoSE recognized schools in Shillong and Tura Region.
The Seng is also ready to meet with the Union Ministers if the State Government has sent this matter to the Union Government.
There has been a stone throwing in different parts of Assam, a vehicle collision and the incident happened in parts of Nalbari and many private vehicles, auto rickshaws. , the truck was damaged at Azara, near Guwahati.
“Besides, Bah Charles said that this is not only for the Congress MLAs but for the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today warned that if the land authorities and the government do not take action to curb the invasion of foreign land, On the other hand, the Seng is ready to take action in its own way.
So he began to avoid accompanying Gomer to events and festivals.
“In 1992, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) raised the demand for the rights of the Khasi Hills by inserting provisions into the Constitution...” The HNLC also fought on the issue. This issue and the desire for independence of Hynniewtrep from India.
The union is deeply saddened by the fact that even after receiving a letter through BADO Dawki to the Border Area Department, the ropeway at Kongwang village has stopped working.
He said that community bounding is essential to strengthen our nation.
He said that some of the information he wanted to know which he had requested through the RTI Act was to know about the purchase of unused machines, machines purchased and lost without use, canceled and pending contract works, procedures for calling tenders for supply of equipment for contract work, names of technical officers appointed and supervising the construction of the new plant from the commencement of work and time to complete the plant operations.
He said that the Governor has asked for minor clarifications on the VAB. He denied that the Governor has asked for clarification on the rules repealed by the PDF in sub sections 8 and Earlier, the Governor had sought clarification from the State Government on the provisions of the VAB. The ARPA and the Sengbhalang they demanded that these provisions should be maintained as withdrawal was a killing of the spirit of the Bill.
The suspect was identified as Rahul Nazary of Happy Valley, Shillong and a case has been registered under the NDPS Act.
Donald recalled that the party has also held various protests as a sign of protest against the rape of Bah Lurshai.
This will also affect the customs and traditions of the community which is also in accordance with Article 29 (1) of the Constitution which empowers to preserve the customs and traditions.
Regarding the threat of the two lawyers, the Union, while strongly condemning, has assured all the lawyers that it will always be with them in such moments.
If you follow the job set up by your parents, your children don't need to buy khiew and plates because they are already at home. This is also an example to follow other jobs. yours.
It is worth mentioning that the ASHAs in the villages are the first people to take responsibility for providing services to the people in order to ensure that the residents get health as well as to ensure that they children and pregnant women shall receive protection and medicines from various government programmes.
“In fact, the government should have called for talks with the political parties, but the prime minister has set up a special court to hear the political parties and I am very sorry about this,” he said.
Aashish Kumar Lohar took wickets for 2/6 in 3 overs and Benedict Jones Makdoh for 2/16 in 7 overs.
The opening ceremony was attended by Rgh DK Dkhar President Seng Khasi Kmie in the presence of the office bearers of JPK Seng Khasi Kmie The competition was organized by the Rongbiria Seng Annual Committee of the Khasi Kmie.
Why for? The reason is that the meter will charge both sides.
It was not easy for the men's team to win the match, as Sharath Kamal, who is also the captain, had to sit down and allow Manav Thakkar in the final.
Even the water level in the Umiam reservoir has been decreasing and will decrease if the rain does not fall soon, which will last for a while.
Shortly after the incident, police also rushed to the scene to investigate.
Special greetings and praise to those who work in marten.
Trachoma is a disease that leads to complete blindness and is found worldwide.
He said that every year the government purchases vehicles for senior officers and ministers and whether this is necessary to purchase every year.
Manbhalang Dympep, 25, of Manbhalang Dympep, 25, of Manbhalang Dympep, 25 years old, was found with 0.65 grams of heroin. 45,000 was stolen from his girlfriend, Pheryl Wahlang, 26, of Laban Last Stop.
The CEM wants to find out for himself the situation of the market and has scheduled a meeting tomorrow, March 11th to hold a meeting at the market to listen to the voices of the farmers and to hear the answer of the Hima Mylliem.
The KSU has informed that it will hold a meeting on 23rd June with the villagers to take a decision.
Whenever I ask the children why they don't go to school anymore, the answer I get is, “I don't have the support of my family anymore,”...”I have only a mother, my father has run away”.
The police have requested the FKJGP leaders to refrain from forcibly closing down the shops, saying that the FKJGP has not received any information from the authorities to do so and has also informed the Dorbar Shnong.
The office bearers of the EJNC Jalaphet were confirmed by Sakilan Chyrmang President Sumer Circle at a meeting chaired by EJNC President Lector Dkhar at the Community Hall, Jalaphet, Lumsashram.
The country has reached another milestone in its journey towards 'Har Ghar Jal' on 4th June 2023, with 11.66 crore (60%) households in rural areas having access to water at home. Five states of Gujarat, Telangana, Goa, Haryana and Punjab and three Union Territories of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Daman Diu and Dadra Nagar Haveli and Puducherry have completed 100% of the work.
The doctors found that Agnes had a blood clot in the brain, three vertebrae, 8,9,10 and D12 were broken.
The KSU distributed stickers and hoisted flags on this day to remind the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India of their opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) and the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. the ILP and the MRSSA.
According to police sources, the woman was identified as Amika G Marak, 22, of the same village. He said that the woman was killed by bloodthirsty men who used firearms to take her life.
The union leader said that the relevant officers have promised to take action and provide all the medicines to protect the cows.
“In just two years he has not been able to carry the burden, he does not have the same character, patience, love as Bah Hoping,” he said.
Besides, on the 3rd of June, the NSUI will conduct a Post Card Campaign, while on the 15th to 20th, the Jai Bharat Satyagraha will be held in the districts.
The Special Team of East Khasi Hills Police have arrested Nath from Tripura (West) on the 9th of this month. , Agartala and has now been brought to Shillong for prosecution.
No Central Government offices have been evacuated from Shillong during the outbreak of Covid-19 except for NEEPCO,” said the Seng.
The office bearers of the unit include Star Mynsong as President, Elvis Muktieh as Vice President and Spering Nongrum as General Secretary.
The HNLC said it has been waiting for the promises of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to appoint a mediator between the government and the HNLC to come to the peace table.
Richfield Wahlang 35kg Male Wrestling,
“How many people living in the Normal Shillong Area can apply for citizenship through the CAA,” said the President of the HYC. other states to this state.
Let no man destroy himself by the evil deeds of his life, for God will destroy him.
The synagogue was packed with groups of men and people from women to men.
Shangpung Unit Officers: Phrangki Papang President Sowatki Law Vice President Lutmon Sungoh General Secretary Banteichwa Langbang Assistant General Secretary Teimiki Suchiang Finance Secretary Leki Law Assistant Finance Secretary Tennyson Suchiang Education Secretary Sainmiki Suchiang Assistant Assistant Finance Secretary Tennyson Suchiang Law Environment Secretary Iaishah Law Assistant Environment Secretary Thiejmiki Iakai Organizing Secretary Pynioomi Langbang Assistant Organizing Secretary Stefferson Sungoh Publicity Secretary Deiwympher Suchiang Assistant Publicity Secretary Shining Iaki Socio-Cultural Secretary Leimon Sungoh-C members Assistant Ruh selected.
Shillong, July : In an effort to prepare and train the youth of the state for their future, the Government of Meghalaya through the Sports & Youth Affairs Department, in collaboration with the Education Department, has launched a program 'Aspire Meghalaya' has been launched in all 12 districts by AVENUES, Shillong.
Similarly, Michael Jordan's jersey, worn in the 1998 NBA Finals, which was sold for $10.1 million in November 2022, is still held as such. his most expensive item among the other items sold at auction.
Bah Marbniang congratulated and blessed the club to continue to grow in the field of sports and to produce stars from the club.
The bench had summoned the top officials of the Election Department on June 24 to clarify the working of the EVMs and VVPATs, seven days after they had ordered to strengthen the working of the EVMs. One of the directives is that after the printing of the seals, on the EVMs after 1st October 2024, the seals should be properly attached, in which the candidates should sign on these seals.
3.5 crore new seats will be created in higher education institutions.
“We have already lodged a complaint with the authorities but it has not reached anywhere,” said the teacher.
“The seventh subject will be an Additional Elective Subject and this change has been made to allow the students to choose the subjects according to their wishes,” said Bah Kharbhih.
Thus they fought for independence, for self-government and this struggle also included the right to inherit the city of Jerusalem.
Even now that they have completed the exploratory excavation, there have been discussions on the health of the people living in Domïasiat, Umdohlun, Wahkaji and other neighboring villages.
David Sympli donated 50 seats to the AAP State Office and Victoria Shylla donated beverages to the District Unit.
The Convener of the Council, M Syiem, said that the Council has done many things for the development of women by providing training in education and other fields.
Regarding the rapid spread of crimes and murders in Nongstoiñ, the union will consider how to curb these crimes.
Another of these varieties is the sohmyndong.
These leaders and supporters were welcomed by BJP National Vice President M. Chuba Ao, BJP National Secretary Rituraj Sinha, State President Ernest Mawrie, BJP Media Convenor from Assam and others. Rupam Goswami, State General Secretary Thomas Mawrie and others.
We request the Government to immediately improve this work as many of our employees are facing difficulties.
“I'm strong,” Santa replied.
Seeing this, the residents suspected that something might have happened inside the factory.
It is essential that parents discipline their children and this is the most important help and support in the great task of leading the child in the battle of his life.
Ri Bhoi beat East Jaintia Hills by 69 runs in the first innings in Nongpoh, while South Garo Hills beat South West Jaintia Hills by eight wickets in the first innings. It was held at Mendi Pathar in Zone
“The current Prime Minister is the weakest and is led by others and for that reason no AITC MLAs will want to work with him because we have a skilled leader Dr. Cluster Cluster”.
The relatives of the deceased have gathered at the Civil Hospital Ialong today and expressed their condolences over the incident.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 2,236 so far and 900 new cases have been confirmed, the National Health Commission said.
The wish of the people of Nongstoin is that the Legal Tender Bidding System should be called, they said.
However, while the Government has not implemented the ILP in Khasi Jaintia, it is difficult for us Khasi Jaintia that Dkhars or foreigners from Bangladesh and others can invade us Khasi people without any reason. There is a strong law to protect us Khasi Pnar.
The Minister of Home Affairs listened carefully and agreed to look into these issues as soon as possible.
In the last match, Lajong earned three points against Churchill Brothers FC, Goa and lost to East Bengal FC. scored 34 points in 16 games.
It is easy to say but the task is difficult especially when other ethnic groups also live in the areas in these two blocks, not only the Khasi Pnars.
In our journey, we have found that there are about 2000 farmers who are trying such methods in the field of agriculture.
Ma Rymbui's remarks came after the teachers of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) threatened to go to the Secretariat to demand their salaries, which are still pending for three months. skip.
While Adelbert was speaking on many parts of the Rules 128, he suddenly stopped speaking for about 3 minutes. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has risen from his seat to Adelbert and Congress MDC from Mawlai PT Sawkmie has risen from his seat to visit Adelbert. Encourage him to go to his own place.
He said that in the implementation, there may be shortcomings here and there but it is not to be overlooked.
“We need our Members of Parliament in Delhi to fight on the issues we have, such as the border issues, the Fifth Schedule and other issues related to development and the implementation of various schemes,” said Conrad.
However, in a meeting with the Minister, the party said that it has made it clear that the government will not repeal the bill which the minister said is in the Legislative Assembly. .
Arunachal scored 57/2 in the second innings.
In the past three years, ASPIRE 1.0 has provided training to about 9,230 youth and more than 1,84,600 hours in the state.
In the inspection of the reporter around the area, it was found that the smuggling of rnga and the illegal logging of trees is still rampant and it was also found that there are still dozens of rnga trucks in each area. sahuh man night without sleep.
So in conclusion, I call you my dear friends, it is true that as I said earlier that in our lives we may experience many troubles in our lives, in the Our homes, anxieties that are a heavy burden that comes in the form of poverty, hunger, sickness, suffering and can also come in the form of despair for the future but I invite you when such things come, take the Bible and read the Word of God, because in the Word of God there is all the answer for us, for these things too.
We pay for them from the wages we earn every day.
He said that the new leaders of the party in Mawlai now include him as Block President (MBCC), Franky Massar General Secretary, Golda Pathaw President of Mahila Congress. Mawlai, Youth Congress General Secretary Banri Mawlong, Mawlai, said that Ferdinand Jyrwa has been appointed as President and Astarious Lyngdoh as General Secretary.
He said the Trading License helps to identify these people because they have to submit their EPIC and Residential.
Shillong, March 31 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Monday announced Allan West Kharkongor as its candidate for the 2023 MLA elections from Sohra constituency.
They were accompanied by their coach Samla Allan Marbaniang who is also the President of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association.
In the presence of thousands of residents of Sohiong constituency, on 23rd June 2013, the remains of Bah H.Donkupar R Lyngdoh, better known as 'Maheh Don', were buried at Sohiong. .
Samla Bobby has entered the Grand Finale of India Talent Fight online with his video and after that he was selected for the Mega Audition and immediately went to meet the leaders of All Meghalaya Dancers Association to ask for help how to get to Delhi as he is the only child from the rural area.
When he arrived at the house of Riewsaid, Bah Shanbor greeted him and told him about the progress of the case and also about the victory and the fine of 1000 tyngka to the complainants.
Arthur posted a picture of the 20-foot bed on his Instagram page, which he believes is the largest bed in the world.
“It will be a golden opportunity for the people of Maweit who have never had the opportunity to meet face to face with the Head of State, because they are eager to answer the questions they have prepared to ask and get clarification on the disappearance. Scheme 2 or Nongstoiñ-Maweit-Nongjri road 75 kilometers and many other development projects from Government departments, which have caused losses to the residents of the area,” said Bah Tonington Tyrsa Adviser, He is also the General Secretary of the Maweit Area Senior Citizens Association.
The Secretary of the village, Bah Jonas Lyndem, has expressed his dissatisfaction with the treatment of the VDPs by the police because they were the police who gave the lathi to the VDPs but now they have been accused of being the murderers. person.
Besides, it also improves the income of the residents of the area.
Listening to the voice of these four MLAs in Ri Bhoi, they said that at such a time, they understand the problems faced by the people and especially those families who live on food. but nevertheless they said that they have worked hard to provide special assistance to those families who are in dire need of food.
The Laitlyting goalkeeper received a red card before the end of the match.
And the reason is that Israel can prepare for the coming world war because Israel is God's weapon of war.
We don't expect the government employees to have any doubts about the safety of these buses as they are very old.
Those who do not distribute these food items or who do not distribute these food items or who do not distribute them in poor quality should immediately inform the office of the DC (Supply), East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
Morningstar Khongwir tied for 46 runs off 39 balls and Steve Syiemlieh for 29 runs off 34 balls.
In the first match between Dulong and NSA, Dulong beat NSA by 6-0 goals.
Meanwhile, shops in Glory Plaza, JM Towers and Jivan Complex will open according to numbers 1 to 6 as directed by the government. don the numbers 4,5,6,1,2
“The people have been deceived for the past 50 years and this time the people will deceive these deceivers who have deceived these stupid people in this election. ," he said.
However, what I have found in this age of knowledge is the opposite of what I have heard from the elders in the past.
“Corruption is against democracy, corruption is inadequate Government service delivery, corruption affects economic growth ... a corruption-free society is the guarantee of grow it," he said.
Shillong, June 25: Ri-Bhoi District has the highest number of cases of Covid-19 in the state.
The truth is that this is the responsibility of the Government, the villages and townships should be the only ones who will help to resolve this and that, not to become doctors. to the sick.
Until now, there has been no difference of opinion between me and the Prime Minister and also with the NPP party. I have resigned from my post as Co-Chairman of the State Planning Board and from the party.
Champion, who was arrested in 2012, was released on bail by the Supreme Court in recent days.
Speaking on the occasion, Mondal said that there is a plan to implement an Aerial Bundle cable or to replace the electricity supply wires.
“However, I want to make it clear that the PDF has not played politics regarding the issue affecting the farmers.
“The people are worried that the government will resolve this issue.
Mawryngkhang is one of the tallest and tallest mountains in the world.
The preaching of the Gospel is nearing its end according to the signs of the times, and it has grown well to the ends of the earth.
The festival is part of the NESOJ's mission to showcase and promote the culture and traditions of the North East.
Replying to a question, the former DHS said, “I am from Mawkhar and I grew up here.
There are land owners in Lyngkhat area who have started to count their crops, such as soh, kwai, and others as directed by the office of the DC and NBCC. They said that even the Meghalaya government cannot fight against this because it is the responsibility of the Indian government and they doubt that if they fight by force, it will lead to the loss of land especially when other places have been destroyed. dep ker sign lute.
Hat Dhar, Chairman of the Kur Dhar Sohtken Shmiashyiang Village, Amlarem Sub-Division, has also received a plot of land for the construction of the Sub-Divisional Hospital. They also sent a copy to the Local MLA, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui.
The musicians are Stoper W.Tyngsong, Christopher Khonglah, Bitx.
The President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, Alan Niangti, said that after the state government issued the announcement to relocate the PWD North Jowai Division and change its name to Shangpung Division, they have decided unanimously and demanded from the government. to cancel this office move.
In Tamil Nadu and Goa, the state government has spent 25 per cent and the central government 75 per cent on education expenditure, while in Meghalaya, the state government has spent only 10 per cent and 90 per cent respectively. the central government.
“They can come by bus, by plane, by truck, etc.," he said.
He said that the lodging of a complaint by Mono Areng against 23 people, the village is only trying to bring them to justice so that Mono Areng can. The proposal to sell these villages in Umtyrnga.
However, the number of MLAs in these parties will change after
Santhosh was dismissed for 59 off 94 balls.
The opening match of the tournament was between Mawpon SS&SC and Nongthmmai SC in which Mawpon won by 2 goals to 0, while the second match was between Riangpoit SC and Nongthmmai SC. Brother FC Riangpoit won 2-1 goals.
He said that South West Garo Hills district, which is close to Bangladesh, has been used by insurgent groups as a route to kidnap people due to its proximity to Bangladesh and other illegal activities.
“I don't criticize the former leaders but the new one is more obedient and faster and I witness this as a resident,” he said at the meeting held at Mawpun which was attended by hundreds of people. residents including leaders of the Presbyterian Church.
The employees of the Board have not only been waiting for the arrear since 2007 until now.
The incident happened on the night of the 24th of this month when three houses including the house of Bah Ebarlet Syiemlieh from Mawsikar, the house of Bah Sminglan Syiemlieh from Mawsikar, Umbyrsit and the house of Bah Samuel Wanniang from Umwali were destroyed.
To promote tourism especially in the Laitlyngkot area to create income generation opportunities for the farmers and to create opportunities to address the problems faced by the farmers during the year to the year.
Shillong, November 18 : To attract tourists especially those who come with family and friends, the management of Dwet Singh Rymbai Green Resort (DSRGR) on Saturday inaugurated the resort. The village of Laitdiengwah, Smit.
JSU President Lawyerson War has threatened that if the government delays in opening these two hostels, it will hold a mass protest.
Sana said that Jhanika Siangshai is the District President of the East Jaintia Women Congress Committee and one of the hardworking party workers. The candidate, who is ready to carry a heavy responsibility for the service of the people, has been like the rebirth of the party. .
The total number is at 12.
They reached the Bay of Bengal and climbed eastwards along the Brahmaputra River.
Rangdajied have dropped to fourth place alongside Nangkiew Irat with three points and 0 goal difference.
Besides his long tenure in politics, Bah Khongwir is a leader and longtime Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum, who has worked hard for the community of Mawlai Nonglum. this city until the last days.
In this regard, the Vice President of BJP Meghalaya, Bah Wankitbok Pohshna has requested the state government to take immediate action, so that the residents can concentrate on going to work. instead of building the roads in their villages.
Hello dear readers, please continue to read, like and share the news of Rupang.com.
Many households forbid drinking between meals and sleep.
The SSMP has honored them today after the election of the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri Village held at the Madanheh Stadium, Phudmuri.
Thus, after the destruction of Jerusalem the Jews (Israel) suffered a terrible curse because of their disobedience to God.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U NCP MDC candidate from Laban-Mawprem, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that he has won the election and his campaign is to congratulate the people. .
“Whether the invitation comes or not, the union will go and meet the Government,” he said.
The bodies were lying lyngktar on parts of the Ramadi highway, which is the entrance to Baghdad. About 500 bodies and 8,000 others were reportedly killed. The Islamic State militants have now moved eastwards, about 20 miles from Ramadi, according to military sources and if they reached Baghdad, it would be a very triumphant event.
The owners, managers of the Unitarian Hostel and shops in Standwar should also not discharge garbage or wastewater into the hostel so that it will be clean and attractive.
The Vice President of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), Bah George B. Lyngdoh has strongly condemned the Assam Government's claim that Mukroh village falls under the jurisdiction of Assam.
Ahamed smashed 14 fours and five sixes to reach 138 runs off 123 balls, while Jordash (40 off 50 balls, 8x4s) and Iliyas (26 off 32, 3x4s, 1x6s).
“This march is a sign of protest against the killing of the two school children,” said Comingsoon Dkhar President HANM East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: There was a clash between the people and the police during the Dorbar Shnong in Shella today.
He said that through the existence of this group BAM-JH has also been an opportunity to open the way for the youth to get jobs in this age and now the members of the Association have the opportunity to go ( duty) from Fate, festivals and others.
I see that the unemployed youth's income is the destruction of their own lives.
, 1972, Clauses 2.1 & 2-2 to meet these requirements.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the ECC, Bah Never Lamurong.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Milk Mission, Minister of State for Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Radha Mohan Singh, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Milk Mission will help achieve the target of the Union Government to increase the income of farmers within the year. 2022, through the promotion of the dairy industry in the state.
It is a bag that doesn't last whatever we put or throw away, and that bag is never full.
The CEM also promised that from now on the EC will not give approval to any new factory under his leadership as CEM. The CEM said that so far there are 95 factories. The JHADC has suspended the application due to the opposition of many churches and Sengbhalang.
It is also necessary to acknowledge that corruption has now entered everyone's life and there is no need to blame or blame only others and if the people really understand that corruption affects the country, It is time for them to think twice before taking responsibility but they should think that this task requires rat dyngkhong first themselves and then look at others.
Jowai, June 18: The Director of Divine Mercy Center Ladrymbai Good Shepherd Parish, Rev. Fr Anthony Kolencherry in a statement today said that the Divine Mercy Center Ladrymbai will hold a day on the 23rd of this month. The ceremony will be held at the Divine Mercy Center Ladrymbai from 9:30 pm.
They were arrested from Shivpura, Ramchandra, Block A under Shastrinagar Police Station, Patna.
These planes still want to do this, but I don't know why.
The last time Qatar hosted the tournament was 12 years ago and since then the country has been successful in hosting various football tournaments. as well as the successful journey of the national team.
He said this while laying the foundation stone for the upgradation of Tikrikilla PHC to Community Health Center at Kentapara in Dadenggre Block, West Garo Hills.
If we were born in slavery, how could we remember this day? The longing for freedom from bondage, the longing for freedom from the chains of bondage—how difficult! Those days, each and every day, we will see millions of people of the country fighting, sacrificing themselves for freedom," he said.
This article surprised Sunil.
The problem which we the people cannot understand is that we are seeing a steady increase in income or employment.
These actions of the HSPDP leaders including the President and MLA of the party who is also the Minister and at the same time the Chairman of the Regional Committee West Khasi Hills, have made us as the people to suspect that there is There is nothing wrong with this boundary arrangement because these people do not stand on the basis of what they say.
The State Government has proposed to extend the railway line to New Shillong Town to facilitate the transportation of goods to the State.
The meeting emphasized the importance of vaccinating children who have been able to receive vaccinations in order to strengthen their immunity despite many challenges.
Shukla had married the tribal man, Dashmat Rawat and while he was married to the tribal man, he had been smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The CORP has found that the Mawlasnai PHC on the border of Meghalaya and Assam in Block II of Mawhati Constituency does not have a doctor at all. rural poor people.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Massar, who is also a lawyer, said the Autonomous District Council (ADC) Act is different from the Acts of the State Government and the Central Government in relation to the Autonomous District Council (ADC) Act. MLA and MDC. “In the Act of the State Government and the Central Government, it is clear that if an MLA holds two profitable offices, he will be removed from the MLAship but in the ADC he is independent and does not. "It's a long time," said Bah Massar.
The placards they carry contain instructions to move the garbage to the right place.
The Seng wants to make it clear that it is against the railway line (passenger and goods) and says that no railway line should be talked about in Hynniewtrep until the Inner Line Permit and others have been obtained. Act to prevent the influx of foreigners and foreigners into the State.
There is also a village in Mawryngkhong, Shella Bholaganj, East Khasi Hills district, on the border with Bangladesh. The crown.
The Act also contains provisions that allow mynder to purchase land in Manipur which the Governor is sending to the President for consideration, sources said. is one of the issues that has angered the unions.
HNLC Chairman Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary Saiñkupar Nongtraw have sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs through Advisor AK Mishra to inform them of the decision. to withdraw from the peace talks, stating that the Government has not agreed to approve five demands including amnesty for the members and leaders of the party.
It cannot be denied that the existence of these groups, to serve the people in the field of knowledge of the organization has completely changed their lives.
Now, it started with plastics.
The blast has affected about half of Saudi Arabia's oil production.
At the end of 2019, Ri Bhoi District came second with 16 medals (8 gold, 2 silver and 6 bronze).
CherishShillong, 14 Nailar: The HNLC celebrated its 28th anniversary on the same day last month. Since its establishment on 14th July 1987, its General Secretary, Bah C.Thangkhiew, has sent a notice to the newspapers, unlike the Publicity Secretary, Bah Sainkupar. Farmer.
Lerry G Sangma increased the score by 46 runs from 40 balls including nine 4s and one 6
Amita alleged that her guard was a drunkard and demanded that he be removed from her guard.
At the ceremony, the youth wing also presented momentous gifts and cash prizes to the students as a sign of remembrance and encouragement to them to continue their higher education. Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning was present as the chief guest in the presence of President Samla Wansing Wardkhar, Herdalin Lyngdoh, Village Leaders, Seng Longkmie Leaders, members of the Seng Longkmie. Young parents of young honorees.
As it is a National Highway, the State Government has written to the Ministry of Roads Transport and Highways to allocate funds and in October, 2022 the funds have been allocated.
EJTODA President Tiplang Rymbai said the absence of MVI for six months has caused a lot of problems to the people in relation to motor vehicles.
The law of the world also states that any property or place which is not mentioned in the name of any person, no one shall be the owner of that property or property, but that equipment or place not named anywhere may be maintained but may not be owned or modified.
Besides, the Government should also consider the construction of a Medical College as Meghalaya does not have its own medical college except at NEIGRIHMS which is a hospital of the Government of India.
During the 33 years of His life and ministry, Jesus did not associate or identify Himself with any ruling or religious authorities, but stood against the forces that oppressed them. man and exposed the hypocrisy and wickedness of those powers.
Shillong: A mother of seven children, who lives in Khapmara, Nonglakhiat village, Ri-Bhoi district, has escaped death after her husband, who had killed her, On the way home, he was able to stab three parts of her body.
Mamata's protest site is near the site of the protest against the opening of the Tata Nano in Singapore in
The villagers have worked hard to help him, but he has promised that if they bring strange people, who are not from the village, he will leave in the evening.
He said that there are at least 200 people from Maharashtra and Gujarat who want to return home because they cannot support themselves because they don't get salary anymore and some of them have stayed in hotels. In the past, he has said that the people and the government of other states will not be able to provide them with food from time to time.
Both of these have greatly affected the income of Ri Bilat.
Furthermore, it was found that many of these PPRCs have expired).
The Education Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District on Tuesday announced that it will hold a free coaching class for the students who have completed Class XII and those who have completed Class XII and those who have completed Class XII. prepare to take the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) for admission to various colleges in the state and abroad.
However, there is not a single garbage dump in all the streets of Nongstoiñ.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng, 04: The preparations of the political parties for the 2023 MLA elections have become increasingly clear. The HSPDP of one unit has said that they are still supporting the party and not as if they have given their support to other parties.
During the heavy rainfall, the Wahumkhrah River has flooded and the water tanks have been flooded.
However, foreign attacks in Afghanistan have decreased and become more frequent since the Taliban took control of the country in January
It happened on the 23rd November, 2018 when Bah Herman Nongrum gave a speech on the occasion of the second death anniversary of Bah B Nishan Wahlang at the Riti Academy. Bah HS Shylla (Bam kwai at the door of God) and Bah Bindo M Lanong along with other elders and women from the Wahlang and Warjri clans.
Shillong, November 16: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Tuesday shot dead two persons involved in extortion in the name of the party.
Explaining his recent statement to one of the media, Bah Sungoh said, “If the Karbis don't want to stay in Meghalaya, they can go back to Assam. the first inhabitants of this land.
Ma Lammat OO Laloo said that the entry fee is T.2500/- per affiliated club, and 50/- tyngka per player and no less than 20 or more than 25 players will be allowed.
They were also welcomed by the Khasi-Pnar community who still live in the area.
They also said that the residents who are smart enough to go fishing from the valley, know exactly when they have jej climbs and when the time comes they go to see when they have fish. and they went up into the rocks of the valley, and covered them with their clothes, and slew them.
On the other hand, the CEM said that he cannot decide on their request, but he will take it to the Executive Committee and the village EC to consider the request. Rice Rally.
Shillong: The Deputy Account General of Meghalaya, on Tuesday, expressed his dissatisfaction with the expenditure of funds in the last days of October
The tournament started on March 21, 2023 and will end on November 22,
Shillong: The Laitumkhrah Dorbar Shnong Pyllun has urged the state government to relocate all the Kharmetor residents of Sweeper Lane in Lum Sohra, Laitumkhrah to the place where the government will relocate them. Iewmam.
“Once again we will meet with the government to confirm in writing that it has abolished this plan forever,” said Bah Pynskhem.
“We don't oppose the issuance of the Quarry Slip but what we oppose is that the Quarry Slip is issued only to those who want it by the managers who hold the Quarry Slip,” he said.
In a statement issued on 17th November 2020, the Commissioner and Secretary, Tourism Department, said that the Department of Tourism of the Government of Meghalaya has worked hard to create a perfect platform to open up the tourists to be able to book accommodations, vehicles, and bags to visit beautiful places.
You have not yet come out of my heart.
My children, your children, when they want to do more, it just makes us feel worse,” said the fellow worker. “It's right,” Sandra agreed and stood up to pay the fee. It's time to get back to work,” said a fellow employee, looking at the clock on her Samsung mobile phone.
Revelation 20:1-3
Nongpoh, Nailar 09: Regarding the complaint of the residents of Byrnihat area regarding the spread of garbage especially along the National Highway, the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, u Bah Victor Ranee MDC, together with the district authorities in the presence of Bah M Tongper ADC, Village Leaders under the Union of Dorbar Shnongs Byrnihat Area today visited the place which the residents have used as a garbage dump. along the road and also at Byrnihat market.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Vincent Pala also announced that he will donate up to 5 lakh tyngka to the group for the construction of the village ground.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum has alleged that the vehicles of other parties contesting the election except the NPP On the reservation policy, the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma said that he wants to take advantage of the roster system to benefit only in the elections.
Earlier, on 22nd March, robbers had thrown a bomb at the Bengali LP School in Dholakhal village on the border of Assam and Mizoram.
The Minister said the government has conducted public awareness campaigns especially for parents, enrollment of school leavers.
In the second innings, Negi scored 2/36, Singhania 1/42 and Yadav 1/4
Such a child should be sent away without understanding.
That is why we have come to join hands to show our solidarity and rejection in the society whether it is the Khasi or the Dkhar or any other religion or ethnic group in India. our.
The AITC MLA said, “The proposals that try to mislead and mislead are only an attempt to silence the leaders who speak out for the sake of the people.
Shillong, July 23: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement today said that the 45th anniversary of the independence of Meghalaya has been celebrated. There is no political freedom and the State does not have a fixed border.
Speaking before the opening ceremony, PT Sawkmie said that the dam has been successful with the blessings of God. Speaking at the meeting, PT Sawkmie said that in November he will launch the Power Tiller. for the farmers to hand over to the farmers' association in Mawlai to manage it.
• The word of faith is compassion, not corruption and selfishness.
The night curfew will continue from 9 pm to 5 pm.
It has three MLA constituencies including Umroi, Umsning, Nongpoh, Mawhati and Jirang.
In this case, the shopkeepers of foreign states have been arrested and the shopkeepers have been arrested.
Damepaia Shylla scored two goals for Lumkhangdong in the 5th and 37th minutes while Fourki Chyrmang assisted 28 goals.
The Seng said that the management of Dalmia Cement Ltd has destroyed the Thangskai Village and the Jaidbynriew, where the owners of the Company who are also foreigners have counted dew thala and done as they please. to pollute the environment, because as soon as their work is finished they will leave and leave only destruction and danger to the villagers especially to the future generations, said the statement.
They were identified as Sheba Kharbani, 40, who works as a cleaner, Rupert Donbor Dohtdong, 43, and Blackstar Kharkrang,
“When we wanted to join the PDF, we saw the lyngkha but when we joined, it was lyngkra,” said Bah LS Lyngdoh.
At the meeting, the HSPDP has sent a letter to the Governor and has also stood on the basis of Article 164 Clause I. The State is against the Article of the Act to reduce the number of Ministers to 12, as the Parliamentary Secretaries also fall under the category of Ministers.
However, the veterinary hospital will not be fully equipped in Upper Shillong.
Others may believe that the VPP MLAs' resignation is a disrespect to the Governor of the state and also to the Hindi language he uses.
In the final between Ïaipyrshang SC and Kingfisher FC, both teams fought hard to win the title.
Among these three synods, the KJP Synod Mihngi has been canceled because the public service had to be held in the church after the rynsan they had already built collapsed on Saturday due to the storm. damage caused by wind and rain.
Remember that India is made up of different nations and states who have agreed to come together and rule according to the provisions of the Constitution.
However, the death of Jesus on the cross brought great glory to those who killed Him. There are two reasons why the death of Jesus on the cross was a great glory. glory bakhraw (1) It reveals the glory and majesty of God in His seven words on the cross.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the members of the party who were involved in the erection of this flag on the Jaïaw Jingthang Briew Briew.
Speaking at the General Council of the UDP Mawthadraishan held at Kynshi on Saturday, the President of the UDP said, “Don't be strong just because you feel that the wind is blowing against your candidate. work hard until the day of polling,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said that the curfew called by the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) is a violation of the rights of the residents. that the media should no longer publish articles of the HNLC and other parties that affect the lives and deaths of the people.
These CICs should be clean, have bathrooms, toilets and have their own karma laka for men and women. In these CICs, ASHAs and support groups should be available to monitor their welfare. Health workers will be trained to assist COVID-19 patients who need treatment.
According to J.M.
Pala said that if Prestone gets the chance, he will work well as the Chief Minister of the state and he will be a good Chief Minister.
In 1874, when Shillong was the headquarters of the Bivar House of Assam, the Bivar House was converted into the Chief Commissioner's Residence.
As part of this scheme, some will be selected to receive specialized training tailored to the business they are setting up according to their job requirements.
Therefore the Jews were persecuted in every way.
Disparsing Rani said that he has sought RTI on the charges of the Civil Hospital from the payment of patients for various tests conducted at the Government Hospital. Blood, CT scan, Scanning, MRI and X-rays.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Monday said that the recent assault on a government officer by the Border Security Force (BSF) shows the urgent need for change in the country. transparency in the operations of this army to ensure that such abuses of power do not happen again.
“Now I am living on heroin and I have told Natasha that I don't need anything and I don't want to improve my life anymore,” said Malkit Singh.
The disease became stronger and sweeter than Heracles' body and he couldn't stand it anymore.
According to police, the three deceased had eaten a tit which they had harvested from the forest near their residence in Umsawli.
The rally at Vaphai village, which started at 7 pm and ended at 10 pm, was attended by many people.
The first body was found on the 16th of this month, the second on the 24th of this month but no one has come to work.
The union leader said that the hospital at Sangriang is farther away from the PWD road and the road leading to the ground floor of the hospital is only about 400 meters long but it is bad and bad. vehicles carrying medicines and carrying sick women are very difficult to pass.
“Corruption has destroyed many countries in the world and for that reason we don't want Meghalaya to be destroyed by corruption because if this doesn't stop it can reach there too,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Laban Benga Boy's Higher Secondary School (LBHS) on Saturday celebrated its 93rd Anniversary.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister, Bah Chyne said that the state government's negligence has caused 1500 students from Class XI to Degree to sit in crowded classrooms. small room of this college.
Manichandra Singha lodged a complaint with the police that on 13th June, a truck (JK-02BL-9525) carrying 500 byrni of dewbilat left the Goldstone Cement Limited factory to go to the Goldstone Cement Limited factory. Khawzawl, Champhai, Mizoram.
Police said that on the 26th at 9:10 pm, about 5 or 6 persons set fire to a Compressor Truck (AS-01EC-3330) parked nearby. Oh Umm.
Up to 32 teams participated in the tournament and Umkei SC won the cash prize of T.30,000 and Mawrong SC won the second prize. Samla Ajit Makri President HANM Ri-Bhoi District was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Shynsharlang Nongkseh Nongkseh President Nongkseh Nongkseh District. CE Society Secretary, Bah Dianghun Par Rangbah Mawlyngkhung with members of HANM Mawlyngkhung.
He said Meghalaya has 22,17,100 voters of which 10,94,947 are male and 11,22,150 are female and three are third gender.
At a recent meeting in the presence of TMC candidate for Tura Parliamentary Constituency, Zenith M Sangma, about 1500 BJP leaders and workers attended the meeting. the Trinamool Congress (TMC).
NeVA is designed for Members of Parliament to store all the information including contact information, rules of procedure, various activities, notices. , news, payments or bills, more important and less important questions and answers, committee reports among others only on phones or tablets and can also be distributed to various departments diverse.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has proposed the names of Vincent Pala and Deborah Marak as candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura constituencies.
The Pung Umïam is a road built before the Wah Umïam was built.
Speaking to Momin, Jr.
In fact, the ATS team received intelligence about the planning of these ISIS terrorist group members for carrying out suicide bombing attacks in many parts of the country.
Short speeches were delivered by Bah T.Lyngwa, government officials and those who attended the event.
Dr Divya Sharma, India Executive Director at the Climate Group, said: “We welcome Meghalaya to the Under2 Coalition.
Many of the leaders from Kashmir including former Prime Ministers have been arrested.
Shillong: The Union of Dorbar Shnongs (U Dorbar Shnongs) today met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to seek clarification on the issuance of new SOPs for the admission of Covid-19 patients. They should be quarantined at home.
Prof. Martin N. Majaw was also a pioneer and worked hard to pass the Land Transfer Act which prohibits the sale of land or houses from Tribals to Non-Tribals and so on.
The presence of locals will also strengthen the number of guards.
Their rights have not been accepted by the Khasi-Pnars because many of them are not qualified.
Adelbert said that the protest of the party does not mean to fight against the Garo, but to fight against the policies of the present government.
"Furthermore, if the Supreme Court says: “It might happen that in far-flung and remote areas the population inhabiting those areas might, on account of their being out of the mainstream of national life and in view of conditions peculiar to and characteristically to them, need to be treated in a different way, some relaxation in this strict rule may become imperative.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Metbah expressed his satisfaction to see such programs where the people themselves understand how valuable it is to preserve the environment especially for the children who are in the heritage. after.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 23: The Chairman of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute in West Khasi Hills, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, has announced that he will soon convene the village and hima headmen to discuss the issue before leaving for West Khasi Hills. The inspection of the villages and areas in the Langpih sector, in order to start the boundary settlement, has started to encourage the people.
We come from a poor family and we live on the help of our neighbors but we don't think that whatever is wrong will be done because we don't have it.
“The CEM has promised to meet with the groups of Mawlai Nongkwar to discuss this issue with the Deputy CEM, Wanseng said. The Syiem's ​​meeting will be held on the first day and after that the Dorbar Shnong will be convened to speak”.
Dr. Vikramjit said that the Assam Don Bosco University has taken the lead in developing a new responsibility to address this issue.
He said that before the collapse of the Post Ilektrik, the village had already lodged a complaint with the MeECL authorities, but it is sad that no action has been taken. He added that if any tragic incident happens today, who will be responsible?
If it is the side led by others, they will still be able to bring any benefits to their region and their fellow citizens.
Just say wars and we understand how they work, as well as others.
Now the Government has to take responsibility.
The struggle against each other until we don't know who is right and who is wrong.
The number of visitors increases and decreases according to the months and seasons but, according to the secretary, it is not less than 10,000 per month, and some reach 20,0 come, you're from India.
The residents of the city are not happy with the increase in the price of ryn sun.
Besides, the Umsning MLA said that he is ready to assist those youths who have returned from abroad, that is to help in getting land if they find it difficult to get land and also if they have difficulty obtaining supplies.
On the opening day, a football match was played between the Meghalaya State Team and a team sent by the North East United Football Club.
They were trapped in a crematorium in Silkyara and Uttarkashi.
After this programme, the office led these 40 farmers to the rice fields at Syntu Ksiar (poh khyllem) by dividing them into four ( 4) A group to search for these various insects and after that there was a picture of what they found so that they could explain their findings.
Therefore, we must never allow this mynder thinking to take root in the minds of every member of the nation.
This came after they beat Niaw Wasa 3-1 in the quarterfinals at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
In the future, poverty will affect many households.
I'm not Boney Kharmalky.
He said that in fact, the smoke can be reduced if proper policies and regulations are followed. This is the fault of the government, because it has taken money from those who have applied for licenses. bar, the inhabitants of the city are named, they don't know what is good.
This happened not just now.
Shamuganathan was a former RSS worker and joined the BJP in 2003 and in 2015 was appointed Governor of Meghalaya.
According to the order of the DM under Section 144 CrPC, it is prohibited to carry firearms throughout the district.
It is learned that the Karbi from Moothade in recent days, have attacked Moojem Khasi village and have destroyed the crops of the villagers of Moojem and tried to rob their land. Khasi Pnar in this village.
The house of Nud Syiemiong, Pynthorbah, Block II, has been closed since 12th July 2020 and has been evacuated since yesterday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sold $1.15 billion worth of gold this year from November to July 2019 and then bought $5.1 billion worth of gold.
There are 4 total Charged and Voted Grants, 06 Charged Appropriations and 56 Voted Grants.
“If the peace talks are not successful, the struggle of the party will continue even if it takes another 35 years.
On receiving information about the incident, the Khanapara Police Station together with the Assam Police came to investigate and find out the cause of the fire. .
He said the meeting with the district authorities was due to the conflict between the drivers and passengers after the Government announced to charge the same price for commercial vehicles.
Aicifull K.Musulman is a resident of Mawrusyiar village and works as one of the caregivers of children but she is also willing to serve the people.
You say I spent many years seeking God, did you seek God with all your heart and earnestly? Have you sought with pride? Did you plead with him as you would plead with anyone else? Have you thought about who created and inspires you? Have you ever asked yourself who healed your illness when you were a child? Do you remember that we prayed with you and God healed you? These words fell into the heart of the scientist, and he began to understand that God exists.
“To bah,” said Kynsai and went straight home.
The time has come for the government to pay special attention to this issue, to think seriously about unemployment, especially for the youth.
To attract more people from all over the country, football, running and Iatan tyllai were held on this day.
The exact year or years of their first migration is not known, but this group of Sikhs have been serving the City since the time of the British Government.
We can mention that the kur count goes from the woman while the kha count goes from the man.
The smoke from the coke factories in Sutnga district has caused shadem disease and many other diseases.
The tribulation of Israel has not been over since 1875, counting the generations.
Out of these 1,976 cases, 1,369 cases including 236 Armed Forces and 1133 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 6 cases in South West Khasi Hills. There are 129 cases in Ri Bhoi district including 41 cases from Armed Forces and 88 cases from civilians. , 15 cases in South West Garo Hills, 18 cases in South Garo Hills, 5 cases in East Garo Hills and 3 cases in North Garo Hills.
Switzerland is preparing a law to imprison those who heat their homes above 19°C and the prison term will rise to three years. The reason, is because there will be a shortage of gas, these days, because of the war in Ukraine.
He also strongly criticized the state government and district council for their silence on the border crossing issues of Assam, saying that if the state government intends to deliver development works to the border villages, most of the time Assam itself does not allow at all and has always destroyed it.
Earlier on 3rd March, the Meghalaya High Court, headed by Justice SR Sen, had concluded the hearing of the complaint on the corruption in the recruitment of LP School teachers in the state on the grounds that The case is still in the hands of the Supreme Court.
A time to weep, a time to laugh, a time to mourn, a time to dance, a time to break the stones, a time to gather the stones; a time to weep, a time to sow, a time to weep, a time to speak; a time to love, a time to hate, a time to fight, a time to make peace.
“We are happy that they have come to apply for ticket from the VPP party, but we as the party have to think carefully whether they come to win and we don't want,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Federation of Meghalaya Adhoc Secondary Teachers' Association (FAMASTA) on Tuesday said that it will continue to monitor the State Government regarding the demand to increase the deficit pattern for Adhoc Schools in Meghalaya. .
Through this tournament, Meghalaya will have the opportunity to play abroad and hope to qualify for the Indian team.
The KSU also expressed its surprise to learn that this foreigner has entered the country through Check Point Byrnihat after coming from Guwahati without following the rules to prevent the spread of the disease.
But to jam in what is right is not the duty of time.
Three households suffered more damage, while three households suffered less damage.
Shillong: Out of the 172 cases of COVID-19 in the state, Dr Aman War, DHS(MI), today said; In East Khasi Hills, there are 106 cases, 93 cases are high risk contacts, 9 cases are from the Armed Forces, 2 cases are health workers, one case is from abroad and one case is ILI. houses.
Sadly, no one is surprised to see these events around us.
By KS Suchiang.
They also lived in Kyndangïawbah for about forty years.
He said that the problem of the Hima is because the state government does not listen to the problems of the Hima and the people from time to time.
“Through this, it has also been shown that urban land management plays a large role in achieving sustainable development.
Patnaik has been in the party in Odisha since 2000 and his BJD has been one of the tribal parties that has struggled to stand firm on the issue of the rift between the ruling BJP. the administration and the opposition.
The committee said that the management of the department is weak and the government has spent crores of rupees with the intention of providing services to the people but the department has not been responsible.
In addition, the Smart Cities Mission will release four reports, including the ISAC 2022 award compendium. SCM and ISAC 2023 award pamphlet at this conclave.
The President also announced that the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union will not go to work until the State Government has issued any assurance to the ASHA workers. although it is only a class 10 school, it is one of the schools that provides free education to students who come from economically disadvantaged backgrounds.
According to them, the survey will be conducted only in those areas mentioned above from 1269 to 1272, while the others will be arranged later.
According to the drivers, the Assam police do not allow them to go to Shillong, but if the drivers refuse, it is up to them and there will be no responsibility by the police if it happens. any events.
The Courtyard By Marriott Shillong, has celebrated the Annual Tree Lighting Ceremony for the first time in a spectacular manner.
Also present on the occasion were the Apostolic Nuncio to India and Nepal, Archbishop Leopoldo Gerelli, Archbishops and Bishops of the North Eastern Dioceses, Priests, Religious and the people of God.
As the Chief Guest, Bah HDR Lyngdoh also urged the students to strive to achieve a goal in life, which through them will bring glory to the family, the community, the school and the district and the state as a whole.
In the name of this mining practice, thousands of tons of ore have been mined and transported without prior licensing or following any regulations.
After that, the arrival of 'Khnong Blai' was followed by the arrival of the children of Niamtre.
The drivers demanded that the government should issue the 3 State Tourist Permit, not the All India Permit which is expensive and to increase the price of fuel.
From what appears in the state, we see that the disease has been completely eradicated through the responsibility of the people, through the Dorbar Shnongs; However, the willingness of the army, government employees, has created a serious threat from now on and so far, it has been seen, that there are dozens of BSF personnel, who have contracted the disease. However, these village authorities will not be able to raise and care for them and if this is the case, there is a risk that the disease will spread throughout the State.
Therefore, the HYC Nongwah demands that the MePDCL department should take immediate action and replace the damaged electricity posts in the village.
At the end of the first half, Khrawkupar Tamu of Malki tried to throw the ball out of the box but it went straight to Ryngkhlem. Rihoklang Khongjoh turned the ball hard from the field against goalkeeper Rihoklang Khongjoh who probably managed to catch the ball but because of its speed it went straight into the net.
After that, I watched TV.
Referring to the statement by Bah PN Syiem, that training should be given to the chief executives, the CEM said that the EC will look into the matter.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, has urged one of the advisors to the Chief Minister (without mentioning his name) to give his opinion to the Chief Minister. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will not be able to operate in the State.
He said that the same parties that insult the Congress are now working with the party which wants to abolish all these protections.
M Choudhury T.1173, LD Choudhury T.1173, RJ Battarcharjee T.1173, Papiya Dey T.4985, NHHDC T.2904, Tourism information center T.1045, NHHDC T.2272, Kasang Chodon T.2773 .1905, Ashok Sharma & Vikash Sharma T.24141, Subir Sarkar T.699, Moushumi Chanda T.1014, Sunil Jain T.1215, Rajesh Sharma T.262, Pankaj KR Das T.1832, Malti Singh T.497, Sameer Paul T.794, Ranjeev Mehra T.2477, Kajol Paul T.1747, Shiv Kumar T.1270, J Chanda T.2382, Satich CH Das T.1527, Geeta Damai T.2126 and Adists Event T.18321.
“However, to say that the MDA 2.0 Government has completely changed what has been done is wrong and no future governments will escape from this,” she added.
According to the BOT Policy, the toll gate can only collect fees for vehicles passing through the bypass road, but it is surprising that vehicles passing only from Khliehriat to Jowai and from Jowai to Khliehriat have to pay at the gate. , said the HYNF.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, Bah Eddie V War, said that since 2019, the R&R Colony has been conducting its activities according to the rules and regulations.
The CEM said that recently, the central government has released T.32,24,70,00 which is the grant of part IX and IXA of the Constitution for the year 2017-1
There is a vision to ensure that the states of the region are in line with the rest of the country and to ensure that the economy grows in the region, whether it is in terms of resources, development programmes. to the youth, agriculture or society such as tourism, there has been a strong support from the Government of India,” he said.
He said that such places to train young players in football in the area are very important because to teach any kind of sports is necessary since they are young. small so that they can use their talents properly and also so that they can reach the goal of success.
The total number of vehicles seized was 277 and the amount collected was T.236500/-.
Why has the government so frightened the people and declared a lockdown to curb the spread of this disease?
South Africa, USA G20 (04) invited countries that support the GBA: Bangladesh, Singapore, Mauritius, UAE Non-G20 (08) countries that support the GBA: Iceland, Kenya, Guyana , 4
Kick Start need to win to move up to third place in Group A to beat Lawei Smit SC but they are still behind.
Shillong: U Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, yesterday, had to ride a sumo to Umniuh Tmar. There has been an earthquake in Mawkyrnot village, about 4 kilometers from Pynursla.
Those who attended the distribution included Raja Brahma, BDO Umsning C&RD Block, Bah BB Makdoh, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of 14 Villages, Bah Lang Syiem, Rangbah Shnong of Banbudai and others.
In the past two years, schools have been in turmoil until the school authorities, parents and students have been forced to leave school due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the lockdown. (lockdown).
It is to be recalled that the DC has implemented the implementation of odd and even commercial taxis from 5th July 2023 to reduce traffic jam in these two market areas which is also in accordance with the order of the court. Meghalaya High Court.
Nehemiah 2:4.
When asked whether he will contest again from the Congress in the MP election in 2024, he said that if he loses or wins, he will contest from the party which has won him in the past years.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, on Tuesday said that the East Khasi Hills Police Department has requested more security personnel for the MDc elections Police Quarter for MDC Election 2014' after the meeting of Election Sectoral Officers held by Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal this evening.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Wapung Shnong, Kduplang Ryngkhlem, said, “We are deeply saddened and sorry that we have found these garbage dumped from Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District. The Doarbar Shnong of Jowai Municipal strongly opposes this action which threatens the health of our people, affects the environment, the drinking water supply in this area and this He urged the Municipal Board Jowai to give them time within 10 or 10 days to come and remove all the garbage. He also threatened that if the Jowai Municipal Board does not come to remove or take away these garbage, the village will hold a public rally and they will go and remove the garbage. “Because this shows that you don't care about this village and as a village we don't allow anyone to throw garbage like this, “Our land is not a place of bread and we are against this,” he added.
The Congress Manifesto in the 2011 Assam elections said that it would help the oppressed people especially those Indians before independence which means Hindus from Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Let's work in the fields, in the fields, in the fields... like we do.
We are talking about God's love in sending his only begotten Son.
NABARD has launched a Public Awareness Campaign on 02 October 2020 on the occasion of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi across the state.
Shillong: Ka Seng Khasi Langkyrdem, on Wednesday, 19th July 2020, celebrated its Golden Jubilee, which was held at the ground of of Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Lyngkyrdem.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal today appointed four Chairmen to conduct the Legislative Assembly when he is unable to conduct it himself.
During the raid, the union found that there were about 40 foreign workers who claimed to be from Assam without proper documents. The FCI and the KSU said that these contractors do not have work permits and other documents.
I think you will be surprised what Bah Benister Kharpor really means when he says this.
She said that all the schemes that should be delivered to the people should be smooth and orderly, even in the past years the schemes of the residents of the state have tried to deliver to everyone from the rice. ration, food items, assistance to farmers among others, said Irani.
From Ri Jaintia, let us come together with the voice of the people, to fight for our people.
In November last year, he took two wickets and scored 48 runs against Maharashtra.
The video shows that a truck has fallen into the road and has hit another vehicle, perhaps at the same time.
It can be said that the Jah Khei flower was named after 'jah' and came back with 'khei' after 12 years.
B.S.Sohliya, IAS and others were invited.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 15: Several residents of the area who have accounts with the bank, while talking to reporters, said that the inability of the bank to provide cash. The people of Shallang area have been evacuated, which has suffered from the loss of their pets and others.
When asked what steps they will take if the dispute recurs in the second phase of the demarcation, he said they will have to consult with the land owners, villagers and himas. what action will they take because they are the owners of the land.
“Even in my constituency, I don't see missionaries,” said Dr Don.
Speaking at the meeting, Banalari said she had contested two MLA elections in 2008 and 2013 against Prestone but in 2022 she left the UDP to turn to the UDP. you don't personally.
He said that in fact those youths who went to take part in this meeting were given permission by their parents and also that the Parish Priest of their parishes has also confirmed this and that the youths those who go also want to go willingly.
The party also condemns those who try to protect and appease such foreigners who try to defile our race and who trade without fear of the laws and regulations of the council.
The complainant also said that in countries such as the United Kingdom, if a person who has not been injected is infected, there is a compensation to the injected person.
KSU Aradonga President Nikseng Marak said the KSU supports the political parties who oppose the government's plan to set up an ANVC-B camp in the area.
If the government itself can reduce the number of market vendors, it will bring about cleanliness and this will attract even the tourists.
He said that we need to hold regular discussions on this issue with other neighboring countries.
The RO said they received the complaint on the evening of the 9th of this month and on the 8th of June during the election campaign rally held by the NPP in Jaiaw, East Khasi Hills. the VPP supporters started disrupting the meeting.
Nongpoh, November 08: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has encouraged the citizens of India to know their right to elect their leaders. The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District through the Election Department has selected two sports personalities as the 'Ri Bhoi Idol' examples to encourage and motivate the people of Ri Bhoi to have their own right to elect their leaders.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Transport, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar on 20th June, said that 68 acres of land is still needed to operate the Baljek Airport.
According to the order issued by the District Magistrate, he has ordered all the owners of coal mines, owners of coal mines to take care that the wastewater from their coal mines or from the mines. The coal should not reach the Myntdu River.
Giggs and his wife, Kate Greville, were determined to get Mac.
After the meeting with Prestone, HYC President Roykupar Synrem said that as of now, the work in the Shillong Municipal Board, which has been done by metor drivers, has been handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board. para ma ki, while there are many young people who are willing to work in the fields of khar metor.
He also said that India will try and fight hard to eradicate all terrorist attacks in the country by 2047. All violence and all terrorist attacks must be eradicated. all races in India.
However, there was no slip showing that the money had been withdrawn and the money was sent to the court and the appellate committee for examination.
The problem is not only that, but there are many refugees around the world because they have no place to live.
The next day, the kit khoh began.
He stressed on the need to have ngap at home as ngap is a great medicine that can help many diseases.
“May that Expert Committee be able to improve the wishes and desires of many of us so that there will be no confusion in the future. our nation".
He said that regarding the MNREGA scheme, many villages have vowed to stop working due to lack of funds which has caused a lot of trouble to the people and many development works have had to stop due to lack of funds. This is a scheme which has brought about many changes and development works in the villages but the villages are facing problems at this time because there are villages which do not receive even MLA and MDC schemes from the leaders. The Dorbar wants clarification from the government on the suspension of ration which many people from poor families have received in previous years, but now the people have not received it for many years. promised to take care of these matters.
A foreigner who claimed to be the brother of his brother who was shot dead on Saturday morning said that this happened on Thursday night when a vehicle was involved. On Saturday morning, the Khasi, who had many people who had tried to make peace, shot dead his brother. He was injured and admitted to the Civil Hospital.
“The construction of this rynsan was started after the local entrepreneurs such as manufacturers, manufacturers and producers of food items faced difficulties in selling their products due to the lack of market and income affected due to “It's a good idea to have a lockdown to fight against COVID-19,” said Bah Russel Nongrum, owner of Omechan.
“We took the road from Mawmluh to Mawshamok when Don won, it wasn't painted, but now it has been painted and we took the road from Mawsmai to Shella and it is a single lane. but at the time of Dr Donkupar Roy, it was not published.
Just as an example among the many tourist attractions that can be mentioned here are.
Thus, on 22nd July 1946, the Federation of Khasi States was established, so that all the Khasi Hills would be under one Federal Government.
It is learned that this information was given by Drishti to the police during questioning.
We would like to thank the Seng Khihlang Seng Kmie for being with us from the beginning to the end until we were able to complete this tournament with great success. We would also like to thank the youth of the Sengkhihlang.
BJP leaders in the state through President Ernest Mawrie have sent a letter to NPP Leader Conrad K Sangma stating that AL Hek's term of office will end on 7th July Sanbor Shullai will be appointed as Minister of MDA
Now the question is whether the PDF will be able to win up to four MLAs again as it did in 2018? Will the HSPDP still be able to create the world in 2023? Similarly, the new VPP will be able to win the candidates who are just facing for the first time except Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit who has been MLA for two terms from Nongkrem. Constituency?The Congress party in the state is also in danger, will it be able to rise in 2023 after the defection of 17 Sitting MLAs who have been scattered like sheep without a shepherd? Vincent H. Pala has been elected as the Chief Leader of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee.
Khliehriat, Lber 29 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS today launched the CORBEVAX vaccine for children aged 12 to 14 years in East Jaintia Hills District. to protect against covid-1
The unpaid bills will not be discussed for years until all the contractors have been dismissed.
“Those who had hoped to reach the goal had gathered numbers.
The Shad Sukra was enriched by the 'Surok Mih Ïaw' dance by all the children of the Seiñraij Jowai. Ïawmusiang.
Barrister Shangpliang has been elected as the President of MAYC in the elections held by the Indian Youth Congress. Vice-President Rangkines Marwein, General Secretary Marbaniang, Adviser-Bah Wanarki Laloo and Bah Deystar Roy Kharshandi.
However, it is sad that if these special gifts of God, if the citizens do not know how to take good care of them or maintain them in a proper and beautiful manner, it will reach the time when the mountains, rivers, streams and even the air will one day become polluted and it will be a curse to us in the future generation.
Shillong: U Congress MP from Shillong, Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that among the other candidates from Tura, Dr Mukul Sangma is the best candidate to win if he contests.
Speaking on the occasion , the Principal of the school , Bah L Lapang , said that the school has never forgotten to honor and honor the name of Sodren Lyngwa , who was the founder of the school in this region.
The reason is that God has made it in the days to come – as His Weapon of War.
On the same day at 5 pm, another meeting was held in the presence of the MLA of the area, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Chief Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, Additional Home Secretary, IG Law & Order. IG Border and IG BSF Meghalaya to discuss the incident.
In the latest ICC rankings of Test bowlers, one of the spin bowlers of the Indian cricket team has been promoted to second place, after taking eight wickets in the first Test against Australia in Nagpur.
To develop a more stringent tax system for public transport vehicles (such as buses, taxis, etc.).
If there is too much need, they should be upgraded for the needs of the majority of the residents according to the area.
Uranium is believed to be abundant and valuable.
Quereshi said the court today allowed other candidates who have faced unfair treatment for the post of teacher to appeal to the court before the hearing.
Therefore, the meeting could not take a decision at this meeting and the Dolloi has not taken any decision and will take other measures to bring about an understanding between these four kurs within the meeting. Buam Raid.
Shillong: After receiving a complaint from the players regarding the pollution and disorder at one of the venues of the Meghalaya Games 2022 at Laban Sports Club, the KSU Laban Circle under the leadership of Samla Jason Laloo, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU Laban Circle, visited the site.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskein Cricle has warned against anyone who intends to create trouble or disrupt the peace and order of the Khasi Pnar people in the areas on the Assam-Meghalaya border in Block-I. The decision was taken on Saturday after the news spread that a Karbi has threatened another Pnar community.
Tiewlinda Songthiang from Jongksha-B received the title of Best ASHA of Mawkynrew C&RD Block for the year 2014-2 Sitamary Nongrum for the year 2015-2016 where the awards were distributed by the Chief Guest who planted trees after the meeting.
"I'm still laughing, I've been killed or killed," said the father. Lumlang almost laughed because she felt comical at the father's words.
Speakers included the Chairperson of SCPCR, M Kharkongor, Commissioner Secretary, Education, Dp Wahlang, State Project Director of SAMAM-SSA, FR Kharkongor.
This is nothing but a political ploy for their own benefit in
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 45 cases, 9 cases in Bakur Cluster, 6 cases in Kpermynsnieh Cluster, 3 cases in Police and 4 cases in Shangpung Moosyiem Cluster.
Mr.Maialang I Pale (cream farmer) BSc Fisheries – first class,
U Bah NK Nongbri said that Mawlum-Nginiong was established in 1998 by Nginiong which is the mother village and it has been running for about 20 years. The census has been conducted since 2001, but in 2011 the census has been conducted without knowing how it was conducted.
Bah Pyndapbor said that we should not lose hope, even if there are only a few, but now it is time to choose which path to move forward.
Recently, the National Human Rights Commission, which has received reports, has sought clarification from the State Government on the deaths of pregnant women and newborns in the State.
Shillong, November 10: The SKNER West Jaintia Hills District has requested all the political parties not to hold a protest on the 18th of this month. by Fete.
He alleged that the BJP's plot to dissolve the party is their constant plan and in this state too they have started this work long ago.
In the Men's Singles 35+, Da-u-ru Laloo won the title by defeating Peterson L Lamare 21-18, 21-1
Besides, Conrad said that the delegation he led from the State, has also conveyed to the Prime Minister the desire of the people of the State to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule of the Constitution. the Constitution of the Republic.
“Looking at the successful implementation of this scheme in the state, the government is now ready to start the fourth phase before the start of the 2022-23 fiscal year. and we have set a target to build 1250 km of roads under the PMGSY scheme in the state”.
That means that if we climb higher than fifty meters we will die instantly, because we will not be able to breathe or breathe – soul.
The 24th National Sqay Championship was held at Kurushestra, Haryana from 23rd July to 26th July 2023. The martial artists from the state under the leadership of the All Meghalaya Sqay Association (AMSA) Espiranza Stela Songthiang won two bronze medals in the 50 Kg category and Salmi Phawa in the 48 Kg category.
Mawkhar, Shillong.
For Phramer, Iaineh Suchiang took four wickets in seven overs and Ebormi Laloo took four wickets in 5.1 overs.
In the absence of a clean employment policy, the youth have lost confidence in the recruitment process because they often doubt that they have already got a job even before the examination, he said.
Therefore, this initiative of the Election Department encourages and encourages people with disabilities to take part in the election of the legislators of the country.
It is said that every day, he will be beaten, he will be beaten on the hands, head, neck and as long as they get these tyngab.
“I am very pleased to see that our farmers and the Department of Horticulture have come to join hands in such a program which will help to raise awareness of the needs of the Department of Agriculture and recognize the need for knowledge. the knowledge of the farmers who are important members of the society of our beloved state,” said Kong Lyngdoh.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader and MLA from Songsak constituency, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday responded to the demands of several groups who said they want a prime minister. “This is not a question about the ethnic group that the Prime Minister should come, but it is a question for the people from the three ethnic groups to come and join hands for the sake of the country. good for the welfare of all in the state”.
Referring to the matches on the opening day of the tournament, Shillong Labet played against SYM in a beautiful and exciting match between Shillong Labet and SYM. Shillong Labet won the title by beating SYM by 43 runs to 14 baskets.
The ADM, Executive Magistrate H Shylla and police rushed to the market.
In the 1st Division, Nongstoin FT beat Siejlieh SC 1-0
Momin was speaking at a rally held at St. John Higher Secondary School Nongkroh Rambrai, where his supporters flocked to hear the decision and announcement of the He will contest the MLA election in
