“We have already submitted our documents when we met with the MP (Vincent H Pala).
If the government releases the funds immediately as soon as the work is completed, then if the VEC managers have submitted the documents, as stipulated in the rules for the implementation of the scheme, the The villages and towns have been destroyed to this day.
Andy has also fought to revive his sporting career after undergoing surgery in
In the great mass struggle and protest that he led, he exposed the weakness of the authorities, religious authorities, customs and traditions and society.
Shillong: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, a volunteer, today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to express his concern about the problems of teachers who have not received their salaries after the closure of schools. for the corona virus.
In the 2023 elections, there are constituencies that do not show such results; it was like throwing a pearl before a swine.
The number of recoveries has risen to 250 from 392 yesterday and the death toll has risen to six today from seven yesterday.
He said that during the raid, a child escaped and the police are conducting a search operation to find her.
In this election, Synshar defeated the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Samlin Malngiang, who is also a former government minister, by more than 3,000 votes.
There is nothing wrong with that, except for shisnam.
After the match, both the teams fought hard to win the title and Boca Junior had many chances but these chances were missed. Boca Junior's failure to score and the failure to score again led Laban to score two more goals and win.
We have decided to sit in the opposition,” said Bah Ardent.
The Mawkyrwat District Sports Association has selected 8 teams for the Super Division and 12 teams for the First Division.
Fear overwhelms the mind, confuses the mind, destroys, destroys and kills.
But think carefully, you are only the villagers, you are not the owners.
During his inspection, the Japanese Government 'leader' expressed his great satisfaction to see that the operation of the Oxygen Plant has gone smoothly.
The rapid spread of his writings was seen after some Dkhars living outside the state like Vic Day, Samrat Dhar, Pinku Rajiv Dey, Bijay Das, Sumantra Sarathi, Subrajit Ghosh, Rohit Kataria and others. He came forward to speak in a video and spread it on social media to insult the Khasi, Garo and all the people of the North East, without knowing what happened.
Doctors and staff of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of the district came to take blood samples and conducted a post mortem to confirm the cause of death of the pigs.
In a statement sent by the Chairman of the JAC, Prof Lakhon Kma said, “If the technical officer/senior consultant is removed, the JAC is ready to discuss these issues. If there is a strong will on the part of the VC to resolve the issues.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of Nartiang Circle, Samla Hamarbathmu Maskut, said that they have decided to conduct this raid on foreigners who have come to work illegally in this area after we found that they Many foreigners have come to do many kinds of jobs and this has caused a great loss to the indigenous people.
Regarding these issues, the KSU has demanded that the state government should set up a body to resolve all these issues. the functioning of schools and colleges in the state.
The Congress has a vote bank from foreign states and that is why it is against the ILP”.
Condemning the victory of Bah Ardent of the VPP, Bah Paul said that it should not be too strong because it will give way to other ethnic groups especially when the court you're nearby.
“On the part of the Congress party, we will not act hastily, we will wait and see the situation of the government and we will do what is necessary when the time comes, but on the part of the Congress party, we will. work honestly for the welfare of the people.
In 1954, a social agreement was signed between the Syiem of Mylliem, Join Manik, and L Paul, who was the Vice Chairman of the Shillong Municipal at that time.
He said that these companies have calculated their own price according to the market price.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with Khublei Germany has inaugurated two poor houses for the poor in Mihmyntdu and Umshyngiar Khanduli villages.
““2.
Shri Pdianghun Dkhar, General Secretary of the Seiñ Kur, East Jaintia Hills, gave a speech.
The GSU has been protesting from time to time against the election of non-tribal MDCs in GHADC as in JHADC and KHADC. why don't you do it?
Police have arrested Aziz Lyngdoh from Laban and Subalin Kharbani from Mawlai.
The Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been in force in Delhi for four years and BJP National General Secretary Rituraj Sinha has said that it has to be discussed after the elections. In a statement, KHNAM said that the question arises whether in the past four years, has the ILP remained in the cupboards in Delhi? as one of the tourist destinations in India and the world has a Restricted Area Permit (which is like ILP) and also a Protected Area Permit. still developing.
Earlier, MDC Grace Kharpuri said that she had convened the meeting after meeting with the MLA of the area, Bah Prestone Tynsong who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The shooting death of Bah Ronding Nongkynrih last month in Mawshun.
It is said that this is a quarry, which has been closed for 60 years.
The announcement came through Barcelona on Tuesday, confirming that it had agreed to terminate the contract between the club and Alba.
Meanwhile, Shella MDC Teinwell Dkhar said that since he assumed office as Chairman, he has found that there are about 30 Bills of the District Council which have been pending before the Governor. He said that if he is re-elected he will fight to pass these Bills and the reason why these Bills cannot be passed is because of the overcrowding of MDCs in KHADC in other jobs.
Here we see that King Ahab obeyed Jezebel rather than God, Elijah.
The final match was attended by the Chief Minister, Sports and Youth Affairs, Shakliar Warjri, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla and Chief Secretary. DP Wahlang, DGP Dr LR Bishnoi, members of the Archery Association of Meghalaya and others.
He said that if he finds that there is such an illegal registration, he will punish those involved.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) has warned Gopal Dey, who does not claim to be the General Secretary of the Coordination and Welfare Committee of Shella-Bholaganj, not to accuse him. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati.
At Tihjyrsieh Square, a place has been prepared for the burial of Bah Hoping and the programs will be held in Nongstoin tomorrow.
“Consumers have also been directed to wear facemasks, in accordance with the directives issued by the Government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“However, when we see that they are still talking about themselves in these difficult times, it is very sad,” said Bah Marbud.
The ST Morcha was formed by the BJP to look after the welfare of the people of Meghalaya Pradesh.
Further information and application forms can be obtained from the Sports & Youth Affairs office and the deadline for submission of application forms is 31st November
In November 2014, Ronaldo became the top scorer in the UEFA European Championship (including qualifying) with 23 goals.
It is also necessary for the Government to look into the root cause of the price increase and take measures to prevent it from happening again in the future,” said Marak. to accept this and demand that the Government should take immediate action.
On this occasion, Tengsim Momin urged the police to take action against Sailus as this action of his could bring bad reputation to him and the party.
The meeting was held at New Nongstoin Square in the presence of Mining Lease holders including Bah Shainingstar Khardewsaw of WKHD, Bah Teilang Pde of SWKHD, Bah Palash Chakrabarty of Novomine India Pvt Ltd. , IAS Secretary Mining and Geology, District Officers, the public and others.
“We are a strong party and if our leaders forget the issues facing the state, they will only become political struggles, and the emergence of political struggles. “On the other hand, the Congress party has said that we don't have the right to vote,” said Ampareen.
In fact, when we say, “Seng” means that there should be four or five members in one party, but here in our country it is not so, it is four or five parties in one person.
Rather, it is a song for the forests.
The school has also appeared in the top 20 in the SSLC-2020, with 32 students receiving this award today.
He said that the government has spent Rs 600 crore on the implementation of the MGNREGA scheme in the past years but now it has reached Rs 1500 crore which is a threefold increase in the government budget. state.
She is a helper and she is a destroyer" to repeat the mother.
A team of athletes of the Meghalaya Athletic Association (MAA) under the leadership of Bah Benningstar Lyngkhoi as coach cum manager, left the city today to take part in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The 52nd National Cross Country Championships 2022 is scheduled to be held in Kohima, Nagaland on the 26th of this month.
The Dorbar Kur Mawrie, in a meeting chaired by Rangbah Ernest Mawrie, Working President, also honored these two persons who have contributed wholeheartedly to the Dorbar Kur Mawrie. the five years of my career.
It is learned that Dapoiwanmi Laloo dragged Niman Shdadap into his vehicle and pulled out a pistol and threatened to shoot him dead for threatening the MPUF. The truck was registered as AS02 B 3654 and AS02 AC
“As we have seen and witnessed from time to time, it is also a violation of the Inter-State Migrant Workers Act 2011 of Meghalaya,” said Westerbose Diengngan.
We remember Joshua speaking to the people at that time, saying whom will you choose to serve? Joshua made a choice saying ‘As for me and my household, we will serve the Lord.
The covid-19 pandemic has caused a lot of confusion among the people of the world and this confusion has spread to parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia, where it has been seen, in these days. , that the government authorities, the public and the village authorities, have been shocked by this disease.
Shillong: The BJP leader in Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the BJP has not yet considered the mid-term elections in Shella after the death of Dr Donkupar Roy.
Therefore, there are teachers who take tuition, who sell shops, who farm and so on.
Besides, the IMD has also issued warnings to people to be vigilant in 10 other districts.
At this meeting , Bah Sanbor urged the officers of the Traffic and Municipal Departments as well as the Dorbar Shnongs to work together to ensure the parking and movement of vehicles , parking lots and promotion of people in the villages various so that traffic is avoided.
The villagers, because they are stupid, believe in the lies of the small political parties, because if they win, they cannot create anything in the world of Delhi.
Shillong: The village of Tmar in Umniuh Tmar, East Khasi Hills District, today received solar street lights donated by the BSF. 123 Battalion.
We read the story of the disciples how the life they lived, and how the death they died, was not easy.
Sharita Nongbet (46) scored the third goal in the second half.
Besides these two demands, the party also raised the issue of the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is a football player, said that the MBL is a great opportunity to promote sports in the state and the country.
In a letter to the Chairman, the UDP said that it has learned through the media that the department has invited up to nine posts.
Regarding the speech of the CEM of KAAC, Thombor Shiwat, he strongly condemned the call for Mukroh as a foreign village and hoped that the border between the two states will be resolved. it will be successful without affecting the border communities.
The Seng reminds that these long-standing demands are for the purpose of developing a policy to regularize the old contract workers and day laborers immediately.
The garbage that the river carries reaches the river umïam.
But now with my own eyes, I see a brave man; Bah Ardent, our brave man, The son of a man in Khasiland.
Speaking to reporters, the truck drivers who have been parked at the site for three days, said that they have faced many problems, including getting food. , lack of drinking water and the most sad thing to know is that they have difficulty even in finding places to go outside, when they have to go outside without finding anything in the saniums. on the Umsning By-pass road.
This made Bah Bok trust him and gave him a higher salary.
He said that in the past, this person has been appointed as Chief Managing Director to those who are in the position of Principal Secretary, Additional Chief Secretary or Chief Secretary.
Through this day, the residents of the village, have received garbage dumps for the residents to put in their homes, small vehicles to carry garbage and cleaning equipment, but which has pleased This was after the opening ceremony of the garbage dump in the village, which was handed over to the residents by Bah Jason S.Mawlong. The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that there are three MLAs who have received the equipment from the SBM. Of these, three are ready to join and two are still in talks.
Bah Diengngan said the Seng has requested to take action against the contractor to build and strengthen the road so that it will be strong.
A report was also received from the General Secretary, Aida M Syiemlieh and especially the contribution of all during the lockdown and the presence of Quarantine Centers in the village.
"So Panah took her to a non-Khasi doctor because he was happier and more courageous at Karikhana.
A total of 14 teams participated in the tournament.
We all understand the value of money.
Shillong: Talks between the state government, the central government and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have broken down over the incident in Manipur.
Speaking to media, the union leaders strongly condemned the failure of the Jio Company to implement the tower properly and at the same time the union has decided to shut down the tower. tower, due to the failure of Jio Company.
The opposition led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has strongly opposed the election of Syiem in Malaisohmat, alleging that the EC has forcibly made the Syiem of Iawrod, and at the same time Pynshngain also expressed his disappointment that the new EC has removed the electors in a moment.
Boston Marak, MDC who defected from the NPP to the Congress, won the election with 17 MDCs while the NPP-led party won only 11 MDCs.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: The Executive Committee of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit, which held an emergency meeting this evening at its office in Nongstoiñ, has unanimously decided to suspend two members of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit. The EC has also decided to temporarily dissolve the Women's and Youth Wing of the Nongstoin Area Unit.
He said that within the BJP there is no forgiveness for any corruption.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the tourist attraction at Wah U Tim, Bah Titos said it is up to the Sirdarship how to promote tourism, as it is an employment opportunity for the youth. He said that not only this tourist attraction has been opened, but as the leaders, they want to develop the tourism industry in this village and announced through the Council that the project is still pending. The Khasi Heritage Village project in Mawphlang, which started in 2010, is currently in talks between the Council and the Hima Mawphlang to move forward with another site. Visit to Mawlai.
The federation also informed that the tournament will be attended by the strongest wrestlers from the state as well as from abroad, such as Haryana, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Kerala and others.
Mary GT Sangma has been transferred from the post of Commandant of 6th MLP Bn, Umran and appointed as Principal of Police Training School, Shillong.
Vice President Wanki Lyngdoh, General Secretary Fulmoon Nongtdu and others said that the party has helped this woman in terms of money. They also request other members of the organization or leaders to help this woman who is suffering because this woman can no longer work because all her children have been ill and The Seng also requests the Court to complete the case of this woman as soon as possible so that she can get assistance and get her rights.
Shillong, Iaiong 5: Ka Kong Josna Nongsiej, from Mawsikar village, near Langpih, about 45 kilometers from Nongstoin, has suffered a tragic incident in which her house has collapsed. ban to turn dpei.
The KJP Youth Assembly is the umbrella body of the KJP Synod Eastern Youth Assembly and the KJP Youth Assembly of the Western Synod.
In 2014, the country had 11 lakh km of optical fiber.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the vendors authorized by the DC and elected by the Dorbar Shnong can open on Monday, Tuesday and Saturday according to the schedule.
Shillong, Naitung 22 : The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Saturday demanded that the state government should fulfill its promise by building a mini secretariat in Jowai.
It is learned that a man named Samli Suchiang (40 years old) shot and bombed his mother Phol Suchiang. incident did not help.
This battle is to be fought now, not to be delayed, because the time is now or never.
On the 25th, Pynshngain directed the EC led by Teinwel Dkhar to prepare the answers to the questions raised by the opposition members.
She said that at first she used to play boxing, but as she took part in the games she always lost.
Edilbert Nongshun of Lummawbah scored the most goals, Stephan Kharmyndai of Sanmer FC the best goalkeeper, Mebanaibok Kharbudnah of Sanmer FC the best goalkeeper and the best goalkeeper award. Mylliem Sports Club, Sawmer Sports Club, which has qualified for the First Division and Sawmer Sports Club, which has qualified for the Super Division, were also awarded.
“In particular, the Seng urges all the Khasi people to stop employing foreigners and start employing Khasi as part of our fight against and protection against the infiltration of foreigners into the country. our beloved country," the statement said.
On the other hand, the church leader urged the faithful and the public to surprise people to protect the environment as the Bible also speaks to protect the environment.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Metbah said that the shooting death of Khasi-Pnars is a brutal act by the Assam Police which needs to be strongly condemned.
The state has also set up a unique climate change museum for the people in urban areas to talk about climate change.
He encouraged the people to apply for such schemes through various departments and at the same time he advised and taught the women not to listen without complaining to the relevant authorities if they be treated physically or mentally.
In Garo Hills, heavy rains have also reportedly damaged roads and houses.
These MDCs were welcomed to the PDF with ksing, dhah and music from the entrance to the Jaiaw Dorbar Hall.
The purpose of the Bible is to darken the Khasi people, until they don't know their uniqueness or identity, just because they read the Bible.
In fact, the order of Justice Katakey requires the state government to take action by installing GPS monitoring systems for vehicles carrying and trading coal. This is time consuming, but in order to keep pace with the law, the government has taken other steps to do this and set a target to complete it by or before the end of November this year.
About that it was written in Jeremiah the prophet – thou art my sword and my weapons of war: with thee will I break in pieces the chariots, and him that sitteth therein. Jeremiah 1:20-2
D R Michael Buam December 24, 2020 In November 2020, the Central Government of India has passed three laws to improve and develop farmers and agriculture in the country.
Shillong, Jaiong : The NSS and NCC unit Umiam have organized a voluntary blood donation camp with the participation of more than 1000 students of Union Christian College Umiam-Khwan. including both men and women.
Dr Celestine said that the land was donated to the Government by the villages when Patharkhmah was only an Administrative Unit, but even after 15 years, not a single land has been donated to the Government. established by the State Government.
Anderson came third with 2 Gold, 4 Silver and 2 Bronze medals.
It can take years or even decades to implement their research because if it is not done, it can lead to disaster.
For collaboration, there is absolutely none.
There are many shortcomings in our villages.
The unceremonious dismissal of teachers who have dedicated themselves for more than 10 or 15 years outside the service (unceremoniously), the inability to recruit lakhs of young job seekers and the contractual recruitment raises a big question mark. in the presence of this government.
Not only that, the Weiloi-Mawkyrwat road is also under discussion and has started to be prepared as soon as possible. they should not delay but should strive to provide or build on time so that the needs and desires of the people are met.
The Silk Printing & Processing Unit in Agartala, Tripura has spent Rs 3.71 crore to produce, print and manufacture 1.5 lakh meters of silk per annum.
Awards were also distributed to the first teacher of the school, to 7 students and one who passed the Matriculation examination (Batch 2012), those who passed the 2023 SSLC and others. of.
Therefore, after carefully considering all these factors, the tournament committee through its meeting this month has decided that it would be better to suspend all the tournaments for this season. year.
But not everyone is happy with these records.
RN Ravi, Spokesperson for the Indian Government and the Governor of Nagaland, led the talks on behalf of the government and Th Muivah, General Secretary of the NSCN (IM), led on behalf of the government. of this organization.
To take action to reduce air pollution in the area where there are many factories in Ri Bhoi District, the Government of Meghalaya has set up a special committee for the implementation of the National Clean Air Program (NCP). NCAP) to be led by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District in order to fight against or eliminate this problem of air pollution in India as a whole.
“That is clear, on the part of the State Government, we see that it is very weak, on the part of the MPs, the cooperation between the MPs and the Government is very weak. There is no state, they walk on their own and there are those who don't take care of this.
Abishek Kumar (46) and Kush Agarwal (40) were the top bowlers while Maialang War scored 3/36 and Wankitlang Nongpluh scored 3/5 EKH: Marremdor Kharsati of EKH did well in the next inning but the team had to stop for 76 runs, which meant they could not escape the need to tied again.
The investigation was entrusted to Sir I. Dunbar, Commissioner of Dacca, who arrived at Sohra at the end of
The JAC leaders said that the police should deploy police traffic in public places like Lad RBP School, Bethany Junction, Lad Alpha School and Nongpoh Junction. These are places where there are many school children and if there are no police forces to look after them, it puts the students at risk.
Bah RM Shabong Everyone wants to move the metor drivers from Mawlong market to another place and here we see the NPP, UDP, Congress, HSPDP and other political parties have the same idea, but it comes. The issue that needs to be discussed is how the Punjab government or the Congress party, which is in power in the state, has undermined the rule of law of the Meghalaya government.
The Chief Minister said that the State Government is studying the report of the retired Judge Justice T.Vaiphei on the shooting death of the former leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (NLLF). The HNLC has held a meeting on the 13th of July last year.
The Khasi custom does not allow men and women in religion or in politics, if they are old and intelligent, not as the French explain that women and men who have no tmaiñ, do not shah sit in the council.
Belagavi: The All India Vegetarian Federation (AIVF) has protested against the distribution of vegetables to school children in Kalyan, Karnataka and Vijayapura by the Karnataka government. ), the party, which has many leaders, who do not jhur beit, to hold a protest, from tomorrow and this is, to force the state government, to ban completely. children in schools.
“We must decide on the basis of our election of leaders, we must take responsibility to elect those who are worthy of morality, knowledge and Which party should we choose because if we make a mistake in the next election it will be worse than this”.
Furthermore, the Special Dorbar has allowed women to attend but not to take part in the discussions and debates.
“Based on the information received from the Economic Advisor, the Ministry of Commerce and Industry has decided to increase the price of medicines,” said the order.
When asked about the working methods, Bah Titos said that if they ask questions about the working methods, Bah Titos said that they should have brought forward or mentioned some of the reasons especially those decisions that he has taken alone as CEM. When asked about the statement in the House that this is a betrayal by the NPP, Bah Titos declined to comment.
Employees of the Geological Survey of India (GSI), who saw only a photograph of the fish, said that the fish is a species found in the United States and expressed their concern. wondering how he came to Umiam.
Pala and Dr Chellakumar were welcomed by Gabriel Wahlang MLA Nongstoiñ in the presence of DCC President Bormanding Nongdkhar, former MDC N Nongdkhar, Fourteenson Lyngkhoi and others. Leaders and strong office bearers of the Congress Party West Khasi Hills.
After the loss of two of its members, the PDF has announced that it has handed over the leadership of the opposition to Bah Process T Sawkmie.
They should put water in wells and other containers near the rice fields and if possible it is better to place the rice fields near ponds, streams to prevent and reduce fires.
There are nine candidates contesting the election, which was previously led by Deborah Marak of the Congress party.
Shillong: U Bah Honsen Lyngdoh has passed away suddenly this morning after a long illness.
The HYC has found that many shops have already closed and the HYC suspects that these shops are aware of their arrival as they have already informed the JHADC authorities and the Waheh Shnongs of the village.
On the other hand, Purna Chandra Jamatia, CEM, Kamal Kalai, Executive Member, Chandra Kumar Jamatia, Chief Executive Officer, Captain GS Rathee, Adviser, Shankar Debnath, Additional CEO and Budhilian were also present. Hrangkhawl, Dy CEO and others.
He said that the matter has reached the High Court, because the foreigners in the border area have sought permission from the SDO, and the SDO has sent to the DC and from the DC to the Hima, these people have not come to the court. The Hima, they appealed to the High Court and the High Court gave a decision to confirm the authority of the Hima.
Shillong: U Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, Spokesperson of the BJP in the State, at the same time as one of the candidates for the BJP MLA election from 17 North Shillong Constituency, Speaking to reporters, he said that the BJP is not the party that hates Christians or bans the consumption of beef in the country, because as of now they have not seen such allegations.
The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us.
In the U14 Boys, District War Sepngi HSS beat OM Roy Hss 1-0
It can be said that her song is like a piat that is used in any kind of song, because her song is also happy or sad, it attracts many people to bun in Khasi.
Raising the issue, Mominin said that the residents have faced many problems due to the poor performance of MeECL. month.
These voluntary organizations shall not work for the benefit of any person or persons and shall not discriminate against any person on the basis of religion or caste.
The statement said that the management of NEEPCO Shillong was asked for clarification on the day of the incident and they replied by email that there was a mistake but they did not do anything.
He urged the people as they have come today to prove their confidence in the NPP party and to give their full support to bring a glorious victory and to form a government only with the NPP alone. I will give full judgment to the people.
Punjabi University (Amanpreet Singh, Pardeep Kaur Sidhu) 16 (566); 4.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KADC) has announced that the two state governments, Meghalaya and Assam, have been on the verge of resolving the border issue for the second time. According to information received on Saturday, the committee has invited political parties, civil society and other NGOs to discuss the issue of border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam.
There is no wakhroo, there is no wapoh In the presence of all the people.
On the other hand, the XIII Finance Commission also looks to CIPS as a group that can take forward this initiative.
The working conditions, working hours of women, women, and many others that the government should address in order to bring peace and reduce violence against women/women.
The new cases include EGH: 08, EJH: 10, EKH: 99, NGH: 22, RBD: 154, SGH: 10, SWGH: 12, SWKH: 14, WGH: 69, WJH: and WKH: 14.
“One of the examples I have seen of the attempts of the BJP and RSS is in Manipur, where hundreds of people have died and thousands have lost their lives. “It has also led to the people of the state living in a very difficult life,” said Rahul Gandhi.
“We 64 members strongly condemn this action of the DC of EJH District,” said the statement.
Shillong: The road from 20Mer to Umrit, which is about 40 km long, is one of the most difficult and difficult to drive, especially at night, as there are places where wild boars pass through.
She was seen, walking slowly and going to the shop to buy something.
“This action is against the Scheduled Tribe (ST) minorities of the North East especially the Christian minorities in Meghalaya and Nagaland,” the Congress said.
This was announced by Meghalaya Trinamool Congress President Charles Pyngrope while talking to media in Shillong on Tuesday.
Cram! The rakot ate the man.
“Therefore, this decision of the BJP to support the NPP will not affect me, but will help me to win this election.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Parliamentary Party of the People's Democratic Party (VPP) has urged the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to extend the session of the Legislative Assembly from three days.
It is not appropriate to perform in schools that have nothing to do with politics.
Judo has also become one of the most popular sports in the North East Olympic Games which is being held in the state this year.
'In the morning they take three minutes, Inside the box they put the court'
As mentioned above, this current incident has never happened in the lifetime of the leaders of any political party, who are still with us today; perhaps if it was the age of LK Advani, Manmohan Singh and others.
It is on this basis that the Central Government has introduced forty types of schemes for the development of rural areas.
Therefore, if we don't immediately call out to the people to stand against that plan of the CM, it will be useless when the work is done.
Regarding the schemes in Sohiong constituency, these youths expressed their dissatisfaction and alleged that most of the money is high but the work has been done properly.
They also informed the Minister that as a sign of opposition to the ban on coal mining, coal transporters will go to all the villages to send signatures to all the Rangbah Shnongs to express their opposition to the decision of the NGT. The signature will be in the form of a form that the party will campaign to the public to sign.
It is up to the Government to think of all the youth when it comes to unemployment.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday strongly condemned the bomb blast in 9lad and warned that the government will investigate and punish those involved in the incident. In a tweet, he said that this is an attempt to disrupt the peace and order in the state.
I have talked and consulted with almost all the 60 MLAs and I know their views well.
The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills District has declared that April 2nd, 2021 as a dry day in the entire East Khasi Hills District on account of Good Friday.
Besides, the Dolloi of Nongtalang Elaka and the Dolloi of Bataw-Lakadong were also suspended.
We remember when there was a lockdown.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, who could not explain the answer, said it is up to the individual to follow the law.
According to sources, the new Executive Committee under the leadership of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has suspended the work.
The party has planned to hold a march from Madan Iewrynghep to the Additional Secretariat on that day.
In the Compound Men team, Vikas, Deepak Kumar, Vishesh Vaidwan and Deepak of Lovely Professional University won gold medals. Amit Thakur and Mohd Shavej won silver, while Savitribai Phule Pune University led by Parth Sunil Korde, Aditya Dnyandev Gadadhe, Soumitro Satyabhataghosh and Anuj Sanjay Patil won bronze.
“There are many traders who have to leave their jobs and leave Dimapur and therefore Dimapur cannot be a place reserved only for the Nagas. “It's not like that,” said the complaint.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, the KPLT demanded 10,000 rupees from those who own rice threshing machines, 5,000 rupees from those who own vehicles, 2,000 rupees per household and many other demands. if you don't pay the demand.
In a statement sent by Waheh Shnong Lasting Pala and Secretary Nicholas Lyngdoh, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang strongly condemns the shooting and bombing of foreign employees of Meghalaya Cement Limited (Topcem). MPCB ​​held a public hearing at Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District, on 24.08.2023 to promote the production of clinker. and cement of this Company.
“We thank God that this incident has happened while the construction is underway,” said Bah PN Syiem. after completing and using this feature"
Bah Pynshailang Lyngdoh is not only a writer but also a composer, singer, storyteller and dancer.
The eldest son was given only to the daughters.
This can be seen especially during these times when families, villages, churches, groups and so on.
WE NEED TO JOIN HAND WITH ALL THE YOUTH OF Hynniewtrep to make RI KHASI JAIÑTIA FREE FROM THESE PROBLEMS. win the battle without fighting, it is better to lose the battle than to lose it without fighting.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Kolin Rongtong, former Sordar of Nongjrong, Bah Tyngkai S Mynsong, Sordar of Raid Rngi, Bah Andra Rynjah, Sordar of Laitkyrhong, Bah Traibor Nongkhlaw, Sordar of Thangsning. Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Daniel Suting of Jatah Lakadong and others.
NEIGRIHMS has also urged ambulances and escorts of patients to be recognized by the state health department before being brought to NEIGRIHMS. Assam government officials have visited the households of Ummat village in Block 1 to try to register these villages with Assam. which promised that if the residents of the village work, they will receive food and other necessities.
Dulong College Road and roads around Thomas Jones Synod College and Jowai Intermediate Road.
There were also those who were angry with the Sohra District Demand Forum, saying how can the Sohra District Demand Forum announce a new district if it does not receive a proper promise from the Prime Minister.
Lida Mary Sutnga, one of the teachers of the school, congratulated the Jaintia National Council for organizing this special program which encouraged and encouraged the children. encourage students to strengthen their minds to focus on their studies.
But those who are righteous and wicked, God knows and sees them.
Wankhraw Kupar Kharbuli has ordered the road workers of Assam to move their JCBs and dumpers and the road workers have obeyed this order by stopping the construction and returning to Assam.
In the men's category, Oshomcare M. Sangma, Nangiaid L. Pyrtuh, Victor Deb and Shuvam Kumar Singh.
Pramila Turkey, Sr.
The containment order was lifted after the Active Surveillance was conducted and the residents who may have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic were tested.
Find out the facts through an independent investigation so that we know what is right and what is wrong.
On behalf of the Dorbar Shnong, we have decided to use this land as it has been used since ancient times and we urge Ankur Star Kympat and Romario Sungoh not to use this land. They should work according to the size of their patta to avoid any problems in the community because we as the village are not against this land ownership of yours if you do not work the village land.
As the youth of Hynniewtrep, we have a great reason to help and encourage the youth to get rid of these alcoholic beverages and to get rid of the imprisonment so that the family can live. the community will be free from these shackles.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb has said that BJP leader Amit Shah intends to form governments in Nepal and Sri Lanka as well.
“When candidates who have a lot of money and have more followers come, they specialize in preparations, communications in the village and the way of speaking and conducting meetings, but when candidates who don't have money and don't have followers come, don't They don't even give us information inside the village,” they said.
Well I don’t know if they’re going to have kids or not, because it’s still new.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 05: Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat has been one of the 26 schools to win the 9th Chief Minister's District Level Inter-Sports Tournament. School Athletics Meet 2023 was organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir.
Shillong: There have been 42 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today.
The inspection was led by Paiem Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai, Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship and Chairman of the Market Committee. The Committee, the Rangbah Shnong of Lum Nongrim, Bah Jaslin Syngkli, Rangbah Shnong of Byrnihat Proper, Bah Bihu Ronghang, Rangbah Shnong of Ronghona and others.
Dr. Wandap Bamon – Sub Divisional Health Officer Sutnga CHC, Dr. M Sutnga Medical Officer Sutnga CHC, and members of the village including Pynbha Sutnga, Tobias Nongtdu and Pynwan Sutnga attended the ceremony. this is the day.
It has partnered with Racing Promotions Pvt Ltd (RPPL) for the Indian Racing League as a partner company for the supply of engine fuels. a change in the country's motorsport.
Chinese Olympian Eileen Gu, who won the title in Ski Freestyle, has now been awarded the World Action Sportsperson award.
Many of the blocks in East Khasi Hills district have been affected.
As soon as the work was finished, they both stood up and with one mind agreed to tell it at home.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, today said that the Council has prepared a committee to appoint Bah Bindo M Lanong who has been appointed as MDC. Bills pending over the years.
Political leaders including the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, MP Lok Sabha, Bah Vincent H. Pala were also present at the ceremony. , Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and other dignitaries.
He said that in the construction of this road they have their own problems including the relocation of land, the taking of land from the people and especially the traffic.
“We don't count parties when it comes to the issues of the people even if they don't have the membership of the opposition,” said Ronnie.
The praise is first of all to the people who have shown their knowledge and enlightenment because even in the midst of the celebrations and after the handshakes of the candidates but this has not caused the people to shout even when they They also met face to face during the rally.
When asked how many fish vendors there are, he said that there are about 300 fish vendors in the market alone and thousands of fish vendors in Shillong.
The union said that the promotion of Lower Primary teachers is very low.
If the seeds are diseased, they are taken outside during the day so that the disease will die.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has advised the public to stay away from the sun and also to cover themselves with shatri or tupia when going out to avoid the sun.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HP Singh, one of the residents of one of the three houses, said that the total damage to his house has reached T.5 lakh. amount.
Regarding the colors of the Silver Year, Bah Kester Warjri, Chairman of the Lympung Rakhe, said that there will be colours, such as literature in many ways. writing stories, writing short stories, writing paintings and other activities that immediately enrich the celebration.
“Taking advantage of this incident, there has been a search for people belonging to other political parties.
Nongpoh: The Mawlasnai Youth Association under the leadership of Samla Shemphang Masharing as President, today held a short program at Plielad Secondary School, Mawlasnai. for those students who have to prepare for the SSLC Examination
He said that there are too few government jobs and urged the youth not to seek government jobs.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: Thousands of people have flocked to Patharkhmah area today at the NPP party meeting to campaign for the election of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as the NPP candidate from Jirang Constituency.
They also said that they don't want the government to set up police patrols for two days but they demand that they should set up police camps in the border areas so that peace and order can be restored in these areas. .
"Hooid, it won't be long..." said the Men Kpa. As soon as they had finished drinking, they left and went straight to Mawkhar to meet the lawyer.
Is there any hostility towards man-to-man? This cannot be said until the investigation is completed.
We don't like from the Dkhars and the Lyngkien of the Rithor to other ethnic groups like us.
She said that every time the CFs visit, the members of the villages remember what they have been taught in the past 15 years.
Due to the shortage of medical and agricultural students in the Central Government Schools in Manipur, the State Government has proposed to allow at least one year for them to study medicine and agriculture. Those who are studying at the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) or CAU in Imphal will continue their studies in Shillong as a temporary arrangement.
Meghalaya has collected T. 433 crore from the Meghalaya Environment Protection and Restoration Fund (MEPRF), which was collected on the orders of the National Green Tribunal from coal mined and stored in coal mines. .
He said that 33 nurses have been appointed but it is not enough.
Shillong: U Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of State in charge of Urban Affairs, today directed the Ri Bhoi Police to immediately investigate and arrest four persons allegedly involved in the robbery of the Dismarlin Lyngdoh, Home Guard Security Officer, FCI Khanapara.
Shillong, November 4: There are some Himas in the Khasi Hills which do not hold Dorbars properly, and there are also Himas which hold Dorbars once every three or four years.
He also had that season in which he was able to lead the international teams of Argentina and Chile in his service as manager which lasted for several years. whom thou hast fulfilled that purpose of thy ministry.
They were seized from a man in a Maruti Car 800 and arrested from Jorabat.
The new office bearers of the Marwet District include Samla Pynshon Sylliang as President, Shemphang Syiemiong as General Secretary, Friendship Langbang as Vice President and others.
The people of Meghalaya should not surrender and should not be second class citizens in their own country,” he added.
:The film “Kaei Ka Jingieid” directed by IB Thim and produced by Diana M Marbaniang was released on 11th
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Narpuh Circle under the leadership of President Keldrim Sumer and General Secretary Albinus Lyngdoh on Tuesday closed down the Amrit Cement Factory. dewbilat located in Amlaper village, Rymbai district; After receiving a complaint from the employees of the company, the company has not implemented the Minimum Wage Act as laid down by the state government.
Hesmiki Rymbai scored the first goal for R.Iawpynsing SC in the 90th minute.
If it is both, why don't you appoint one person, when so many young people are looking for jobs, or is it because the government doesn't have the money.
At the same time, you can also call these officers: Bah Gameliel LC, EAC, DGRO-8527843078 and Zaryne Kharkongor, SI(S), AGRO-8
“It's it's it's my father.
Tarun Gogoi has announced that he will not contest the next election and has denied that Gaurav Gogoi, a member of the Lok Sabha and his son, will return. to the State, to become the prime ministerial candidate of the Congress party.
The village headmen should find out about the various schemes of the central government from Delhi and evaluate whether they are benefiting from those schemes.
He said that as the village headmen and especially the people of the area should not contribute for this work because the case, which was filed by the JAC, the people of the area. Shillong, Lber 6: The UDP leadership has held another meeting today to discuss the issues raised by the JAC. After the meeting, the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that after the Governor wanted the documents to support the complaint of the party against the CEM, the party KHADC Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, the UDP has already handed over the documents which are evidence of corruption in the KHADC. “We have discussed this but we have taken the best decision for the party to continue and not to appeal to the Governor. "It's not right," he said.
Rangkynsai CC beat Langsning XI CC by 6 wickets in the Shillong Cricket Association ( Shillong Cricket Association ) Super Division 2022-23 on Tuesday. Polo field.
“On the other hand, the Sengbhalang accepts the four principals that have been arranged by the two states regarding the settlement of the border,” he said.
The tournament was scheduled to start on the 5th but has been postponed to the 12th after the Meghalaya Football Association earlier this month announced that it will launch on January 5th.
On the other hand, Mawthadraishan MLA Shakliar Warjri and Mawshynrut MLA Methodius Dkhar said that they will take this issue to the Government for discussion with the MDA or any other party. group of Government.
Nine people were on board the helicopter, including Raisi, Abdollahian, three Iranian government officials, the imam, the pilots of the helicopter and their escorts. .
Speaking to u SP West Jaintia Hills, R. Muthu, he said that the increase in child rape is due to family strife.
Shillong, November 15 : The Government LP School in Nongumlong has been serving for 66 years since the beginning of the year. 1956, to get a stronger and larger school building built at a cost of 37 lakh tyngka.
When (L) Dr Donkupar Roy was the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, he donated from the Chief Minister's Fund to the MPA government. to build this school building.
According to reports, the Canadian forest fires have caused fears of air pollution even in the North of America and neighboring countries.
As they both went that day, so they went.
Tura, Jymmang 10: Police in West Garo Hills District have conducted a thorough investigation to find out the cause of a sudden fire in a room at the Petrol Pump of the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC). AOC, who is not in Hawakhana, Tura.
The JSU cannot remain silent on this issue because there is still a lot of development in this district because even the Civil Hospital or government schools, government colleges and roads to connect different villages are still lacking. long who are strong.
The JF&EPA would like to thank the youth of Khimusniang Village and the entire Khimusniang Dorbar Shnong, for your cooperation with the organization.
According to media reports, the four men knew each other and knew each other through social media and had planned the riot to the Lok Sabha.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Pynursla Unit President Eleazar Diengdoh said that the OC has threatened to arrest these youths if they are members of the KSU. or three days in the police station.
Whether I continue or stop will depend on the decision of the leaders in Delhi,” he said.
JOWAI: The audition for Miss Lukha 2020 will start tomorrow (November 12) at Wika Restaurant, Khliehriat.
“Our state is known as the Cancer Capital of India, because of the widespread use of Duma,” said Dr. Phyllei.
In Khasi it is called “Kotbah” because it is the only Bible which is the greatest book in the world because it is the Word of God.
He said that it is a great shame for the state government that it has not been able to install a single ambulance in the most needed hospital in the district.
Samlin said the current candidate from the UDP has also spoken against HDR Lyngdoh.
Shillong: U Rahul Gandhi will arrive in Jowai on the 30th of this month and before that, he will land in Tura, where he will meet with the party leaders and after that he will attend a public meeting at Jowai and will return to Shillong on the same evening.
On the same day, the Minister also launched various schemes under the SSA including the website of the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan, the Adopt a School Campaign and the PM e-Vidya Meghalaya.
Stanford Marak scored 59 runs and Manish Sharma 3/14. TDCA-B lost all wickets for 138 runs. TDCA-A responded by tied. 296 and lost all wickets.
The union also said that the violence against women is a threat to women around the world and therefore, it needs to be eradicated completely, because such incidents, have the opportunity to appear in the world. on social media.
Speaking on this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that at the meeting, it was decided to assist the people who have to be sent for treatment when they are infected with Covid-1 The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has proposed to increase the treatment fee from T.4900 to T.60,000 per day for the first seven days of treatment.
The BJP is using the ILP issue only to attract the votes of the people in this state,” said Bah Allantry.
“As a person who has just won a term, he will try again in the coming years to bring various schemes in the constituency if he wins again as an MLA,” he said. of Wildard.
Not only this transformer in this village, but there are also in other villages which are old and dangerous.
Meanwhile, sources said that Paul will soon take over the post of RS Mooshahary, who has been appointed as the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. deadline, May 1, 2013.
Besides the increasing number of traffic accidents, the union said that the deterioration of this road has also caused severe traffic jam even in the Khliehriat area which is the headquarters of the district. and which is indeed a shame to the district as a whole.
He said the government has held hundreds and thousands of meetings on this issue, and the claim that he is a Dkhar or Khasi does not fit.
Media reports said that Bah PN Syiem, held a meeting on Saturday and it was understood that he is still working, that he has a sufficient number of people, in which he claims that there are 16 people. The MDCs who supported him included three UDP MDCs, two KHNAM MDCs, Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor, two expelled HSPDP MDCs and two MDCs alone.
He said, “Today is a day for all of us to think about what each of us as individuals can do for our city.
Inspector Basaïawmoit is the first woman from the Civil Defense and Home Guards Department in the state to receive this Meritorious Service Medal, said the Divisional Commandant of Home Guards, Shillong, Bah PH Shylla in a statement. The Ministry of Home Affairs has recently issued four medals, two for Gallantry and two for Service to all members of the CAPF, State Police, Civil Defense & Home Guards, RPF, Correctional Services, Fire Service and others.
The road is also very important in some villages which do not have roads especially the village roads.
The Village Authority may reject such applicants.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : Langsning SC have moved up to second place in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 by beating Ryntih. three.
On another occasion, Smt.
Myrjai scored the third goal (27).
What happened? Early in the morning the angels urged Lot to leave Sodom with his wife and two daughters.
In the second leg, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu beat Saindur Mihmyntdu 2-1
The Amendment Bill was introduced by the Chief Executive Member (CEM), Bah Pynshngain N. Syiem on the first day of the session.
“Victory in the election is not just a victory on one side but through the cooperation of all from the people, officers including the BLO's,” said Bah Laloo.
The Mylliem Hima has banned the slaughter of cows for two months to protest against the Mylliem Hima for allegedly holding a daily market at the cow market in Khanapara. They said that the market should be held only once a month and the daily market allows the smugglers of cattle to Bangladesh to buy cattle every day.
The woman said that she had talked to the youth, who is currently undergoing treatment at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
They have just taken part in the home match against England in Wellington and scored 1 run in the second match to draw 1-1 .
The main part of the ceremony was to swear in the members and leaders by Samla Spaiñdor Sing Lyngkhoi, Office Secretary of KSU Sengkmie.
Amiya Ch Momin, 65, of Balachanda, Rajabala, West Garo Hills, has been undergoing treatment at Tura Civil Hospital since 30th November 2020 and passed away on 5th November 2020 at 12 noon: 50 minutes.
From this day onwards, every evening, there will be a performance of the ksing and also a dance training for children, young men and women, at the Seng Khasi Hall, which will continue until the evening of on the 7th of June which is the day before the Shad Nohkjat on the 8th.
The ILP is a law introduced by the Government in 2021, as part of the efforts to curb the entry of foreigners into the state, but to allow them back within the period stipulated in the permit of kim that can stay.
Earlier, the MPCC had held a special prayer for the families of the victims of the shooting incident by the Assam police in Mukroh village West Jaintia Hills on the morning of the 22nd of this month.
In his speech, he wished the best and at the same time urged the staff and management of the hospital to provide adequate and efficient services to those who are seriously ill and in need of aid.
Before the release of these tickets, a short meeting was held at the Community Hall of the village, in the presence of Waheh Shnong Pyrkhat Shylla, Secretary Fete A. Khonglah, elders and women of the village.
Since becoming MLA, Bah SK Sun, they have worked hard to help in the provision of ambulances and he said that a resolution has been passed in the House regarding the ambulances and that the government still lacks funds. and until now their labor has been fulfilled.
I am confident that just as the G20 summit brought about a consensus on the challenges facing the world, the P20 summit will also emphasize the important role of members of parliaments in solving problems and bringing a new era of inter-parliamentary cooperation to address global issues.
Paul Lyngdoh, former leader of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), first General Secretary of the North East Students' Organization (NESO), founder of the Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) , has been an MLA of Jaiaw Constituency twice and a former MLA of the 18th West Shillong Constituency.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong and Member of the Committee of Saiden Secondary School, expressed his gratitude to the RBYF leaders for taking the responsibility to move forward. The school which has been able to lead the district to the state level of the Subroto Cup and as the school authorities has faced many challenges and there are still many shortcomings in the school, but this assistance of the RBYF has helped It will be of great benefit to the school and especially to the sports team which will lead the District to the State Level.
The village leaders including the Rangbah Shnong Ban Moris Shabong together with the leaders of the SWO and Seng Samla strongly condemned the incident. bloodthirsty and enemies.
Meghalaya has reported 336 deaths from COVID-19 with 16 deaths on Monday.
Dkhar said he doesn't want to criticize the incumbent MLA, but the people will judge because they have elected and sent him to sit in the Secretariat and to go to the Assembly. to develop comprehensive policies that can provide employment to talented youth, strengthen the farmers, provide adequate health facilities and low cost of health care, to provide adequate and affordable educational institutions for the students, but the leader has not done anything about it.
Finally, even if it is useless to speak and tell stories in Hindi to those who do not understand it, it is not useless according to the purpose behind the RSS because it is symbolic.
The driver of the vehicle collided with a transformer at Ganol Sangma, near Tura, West Garo Hills.
On the night of the 15th, at about 11:00 PM, unidentified robbers have abducted the Nokma of Riangchi village in Shahlang area. Puni M Sangma, 66, was arrested on Wednesday.
The party led by Bah Kyrshan Blah, together with its members today met with the District Transport Officer of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah T. Lamin and discussed with him the issue of I don't have an MVI for many months in this office.
The counting of votes will be held on 23rd July 2018 and the counting of votes will be held on 27th July
They sent planes to evacuate Hindus and Sikhs from Afghanistan, but they turned me away.
This announcement came after two Khasi youths were shot dead by foreigners in Khyndailad on Friday night.
Three batsmen who scored nine runs were dismissed by Dutta, Sanchisa Sangma and Rajni Lodhi.
The breath of God into the nostrils of man means that God breathes the breath of life from God (spirit).
The women's hostel will be constructed under the 8th Plan Special Assistance Scheme and will be completed within 24 months or two years.
Ohiwot Laloo, District Secretary MBS&G, W Lyngdoh and S Tariang gave a keynote address on the occasion. Jt.
Nongpoh, July 10: Holy Angels Secondary School, Bhoirymbong and St Paul's Higher Secondary School Nongpoh have become the top schools in Ri-Bhoi, after two students came forward to enter the Top category. Laniewkyrpang Nongrum, daughter of Bah Victor Jyrwa and Ibalabet Nongrum of Holy Angels Secondary School, Bhoirymbong, has passed the SSLC examination. Samla Silbester Shadap of St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh has scored 8th position in the HSSLC examination with 559 marks and distinction in all 6 subjects. After securing 422 marks and distinction in 4 subjects.
She said that there are about nine types of tests to be conducted and they include Ph test, Total Hardness, Chloride Test, Free Chlorine, Iron (Fe), Nitrate, Fluoride and Bacteriological Test.
“If we cannot develop tourism in such a way that it can create jobs for the youth of the state, it will make no sense,” he said.
At the time of writing, the cause of the fire and the owner of the two trucks are still unknown.
On receiving information about the incident, the Umsning Police Station rushed to the scene and found that the driver of the Klinker truck had been trapped inside the truck. don is in the midst of serious injury.
The Meghalaya government, until now, has been silent, but it is time for it to do something and that is to go and arrest this person, whether he is in jail or anywhere else, because It is the Government of Meghalaya to judge whether it is too much or too little or too wrong and not Assam.
Bickyson Kharkongor scored the first goal for Ryntih in the 48th minute with the assist of Dawanplielad Myrchiang.
They are Kong Baiahunlang Khyriem of Mawngaprim who helped the police to identify and arrest a woman who kidnapped a child and Bah Wanbhabok Myrthong who helped the police to seize a dumper truck. Two youths were killed in Sanmer.
According to sources, the vendors had to wait for more than 2 hours for Bah Ardent as he was still attending a meeting of the HSPDP at the house of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, President of the HSPDP. organization.
Even the human life until now the Government has not been able to provide assistance for the farmers so the decision of this meeting is that we will not allow the destruction of those wild animals because Even if the Government authorities arrest us, we will not hesitate because as farmers we have faced many problems that we don't even want to go to farm and we don't want to eat anything else. They gave them assistance or wages to the farmers so that they could stay at home.
Regarding the ability of the family to donate to the people of the village, the Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, expressed his gratitude to the family of Bah Evansis. Jones Myrthong, because through this parking lot, it will be of great benefit to the people of the village as a whole.
The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in collaboration with the Congress-RJD, has won 41 constituencies in Jharkhand.
He said that the temporary repair works have been completed by installing shyiap and other methods of strengthening the well have been developed and implemented.
There are so many problems that our women face and no one can explain to them.
The KHNAM leader strongly condemned the Cabinet of Ministers of the state government for remaining silent, despite the fact that there is a basis for them to do something to bring peace in the state.
Many questions have been raised on the expulsion of Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, and the question that surprises the people is how much the HSPDP has the power to suspend Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit if it happens. Pastor PBM is an independent candidate and not a candidate of the HSPDP, a candidate who has received the support of KHNAM and also that there have been allegations that he is the one who has received support from independent candidates and some Congress candidates? Until you have to expel your own people.
It is good if you can provide a variety of foods each month to get a complete nutritious diet (for example, carrots, cucumbers, beets).
The Chief Minister's State Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 started on Tuesday at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) Training Center at NEHU, Shillong.
During the visit, we also talked to some of the Khasi who came to set up shops in this area where foreigners used to sell goods. The Khasi expressed their happiness if they get to set up shops. in this place.
When inquiring about the incident, Bah Benediction Buam, Secretary of Muktapur Village, said that the Bangladesh troops, as soon as they arrived at the scene, shot dead. They constantly stopped the people, who were building the road, on the ground that they could not build the road, because the land was still within 150 yards.
If it is for us the people to believe such a statement, the people in power should have shown us facts so that we can believe.
The murder of the two men was the third incident on the same day.
“If UCIL continues to force uranium mining and secret mining, we will file a murder case against them for trying to fill the public with knowledge.
“If you count all the constituencies in Khasi Jaintia alone, there are 23-24 constituencies where the Congress can win.
Shillong, July 09: The suspension of the sale and slaughter of beef by the butchers, which started today, has caused the beef shops in Iewduh to close except for the sellers of beef who could not sell yesterday. came on sale today.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, announced the donation to the Dorbar Shnong.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Tuesday announced the list of 15 cricketers who will take part in the BCCI U-23 Men's State A Trophy.
Historical facts and documents were not used in the first demarcation,” said the Seng.
“Where are we going mom?" he asked in surprise.
The program began with a short program at the RC Hall where a short program was conducted by Ma Fredrick Synnah, Chairman of the Parish Pastoral Council of Jowai Parish.
Shillong: Hundreds of people have gathered in front of the Deputy Commissioner's office today to collect curfew passes and vehicle passes.
New methods and techniques are needed to teach in schools and colleges and for this purpose, it is necessary to provide adequate training to teachers so that they can acquire the skills to teach them. children read, that they may grasp and understand quickly.
Vehicles heading to Shillong have been stopped since 9 pm and until now, although the line has been slowly opened.
She said she opened the door and immediately closed the door and asked if her husband was at home. but she escaped from his evil intentions and fled from her own house.
U Disparsing Rani People once they have become Christians lose their right to participate in the future if they do not follow the life of an indigenous people because these indigenous peoples have a private Bill as an Autonomous District Council incorporated in the constitution. section 6 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong: The State Government through the Directorate of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary (DVTE) has announced that it will continue to distribute piglets to farmers to improve their income. The Government's objective is to provide medical assistance to farmers in rural areas through the National Rural Livelihoods Mission (NRLM) scheme.
He said that with the willingness of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Electricity, he hopes that the problems in MeECL will be resolved. They will temporarily support the strike and request the Minister in charge to include the MeECL Employees Union in the discussion group on other issues as not all the issues are be able to communicate with the organization, so that the workplace can move forward.
The body of Joit Singh Suna was found on the morning of the 23rd by the people before reaching the Sahpsain Bridge in Nangbah village. Main Foundation.
“Through the inspection of trading license by HITO in Rynjah area, it is surprising to see that KHADC issues Trade License to foreigners through NOC signed by a foreigner who claims to be Rangbah. “According to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act 2007, the Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Colony 2007 has been clearly stated that the Rangbah Shnong Shnong “means a Khasi elected by the residents of a village within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem, and only a Khasi may be the Rangbah Shnong”.
He said that to elect the leaders of the people, they should be elected by Rangbah who love the country and the nation.
The union also supports the demand of the government to recognize them as full time employees under the Meghalaya Regular Casual Workers Scheme, serve more than 10 years in the field.
This is a song composed and composed by Wonderful Maring.
Meghalaya chose to bat first after winning the toss and put Manipur in trouble with the early fall of two of their batsmen with the balls of Abhay Negi and Chengkam. Try.
Referring to the day he joined the BJP, Bah CB Syiem said that he is very happy to join the BJP party which is one of the political parties which has brought about many changes. especially in terms of development.
He said that when new foreigners come to live in the village, the village first asks for a Transfer Certificate from these foreigners and if these foreigners have the necessary documents, the village will ask for a Transfer Certificate. They are allowed to stay in the village but if they are foreigners and do not have proper documents, the village does not accept them.
This disease is like a terrible storm, many have lost hope of staying on earth.
Shillong, July 14 : The BJP leader in the state and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday said that the party will prepare to nominate candidates for the MP elections from Shillong and also from The Parliamentary Seat will be held next year.
However, it cannot be said that there are people who, although they are not educated or work in various offices, but they know the respect and manners and refuse to smoke or cigarette in public places and especially in front of them. babies.
Besides, he expressed his satisfaction that those villages which have disputes with Assam will return to Meghalaya.
The fine is for two wheelers without proper documents, drivers without licenses, motorcycles equipped with smoke alarms and especially two wheelers who I don't know how to stand up until I've lost a lot of money to the drivers.
Imran Khan married Jemima Goldsmith in 1995 and they divorced in 2004, about nine years after their marriage.
The meeting was conducted by the President of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Deibormi Syad.
The union has demanded the opening of Rambrai C&RD Block, the establishment of a College in Rambrai, the upgradation of Rambrai PHC to CHC, the establishment of a Police Out Post in Rambrai, the establishment of a Police Out Post in Rambrai. Tender for the 2nd or 2nd Phase of the Mawthir-Kyrshai-Chaigoan Road should be paid.
He stressed the need to work together so that the goal of eradicating TB from Meghalaya and the country by 2025 will be a success.
The survey will be extended to Shillong as well,” he said.
“We demand justice,” said the Jugali of MeECL. The Jugali was supported by the State Youth Wing of KHNAM. Bah PS Thangkhiew refused to meet with them.
However, it is understood that these Aadhaar cards have been discussed since July 2013, not to be implemented in the North East, except Tripura and Sikkim.
Shillong: The deaths today are Pinky R. Marak, 35, of Wadanang, Tura, West Garo Hills, Bah Phyrnailang Marwein, 37, of Mawlai, East Khasi Hills. (67) from Malugram, Silchar, Batskhem Myrthong, (70) from Lumparing, Usha Rani Kharkongor, (55) from Madanrting, East Khasi Hills. Aidis Suting, 56, of Ummulong, Iawpynsing, West Jaintia Hills, passed away at home. Perinda Shadap, 60, of Mawlai Nonglum, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
David still remembered exactly what his Father had promised him.
It is for these reasons that the FKJGP has decided not to establish this school.
And Abraham took the knife in his hand, and Isaac carried the wood for the burnt offering.
Shillong: A brother has been accused of rape by a woman through Facebook posts.
However, we don't know where they got the money and the food items.
God had already warned Adam and Eve from the beginning that in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
In this regard, the PGS (Participatory Guarantee Scheme) supported through the 'No One Shall Be Left Behind' project led by NESFAS (North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society) and supported by REC (Rural) Electric Corporation) does not have a sticker to certify that it is organic.
Speaking on her experience, Ayoshee Beriwal said, “I am very fortunate to have the opportunity to travel to Bangkok with the PRIME Meghalaya team to market to other parts of the world.
The Mawlai bye-pass is about 8km long and only private vehicles coming from Umiam area will be allowed to pass through it.
He said that on Friday night, East Khasi Hills Police conducted a heavy raid in Mawlai and other surrounding areas while the night was still dark. “Our team seized 319.17 grams of heroin, 14.24 grams of marijuana and 7 mobile phones, a Wagon R (ML04-C-1659) and a Four persons, three men and one woman have been arrested and taken to Mawlai Police Station. The DGP said that a day earlier, the East Khasi Hills Police had conducted a search operation. grams of heroin, 5 mobile phones, a vehicle and T.10,000 thousand were seized.
The visit of the writers to the College and Shillong is an opportunity for them to meet them.
Khliehriat, Nailur 20 : Due to the landslide on the National Highway-6 near the tunnel in Sonapur, there has been a slight disruption in traffic where only small vehicles can pass and heavy vehicles have fallen. The earthquake started at about 7 pm and the ground was cleared until 3.45 pm.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Lester Nongbet President of Umsning Circle said that the union has met with the officers in charge of the Infiltration Gate at Byrnihat and found that the reason is The State Government has failed to implement the laws against the entry and exit of foreign workers, from the Inter-State Migrants Act 2011, the Meghalaya Residents Safety. and Security Act (MRSSA) in which the infiltration police searched only EPIC and Adhaar cards.
Dr Bashida also requested the state government to help with the publishing fees as many writers are facing difficulties even to get the publishing fees.
The suspect was identified as Anil Sharma, a resident of Narayana and police have taken him into custody for further investigation.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Lakhreh Memorial School Umsohsun on Thursday commemorated the death anniversary of Babu Jeebon Roy Mairom, the founder of the school.
Laingut Chidus FT won the title by beating Rangkynsai FT with this goal. Many of the youths of the village, of the area where the chief guest on this occasion was Bah Edilbert Iawphniaw one of the youths of the village of Mawkyrwat area.
The entry fee for clubs who wish to take part in this tournament is Rs.1000 per team and must be paid on or before 27th June
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the elders of the village, Bah Peter Rynjah, said that the stone was called 'She' He is from the Rynjah clan and his name is Bah Shedwel Rynjah.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 12: Three units of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) including the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and the KSU Mawkyllut Unit on Saturday last month honored the Ferdinand Lyngdoh Marshillong, one of the young leaders who will participate in the International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP) from October 20 to June 7, 2023 in the United States.
Former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, was shot dead by the police on the morning of 13th July 2021 at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar. 15th of July which is also the Independence Day of India.
Bah PN Syiem is an MLA and MDC who won from the party.
“Even in the provisions of the Act, it is clearly stated that the officers in the Lokayukta should be officers who are still in service or on duty.
The SSA teachers in the state under the banner of MSSATA have set a deadline for the government to release their three months salary before the 8th of this month. to fight.
In connection with this incident, the Anti-Narcotics Cell (ANC) of the police on Sunday arrested three persons in Bandra and confirmed Police have seized 5 kilos of Mephedrone worth T.10 crore.
Why do you need an ordinance because the Assembly will meet in August?
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today urged the National Liberation Council (NHLC) to stop illegal activities before they come. to speak peacefully.
He said that even in the village where he is the Waheh Shnong of Madankynsaw, there are more than 20 households who have not received even the wires, bulbs and meters for the purpose of getting electricity. registration has been completed since ancient times.
What is more interesting in this competition is that not only children or the elderly will take part in this competition but other runners from other countries including Elijah Kipruto Kemei, from Kenya (35 years old) and this is his second time to take part in this big competition.
After the announcement of the resolution, Rupang.com met with Sainava Modak and Ainamdaphisha to talk to them.
The Commissioner & Secretary of District Council Affairs, Bah Tining today said that the census received by the department from the Deputy Commissioners of all the districts. Nongshken with 88.22 percent, Nongthymmai with the lowest turnout at 48.50 percent, while in JHADC, Tuber with the highest turnout was 96.40 percent. Jowai-North has 81.10 percent.
The inability of the state to supply meat is due to the reliance on foreign states to import cows and perhaps if the government encourages farmers to raise cows through schemes and subsidies, they will get cows. “Only from the state, the beef can be bought at a reasonable price,” said the leader of the Association.
The school was started by the Balang U Blei Ammutong and later it was taken over by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council together with the village. now.
Ki syrdep ñiad khiew – These are those children of tamsneng, who walk at will, like 'si sahmiet, while they still have the color of appearance, they take advantage of their lives and turn like fruit cows. cat shaba jyrngam and plant.
I understand that this work is sacred before man and God.
The question now is, who will raise these urgent demands so that the educated youth can succeed? Another fact is that in the past years, the demand for The implementation of development projects is still low and the need for workers is still low.
The curfew will be a sign of protest against the relocation of the PWD North Division office to Shangpung.
However, the authorities did not provide any information on those involved in the shooting and said that the injured were They were the children who were still in the house because of the 16th Anniversary of the celebration.
When asked about the number of land from which areas they import, he said that most of the land is from Bhoi and East Khasi Hills.
This political work is a voluntary work," he said.
These completed forms should be returned to the office of the party on or before 25th November 2018 before 2.00 pm.
Shah referred to the remarks of the Congress leader who had spoken in words about the division between the North and the South.
The incident occurred shortly after the 1st of this month when four lions at the Safari Zoo in Bahawalpur, about 400 kilometers from Lahore, attacked and killed a man. area.
There shall be no excessive distinction between arts and sciences, academic activities and other fields of education, vocational and education;v.
We have only one member in the Lok Sabha,” said Ricky Lalbiakmawia, leader of the party.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his satisfaction to see that there are Khasi Jaintia youths who have passed IAS and become IAS officers and his wish is to see their own people to rule the secretariat.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Members of the Fact Finding Committee headed by Nongthymmai MLA Bah Jemino Mawthoh today conducted an inspection of the Myntdu Leshka Hydel Project to find out the electricity generation capacity of the project. .
In North Garo Hills, there are five cases.
In a statement, SOMALA said that the state government is watching the violations of the law by the companies and the reasons are well known.
AIS SujaU Jesus will rule the world.
At the meeting, they unanimously decided to approve Bah Apsharailang Syiem, Secretary of the Hima Nongstoiñ, as the party's candidate for the MDC election. I'll be there soon.
There are those who are mentally ill.
God was willing to sacrifice Abraham's son Isaac, Himself, His most precious Son, to suffer for us.
In this regard, the Additional District Magistrate, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, has urged all those who have information about the incident to please provide information to the investigator.
Shillong: KSU Tongseng Narpuh Unit together with KSU Narpuh Circle on Tuesday seized a Sumo No.AS24C 2140 carrying seven Bangladeshis, four of whom were Bangladeshis. male and 3 females.
At present, herbalists are well supported by various companies that produce toothpaste, body oils, and various medicines that have spread across the country, such as Gaia, Patanjali, Herb. Pharm, Bio-Botany, and others.
“I am confident that as the people trust the party, they will trust me and give their full support so that we can work together for the development of the constituency.
The Shabong, Khyriem, Mukhim and Shallam kurs are shikurs although some of these kurs have more members in Jaintia Hills and others in the Khasi Hills.
“May the emergence of the new Leaders of AMSSATA Nongstoin Block be an inspiration to the District and the Sengkmie as a whole,” said Babu Thyrniang.
The woman lodged an FIR against her husband P Singh with the officer incharge of Laban police station on 31st March.
"“I can't understand, what we feel, if the people are holding protests and although we are organizing protests as a political party and the people are participating in the protest and they didn't come in the name of anyone in the world.
He said that it has been about 2 and a half years and during today's inspection, except for the hills, what he can understand is that the land has been handed over to the relevant authorities. to take the responsibility of beginning to prepare and build all the necessary works.
“Madison was a good player, but I was happy to come back with a 2-4, 0-40 victory in the second set,” she added.
We can see with our own eyes that good roads are only in Shillong, adequate health facilities are only in Shillong, good schools and especially good colleges are only in Shillong.
These two sports teams were allowed to participate after receiving permission from the Ministry of Sports of the Federal Government by tightening the rules.
The National Register of Citizens (NRC) for Assam has released its census today and found that there are 40 lakh non-citizens in Assam. in the State of Assam.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Government today has not been able to take a decision on the erection of shiah signboards on the Bangladesh-India border as the CCIB continues to oppose the government's request to erect shiah signboards from a distance of 150 km. yard and wants the government to dig straight from Zero Point.
Develence Shylla (28) scored the first goal for West Madan Mustem in the first half.
The General Secretary, Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor, said that the party has taken this step to hold this rally to protest against the increasing power outages in the area. Nongpoh and this has been witnessed from time to time that the residents do not get proper electricity supply from the power outages.
With the victory, Rangdajied have moved up to the top of the table with 10 points behind Ladthadlaboh.
Jowai, Naiwieng 22: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has reminded the Hynniewtrep people not to forget what happened at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District last year when up to five people were killed. Assam police have killed 10 people in a shooting incident.
Bony First Pyrtuh scored the first goal for Demthring in the 34th minute.
“The reasons given are that the department has not yet sent the money to the account,” said Bah Disparsing.
On the same day, the Russian troops opened fire on the bomb and it hit the area where a child and two women were, injuring four others. in this incident.
The Education Cell of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Saturday honored Emika S Dkhar who has passed and entered the Top 20 in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate results announced by the MBOSE recently.
The clock had reached 10 o'clock and it was only 10 o'clock when those people came because it was 11 o'clock in the morning.
At the meeting, they also praised him for his good deeds as Rangbah Shnong and reminded that he was one of the first Rangbah Shnongs in their village to submit a General Report. It is related to the accounting and expenditure of the Shnong which he started in 2002 and until today.
All nine persons are still in police custody for further investigation.
Fourthly, the Kur requests the police and the state government to create security measures for the drivers of commercial vehicles, Jowai-Shillong and others so that such incidents cannot happen. thied and at the same time it will be a pleasure to the passengers.
To produce adequate food and drink requires intelligent leaders, who put agriculture and livestock as a first priority, at the same time we need young people who are strong and willing to work from the heart and who have knowledge of the system according to the time.
The KSU has directed the leaders of various Dkhars to protect their people, otherwise the KSU will not hesitate to take the same measures as the KSU leaders took at that time. Anti-Foreigners' Movement.
“There are only 37 unemployed youth in the State.
When I turn to the writing of Bah Purningstar Shabong, I like the words he said about the PARARI who are sad and emotional when they sing this song and that they are pious.
Of course, we understand that the difference in holding elections is because the statehood varies from one year to another.
Regarding the check post, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni said that the reason why the union took this step was after they witnessed the malfunctioning of the check post. Infiltration Check Gate of the Government at Byrnihhat.
This report should encourage us to take action on issues that affect the lives, income, health and development projects that improve the lives of the citizens.
He said that regarding the Sohra road, the government intends to turn it into a National Highway from Umtyngar to Shella and he hopes that the Indian government will listen to the suggestion of the state government.
When the police arrived at the scene, they immediately took away the suspect, to avoid being caught by the rawon.
Harry, who saw her heartbreak, hugged his beloved as soon as he saw her in a dress, saying, “You are really beautiful and I miss you so much. ".
The KSU said that the arrest of the KSU leader is a milestone to strengthen our fight against the Corona virus which the government and the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District have failed to curb. They only allow foreigners to enter and leave the District at will.
“This policy is harmful to the students and therefore I urge the state government to suspend the implementation and should also consult with the students including the State Education Policy Commission to review the policy. the disadvantages and benefits of implementing this policy,” he said.
These leaders, when they arrested these foreigners and after finding that they did not have proper documents, they deported these foreigners.
What we see here is that during the time of Israel's fall, there was again God's reconciliation with the Gentiles.
Nongstoin, November 16: The West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (WKHDBA) has announced that the 2023 Inter Office Badminton Tournament 2023 will be held on Thursday. The PWD-I team has been elected, while the PHE-A has been elected.
In 2009 he was appointed as the Procurator of Jowai District until
“We urge you as the head of this factory to take personal responsibility for the payment of the salaries of the workers and to ensure that this factory will be operational as soon as possible,” said the Seng Kynthei.
But why don't the leaders look at this need?
The reason why the RBYF chief issued these remarks was after he saw that there were members of the RBYF in different villages, who were trying to find reasons. to the Rangbah Shnong and Nongialam Shnong, where many of such organizations often blame the village leaders, through the implementation of the MNREGS scheme, as it is a central government scheme and a large amount of money, for helping communities.
The house was completely destroyed in the incident and police are conducting investigation to arrest the robbers.
Once a person has acquired knowledge it has become a tool in his life to face problems.
What is surprising is that some of them work for only a few days, the money enters their bank accounts in the tens of thousands and after withdrawing this money, only the highest salary is paid. He was appointed as the Sordar and VEC Secretary.
“If the residents of Mawlynnong have been able to earn a reputation through the cleanliness that has been seen even in the world, how much easier will it be for us to do that to clean up the villages and townships. around the villages”, he said and to do that requires the responsibility and especially the cooperation of every resident from the youngest to the oldest.
“Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his” Romans 8:9
Nongstoiñ, Lber 08: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, in a statement issued today, said that the Government has directed all the boards/corporations to They can apply for jobs at the Employment Exchange if they wish to apply for contract jobs in any vacancies.
We have asked the minister to take action against those factories which do not pay electricity bill and punish them according to the law,” said Arju.
Primrose Lawat opened the scoring for Malki in the 12th minute and Alem Khongwir in the 61st minute.
Even the portrait of Sarbananda Sonowal, the Chief Minister of the state, which was beautifully dressed, was destroyed by the protesters, the report said.
Why seven months?, I think you are wrong Bah Shylla, in fact it is only four months, because after that you don't have the strength to speak and shout around.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, along with eight opposition leaders, have sent a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi strongly condemning Sisodia's arrest.
“There were many promises but no action in the past, the sick suffered without proper treatment, the poor households suffered because of the money they didn't have. In 2018, after the formation of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP, the decision was taken to send them for treatment because there is not enough treatment in the government hospitals,” said James. to bring about change and we have also decided to put health as a priority because this is the most important not only for those who are well but for all including the poor.
Where will our Khasi women flee? There are still ways to protect the nation from the extinction.
“It is also a pleasure for the Association to have the opportunity to set up a Traditional Healing Clinic at Pahamsyiem and the aim is to preserve the traditional medicine which is the traditional medicine led by our ancestors. said Mr. Manih.
Speaking to media, James said that since Vincent H Pala took over as president of the MPCC, there has been a lot of fighting and discrimination against some people. MLAs and party office bearers.
On this basis, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah II said that the government will call for talks with them after the Budget Session as the matter has to be resolved as soon as possible as directed by the court.
Others mocked, saying, They have filled new wine.
He said the work was awarded in November 2009, and the completion on time should be within 30 months from the date of commissioning.
During the meeting, there was a heated debate in which the youths sought clarification on many provisions of the Bill and in one voice, they expressed their strong opposition to the Bill.
Other prominent actors and comedians who have taken part in this film are –.
The project was funded by the North Eastern Council (NEC) for T.40 lakh but was supplemented by the Dorbar Shnong for T.11.18 lakh. up to T.51.18 lakh.
The earthquake caused a huge loss to Chemphang Lamare.
He said that the State of Pakistan and the Pakistani Armed Forces will remember and honor those who died for the sake of the country and Pakistan will take responsibility for the families of All these soldiers who have died will be remembered forever.
“We want health and we need clean air and we don't need these factories which affect our health and pollute our environment,” said Shitlang Pale. Speaking to reporters, Ma Rieweh Kupar Sutnga said that about 39 coke factories are illegal. .7 factories have received CTO to produce coal and 12-13 factories have received only CTE to build factories.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya government has announced that the state government employees will receive their salaries as they should and this announcement will not affect other government employees. the state.
They include Barbith M. Sangma, who is also the winner in the Below-18 category from Garo Hills and Advitiya AG, a student of Army Public School. Shillong where he came first in the Under-0
This child is a resident of Mawlai.
Prabhat Dandotiya, Expert Observer, has been appointed by the Election Commission of India (ECI) to oversee the General Election in Meghalaya. The Legislative Assembly has arrived in Mawkyrwat and will be held at the Circuit House from 12 noon to 1 pm.
The arrested person has not been identified and there is no group responsible for the incident.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa congratulated HANM for organizing this game which will give a strong mind, a healthy body and freedom from many evils.
The commemoration was held on the occasion of the victory of Operation Vijay, which was launched to fight the Pakistani invasion of Kargil, but the Indian troops fought until victory.
These figures are as of October 31, 2023.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The celebration of Youth and Youth Sunday by the youth services of the KJP Synod Sepngi will start in a statement. from 29th January 2016 to 4th November 2016.
Lajong scored the first goal for Guwahati in the first half through Parvaj Bhuiya's goal in the 45+1 minutes.
However, at the same time, Bah Harbinson said that as the party, he is ready to hold talks with the Rangbah Shnong on this issue as he has stated in the media.
In the HSSLC, nine candidates came in the 2nd Division and three in the 3rd Division.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday arrested a drug dealer and seized a large quantity of heroin weighing 10.16 kg and worth T. 15 crore.
This is the completion of the ritual of Siem Khlam and Blei Ram Shyllong as a sign of thanksgiving to these Blei to drive away the diseases so that the children of Seiñ Raij Mukhla will receive the blessings of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla. Waheh Sari and Standbyme Sari concluded the statement.
“I don't need to explain what we said in the last Assembly, you people have seen it in the media,” he said. misleading or fraudulent activities.
Guwahati: Pragya Singh Thakur, the BJP candidate from Bhopal in Madhya Pradesh, said in recent days that if the BJP comes back to power in the government in Delhi, thus, it will completely ban the consumption of beef in the North East and also in the West as well, including Goa.
However, my support for Bah Ardent does not mean that I have joined the VPP, but I have come for the benefit of the people,” he said.
In the meeting chaired by Bah Disislion Mylliem, there were two candidates, Bah Philip Mylliem, who is the Sordar and then Bah Aibor Warbah.
The first group was divided into the construction of the house, water supply and electricity supply, the second group was divided into the construction of the auditorium and the Principal's residence besides water supply and electricity supply. was divided into the construction of the library and archive and the women's quarters in addition to water supply and electricity supply, the fourth group was divided into the construction of the men's quarters in addition to water supply and electricity supply. The fourth group was divided into the construction of the HOD and the teachers' quarters including the distribution of water and the installation of electricity.
Speaking to reporters, the President of HYC Raid Nongtung Circle, Bah H Suting said, “The Prime Minister has a lot of time to visit the bird festival in Sailyndong but he doesn't have time to visit the bird festival. Block 2: 10 people have been arrested in Assam.
“Rajnath already knew what we wanted to talk about and as soon as we met he said he knew everything and he had already talked to the Prime Minister about it. “We are confident that they will do something about our demand, we will continue to monitor in the coming days until it is fulfilled,” said Babu Nonglait.
Jeffery Surong scored a hat-trick in the 31st, 45th and 56th minutes.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hek said that if the case registered in Meghalaya still requires a CBI investigation from the Central Government, it shows the lack of action of the State Government. I don't have a President Rule in the state.
There is no longer any surprise about the death of thousands of people.
These health experts tell us that cinnamon has healing powers.
The Meghalaya State Karate Do Federation (MSKDF) has selected 21 Karate players to take part in the 17th Independence Cup International Karate Championship to be held at Talkatora Indoor Stadium, New Delhi from today. to 13th of this month.
The summons of Bah Donlang Nongbri comes more than a day after the President of the party, Bah Louis Dohtdong, was summoned by the Lumdiengjri Police Station on the allegation that the Secretariat was a crematorium. who cooked.
: The Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Dr P. Battacharya, today said that the nurse who tested positive for Covid-19 was not infected with the BSF soldier who tested positive for Covid-1
Shillong, November 16: The Dorbar of Raid and Village Authorities of Mawhati and Ri-Bhoi District today met at Mawhati Jatah Village, Ri-Bhoi District to protest against the The Assam Government has decided to extend the Umiam River to Lamalong area which will affect other villages and to discuss the Draft Village Administration Bill 2012 prepared by the KHADC. The meeting was attended by Syiems, Basans, Lyngdohs, Rangbah Shnongs from different villages of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Youth Development Cell of the MFA, Bah Sunesh Syiem, has expressed the hope that the Meghalaya team will always be able to play well in the National Football Championship for the Dr BC Roy Trophy to be held at this city from the 28th of next month.
He said the NPP will lodge a complaint against the VPP leaders as it is up to them to take responsibility if there is any incident that disrupts the peace and order.
Thus the war against the French took place on the 4th of June,
Furthermore, during the raid, many houses were found that were destroyed and unused and filled with garbage. According to the residents of the market, it was in such houses. There are three kinds of crimes in the market areas.
In terms of income, there is a huge gap between the rich and the poor.
For Bihar, Shabbir Khan scored 61 off 74 balls including 13 fours and Meghalaya took three wickets for eight runs.
“If a man lies with a male as with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon you.
Only time will tell how the state government will get whether the MDA will come back or another one.
Then the story ends suddenly and Jesus disappears from the dining room.
Amit Shah said he is confident that through cooperation, we will be able to overcome the drug problem and reach the goal of a drug free India. the NCB and other groups who have dedicated themselves to working for the Government's goal and I hope that we will not rest until we have won the fight against drugs.
I worked all five years without rest," she said.
On the occasion, the Minister said that according to the information received, only about 10 percent of the schools affected by the teachers' strike.
Speaking to media, Prestone said, “I commend the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma for taking action on this issue by visiting the coal across the state and I don't think it's finished yet, but it's been revealed in the media; However, in fact, he should investigate until it is completed and send the report to the state government so that the government can take the necessary action.
Group B will be played between Synroplang 77 and Lumparing SC at 2:30 pm while the next match will be between Maw U-Tieng and Mawlai SC. which is also the final of the tournament at 4:15 pm.
“Therefore, we request the Chief Executive Members of the Syiem U Kmie to withdraw from this proposal to sell land to the army as it is against the customs and traditions of us Khasi.
The union strongly condemns the authorities for the negligence of the authorities to repair the road as soon as possible for the safety of the people.
The RJTA has expressed its gratitude to the JHADC and the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) for removing hundreds of tonnes of garbage which has been stuck for many months. Jowai which includes the Ladthadlaboh River and the Jowai River.
Shillong, November 8: The KSU South Khasi Hills, after seeing the loss of patriotic music, has decided to Khasi Patriotic Song Competition will be held at Sohra SJ Bosco Boys on the 21st November 2017 at 2:00 pm.
In Maredu Paka village in Ramanathapuram district, a primary school known as My Chota Primary School has been converted into a train.
Police sources said the four persons were buried in the ground which collapsed and went to the house where they lived.
The DC has sent for an inspection of the vehicle in the presence of the Executive Magistrate, Superintendent of Police, PWD engineers and the Transport Department among others.
On the other hand, Ron Malka said that Meghalaya is fortunate to take this step in the agreement with Israel in the field of agriculture.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 19 cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District. 3 cases are civilians, 2 cases are from West Garo Hills District and 1 case is from South West Garo Hills District.
In fact, Ri Bhoi District should no longer face increasing power outages, as the district has up to two power plants, but it is something that encourages the people of Ri Bhoi District. district, because although it has these power plants, but they have to face many challenges in the field of electricity, said Bah John Mawphniang.
Speaking at the pre-Christmas celebration held at Raj Bhavan, Shillong today, Governor V. Shanmuganathan said that the churches have shown their service for the welfare of the people. you're a long-lived person.
I agree that Conrad Sangma may not be enough as a human being but the question is what did the previous government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma do? Please explain.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday expressed its regret over the death of Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, former UDP MLA from Mawlai constituency. left the party this past Thursday.
Therefore, the group urged the people not to be afraid and not to be afraid to eat the meat because the meat they sell and harvest is good and clean to eat.
No one but the collector chooses to rely on the charity of his fellow villagers.
The Notification issued by the State Government states that the Expert Committee will include experts in the fields of law, society, income, census and other fields.
The construction of houses for the maintenance of this herbal medicine has been completed at a cost of T.7.77 crore, at Sohpetbneng Hill which is the land of KHADC. Teiborlang Ptahaw EM in charge of KHADC buildings, said that the KHADC wants to complete the project. The Institute is a special institution because what remains now is the construction of a well for this area, to draw water and to draw light and a few wells that have to be done.
However, at the same time, he said that he will remain in politics, even after leaving the Congress.
High fiber content in foods is an important health benefit for the blood pressure and blood vessels by increasing the presence of cholesterol.
He urged all those who attended the event to take care, protect and promote their own culture.
Abhinav said that recently a chef from Assam won the Maser Chef competition and asked that if Assam can win why can't our people? The training will include cooking Indian, Chinese and traditional dishes.
The mynder will be destroyed, the owner will be criticized forty times if he does what this mynder does.
Upon arrival at the police station at about 10 pm, a police officer named George Dkhar (2nd OC of Pynursla) arrested the leaders and members of the party. Seven persons have thrown the President, Samla Lamphrang Khonglam into the police station and beaten and shot not only with his hands, but also with sticks until he was injured,” said the President of the party. Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the SP, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that on receiving information about the incident, the union on the 25th went to the police station to investigate the incident. When I tried to ask the reason for the presence of the officer (George Dkhar), the policeman, instead of understanding the mistake, expressed his sorrow. what he does, is right.
The Department of Arts and Culture, which used to be considered as a small department, has now erected a statue of Syiem Tirot Singh inside the Library in Dhaka, Bangladesh and the Tagore Cultural Complex in the city. Shillong and many other projects,” he said.
On this day, thousands of faithful of the Church held a two kilometer march through the Laitumkhrah roads where they sang and prayed while taking part in the march. Eucharistic procession.
She has decided to contest the mid-term elections from Ranikor while at the same time, she will support the NPP candidate from South Tura.
The HNLC had issued the statement on July 1, saying that the NGT ban on coal mining has affected the jobs of the unemployed people. If the government fails to provide employment to the unemployed, the union will call for a 24 hour curfew from this evening.
This shows that there is a violence against the Dorbar of the village by the JHADC. This also shows that the JHADC does not respect the decision of the people or the Dorbar Shnong.
He said that on 24th July, 2009, the government had authorized UCIL to conduct pre-mining activities and the 442 hectare area at Nongbah Jynrin. UCIL should first get the consent of the people on this issue before mining uranium.
Only the allocation of private schemes has been completed, and roads will not be constructed.
Speaking to the employees, they said that they have expressed the need to improve the office and it is up to the office to do whatever is necessary.
The meeting also decided to hold a special prayer today at the SOSO Tham Auditorium Hall, organized by the SNSBH, which includes all the Dorbar Shnongs in the city and abroad together with the Religious Leaders at the time. 6 pm, and the Chief Minister and members of the Cabinet were also invited to attend.
In this regard, the MDA government has decided to have a strong political will to implement this project and has done so in the past three years.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to cancel the purchase and allocation of land by the Council in Mawkyrwat.
There are also villages which install various trees when the government plans to improve the road.
The team led by Bah Sumarlang Swer as Coach and Kong Rida Lyndem as Manager, will leave the state on Saturday for Delhi.
“Even Piyush Hazarika has agreed by saying that he will see what the court decides,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by Tymmen Basan Dr DRL Nonglait who is also the Editor of the Sovenir. present life through the inspiration of God through His servants.
The weakness of power is that those in power such as rulers-judges misuse it for personal gain and do not care about the people.
In Jowai, the Jowai Civil Blood Bank in collaboration with the Meghalaya Blood Bank, Shillong and State Blood Transfusion Council (JBCC) in Jowai Blood Bank, Panaliar.
The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2019 has passed and needs to get the approval of the Rajya Sabha before it becomes law. He has already banned the bill, before others wake up to protest.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Nagaland 2-0 in the U-23 Men's One-Day Trophy in Cuttack on Saturday.
It seems that our government does not take action on this.
At 11:45 pm, Tebester Thabah lodged a complaint with the police saying that he was ill and unwell. Police rushed him to the Civil Hospital where he was treated. and thy brother was Ishmael.
The 52 km road from Bondapara to Shahlang which was supposed to be constructed by the NLCPR has also been suspended.
To combat the spread of Covid-19 in the District and the State as a whole, the Dorbar Shnong Pamra Kmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District has announced the rules regarding the entry and exit of from today until further notice.
To the man who has learned and become wise, I am ready to become a leader;
“I have not yet spoken to Bah AL Hek, but when I took over as President of the state I am with the people, because it is my state and I want to have that. protection from foreign infiltration".
Nongstoiñ, Lber 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Muliang Circle, under the leadership of Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President Samla Disterborlin Waniang and Samla Shaiñborlin Syiemlieh General Secretary. On Saturday, they went to Langja village to help Heprit Isboklang Waniang, 12 years old.
On the same day, he visited Moolamylliang village which is the cleanest village in Jaintia Hills where he also planted a tree. Group.
Besides, no explanation can be obtained about these bombs.
The final part of the Behdeiñkhlam festival will be held at Aitnar, where the villagers who will take part in the festival will come with their rot ki colors decorated in various ways as a symbol of It is also part of the showcase of the talents of the children of the ñiamtre through the making of rot ki rong in various shapes and styles.
Bah Pynhun Rynghang, spokesperson of the tournament, said that only 32 teams will be accepted for the tournament. The entry fee will be T.5,0 on the 15th of this month.
The Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh dd and the faithful of the Diocese who are concerned about the COVID-19 pandemic which has spread rapidly around the world and many of its citizens India has been affected by the COVID-19 (Coronavirus) although the disease has not yet spread to Meghalaya, but the Bishop and the faithful of the Diocese have taken action. not to cooperate with the government.
He said that there has been a strong discrimination by the leaders against the people that if they are not his supporters they don't get any help.
“This shows why the state is ranked second among the poorest states in India, soon there will be a struggle for land and jobs,” he said. in Meghalaya between foreigners and locals to encourage the youth to fight against the government in any way”.
Nongpoh, July 20: Despite the heavy security in the Nongpoh area, since the KSU members raided the site under construction for the construction of the railway station at Ronghona village, this morning at Ronghona. At 2 pm, unidentified robbers threw stones and damaged five residential buildings in Pahamsyiem village, Ri Bhoi District.
The soldiers came and shot Kiang.
This was the decision of the Meghalaya High Court today on the issue of the powers of Rangbah Shnong.
So he went around and around.
“Should we as MLAs just listen or should we force the Government to look into and renew the Roster System because the future of the youth and as MLAs we have to answer to our own constituencies.
On the same day, the KSU also awarded the Maitshaphrang Academic Award 2023 to the students who have achieved success in various fields of study. to the students of the area.
Shillong, June 08: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Riwar Mihngi Circle on Friday lodged a complaint with the Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Pynursla Civil Sub Division against the ARSS Infrastructure Projects. Limited is one of the companies constructing the Shillong-Dawki road.
After July 29, Manipur was no longer like Manipur, it was divided and violence spread all over, lakhs of people lost their lives.
The night, the nier, the garbage, the pyut, the pyar of all the garbage cannot be cut down.
The distance from Gaibandha to Mahendraganj is only 20 km and only 10 km of railway line needs to be constructed.
During the inspection, it was found that the people are facing a lot of difficulties in coming and going, students who have to go to different schools, people who have to deliver their produce to the market. market and so on, which requires the government to turn its attention to the implementation of this essential road for dozens of villages in the Umden area.
However, when I wanted to build a hospital, the MDA government came and stopped me”.
This year in Jwai, the Behdeiñkhlam Festival started on the 30th June (Pynsin) and will end on the 3rd July (Muchai). The rituals from the family to the Raij of the village are performed by the Daloi, Langdoh, Langdoh, Pator, Sangot, Wasan together with the kur. to participate in various rituals and sacrifices.
The suspension is due to the outbreak of Coronavirus which has spread around the world, including in India.
Earlier, it was reported that Kong Nongrum died due to the negligence of the staff of the hospital.
The reporter has received accurate information that many of these youths especially from rural areas have been misled by agents who guide them to study abroad in this line of study but they do not know that the institutions are enough or not enough.
At the same time, Ialam Makri introduced himself as an employee of the Agency to supply Gas to M/s Ri Pnar and M/s Rymbai.
On the closing ceremony, Bah HM Shangpliang, Chief Minister of the area, was the chief guest and took part in the closing ceremony of the tournament and the celebration of the 125th Anniversary of the Church. Presbyterian February.
Nongpoh, Naitung 09: As usual every year during the rainy season, the residents of the village face difficulties in coming and going and especially the shopkeepers. 4-lane road where the rain has fallen, they have had to face flooding which has caused traffic jam especially to the shopkeepers who are most affected by the sale of woh.
According to a statement issued by the Argentine Football Federation, the chief executive of the Argentine Football Federation; Lionel Scaloni, who won the FIFA World Cup 2022 in Qatar, has signed a new contract with the club, where he will remain with the club until The World Cup will be held in
Rupang has spoken to the wife of Bah Blanding by phone and she said that he left home on the 19th of this month on Tuesday. He said that he has to stay in Shillong in the District Council because he doesn't have a job.
The 199 schools whose implementation is ongoing include 16 schools in Ghazipur, 12 schools in Ballia and Mau, 8 schools in Lucknow, 7 schools in Shahjahanpur and 6 schools in Shahjahanpur. five in Firozabad, Hapur and Meerut and five in Kanpur Nagar, Hardoi and Hathras districts.
On the other hand, the families of the victims said that in fact, they wanted to inform the police but if they do so, there will be no peace in the streets. They are afraid that what else will happen to their lives when the police leave.
All the people are urged to please hold this.
On Friday, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah AL Hek and Umsning MLA Jason Sawkmie Mawlong met with Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju.
The collapse of the well happened near the morgue, the collapse was about 50 meters away, but fortunately the collapse of the well happened in the early hours of the morning when no one was found. there has been something unfortunate.
Meghalaya will witness the decision of the people for the first time to elect MLAs to the Legislative Assembly in 2023, which will be only four months away.
Shipor was also the Vicar General of the Diocese of Nongstoin.
Besides the shops and stairs, the house of the Secretary Shnong in the name of the family members of his wife, Juhilang Shyrmang, was destroyed in the incident. too much fire.
They should not conduct any online examinations but should conduct examinations so that the students can come and write at their centers so that the students in the rural areas will not face any problems.
With this victory, Ryntih FC has earned 14 points and has moved to third place from Rangdajied United FC, tied with Langsning FC but Ryntih FC is the best in terms of goals.
Lessius Sujai was sent off for a red card for receiving two yellow cards after throwing Wansiewdor into the box.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Nongkrem Shad, which is said to be the oldest among the Hima, has ended today at Shad Smit Square, the headquarters of the Hima Khyrim which is the residence of Syiem Sad.
In the past three years, Lenovo has supported Meghalaya with technology in schools by providing more than 1500 tablets to schools, 25 laptops, and 450 smartphones along with a strategy to assist Meghshala in learning about these devices, training courses, and access to these devices.
The body of the man from Assam was first found by the residents, as he was sleeping alone inside the vehicle. , so they informed the Khanapara Police Station, to take action.
“The case is going on in Court, and it is not to comment.
This street play has focused on our activities that affect the environment; poor disposal of garbage, health impacts due to poor disposal of garbage; the problem of the use of plastic, and the collection of garbage and cleaning of the surroundings.
If a person or a believer does not trust in God in that faith in God or in the Son of God in the midst of the storms of life, that person is completely destroyed.
Israeli military reports say Israeli aircraft have struck 55 times in parts of the Gaza Strip, including Gaza military bases and training centers. of the armies of the neighboring country.
According to the rules, an appeal to the Court cannot be made without the Governor's signature that the Bill has become law and only after the Governor's signature to accept the Bill can be appealed to the Court.
Meanwhile, the BJP candidate from North-Shillong, Bah M.Kharkrang, said that he hopes to reach the goal because the people want change.
The walk started from Mawlai Museum to Golf Link, Nan Polok and ended at Catholic Cathedral, Shillong.
Hep said, “No.
Hundreds of members of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) took part in a march in Shillong on Sunday as part of the preparations for the 100th anniversary of the party in the country.
The question at hand is the MP candidates who will serve in the Lok Sabha.
The Mass Media Department of St Anthony's College, Shillong, in collaboration with the Department of Journalism and Mass Communication NEHU, on 9th October took the initiative to hold a discussion on the Meghalaya State Film Policy. .
But God says – “He that toucheth you toucheth my eyeball” says God, Zechariah 2:8
We should always wear masks when going to the market, when going to church, when going to schools or parties.
This is the most important day for us to decide which party will rule in the next five years, starting from the day of the inauguration of the new government that will emerge from this election.
It is worth mentioning that this is the last meeting of the VPP in which thousands of people came to take part in the rally. to the meeting due to the heavy traffic jam from Lad Smit to Shillong.
“During the inspection of the SICPAC, we found many shortcomings and it is not as it was said and received, so we will try to fix these shortcomings, including the amendment name of this facility"
We also don't want to have any contact between people from India and Bangladesh.
He said that so far the BJP leaders in Delhi have not sought any proposal from Meghalaya in this regard as they may be waiting after the MLA elections in the four states.
The office of this Sub-Division will be located at Patharkhmah and will start operating from 24th November,
He said that he had already filed a complaint against the woman on the grounds that she had threatened to kill him, but the complaint was withdrawn after an understanding between the two. they.
“We overcame all those obstacles, we are now a full-fledged state party and we have won the challenge to the government and more importantly, we have been able to defeat the power of money," “No one expects to win up to 4 candidates from the VPP and the experts have failed in their predictions, many political parties have failed in their predictions. He said that the party had only one month to prepare for the last elections but despite the short time, the VPP has done well.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The State Police have raided Assam in the past few days to search for those involved in the smuggling of coal from Meghalaya to Assam.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) West Jaintia Zone on Tuesday morning expelled 22 Dkhars or foreigners who were road workers of Dhar Company.
The campaign started from Bakur Market, Dawki, followed by Nongtalang, Umladkhur and Demthring.
Although the UDP has won, the UDP will not be willing to withdraw from the MDA 2.0 Government, that is, to immediately withdraw its support to the MDA 2.0 Government, led by The NPP. The UDP, which has only 12 MLAs, is afraid that it will be removed from the MDA Government
We request the public not to post inappropriate videos in the Telegram group of the synjuk.
Due to the initiative of various groups especially the KSU to strongly oppose the signboard erection, the work has been suspended.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the chairperson of the committee, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that after discussion, the duty of the committee is to send back the report to the government.
Therefore, O Hynniew-Trep, be surprised and wise to elect your leaders and not the auctioneers.
“We are the children of Bri u Hynniewtrep, we take part in giving our right hand, our left hand and we rely on these elders to carry out the work.
The Congress candidate was defeated from Umroi and Nartiang led by Ngaitlang Dhar and Sniawbhalang Dha against Pala.
Rymbui said that during the investigation, another person was found involved in the incident. to this one.
“This proposal to improve the stadium came after the promise by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to allocate T.25 crore at the closing ceremony of the Jubilee Celebration of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
“At the CEC meeting, we discussed eight issues on the Reservation Policy and Roster System. “It's not just other groups who want to look into it, we have also decided to send our opinion,” he said.
The report came after examining the certificates sent by 142 candidates out of 143 candidates for the Assembly elections.
About 260 athletes from seven states of the North East are expected to participate.
Defense Minister James K Sangma, who is also the Dadenggre MLA, left Shillong to meet the refugees on receiving information about the incident.
Malki, who had not scored in three games, finally scored through Tamu in the last minute before the end of the first half.
The experts who came to explain the benefits of milk were Kong Mebel Shylla, Senior Dairy Officer, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary. Department, Directorate of Dairy Development, West Jaintia Hills and Bah E Wann, Dairy Technology, Directorate of Dairy Development, West Jaintia Hills.
During the inspection, the EE promised to take care of this issue as soon as possible and later the staff will be sent to do whatever is necessary for the benefit of the people.
Four earthquakes in a day have once again shaken Nepal and its people who have been sleeping on the ground for two months.
Process T Sawkmie, who has confirmed that he will contest from the United Democratic Party (UDP) in 2023, will join the party in November or November.
The actions of the Assam government seem to have an intention to harass the Christians and to destroy them during these important religious occasions known as Christmas.
Furthermore, People With Disabilities (PWD) have been included in the electoral roll which at present numbers 7478 people. There is also Form 12D to vote at home.
The festival showcases the traditional dances of Ri Bhoi District including the Tong Dohkha Dance, Dhad Dohmahee, Death Dance, Rah Women's Dance, Shud Wait Dance, Lukhmi Dance, Suk Mynsiem Dance, Pliang Dance. , Dung Khuner Dance, Lengkhon Dance, Sokgra Dance, Kynrup Khla Dance and many others.
Violet Rose Talang, JRDO, who gave a short speech on the occasion, congratulated the residents of the village for their hard work and urged them to the public that they should not need this building in the right way.
The service was concluded by the Pastor who was the elder of the church.
These three men were hanging over this girl.
Police said that the cylinder was found by an elderly man who claimed to be his cylinder and put the cylinder in the bag of his friend while he was leaving. The man is employed by the Veterinary Department and the gas cylinder is used by the cow farmers.
Little Star English Medium Secondary School also won the final of the Under 17 boys category by beating Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School by 10 goals to nil.
He said that before 1971, many agreements were signed with the Indian government to accept people who stayed before that year and after that year, they could no longer be accepted in the East.
“Therefore, we have decided that in order to ensure that the explanations contain all the concerns, a committee has been set up headed by the Minister and will be allowed to seek explanations and provide further suggestions. “I don't know how they suggest or suggest that we should play chess,” he said.
Before the march, at 10.00 pm, a meeting will be held at Dinam Hall Jaiaw, where there will also be a prayer for the strengthening of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep. Diman Hall to Laidong Monastery near the Soso Tham Auditorium Hall and here the ceremony will be held.
The match was very interesting and fierce for both sides but finally Langsning managed to secure the victory after Lhuid scored the second and third goals for the team which was defeated by 3-1 col.
Father John Mathias R Marak, heard of the incident and immediately called out and when the robbers saw that they had started gathering people, they fled the scene.
He said that his brother is seriously ill and is currently unconscious and is undergoing treatment at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 23: Thousands of supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today took to the streets at a road show organized by the United Democratic Party (UDP) to support the election of Bah Mayral Born Syiem, UDP candidate from Nongpoh. Constituency in this election.
“The decision of the Prime Minister has changed the face of the country and the introduction of 1000 and 500 notes has benefited those who earn honestly and punished those who cheat,” he said.
These provisions are: The prohibition on foreigners to purchase land whether Tribal or Non Tribal under Section 7 of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act due to the existence of Meghalaya Land The Transfer Act should prohibit foreign tribals from purchasing land by removing them from the list in the ST Order
The tournament will be held from 23 – 27 July
The President of JIMA, who was awarded the degree of Doctor by Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), said that the JIMA has made an effort to work with the students in the field of Pharmacognosy who are currently among them; research on the plants we use to make medicines.
However, in the 70th minute, Smit had another chance to score until Lawsohtun couldn't turn the tide.
“Bahnah, you are ready to leave, I have come to meet you.
He said that the completion of the bridge will bless not only the residents and farmers but will also benefit the residents in terms of tourism.
The letter was signed by KHNAM Youth Wing President Lamphrang Nongbri Passah and KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah.
Fire and water have a very close relationship and if one is missing, both are broken together.
In order to continue to contribute for Swachh Bharat, the Wokha Town Council has selected students to disseminate information to the public.
Commander Shangpliang requested and informed the Government to lift the curfew so that the trade can run smoothly.
However, another child was suffering from a serious illness, until it had spread all over his body, until he was terrified of the pain of his stomach which was about to burst.
Shillong, Lber 23: The National People's Party (NPP) Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that there has been a strong understanding between the parties working within the National Democratic Alliance (NDA). to support the NDA candidates in the Lok Sabha MP elections.
“The first priority is the road, and others and we will see after the needs have been met because they are many for the benefit of the poor people,” he said.
" I said this in a stronger voice.
Speech was delivered by former MLA Remington Pyngrope, who urged the people not to elect an MP by smile because they don't hear the song or there is no smile.
He said that the C&RD Block is the most important to provide services to the people in the development and various schemes in Meghalaya, therefore it is very important to make it easier for the people to reach the Block Offices in all the rural areas of the State.
On the other hand, I am pleased that they are also busy and difficult to meet,” said Bah Martle.
Finally, I request our MLA to take action on this issue.
The Anti Narcotics Task Forces (ANTF) under the leadership of SDPA Sardar Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said,"we received the information about the arrival of these drugs through hired vehicles drivers “The police laid a trap at Mawryngkneng around 12a.
Guwahati has been hit by the internet shutdown.
It is on this basis that the leaders of the village patrol have summoned the suspect.
The people of Lyngngam have now begun to pray for food from God.
Aizawl: The Mizo National Front (MIF) government in Mizoram has issued a rule that government employees should wear traditional clothes when going to work at least once a day.
Vitamin B12, which can be found in vegetables, is essential for the proper functioning of the brain.
The meeting was chaired by Bah DP Wanniang President HSPDP Ri Muliang Zone. It was also attended by Bah KP Wanniang President, Sordars, Elders and office bearers from the Primary Units of the zone.
These documents were dropped while riding a taxi from Ladthadlaboh to Stand Shillong in Jowai.
The vehicles include two Swift Dzire (AS-11-H-4322), ML-08/D-1916 and a Renault Kwid. number.
ALBINUS LAMURONG (PDF) – 972.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The powers of the Autonomous District Council (ADC) have been increasingly weakened with the passing of the days due to politics and the state of the Constitution.
“After the meeting we hope to get an appropriate response by increasing the allocation of funds from the ADB project.
The Auraa Designer Wear Showroom in Mihmyntdu sells a variety of clothes for different seasons from children, young women and men.
Shillong: The Shillong Police Department for the first time has held an encouraging meeting by distributing application letters to the newly recruited police officers at a meeting held at the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts. and Culture.
He returned to action in November after Nathan Jones left Luton, and Edwards has now been able to bring back that great journey at Luton.
These five groups are volunteers to organize various programs for students, youth and the public.
In this match, Bah Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh, Head Coach of the team, made changes only in two areas of the players.
He expressed confidence that by 2047, India will be the world's leader in all aspects and the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for 'Atmanirbhar Bharat' will come true.
After the study, the government will call for further talks with the political parties.
Not all students should feel alone, but parents, teachers and the community, have to work together to overcome exam anxiety or fear, encourage students and give you are welcome.
He explained that he did not understand that he was a private limited company and that he was not a public sector owner of the government.
The distribution of AAY rice will be 5 kilos per head (no fee) and PHH rice will be 5 kilos per head (no fee).
Secretariat scored 156 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs.
The country, which is the host country of the tournament, has now announced that it may withdraw from the tournament which will be held in November. u year.
Students are requested to submit their names along with the marksheet where he will award the winners according to the percentage of SSLC – 80% and above, HSSLC – 70% and above, Post Graduate -60%. shaneng and those who passed Ph.
He said that the HSPDP urgently needs its fellow citizens to fight against all the issues, come now to give their opinion and cooperate before it is too late, because the party does not want to do politics or take advantage in terms of interests. of the people.
It took more than 36 hours for MeECL employees to repair and restore electricity to the residents.
The arrested were Utpal Bhuyan, Barnali Das, Susovan Das, Dhruvojyoti Chakraboty, Manzoor Ilahi Laskar, Moon Mazoomdar, Mustafa Ahmed Borburban, Md Saibur Rahman Borburbarn, Monika Teronpi, Ganesh Chandra Das, Gu Phupta, Deronpi, Sebanti. by Leena Krishna Central.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Sashan Khongthohrem, Director of Asorphi Academy who was the chief guest. and to become leaders and office bearers who will shape the future of the region and the nation as a whole.
We cannot forget the collapse of the dome of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang last year.
Justine Hadia won the Best Player award, Ïaidon Warlarpih won the Best Goalkeeper award and Nevielle Majaw won the Top Scorer award.
“I was at the Secretariat and I knew all about it. At that time KP Pangniang, Witting Mawsor were not MLAs and LG was not MDCs,” he said.
In the 2016 mid-term elections after the death of Purno, the Congress had nominated Dr. Mukul Sangma's wife Dikanchi D Shira but she too was defeated by Conrad.
Sanjay Mishra has arrived in Shillong to attend the MeFilMA Film Festival at the Soso Tham Auditorium from the 14th to 2013 which ended on Saturday.
He said India's TB eradication program also encourages public participation.
Shillong, Naitung 18 : A group of political parties from Garo Hills including GSU, FAF, FKJGP and AIGU have staged a protest against the MeECL in East Garo Hills after the department failed to respond to their request. days that the organizations have given time in connection with the increasing power outages in the area.
The next day, a report appeared in the newspapers about the doctor's behavior which angered him by lodging a complaint with the police in Amlarem and the police arrested the engineer and after a while. Hours later, they were released after the doctor withdrew the FIR and promised to make peace with both the cases.
L Paliar, Vice President of the CEC, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar, Bah Moon, Secretary Shnong in the presence of the owners of the house, Streamlet Kharbhih, the owner of the land donated for the construction of the house. .
A person who loves agriculture and is still involved in it is healthier and mentally stronger because the saying of the wise says “A sound body in a sound mind”.
He said that after that visit, the JAC leaders were summoned by the police at Mawsynram Police Station where they went today, March 11, 2022 and found that there was a The Syiem has lodged a complaint against the three leaders who gave speeches on 19th November, 2022 and has charged them under Section 41(a) CrPC. The JAC in one voice expresses its condemnation of this action of the Syiem and also this action of the Syiem is also intended to intimidate them.
The food assistance is one of the smallest assistance that I can help them at this time and I will fight as much as I can and in any way I will help those who need assistance at such times. times so that we can overcome this disease that has come to our country.
“If the foundations of the righteous be broken down, what shall they do?” (Ps. 11:3).
The 17 constituencies that the UDP has won are from Khliehriat, Amlarem, Jowai, Raliang and Nartiang.
Shillong: The Congress party, which sits in the opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has passed a resolution to remove Bah Metbah Lyngdoh from the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Dr Mukul Sangma. The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly said that the Congress party's no confidence motion against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly is not for personal reasons, but the resolution was brought for the benefit of the people of the state as a whole; However, on 14th November 2021, the Congress party announced that it has withdrawn the no confidence motion against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
He also recalled the report of the committee headed by Justice RN Mishra which has not been made public yet.
In an article entitled, The Role of Women in the Youth Movement in Meghalaya (1995), it is stated as follows.
If it is really bad, like a fever for two days, there is no world anymore, but if it is a chronic illness, a long-term illness, therefore there is no need for emergency medicine.
However, the High Court said the government should not give reasons to provide the necessary facilities to monitor vehicles carrying overloaded vehicles especially considering the cost of construction of roads and others.
Fourteen people were injured in a bomb blast in front of a supermarket in Guwahati.
Head of rhythm 21; Security forces including the Meghalaya Police and Central Agencies today held a Flag March in Khliehriat Constituency, East Jaintia Hills, to encourage the voters to turn out to cast their votes. in the MLA elections to be held on 27th June.
The President of HITO was more than the UDP MLAs because they too during the election campaign had promised to put forward the Reservation Policy.
Therefore, the union said that this is not enough but it will look into it carefully and will follow up on this issue so that it will not cause any more problems to the employees of this office and also The people who went to need the bara babu because as usual, it has caused a lot of trouble and delayed all their work.
It is to be recalled that at 6:00 pm on the 22nd of November 2020, a jeep which was on its way to Nongstoin, collided with the Tinhiang River. It happened in the village of Warsan Lyngdoh.
Earlier, former MLA Manas Chaudhuri praised the school for its contribution to the development of education and society.
Meanwhile, the Chairman of the Society, Bah WR Marbaniang, a former IPS, urged the members to be ready to face the challenges.
However, this system of giving birth has destroyed, destroyed the uniqueness of our Khasi, because the Khasi is no longer a unique Khasi, why do I say this, because the Negro, the French, the Dkhar, the Chinese and other ethnic groups of the world who came to live in Meghalaya say that they are Khasi because they were born to Khasi mothers (Negro, French, Dkhar, Chinese and others). and they have the race of their mother and are Khasi while their physical appearance does not match that of the Khasi.
“Sangma said the Prime Minister has expressed the need to connect all the capitals of the states by rail, so that it will increase income and benefit the country as a whole.
She said that according to the survey in 2007, up to 53% of children were raped and 21% of women were raped and this crime has increased.
Ms. Jobly Dkhar, who was the chief guest, in her speech, expressed her gratitude to God and congratulated all those involved in organizing this Bible Convention and prayer for the sick. those who are sick shall be healed.
"On the other hand, it is also a way to encourage the young players that through the U-21 Act which requires clubs to include one player in the team under the age of you are old enough to participate.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Fedrict Kharkongor congratulated the Raid Nongpoh for taking this opportunity to revive the Sajer festival which is part of the preservation of the Sajer festival. The customs and traditions and the uniqueness of the children of thousands in the customs and traditions that we need to preserve so that the nation does not die.
Before the rally, the Seng also held a rally by vehicles from Sohpian village to the venue in the presence of leading leaders. HYC Sengkmie.
Shillong, November 14: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills on Friday issued an order to allocate space to IAS officers. under Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cr.
This is also a warning to all the members of the Mawkhar Church, I would like to say to them, “Dear brothers and sisters in the Lord, it doesn't make sense for you to cry in the church night service as it was written in the newspaper. tip this message".
Ïewrynghep SS, Mawnianglah have reached the final after beating Spring Time Secondary School, Sadew 3-0 in the semifinal on Friday.
Kumar announced that he will leave for Delhi next month to meet various political leaders to form an anti-BJP group in the country.
Former MLA and MDC of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the joining of Bah HM Shangpliang, MLA from Mawsynram constituency, NPP will be a blessing to Bah Alvin Sawkmie.
He said that if he gets the ticket, he will not be able to say anything because it is up to his party to give or not to give.
The donation ceremony was led by Haunie Rymbui, President, Chesterfield Dkhar Treasurer, Wandy Tariang and other members of the Motorsports Club.
Foreign travelers from India, even if they have been injected with Covishield, will not be allowed to enter Europe or the European Union's 'Green Pass' will not work. from 1st May 2021.
At this meeting, the UDP will also announce its decision to support the NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma in the mid-term elections from Tura to be held on 16th June.
The party through its General Secretary said that it will continue to monitor these issues promised by many parties during the elections and the party will also take steps to remind the new government in the coming days. to come upon the issues still unresolved.
Furthermore, what has become clear in this regard is that the government uses schools to enrich its programs when receiving officials or holding sports or various programs and so on.
Pay Scale:- Level 12th of Revised Pay Structure.
The kseh mountains, on the other hand, cannot break or reduce the strength of the storms because of their stability and cleanliness.
At the same time, he said that after the results of the elections on 2nd October, he and other like-minded parties had tried to form a single government, but this failed. .
Haryana has reported 2,783 new cases and 24 deaths, bringing the total number of cases to 90,000 and 956 deaths. die.
I am very happy that we have been able to open this today,” said Conrad.
He urged the people and especially the village authorities to encourage to cooperate with the health workers, not to look down on them, who have dedicated their body and soul to serve.
And most of the time a person prays that he will become rich.
The meeting was attended by representatives from NIMHANS, Social Welfare and Police.
Two political party leaders in the state, NPP President Conrad K Sangma and BJP State President Ernest Mawrie, have strongly criticized the government. Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Kirti Azad has criticized the Khasi traditional dress worn by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his visit to Shillong on November
The children are very happy.
Speaking to reporters on Monday evening, the leaders of the Sur ki Nongwest said that the efforts of the leaders to campaign and ask for financial support have been successful, but so far the results are still too low.
The union immediately informed the infiltration police about these foreign workers, who were arrested by the police and ordered to be returned to Assam immediately.
It is also worth mentioning that the number of schools in these days, can be a problem for the teachers where they do not receive adequate salary, the lack of timely payment but among these problems although those who take responsibility (such as leaders or government ministers) who are in power to look after are also few, but as teachers they have not hesitated to provide good education to the students .
The Supreme Court has discussed the decision of the High Court that the works needed by the people have been suspended due to the inability to expand the airport. pay T.25,70,80,258/- which is 80% of the amount to be paid to the land owners, at the rate of T.115 per square foot, besides other payments to the council. Patricia Nongsiej.
Sangma was speaking when he accompanied Pyniaid Singh Syiem and Lamphrang Blah, who went to file their nomination papers for the mid-term elections.
The Bible teaches us unconditional love; Remember that God loves us human beings unconditionally and commands or expects us to love Him and our fellow human beings unconditionally.
Shillong: The DC's office has announced to re-impose a night curfew from the 18th to the 25th of this month as part of the efforts to curb the spread of corona virus in the state, especially in East Khasi Hills. July 2020 from 7 pm to 6 pm in East Khasi Hills, Sohra and Pynursla.
If you promise to give me a bed, that I may sleep in your house, and that my husband may give birth to a son in your bed, then I will go and kill the rakot myself.
Shillong: The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is still examining the Lokyukta after it has been delayed in its implementation, as the chairman who has been appointed has not been able to take over.
All interested groups or citizens should submit letters to this committee.
The office bearers were renewed at the Annual General Meeting held on 7th July at the Community Hall of Sohkha Village in the presence of the Daloi of Nongtalang District, Ma Chui Lamin Ponlynjar.
If they spread garbage in the village, they are the ones who have a high reputation,” said Chauhan.
Their children do not get jobs in the government (State Government or Central Government) because they have been invaded by other ethnic groups. , the Iewduh is the Khasi market, now who is paid? He lives in a foreign state in Bangladesh.
“The Vice-President also said that no foreign power should be allowed to affect the sovereignty and dignity of the country.
The President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), Bah KP Pangniang, on Tuesday said that if the party's demand for the separation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo states is successful, the talks will be held. you don't have any more.
He also visited the Farmers Development Center FDC of the village which was recently opened.
Madanryting SC beat Summit Academy 5-0 while Kick Start FT Academy beat Mylliem Grass Root 4-1
For the year 2020-21, an additional T.2,50,00,000 crore has been allocated and for the year 2021-22, the Government has allocated an additional T.53,00,00,000 crore.
The coach of the team, Bah Bobby L.Nongbet, won the Best Coach award.
Opposition parties say Muslim and non-Muslim women are forced to wear the hijab in some parts of the country with a population of about 270 million. shnong, where in 2021, there was an order to close down those schools which impose restrictions on students in such ways.
Shillong:Ka Seng Samla Shnong Kongwang, as a sign of encouraging the youth to continue their studies, has honored the students of the village who have passed the SSLC examination this year. 2013 to 2020 on the 9th July, 2020 at the Community Hall of Kongwang.
In his speech, Singh said that the Act aims to allow minority foreigners, who belong to different religious beliefs, to migrate to India and said that these foreigners, will not stay in India. It will not only work in the North East, but will work in India as a whole.
Shillong: There have been 34 new cases of covid-19 in the state today and East Khasi Hills has 19 cases, including 17 civilians.
Bardoloi wrote on his social media page to express his deep sorrow and said, “Thank you to you AGP exploiters, you have shown your false leadership on the basis of of your feelings of belonging.
:The Ri-Bhoi District Badminton Association (RBDBA) is preparing to hold an Open to All Badminton Tournament.
Meghalaya has been declared as the state with the best project.
Also present on the occasion were Monu M.Aareng, father of the child, Rikomoni Marak, President of Garo Women's Association in Ri Bhoi and others.
According to a complaint filed by Bah Phrangki Siangshai, brother of (L) The Siangshai, who lodged a complaint at the Women Police Station Khliehriat, he said that he has received information about the murder of his sister. At about 3 pm this morning, they immediately went to the house of their sister and found that their sister The Siangshai was dead.
You are not dead, but you are a martyr.
Other major projects completed in the past five years include the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts (SICPAC), the Shillong IT Park and the Shillong-Diengpasoh Road.
Matthew 15:6.
"The blessings that come from the worship of the candidate should not be deceived by themselves.
“This is a terrible bond for the nation, it is a chain that we cannot break anymore,” said Bah Latiplang.
I would also like to urge the new EC to do the same and to investigate by itself to find out the reason from the beginning because there are places where there are no more Khasi who are engaged in trade.
The first half and second half ended without scoring a goal, and the game was taken to extra time. Krem Myrsiang scored the first goal and won the title.
She was rushed to NEIGRIHMS, but doctors said she died before reaching the hospital.
We say that they are corrupt – this also shows our own character.
In many places, dead wood is not used except for the bagasse that remains from the wood after the wood has been drained.
Among those arrested, Paul and Reang were the ones who tried to break in and rape the woman, while others were arrested for blocking the police from entering the house.
The MLA demanded that the government should not send more troops to the area to protect the people.
Shillong, Iaiong 9 : Former MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that the government should consider carefully before taking a decision. It should invite all the MLAs, Seng Bhalang, Riew Leaders and all those involved to discuss thoroughly before taking a decision that can be accepted and approved by all.
It is understood that the disease affects the hearing and partially kills part of the neck and it is said that the disease is temporary, but can last a long time.
The program will be held on the 19th of this month from 10 am at the Community Hall of Mawkhar.
Women and mothers are often involved in these groups to work together to develop marketing and income generating tools for the Group and that can meet the needs of these members. who fill the house with this work.
We will continue to play like that in this tournament,” said the former player.
“The recognition of the MPF has been announced by the Assembly,” he said.
The NEC has already started funding, if the implementation starts, it will be a help for us,” Sangma said.
In his reply, the Chief Minister also recalled the meeting he had convened on 4th October, 2015 where he said that he had invited the Chief Executive Members of the state and also the Leaders of various political parties to discuss the dismissal of Rangbah Shnongs in the Meghalaya High Court on 10th November, 2014 and what measures will be taken to empower them by law.
The next district is West Jaintia Hills with nine medals including three gold, three silver and three bronze.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya High Court has issued an interim order ban ban the Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) from holding the Dorbar following a petition filed by Awhai Andrew Shullai against the State Government and others. You are the Chairman of the council.
As the investigation by the Magistrate is ongoing, there should be an investigation into the KSU's demand and we will see whether the findings of the Magistrate are in line with the demand. Em and this issue has been raised by the KSU and if it is found that those who shot people, those who bombed vehicles, have escaped safely, it shows that it is not only a transfer, but the policeman and others involved in the smuggling of these robbers to Jorabat, should be punished according to the rules of law.
Three days before calving, the pig should be fed a soft diet to prevent constipation and the diet should be reduced to half the usual amount.
Now many of them have to leave and come back to work as permanent workers, but most of them are from outside the state.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that these people who join the political parties are those who have leadership, then they join the youth organizations, the village councils and then they enter politics.
It is learned that the security forces of the Forest Department initially ordered the robbers to come and arrest them, but they refused to order and this caused a fight. a terrible bullet between them.
Initially, we must first eradicate the criminalization of politics which seems to be a bloodbath in our rural constituencies.
Since the total lockdown was imposed across India, all schools have been facing difficulties in the field of education how to fulfill their duties as there is no other way to prevent the spread of the disease.
Therefore, in this shruhpud, the youngsters who belong to this group used to measure with a stick or a stick the area of ​​the land they cultivate in each or every member of the group. within that group where they work from day to day until they all have an equal share.
Shillong, July 05 : U Congress Leader and MDC of Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he is surprised to see that the national parties have been praising the MDA government for more than four years. elections have begun.
The driver of the truck was unable to walk on his own as he had lost blood in his legs, arms and body and was led by people who came to accompany him to the Civil Hospital. .
At the same time, the JSU said that it is continuing to investigate other departments (Training Trade) which send youths through the DIC whether the youths are registered.
Rishot Thubru, Vice President Raplang Phira, General Secretary Grecorius Pyrtuh, Publicity Secretary Peter Dkhar, Publicity Secretary Dashem War were elected as the president. and the Advisers include L Lyngdoh, C Thubru and L Siangshai.
In this incident, ULFA-I has admitted that it was involved in the shooting at the army.
“According to the Director of Agriculture, Silda Kharsati, there are 57 villages in Mylliem Block, villages from Mawphlang Block, 156 villages from Pynursla Block, 65 villages from Mawryngkneng, 94 villages from Laitkroh Block, 24 villages from Mawpat Block, 132 villages from Bhoirymbong Block, 164 villages from Umsning Block, 112 villages from Jirang Block, 160 villages from Mairang Block , 104 villages from Mawthadraishan Block, 250 villages from Nongstoiñ Block, 158 villages from Mawkyrwat Block, 126 villages from Thadlaskeiñ Block, 99 villages from Laskeiñ Block, 97 villages from Amlarem Block, 124 villages from Betasing Block, 142 villages from Damal Block villages from Zikzak Block, 40 villages from Demdema Block and 16 villages from Tikrikilla Block.
The Chief Minister said that the search for contacts of the positive cases at NEIGRIHMS hospital is ongoing.
The rally will be inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya on 9th June
Preparations for the celebration of this great day of the school are in progress.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah HS Shylla also spoke on the demand for Inner Line Permit in the state. It has not had the ILP since 1952, when it was still part of Assam.
It is learned that the man who was seriously injured after being tied and bombed by the crowd on Tuesday night, was also allegedly arrested. He had tried to rob a house in MIDC Umiam with a pistol, but at that time, he was caught by the people who tied and bombed him. and he shall not be able to stand.
Replying to a supplementary question by RV Lyngdoh, CEM of KHADC Titostarwell Chyne said that it is true that the tender has been called for the construction of the Heritage Village in Mawphlang. discussions to improve and organize the Monolith Festival.
The states are still translating these books into their indigenous languages.
“But as of now, I would like to tell my friends that the Congress party is no longer in Garo Hills.
As part of the discussion on the implementation and further steps, a meeting was held in Mizoram under the chairmanship of Lalramsanga Sailo, Secretary, Government of Mizoram, Gautam Kumar, Deputy Speaking at the meeting, Lalramsanga Sailo, Secretary, Government of Mizoram, said, “We hope to receive the full contribution from the Life and General Insurance Companies to promote this industry. 'insurance'.
Farmers complain that there is no more income from agriculture.
“The BJP has now become stronger and has won more than 10 seats this time, we are ready to fight fiercely against our opposition, so that others cannot take sting of it. BJP party “he added.
He said that he had sent the letter to the SP and DGP by mail to express that he did not run away or refuse to be arrested by the police but he fled for his life and will come back. He has been assured of protection and is ready to cooperate with any investigation team.
When there is a fire inside the village or anywhere else, you should not cut down trees lest it burn down.
He said that in Meghalaya there is no Panchayati Raj, but there is a better and more powerful system than Panchayati Raj.
Prof. Lamare, who himself did not know much about Jaintia Hills and their struggle, said that the writings of the British Government are now in the National Archive in Delhi as well as in the Regional Archive in Kolkata, West. Bengal.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Witting said the reason why the HSPDP has not said anything is not because it is silent but because it wants to look at the laws that the political parties are talking to the government.
On the 13th, he said that the robbers had taken him away from that place to another place by car. It's the border but I don't know where it is, first I came to a market, they offered me something to drink, they offered me food but I didn't want to, I sent them kwai, they brought kwai and umsoh , then we walked again through the roads which had to be climbed again, we came to another market and we got off there.
JOWAI: The annual Holy Eucharist of the Diocese of Jowai was held at Holy Cross Parish Umkiang on Sunday.
This is the way of thinking of the Hindus to make laws as one country, one language, one religion throughout India.
It is worth mentioning that this group of pig farmers was started by a group of youths in the village after the arrival of FOCUS who were able to gather together the pig farmers to form this group and to get With the help of the government and despite the hard work, the youths have increased and developed in the field of rice farming until they have become one of the most active Producer Groups in the Bhoirymbong area announced by the Chief Minister.
Speaking to media, Bah Shangpliang said that he has made it clear that he will join the NPP without any conditions, and that once he joins the party he will become a member of the party and ready to accept. the responsibility.
The winners of the women's chess category were Geliloth Nazarene S. Kyndiah in the first place, Nandani Sinha in the second place and Ledawanki Talang in the third place. he went to Government Girls Higher Secondary School.
However, I have not found any detailed research on the relationship between the peoples living today in the Mekong region and the Khasi-Jaintia.
The committee has requested for more time to complete the work until November, saying that the time set by the Council is too short.
He appealed to the Rangbah Shnongs to cooperate on these issues in order to protect our small community by conducting a census in their villages, townships and villages on the trade. friends from outside the state.
Bashai Khongwir said the BJP Meghalaya Unit is grateful that the CM has accepted the state's willingness to release up to 97 percent of Meghalaya which has Sixth Schedule land.
The General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi, Samla Shemphang Masharing, said that the HYC has taken action on this issue, because many youths have been shocked and worried about the delay in the announcement. The DSC in Ri Bhoi District has also sought clarification on the delay in announcing the results of the DSC recruitment examination for the year 2021-2
“The Advocate General of the Government of Meghalaya has sent the approval to the Division Bench that the reservation policy cannot be implemented without a roster system. reported at(1995) 2 SCC 745 (R.K Sabharwal Vs.
Under-16 for those born on 30.11.2007 and not after 30.11.2009 and Under-18 for those born on 30.11.2005 and not after
And most of these sleepers sleep if there is too much nitrogen fertilizer, or if there is too much water in the soil.
He said he does not know how many people will attend the rally as it was not organized by AHAM but it was just to support.
The festival was attended by the young men and women of Lamin village as well as hundreds of elderly people who came to witness.
The Barack Democratic Front (BDF) today held a protest in Silchar against the killing of a truck driver from Assam in Meghalaya.
The list they create has the ability to automatically clean up the information they have collected.
Many of these places are located in other places and are very difficult to reach.
It is also their right to sell and buy their property.
Semford B Sangma was also appointed as the Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya Resource Generation Council.
Isn't it?" asked an elderly neighbour.
Father Cleophas Malngiang was born on 18th October 1954 in Mawlong Khasi Hills.
It has been three months but nothing has been done and the road has deteriorated to the point where it has caused problems to the people in coming and going.
According to the source, the robbers broke into the shop of the man by breaking the lock and entered the shop. The total amount of money was T.84,6
Anup Kumar Lakra, Head Master & Community Superior, said that we should be proud to have the Prime Minister of the country, who has led the country to practice Yoga on the 21st July every year. and on this day he led the world leaders at the UN to practice Yoga.
Nongpoh: On the occasion of the opening ceremony of the Covid-19 Treatment Center at Patharkhmah, the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Sepngi Sengbhalang and the Longkmie Sengbhalang have extended their special greetings to the Jirang MLA. Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, for his efforts to set up a Corona Care Center at Pathar Khmah, which is one of the central locations of all the villages in Ri Bhoi West.
During their visit, they also sent a letter to the VC to express the problems and concerns of the students of the University and Colleges.
In 2015, he handed over the project worth Rs 3 crore to his brother Rocky Dhar when he was a Congress MLA.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Mawkordor Nongneng, Rangbah Shnong, Bah Banlum Tariang, Secretary Village, School Principals, Members of Mawklot Dorbar Shnong and others.
Government officials and police chiefs in charge of Jammu Division have inspected the arrangements and other procedures in Jammu, Udhampur and Ramban districts for the sake of pilgrimage.
The residents have requested the KHADC not to politicize the welfare of the residents of the village.
Special food items were also requested to be delivered to these villages including Huroi, Leilong, Leijri, which border with Bangladesh.
He said that Meghalaya is a small state and depends completely on the central government. “We need a party that can unite the state with Delhi or with the central government so that we cannot play chess in the state".
Shillong, Naitung, 03: The Seiñ Jaintia Women's Wing, Shillong today held a special award ceremony for four Pnar women who have shown prominence in the service of the community.
The CMJ's 434 students in 2012-2013 was illegal and criticized the election of CM Jha as Chancellor of the University. with the approval of the Visitor, who is the Governor of the State.
“The demand for the pension is longstanding and there is a promise from the Government to pay the pension but it has not done anything yet.
However, one of the problems he said is that many of the Dkhars here marry foreigners especially the Bihari Dkhars.
“We are pleased that the Prime Minister has promised to take action on these issues,” said Bah Ardent.
Mei ramew at the end of the sorrow she falls down Rathai's eyes are covered with jainjot The money is lynga she cries and praysWhy, mankind? You're doing blood without thinkingHuhuhu you're crying, you're destroying you're destroying your shliah, you're cleaning your clothes, you're cleaning your blood, you're losing your clothes, you're getting rich, you're losing your hands, you're getting rich, you're getting rich, you're losing your clothes. khlek, jrain jrain, thylliej dieng ki thabaBrup brup from the eyes of the nations began to fallDarkness of the night, darkness came and coveredThe lightning storm tied the pyrthatNight and day did not forgive people u pynhapWhy do you know, O man, that you don't know sin?
At the same time, the union has found the distribution of ST certificates in the district.
On Friday, BSF troops of 172 Battalion rescued two cows hidden inside two Alto vehicles which were trying to smuggle into Bangladesh across the border of East Jaintia Hills. .
A cat can live 10 years, a dog can live 12 years.
“A 25-year-old youth who was suspected to be one of the mob was seriously injured in the shooting by the police and was later taken to hospital where he died on the spot,” he said. Meren Jamir, Superintendent of Police, Dimapur, told reporters.
In the 36th minute, Aibiangmame Nongneng sent the ball into Mawlai's box and Charles Lyngdoh sent the ball into the box. They thought the ball had gone in but the ball had escaped into the net.
At the end of the programme, a drawing competition on the theme “Recovering Key Species for Ecosystem Restoration” and an essay competition on the theme “Wildlife Conservation” were held for the children. The event was held at various foreign schools in Jowai from 10 am to 12 noon.
In Melim , which falls under the Gambegre constituency of Rakesh A. Sangma , Conrad strongly criticized Saleng Sangma and the Congress for not being able to win even two seats in Meghalaya throughout the State.
Speaking to some of the elders of the area, they said that the construction of the road is a blessing to the area but the smoking of the people especially the children poses a threat to the health.
Speaking to reporters, Zenith M Sangma said that more than 1000 people have been affected by the floods in the Brahmaputra River in Garo Hills. The State Government has not yet issued any order to assist those affected by the floods.
The farmers have requested the Agriculture Department of the State Government, Hima Mylliem and District Council to look into this kilo cut.
Daniel 9:24, Satan (Lucifer) was arrested and imprisoned for 1,000 years.
He said that the HSPDP party does not have any conflict with the people and the mid-term elections will also be a semi final for the general election of If the people agree and give the opportunity to the HSPDP to come to power, the party will provide the best service to the people.
The meeting was attended by Joplin Scott Shylla President of the Congress Women's Congress Committee. Haokip Secretary, Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Committee, Bah Bormanding Nonglang and others.
For example, the words politician and legislator, attorney, solicitor, lawyer, which in the original language are called Muktiar, Riewieitri or Patriot, Barrister, Advocate, Judge, adjudicator and so on.
The composer and singer, Bah Smilling F Mylliemngap from Ïewpamtiah, has composed up to 3000 songs including religious songs, patriotic songs, election songs and others.
“The Executive Committee has decided not to take part in the Lok Sabha elections because the Government has not done anything.
We want to see how we can work together and how they can support our mission especially in terms of solar energy,” he said.
They all confessed to the crime and were taken to the Children's Prison in Shillong.
MLAs, DCs and SPs from the Districts shall be members of the Committees.
The importance of promoting the various languages ​​of the country.
After this score, the match became more interesting between the two teams who showed their skills on the pitch. Even Luti Tuber Ialong SC tried to turn the score but couldn't. until the end of the time Dulong won the school.
The Directorate of Forensic Sciences in Mawdiangdiang has already upgraded the testing by introducing more advanced machines, GCMS Thermo Fisher injection machine for drugs and alcoholic beverages. He said that the introduction of better equipment will help to get the FSL reports faster. Replying to the measures against those who smuggle from time to time, Prestone said. He said that under the PITNDPS Act, 1998, the state police can take action against those people who commit such crimes.
The most trusted and confident among the people are the chiefs who are able to heal from being thlen.
Two persons shot and robbed the driver and fled the scene.
Shillong: U John F Kharshiing, who recently joined the National People's Party (NPP), has said that he has no intention of contesting the election.
Similarly, the word Tar in the word tar means to tar kpong in the ksaw ka kpong, which means to tar the tor of a blang or cow to see the signs of the shin as well as to cut the the members of the lamjew in the sacrifice of the sacrifice.
He said this while speaking at the commemoration of the 161st death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, a hero and fighter against the foreign government on 30th November.
There are 44 residential buildings in the house and the force of the fire has completely destroyed the house. There were two fires, which struck the building.
We also congratulate the government for its failure to take swift action against the society in the past few days,” said HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar in a letter.
Bah Philip Marwein All the Khasi-Khasi people understand the purpose of this Bill.
In South West Khasi Hills, only one house was damaged by the storm on the 15th.
Earlier, Dalic said that up to 25,000 Croatian citizens had expected to travel to Rotterdam to fill the stadium, but this did not happen. long joy for the fans of Spain.
“They have forcibly dug up my land without permission because they have an agreement with the village authorities,” said Simarbon Syierlait.
Shillong Lajong will face Northeast United FC on 4th July at Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium, Guwahati at 6 pm.
According to the legends, many of the tribes in the country come from this river, said Ming and added that the Waikhyrwi Social and Cultural Sports Club has prepared a documentary on the Waikhyrwi River and its legends. they don't have bad.
According to the agreement between the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya, they have also decided not to allow newcomers to invade or cross the border in the disputed areas. foreigners and that is in accordance with paragraph 5 of the agreement between the two prime ministers; However, as it is now, there are still many Nepalis who have settled in the area.
The union cannot accept this action of MeECL. The union is very sorry to see that the students have to use candles or emergency lights or sharak, which affect their eyes besides the high operating costs.
Regarding the occasion, the residents of these villages, said that although they cannot oppose anything on the relocation of the road, but they will continue to ask the state government, which should provide the road from Chibra to Umsen, because in these parts of the area there are many villages and the people really need to get roads.
“But I tell you that when we talk about respecting all religions, Meghalaya cannot generate even 10 percent revenue and that is why we still have to rely on the central government.
Nongpoh, July 25: Young men and women including children and the elderly today took part in the National Voters Day Run 2024 organized by the office of the Sub. -Divisional Civil Sub-Division, Ri Bhoi District together with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District with the aim of encouraging the youth and the people to come forward to participate in the election as their right. to choose leaders.
The Government will only be the supporter, pioneer, encourager and encourager of the farmers.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: A group of wild boars from Tuberkmai village, Tuber Shohshrieh village, Wapung village and even Chyrmang village have survived into the 'Khloo Blai' forest of the Sein Raij Tuber village to kill animals especially skei and others.
All the proposals of the opposition parties regarding the request for dialogue and consultation in this regard, in the House, were confirmed that the Lamphang did not allow.
On the other hand, the HFU has demanded that the government should increase the assistance to the farmers affected by the natural disaster from T.6000/- per acre of farmland, as this does not match the cost. should be raised to help the farmers.
According to a study conducted by the European Respiratory Society International Congress in Milan, Italy, those who live near highways or in high-traffic areas However, if the mother feeds her babies well from birth, this will help reduce the risk of infection. such sufferings shall befall the children after they have grown up.
This comes after the clashes between the Meitei and Kuki communities have begun to calm down after two months in the state.
The incident happened to the mother of Dris Mynsong who went to Doctor Ryndong in Motphran for treatment, but the doctor sent her to Ganesh Das Hospital. The woman has been admitted to the hospital for more than 24 hours but the doctors of the hospital have not taken any action to treat her until she loses her baby.
As we have seen in the media, the result of these meetings is that all the Cabinet Ministers, the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) and all the political parties except the VPP and KHNAM, have agreed to agreed on the explanation of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on the roster system and to implement it prospectively and that a special committee has been appointed to study and monitor the use of the roster system. and also to suspend the appointment until the report of this Committee.
The tower has affected the residents of more than 21 villages who use mobile phones operating through the tower.
The HYC as a responsible organization for the country and the Hynniewtrep people from time to time has fought tirelessly to demand, to liberate, and to advise even the leaders of the people that they should be to wake up because the Hynniewtrep people are now in the midst of a terrible danger like a Dak Mynsaw from a clean marriage.
There are 12 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills and 2 cases in South Garo Hills. and in East Jaintia Hills Hills.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Kurbah said the release of these vehicles carrying EVMs aims to enlighten and encourage the voters to come forward to take part in the Lok Sabha elections. He also urged more than 6 lakh registered voters to vote.
There have been reports of collusion between the police and law enforcers in some areas located in the border areas and such crimes should be completely eliminated," he told talking to the village headmen of the villages in the border areas.
The District Council should have introduced other stricter procedures and laws to curb the infiltration of foreigners.
It can also be compared to that stream in the forest which speaks to people like this – People come, people go; I flow forever.
The Minister said that the people have now seen the progress of the State as the Government has introduced various programs to assist the farmers, women's organizations, SHGs and others. to the inhabitants of the city.
As soon as he saw Tarzan, the journalist immediately got out of the vehicle to take pictures and ran after him but suddenly when he reached above Anjalee, Tarzan disappeared. I got lost with this reporter (the photograph has not been published).
He added that the recruitment of youth will be for various posts including sub inspectors, armed branch constables, unarmed branch constables including fire brigade and police. MPRO operator.
In the days of the Puja, Hindu devotees performed their rituals with devotion and visited the Pandals which were specially built around the place with joy.
The lyngkhot lyngkhai election system forces the parties and MLAs to look for positions where they are more suitable and where they are more stable.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that he will seek clarification on the incident of the collapse of a church in Qualapatty, which claimed the lives of two people and one person. dog.
Speaking to media after the World Aids Day program held at Madan Polo on Thursday, the Project Director of MACS, Dr. B. Decruse, said that The number of elderly people living with HIV in the State is higher than the rest of the country.
All matches will be broadcast live and more details will be announced later.
Implementation for the maintenance and improvement of roads as well as other uses is ongoing in the area, which will be completed by 20th July.
After Mark left Hollywood, he moved to Las Vegas, Nevada and even his children are happy to leave Hollywood. faithful to them.
Police fired stun grenades and the crowd dispersed.
Lanosha left and went straight to her house.
Nongpoh, Ïaïong 03: One of the examples of the people of Mawhati who wanted to eliminate the use of money during the elections and also to bring about change in the field of development has been The People Democratic Party (PDF) today held a meeting to confirm the leaders of the PDF Mawhati Zone. Support the PDF candidate, Bah Roswell Shadap who has decided to contest the 2023 election from the PDF party from Mawhati Constituency.
In a statement, Allan F Dkhar, vice president, said that this action of the government will not only affect their celebration on the special holiday but will also affect many of their activities.
Early detection of HIV positive patients is essential to facilitate the journey of those infected to receive early treatment.
