pla government.
“After it appeared in the media that there is an armed group known as the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) who are trying to intimidate the Khasi-Pnars living in Block-1, The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit sends this message to the paradoh parasnam in the areas and to all those who live near Assam not to be afraid and panic. KSU West Jaintia Hills is ready to respond to those Kaikhlaw who want to create intimidation and violate the rights of the Khasi-Pnar people living in Block-1,” said the Publicity Secretary of KSU West Jaintia Hills. District Unit of Youth.
Panaliar Village Council also objects to the program to be held by the Rotary Club Jowai on 24.09.2023 within the boundary of the village.
He also hoped that many more MLAs will join including former MLAs and other leaders.
Its members include US allies such as Japan, France, New Zealand, the UK, Canada, South Korea, Australia and Spain as well as African countries such as Rwanda, Nigeria and others. are countries that are just beginning to work together in this field.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The teachers of the Joint Action Committee of Meghalaya (JACATAM) have decided to suspend their strike from the 26th of this month after talks with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS. Kropha today has many demands accepted by the government.
Various rituals were performed by the Wamon and Pandit.
Companies when setting up factories need a lot of support from other sectors.
On this parable of the tares, Jesus said, “The kingdom of heaven is like a man who sowed good seed in his field, but an enemy came and sowed weeds among the wheat. , and he went away, and when the blade sprang up and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.
Shillong: The HITO has met with GHP Raju Principal Secretary, Meghalaya in charge of agriculture to discuss the problem of cow slaughter in Meghalaya which has led to the increase in prices. you are the Messiah in this state.
At the same time, Goyal said the government is studying how to expand the Umroi airport and a report on this will be submitted in the next three months.
This includes everything from the rice to the meat they eat every day.
Besides, he said he promised in the House to strengthen and ensure that the police station will be safe.
Nongstoiñ, July 24: The construction of the 32 kilometer two lane Nongstoiñ Kyrshai road in the first phase of the project has progressed rapidly and is expected to be completed within this year. .
Kamut after 1000 years.
Fortunately, no casualties were found in the incident, except for the damage to one room in the house. The residents of the village, who rushed to the house to extinguish the fire which started burning and destroyed the house.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) in the Legislative Assembly has demanded the immediate resignation of the Chief Minister.
Shaphi young Lung of our beloved country look carefully at which group are you in? But die is not what thied is? If you are in the group of men die ri there is still time for you to look and listen to build yourself because if you rise to the ranks of fame you are the first to benefit and later the country will get fame and glory from your character. bad don't have your glory.
“The FKJGP strongly opposes the demands of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) and will not accept if the State Government approves these demands.
That too did not succeed because there was a change after being challenged by others and finally it was handed over to the merchant to build the statue which did not match the rank of Tirot Sing Syiem and which was removed. Not only for the life of Tirot Sing Syiem, but for the life of the entire Khasi people.
Christabel Morn Bthuh Junior Engineer was also promoted to the post of Assistant Engineer, Civil Work Department, JHADC, Jowai.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the Executive Committee has prepared a scholarship to be awarded to the students. researchers to investigate the nature of the Khasi people especially the richness of the people in terms of culture and traditions.
When will the census start?” He said that besides the census, the law will come into force after the reorganization of the constituencies.
Two students were killed and one injured in the incident.
The Kite Patch is a small device that is placed on a person's clothes and inserts a drug that removes the body's swelling in front of the skin.
He said that the benefit of the villages which have been removed from the Town Committee is for the schemes for the Urban Area from the Government of India.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the statement by Bah AL Hek, former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, against the Government and the shooting death of former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew on 13th July 2021, is only because of his grief that he has been removed from the post. the seat he holds as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the state.
The Sports Department of the State Government has announced the names of the players for the U-21 football tournament. Makdoh, Arnesius Marwein, Hamboy Lyngdoh, Iakmenlang O. Khongjee, Banteilang Pariat, Wilbert D. Marbaniang, Badonkupar Marbaniang, Eric Nongkhlaw, Baiaikara Swer, Rijiedskhem Sun, Oresterwell Langshiang, George V. Lyngseldoh C. and Nong Russky.
Iewrynghep Secondary School and H.Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School have reached the final of the Under 17 Girls Football Tournament. 2023' organized by the Office of the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District.
The crowd also shouted, “Let us cleanse”.
There are 7,454 confirmed cases and 435 deaths.
He said that the praise should be given to other people who have donated food and beverages to the needy instead of condemning them and watching from the crowd while these activities are going on. .
Meanwhile, the vice president of SKRS, Bah H Syiem, said that the Rangbah Shnongs have not yet received the order from the court to stop issuing syrnod.
BS Mukhim said that the meat vendors should no longer carry the meat in the prek but keep it in a safe place where the skaiñ cannot bite.
Here the prophet Ezekiel has to deal with the valley of the dry bones of the dead.
A two minute silence was held at the meeting as part of the condolences to those who lost their lives in the Mukroh incident.
In the 1st leg of the semi final, Lamare FC won three points by beating United Sports Club Kolkata 1-0
He said that in the next few years, PHCs and CHCs including hospitals will be improved.
The march with flags, placards and slogans started from Motphran to Lum Surbe to Rhino, Civil Hospital, IGP and to AG which is the residence of Governor Tathagata Roy.
The tournament was held on the 18th of this month and dozens of children from all over the country came to participate.
The Government has also allowed people working in construction related jobs, people working in households and has also allowed to open hardware, electrical, mobile repairing shops, but the time and date will be as arranged by the Deputy Commissioners.
Gohain urged the rich not to take subsidies so that the government can give to the poor, and this is the request of the Prime Minister.
Speaking to reporters at the SDO Civil Sohra, Grace said she accepts the decision of the people.
A short meeting was also held on the occasion which was conducted by Samla Rapborlang Nongrum General Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle. Basketball in Mawlai was one of the most popular sports in Mawlai, but these days it seems that they have forgotten about it. KSU Mawlai Circle has taken the initiative to conduct this tournament despite many struggles of the Seng for many causes of the Jaidbynriew. Speech by Bah John S.War Assistant Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Nonglum who was the special guest of honour.
Shillong Lajong FC FC failed to score the first goal of the match against Delhi Lajong FC despite having had some chances but the skill of the players u Delhi FC Lajong goalkeeper failed to score.
Dr Mukul said that any company that has been allowed to operate in one state should no longer choose to operate in a state because as happened in the past, the government has allowed to operate in a state. person who has conducted the same in one state and has been involved in theft.
The Prime Minister said that he will soon convene a meeting of the MDA to discuss the vote for the presidential election but the decision on this will be taken by Bah Sanbor Shullai. The Prime Minister will take a decision in due course.
“In the urban areas, MeECL has immediately replaced the transformer while in the rural areas, it has not done anything for months,” said George.
The juti shines well when it is polished.
The management of the temple has also informed that such attacks have happened many times.
“This news is misleading,” said Bah Pynshngain.
The HYC leader said that any policy whether it is an industrial policy or any policy itself has to be revised. The NPP, as the party won many MLAs in the last elections, is on this issue of employment policy.
Shillong: U Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he supports the Bill introduced by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the implementation of the ILP. As an MDC, I support this bill which is for the sake of the country and the nation,” he said.
Shillong, November 11 : England's hopes of hosting the 2022 World Cup in Qatar have come to an end after they beat France 1-2 in the quarterfinals on Saturday. U Blei at Al Bayt Stadium.
“I have been offered positions, but I have rejected that position to show the people that whatever I have decided is not for my own position, I want to help the MDA government to work. “There is no danger in that,” she added.
Out of the T.10 lakh which the KHADC has handed over to all the MDCs, the MDC of Mawhati said that he has a plan to help those poor families in the constituency. The MDC said that he will go to many areas to talk to the village leaders, so that those families who are very poor can get assistance.
It is also clear that Article 16 (4) provides for the representation of government officials according to population.
The decision of the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District came after the government banned government employees from holding village or party posts which the government had announced earlier.
In another incident, on the night of 31st October, 2024, a school called Vesto Upper Primary School in Rangjadong village has been destroyed by heavy rain and wind. tin sop and some houses and shops were severely damaged.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the Government also intends to increase the number of parking spaces, which will provide space for the shopkeepers, to reduce the congestion in the city.
Two cases have been reported in Karnataka, one in Gujarat, eight in Maharashtra and one in Delhi. Nine cases have been reported in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
If they don't know how to do that, they can't increase their wealth.
When asked what he had to say, he said that there were no comments especially from the ARPA that the MDCs of the PDF have misled the people who did not attend the dorbar which was held on the 30th. Pynshngain said that after receiving information that the VAB will be passed on the 30th of July, the PDF MDCs want the VAB to be passed. He said that the VAB will be passed because the people want it to be passed, but it is not a conspiracy with the Rangbah Shnongs, and it is his duty as CEM. “It is not necessary to pass the Bill which the people want, because in the end it is the CEM who will answer,” he said.
Marius Tlang, from Umrangso, is also a pig farmer and soh trun farmer who has received a lot of training from ICAR and has now cultivated up to 30,000 seedlings. sohtrun and many pigs.
Shillong, October 30: As part of the efforts to encourage and raise awareness among the people on the need to exercise their right to vote, the District Election Officer, East Khasi Hills, Shillong on 29th October held a Various competitions including a raffle for children and a competition among those who have been able to vote were held at Golf Links, Shillong.
However, the EC confirmed that there will be no fraud in the EVMs. UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said that the EVMs can be fraudulent. There is corruption in other places but the UDP has complained about it.
If Modi wins the 2024 MP election, Conrad will launch schemes such as Rs.15,622 crore from Garo to West Bengal.
SHILLONG Laitkor SC beat Kick Start Football Coaching Center 7-0 in the first match of the Women's League on Tuesday. PFR Football Academy beat Lawei Smit SC 4-1 in the opening match. PFR Football Academy, which has 9 points, beat Mawkriah SC 4-1 Laitkor beat Umpling 6-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Alcohol affects society: Almost all evils in society are caused by alcohol.
Mohon said that inside he shouted and shouted until the village heard.
The JHADC chief said that the Council has not yet received the revenue from the mineral resources as it used to receive from the government.
There is a story, a farmer had two sons and ten daughters.
On the other hand, the MLA also spoke about the 24 crore tyngka which he said that they will soon call a tender for the supply of water to the households in Mawiong Umjapung.
Speaking at the meeting in virtual mode, the Governor said that the expectations of the people have come true after the completion of the Raj Bhavan in Tura. .
“I have invited the leaders of the primary units to clarify and discuss on this issue and the meeting has decided to oppose this action of the State Election Committee and we have also decided to meet with them. Our MLAs and leaders should inform us on this issue but if they don't listen we will call another meeting to take a decision,” said Bah Jyndiang.
Speaking to media today, Kong Biolinda, who graduated with a Master of Arts degree in Social Works, said that she was shocked and affected by the decision to come forward. After meeting and finding out about the backwardness of the Mawthadraishan constituency, it has shown great sympathy to the people.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The poverty situation in the state has been severely affected by the worst year, in which the lifestyle of the people has changed dramatically compared to the past few years. left.
In another match, Lalboy Kipjen scored three goals for Assam Rifles in the 32nd, 54th and 58th minutes.
Those who wish to correct any errors or those who wish to register their names if they have not yet appeared can approach the office of the Deputy Commissioner and Returning Officer, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, Room No above from April 10th to April 25th.
As the union has received complaints from the District authorities, Police, Dorbar Shnongs and PWD department, if anyone is found violating the union, it will punish them according to its rules of procedure.
Nongpoh: Two houses in Umdoh village, 18 mer, have collapsed and burnt down at 3 pm this morning. The owners of these houses have suffered great losses.
“I want to know whether these activities have been authorized by the department,” said Bah Rani. three months in a row.
Officials said the gold was seized from three passengers who arrived from Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday.
In the first half, Mairang Blues played better than PSG Mairang and won the match between the two fan clubs. PSG Mairang scored three goals in the first half but PSG Mairang didn't lose hope and in the second half they scored two goals. PSG had the opportunity to score another goal but due to the skill of the Mairang Blues goalkeeper, PSG lost the opportunity to score.
Now, however, as knowledge increases, evil and suffering increase in mankind.
He urged the Election Committee of the UDP to investigate thoroughly in the villages to get a clear report.
Again this time the slave class beat the famine.
As a state that claims to be a Christian state, I would like to stir up the minds of all of us, on the idea of ​​independence and where do we get this idea? When I saw the emergence or beginning of democracy, it shocked and surprised me and changed a lot in my way of thinking about democracy.
The Khasi society respects and respects women from home to the news as well and there is no discrimination against them in any way.
The semi final will be played tomorrow at 10.30 am between H. Elias HSS vs Tlongumniam SS and Shillong College HSS vs OM Roy HSS at 11.45 am. Twenty-one wrestlers from the state will represent the state at the 43rd National Arm Wrestling Championship to be held at Bhilai, Chhattisgarh from the 19th to the 23rd of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday expressed his hope that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongal Sangma, will convene a meeting to discuss the issue of price hike. petrol/diesel and LPG cylinder.
Time will tell the future of the BJP in the state although the signs of the elections show that the majority of the people do not want the party to rule.
These roads are L051-Nengmandalgre to Daribokgre (35 kms), L042 Cherangre to Sisobibra (Nengmandalgre to Gitokgre) 7.820 kms, 51.68 meter bridge over Rongon River and 1.68 meter bridge you're right.
In the same season, suddenly it was heard that the youngsters were running step by step to strengthen themselves and to exercise especially those who play football.
At the same time, he also requested the cooperation of the village leaders, contractors, residents and also from the executive department.
On the same day, the HYC Kenïong & Thiepdiengngan Unit also honored Bah Mandilos Nongbri who won the title of Off Road Challenge AHOR " in recent months.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSM) has strongly condemned the police and the law enforcement agencies of West Jaintia Hills District for the root cause of the rape of Moinasing Phyllut, MDC candidate of Nartiang Constituency, has been arrested on suspicion of inciting the people to break into the EVM machine. Former CEM MB Rymbai Police have not arrested him.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Hemant Soren, expressed his willingness to implement employment opportunities in the state.
“The Rangbah Shnongs who attended the meeting showed that they are against the order of the High Court, but those who were stingy and could not attend showed that they had violated the decision of the High Court. " said Donbok.
Bah Nongrang said it is regrettable that the government has not recognized the youth and has not provided assistance to the Khasi films which is one of the ways to employ the youth but it is ready to assist the youth. foreign films.
He said that the Government has already purchased the land for the Tura landfill.
Shillong: U President of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday slammed other political parties in the MDA-2 government for insulting and speaking against the NPP. eat together on the same plate.
It is not good to go too far from one house to another at such times.
Shillong: Anjali Gurung (27) of Jhalupara, Phyrnai Kylla (47) of Umsning and Wairis Lamin (59) of Umkiang have died of coronavirus. ), in Hooghly district of West Bengal, have returned to the Trinamool Congress after cleansing their bodies by covering their heads and washing themselves with water. clean lane of the Gangajal.
We must strictly follow the rules that apply to us.
The West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) has decided to hold the T20 Inter School Cricket Tournament for boys and girls in Under-16 category.
Regarding the use of the right hand to shoot, the High Court said that it is not difficult to imagine that the firearm would be carried with the weaker hand and placed near the shyllang mat and shot. .
The incident occurred at Sawmer, when the reporter went to inspect the coal trucks, which were parked and some were moving. He talked to the trucks and asked them whether they were carrying coal or not. The drivers of the trucks replied that they were carrying coal.
After the opening ceremony, Prestone said that in the last three years, the city of Nongstoiñ has changed a lot, because the government has turned around and done many things. work for the public.
The meeting will also discuss the Ordinance and other Bills passed by the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) but pending on the desk of the Governor.
Chapter 6 – The Great Father and the Priestly Family.
This incident happened on Friday and in the past few days around the villages in Jowai.
However, it is surprising that the ARPA has opposed only because the two provisions are not included in the Act, said S.Nongkynrih in the presence of the President of the ARPA, Bah Teiborlang Dkhar.
A trader in Jowai said that he used to buy goods from farmers around Thadlaskein and Laskein areas but he found that many of the goods have rotted and died due to the deterioration of the market which has affected the farmers.
According to the report, police during the search operation, seized explosives, documents and mobile phones. They are still searching for other members of the party and the investigation is ongoing.
So far, the WJH District Police have arrested 12 persons involved in this prostitution case which has become public in these days. near Jowai and nine persons were also released.
He said that the smuggling of ksew is not only in front of the KHADC gate but also in the ground floor of the MDC Hostel where it has turned into a den of ksew and poses a threat to passers-by.
However, even in relation to such revenue collection posts, the Government is still convinced that there is no illegal collection of revenue.
(2) Renewal and redemption:- these two are intertwined.
Despite the heavy rains in Meghalaya in recent days, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has announced that the load-shedding will continue in the state.
He is also driving this car.
Hamlet was the PDF MLA from Mylliem and Minister of C&RD before he resigned on the 5th of this month.
That is why God does not look at man as he does.
The term 'Ïarmangkalai' is used to describe politicians who move from one party to another.
The number of cases in the US has risen to 8.94 million since the outbreak began.
In the Miss Mawkynrew 2024 category, Dabisharbha Mylliemngap won the second prize, Deibyntalang Mylliemngap from Laitkyrhong won the third prize and Jesica won the third prize. Nongpluh is the source.
According to him, the party has visited all 36 constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, a clean and pollution-free environment is essential for helping a person stay healthy.
This fellowship means to sympathize, to suffer and also to rejoice with the people.
When asked about this, Pynshngaiñ said that in the District Council it is up to the MDCs, as there is no party law.
The states with the highest number of farmers who committed suicide are Punjab, Haryana, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.
He said that the driver of the Mahindra Camper Pick Up was taken to hospital for post-mortem examination. who is not allowed to drive at that time.
The Khasi Jaintia Hills was known as the settlement of the Dohlieh during the British rule whether in Shillong or in the Hima Nongkhlaw and other places.
We need leaders who are strong in their thinking on the basis of their existence, who love their own rights, who respect the rights of the elderly, who carry the name and honor of the youth and who can lead and stand firmly. you're happy you're shipa.
The Deputy Secretary of KHADC in a letter to the Wahadadar of Shella Confederacy on 8th March, 2012 said, “The request has been received by the EC of KHADC informing that the dorbar has been scheduled to be held on 10th March. , for the election of the Acting Secretary and members of the Dorbar Shnong, and there may be law and order problems.
They said that the biggest problem is for the sick because they have to be transported by a person when they want to go for treatment.
“The President wants to show that he is not biased towards anyone and therefore, he has decided not to vote at all this time,” said the President's Press Secretary, Venu Rajamony.
Therefore, the children they give birth to are not strong.
Announcing that their strike today is like a Cease Fire, these farmers said, “We have already brought food for 6 months, we don't want to stay anywhere and we will not stand until until I reach Delhi,” they said.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: Once a year, the Parish Nangbah of Jowai Diocese has held this Eucharistic Procession on the 26th of this month at Nangbah, where thousands of faithful from different parishes of the Diocese have attended the Eucharistic Procession. Please take part in this Procession.
Besides the establishment of the union, the union also explained to the public the basis and facts regarding the struggle for the re-transfer of Block-1 to Meghalaya.
“We have decided to file a complaint, so that the law enforcement agencies can take action to stop this crime.
Invite to the table for discussion and discussion especially how to develop this Reservation Policy as the people want and expect.
Four persons have lost their lives in an earthquake in Nongpriang village under Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Mawrie Kur HQ, Mylliem Syiemship on Tuesday held the 4th General Assembly of the Mawrie Kur HQ on the theme “Life, Life, Life of the Nation” at Laitkor Square.
Shillong: The Beauty Parlor, owned by Kong Iada Hujon from Mairang, today opened a training center for youngsters who have the talent and willingness to come for training. On the 5th July 2019, Liza Kharpomtiah from Basin Development distributed certificates to 20 students who have passed the training.
Trump has repeatedly accused Iran of killing the contractor and threatened that the United States would retaliate with a slightly higher price. and injured many others and then tried to attack the US government building in Baghdad.
This power outage by MeECL has angered and shocked the people of the government because MeECL has done so at this time when the people still need to complete many tasks.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Jaintia Youth Organization (JYO) has demanded that the PWD (Road) department should repair the NH-44 road from Ladrymbai to Latachera. The union has already threatened to hold a mass protest if the PWD department does not take action.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) together with other organizations have strongly criticized the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for not doing anything for the installation of entry and exit gates across Meghalaya to prevent the entry of The authorities have visited the state.
The team included Deputy Manager of IOLtd, Mr Indrajit Buruah, Manager Adam Suting and Kiwi Scientist.
The Meghalaya Cycling Association (MCA) has announced that it will hold the All Meghalaya Cycling Championship on the 24th of this month.
The meeting was held after the incident of border clashes in the border areas of West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District.
Is it right for us to believe that the future depends on the youth? Why do I say this? Because we see that many young people don't understand what the future means when we look at this age where the life of young people is very difficult and we don't know how it will be. That is their bright future because we cannot really say that many of our young people have fallen and fallen into forty kinds of evil habits which have darkened their bright future.
According to the rules of the SPL, the remaining minutes will be played again and the date will be fixed by the Shillong Sports Association.
Another relative of these patients said that they had asked a woman who works at Ultra Sound but she replied that there was no one inside. tap Ward and said that she was the only one who called the names of those who should enter.
Media reports said that this has upset some of the MDCs of the party.
There is no law against the police.
These smugglers also have their own roads which have damaged not only the border areas but also the water pipes and wells as trucks pass by them.
At the time of the establishment of the Health Recruitment Board, the recruitment of doctors, which had been delayed for five years, could be completed within three months”.
Shillong, March 7: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar today called a meeting with the CCIB leaders, chiefs, land owners and BSF chiefs to discuss the survey. for the erection of signboards on the India-Bangladesh border and the talks were only from Pillar No.1269 to Pillar No.
Through this Act, the question arises, what will happen to the 18 Parliamentary Secretaries, who have been appointed in the Congress government, when the President, has not allowed them, even the State Governments, They said that they did not have the office to earn money.
However, due to the geographical map, the Garo and Khasi Pnar were forcibly included and the Karbi were allowed to remain in Assam.
The union expressed its surprise that he has invited only those members whom he likes along with the daily fee.
Shillong, July 24: U Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and MPCC President DD Lapang on Thursday returned to Shillong by plane from Guwahati after the party meeting in Delhi. was cancelled.
This shows that they don't have the confidence to meet with drivers/helpers from abroad, but the law of the government has opened the door for foreigners to come freely to work in this state. The district is still in the Green Zone.
The union has inquired face to face with the beneficiaries of the scheme together with the Sordar Shnong, who said that these nine houses have already been contracted or to be built by Bah Gerald Tynhiang until completion.
On this theme, I would like to share with all of us these four issues related to the role of the youth in society and how to build our country.
This mission is to empower the youth to bring about change in the society.
Shillong: The number of accidents has increased in these days, when this morning at about 11 am on the 25th March 2021 a Scooty with registration number ML 11 5706 driven by a youth collided with a truck registration number AS 01 CC 0176 which collided with the youth. and this young man died shortly afterwards, which happened before he reached Lad Rymbai.
In these days, many families are destroyed because there is no relationship of love and mutual respect between parents and children.
On the other hand, the employees of the Meghalaya House are worried that if this happens, it will cause problems to the employees of the Meghalaya House because if they get sick, they will not get a place to send them for treatment. One of his fellow employees has been taken to Shillong for treatment.
“Yesterday we came from Garo Hills and today we met with party leaders from districts and blocks.
This road connects Riangdo market and many villages in the Mawthengkut to Thaiem area which is about 7 kilometers long.
Before the handover ceremony, a meeting was held by the Vice President Splendor Sawkmie.
“The Union of Rangbah Shnongs has alleged that the Chairman of the Regional Committee has mislead the villages in Block II. there are 22; but you are in Block
Tura, November 17: As the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State approach, the number of political party leaders has increased.
One of the members of the KDA, Bah Benister Kharpor, said that the KDA is very sad because after 10 years, people with disabilities have been beaten up, tortured by the leaders and He said that this shows the short-sightedness of the state leaders.
“The fact that the youth group did not forgive even the two newsgatherers even after identifying themselves as newsgatherers is something that is completely unacceptable," he said. The statement was sent by MEPA President R. Monarch Shabong and General Secretary John.
A 10 acre plot of land has been prepared for this purpose to meet the training needs of the youth in the North East.
All three players received one Scooty each.
If this happens like this, the Myntdu River, which supplies water, which fills the rice fields, will disappear, and the heritage will suffer, because it has been witnessed now that the river Myntdu has not been filled with the shyiap of the Earth.
In the past years he had to stay away from his wife and children just because of busy schedule.
He has also served as Minister in charge of various departments and Chairman of the State Planning Board.
She said that her call for the curfew on Tuesday is so that the farmers will not face any problems, but will have time to go to their farms to gather their crops. third-rep.
The HYC requests the DC to send patrols from 4 to 8 pm every day until the market is safe, the vendors in Nongstoiñ market especially in Khlieh ïew and near Them ïew I don't want to close the shop because I'm not happy anymore.
The HYC Wahlyngdoh Area Unit, demands that the state government should take action to expedite the setting up of this sub-centre, so that it will bring peace and salvation to many of the people of these 20 villages.
Matthew 24:14.
Vice President- Elias Lamare.
Therefore, the union once again urges all the owners of houses and villages to check carefully before allowing any person to leave and also to submit the proper documents according to the laws. village.
Let's leave it here, we won't say anything more than that," she said.
They include two soldiers, two foreigners, one high risk contact and one screening person.
The UDP has prepared statements on corruption in the education department which has become public that in 2009 teachers were appointed by deleting the names of those youths who are entitled to the jobs.
The two men were arrested on Friday.
Gautam Roy, who was sitting in front of the ambulance, died on the spot, while Prahalad Das, who was injured, died on arrival. at Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
Only family members, friends or organizations who have close relationships with the rulers or leaders shall hold office in the State.
Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State in her speech, said that this is a special day as a woman leader to open this hospital. He is the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Because Ukraine has said that Crimea is part of Ukraine and therefore it will have to use weapons that it has never used before to protect its border. like this por.
When asked about the difference between the Khasi and Muslim cow market in Khanapara, he said that the price of cow from Khanapara is the same. There are only two or three Muslims in Polo.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem to demand that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) All Syiems within the KHADC should be directed to order the Dorbar Shnongs, Sordar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs to enact laws to prohibit the marriage of Khasi women. for this is the destruction of the nation in all respects.
Why does Assam ban Meghalaya from developing border projects like repairing roads while Meghalaya allows?
While civilians were trying to march into southern Israel, Hamas leaders blocked the road to protect the crowd. , from being bombed or shot dead in Israel.
Of all the people working in various jobs, he said that the most difficult job is for the police who work day and night, in the cold or hot season, during the festivals, the police don't have time to celebrate the festivals with their families.
The Minister said that the introduction of the Rongjeng Sub Division and other buildings that will reach the area, was the dream of PA Sangma for Rongjeng.
God According to His purpose, He had planned from eternity to give them children when they were in despair.
Ratacherra Lumtrom scored the first goal of the match 3-2
Shillong, July 12 : The Commissioner of Food and Safety, East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah on Monday evening said that the government will have to look into the matter before it can remove the ban on the sale of fish imported from abroad.
The Pnar area has been the heart of Jaintia Hills since ancient times and today.
The bill can be downloaded from the following link –.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nonglum, Bah M.Mawlong, said that Ngaitlang Dhar MLA Umroi has donated T.1 lakh tyngka to all the refugees of the village on Saturday.
He said that this year, even until next month, the price of biscuits may drop to 20 tyngka per kilo.
“These dairy cows are according to the recent census conducted in 2012,” said Dr Sahkhar, adding that the census is conducted once every five years.
At this time, let us give our opinions to each other, and let us not point fingers at anyone.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has banned the residents of the villages living near the Litein River from walking and crossing the river during this time of flood to avoid any tragic incident.
He said that in the past years, the SRT has sent a petition to the Chief Minister after the Khasi who have given their jait kpa have been harassed and delayed for six months to 10 years when they apply only to get the Tribe Schedule.
The Nigerians and the Ivorian came to Bangladesh by plane, but smuggled into the country.
The incidence of myopia is about 20% of the population with 80% visual acuity.
After the meeting of the MDA government, held at the Secretariat, the Principal Secretary Prestone Tyngson announced the name of the candidate for the speaker election.
However, if the railway comes, all these special blessings will turn into ships and disappear within a few months.
Replying to the VPP's allegation that the MDA government has failed in the past seven years, Sangma said, “If there are any problems or issues, the VPP they should have brought that inside the legislature.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the drugs are worth T.1.05 crore.
And that it was from the religious proclamation of the beauty of the mountains, the beautiful and clean rivers, and the rivers and valleys, as well as the many kinds of plants which are also the most rare to find on earth.
Especially in the year 20212 – 2022, it has been written by hand, for 1200 farmers who receive 12000 tyngka per farmer.
Ahab's obedience to Jezebel and his disobedience to the God of Israel caused God to send a plague of famine on the land for many years.1 Kings 17:1
On the occasion of the death anniversary of Bah B Nishan Wahlang, Bah Herman recalled, “I asked Bah Nishan to explain or write about the issue of Khasi identity, in which I have set rules to tell the day. and it was this that urged Bah Spiton to investigate until the celebration was held with the ksing and dhah last year.
He said that the Council will consider holding the Monolith Festival from time to time at Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang and a Bill will be prepared so that it will be the duty of the Executive Committee of the Council to hold it regularly. the Festival is held every year.
One of them is Bah Skendrowell Syiemlieh who is a famous singer in Ri Khasi.
Djokovic also surpassed Rafael Nadal's 22 men's titles.
Speaking on the wind of change, Conrad said the NPP will spread to Garo Hills including Ampati and Tikrikilla in this election.
“The School Managing Committee has faced difficulties this year to raise funds to pay the salaries of the teachers, so the SMC has decided to seek the assistance of the MLA to pay the salaries of the teachers. MLA Wailadmiki Shylla has donated his monthly salary of T.2 lakh.
There have been 151 new cases of covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 4,3
He said it is not easy to admit that the situation in the state will disappear, but the incidents of violence have decreased in the state.
Shillong, Lber 23: A Havildar of the Assam Regiment Center (ARC) has been arrested on Tuesday for robbing an ATM near the Military Hospital, Shillong.
The program was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India through the screen speech followed by the Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I. Lawrniang, MCS. Speaking on the occasion, AK Tiwari, IRS, Deputy Secretary, said that the Government of India has launched many schemes for the benefit of the people of India.
Anyone who wishes to get these flags, can purchase them from M/s CP Enterprises (Ph-9862042360) and M/s K/Lato (Ph-9 price, less than 10% on retail price.
From 2019, a film based on the Ramayana has been announced and Madhu Mantena and Nitesh Tiwari will direct it.
The Delhi authorities have told the state leaders that the volunteer force is not a non-violent force, but violence is hidden within it.
Besides, he expressed his fear that if such a thing happens, he will not be able to go to the market.
The final between the two teams will be very interesting especially as they will have to play and showcase their skills against Azharuddin and also as the MCA will soon start selecting players for the upcoming season.
“One of the difficulties is due to the price increase and the cost of building a rynsan to produce biscuits,” said Bah Dlingshon.
Guy Ritchie has decided to make a second installment of Aladdin and the director of several beautiful films has decided that if the opportunity arises for him , he is ready to create and publish the second part of it.
The other two candidates are Kisborly Kharbani from Mawhati and FD Ramsiej from Umroi Constituency.
'The reason why children are involved in such crimes is because many of them are misled by watching mobile phones. These cases should be informed immediately to the family members and reported to the Police Station and should not be collected until medical tests have been conducted to obtain proper evidence.
He said that the state government has revised the price by setting it at T.7 tyngka, but these factories are still setting the price at T.7 tyngka. 4 rupees.
Referring to the reputation of Sohra across the state, he said that Sohra Constituency is lagging behind in terms of development and does not have a single community. Health Center and there is no sign of upgrading the PHCs, even though the current MLA is in the Government and listens as if everything is done.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that newspapers should not be bought by political parties. and the 30th anniversary of Mawphor newspaper.
If there are only children who don't know where they came from, then my children and grandchildren are from my mother Lyngdoh but I have given them Thongni and they don't know that they are from my mother Lyngdoh because they have counted. that they are the Thongni tribe as it is written.
The meeting was attended by all the affected villages and was able to talk and explain in detail about the Eco-Sensitive Zones which are like all the affected villages.
This incident on the opening day of the Budget Session should strengthen the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
A parent, who did not want to be named, said he had a problem with a private school in Tura.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has announced the 20-member squad for the Santosh Trophy North East Zone Qualifiers.
One by one, O children of the country, To keep our country, Don't be afraid of the unrighteous, For it will be a sin.
Shillong: There have been 93 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 122 recoveries.
Tura, July 25 : As a sign of raising awareness among the public on the threat of drug trafficking in the state and the increasing number of drug users, the District Administration of West Garo Hills District has decided to celebrate the Day. not to be broadcast Hon vehicles on July 26, 2023 from 8 am to 4 pm.
It is hoped that the 1st Legislative Assembly will have legislators, not the rich who have tried to get their heads through the political system for the sake of wealth and personal gain along with their families.
At the same time, Kitboklang said that the FKJGP is concerned about the delay in the construction of the 4 lane road from Umshyrpi to Umtyngngar.
Police said that at about 7:45 pm on Tuesday, Umkiang PP police stopped a vehicle at Damcherra, Kuliang on the NH-6 and during the search of the vehicle, they found items hidden inside the vehicle.
In MDA 1.0, the NPP has become smaller by reducing the number of Ministers from the party and by delegating key responsibilities to its allies.
Bhabok Marweiñ from the village, who sought information through the Right to Information (RTI), received a reply on November 14, 2022 explaining that the Work Order for the construction of toilets in the village has been issued. 108 households have been released since 01st June,
However, the MTC denied that it was aware of the price of the mur agreed between the Congress and M/s Pawan Hans Limited.
He said that on the 19th October, 2016, the leaders of the village had held a dorbar to discuss the issue of the army. The MDC also demanded that the EC of the district council and the state government should remove the military gate immediately.
The Advisory Board of the Ministry of Home Affairs has approved to arrest him under the PSA yesterday,” the statement said.
Therefore, he encouraged them to use this talent properly so that it will be of help for the future.
Bah AL Hek was accompanied by the Union Minister of Earth Sciences, Jitendra Singh and thousands of supporters.
“I feel sorry for the people who sat quietly on that day despite the rain and clapped their hands when the VAB was announced without knowing the truth,” said Ardent.
He said that most of the biggest earners in the state are foreigners who work in restaurants, dhabas, petrol pumps and others.
Firstborn Kharumnuid, Publicity Secretary of the union, demanded that they should be released without injury and without any conditions, as they are only contractors.
The CEM said that according to the Non-Tribal Regulation Act of 1959, the Council cannot issue Trading License to foreigners if it is the same business as the tribals. do.
Our Khasi Hills is one of the most beautiful countries because it has a beautiful nature, clean soils, clean valleys, clean drinking streams, clean flowers. flowering every season, beautiful shrubs, trees, hills and rivers and forty kinds of mineral resources to encourage others to flow into our country to earn money and destroy even the country.
The budget of the KHADC, according to the CEM, is for the three months for the payment of salaries to the members of the Council, officers, judges, employees in various departments. including retired employees.
There was also a question why the CBI is better or better than the investigation team appointed by the State Government. The question now among many is, what is really better? It is not easy for us to continue like this without seeing how the investigation is going and we cannot say now that they have not reached anywhere.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ksiang Bah Peter S Dkhar said, “I cannot say anything on this because I am not the one appointed by the Government to say.
To praise God for the grace and blessing he had given them a good farm and harvest.
Shillong, Lber 5: The State Government has confirmed that it will expedite the implementation of 21 Bills of the Khasi Hills District (KHADC) which have been pending for many years. Bill, 2014 has been passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He won 5-0 against Chinese Zhang Jiamao.
Please answer the District Council because the people want roads to make them comfortable and to speed up the development.
The Minister said that the government in the last four years has struggled to provide roads to almost every village and it is only this government that has been able to implement many development works through roads and paths in the country. West Khasi Hills.
Never.
About 30,000 metric tonnes of rice and 50 lakh gas cylinders were distributed.
All the young men and women were invited to participate in this preparation in order to teach them how to sing, dance, dress, dance and dance.
Speaking to reporters, it was said that there are about 500 Khasi, who live in the slasha farm in Jhimai and they should lose their land, because the Kedarpur Tea Company Limited, plans to to take possession of the land.
Thus the history of the coming of the Gospel and the beginning of the Church in the country cannot be separated from the history of the French rule abroad.
When the police signed the complaint, they conducted a thorough investigation until they arrested the suspect who confessed to killing the 5-year-old child and burying him. This child was in a forest near Laitkor.
Immediately after the incident, the Civil Defence, Home Guard and police rushed him to the Civil Hospital in a 108 vehicle.
More than half of women aged 19-45 are anemic.
As the Writers' Association, we understand that the children of the country and the nation as a whole have lost many of the benefits that we should have received.
The President of FKJGP North Khasi Hills, Bah Eddie G Kharbani, said that the FKJGP has received complaints from the people about the deterioration of the road from Umsning to Umtrew and the delay in starting the construction of the road. Umsning Bypass road has been increasingly confusing to the people.
He said that the village has received assistance from its MDC scheme especially during the lockdown which has donated food items to the poor families and has visited and helped the village for the expenses of quarantine. “The youth of the village who have returned from abroad during the fight against the disease,” he said.
He said that since 2013, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to make this area a Community Reserve in collaboration with the Wildlife Department and the Klaw Department.
“The cooperation between SHGs and VOs will increase income,” said Bah Banteidor.
Speaking to media at the BJP headquarters after a meeting with Rikman Momin, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that his wish with the constituency office bearers is to nominate Dr. Fenela. Because it has been affiliated with the party since the past years, when Bah Ernest Mawrie was the State President of the party.
Ranu Mondal, a popular singer at the railway station in Ranaghat, West Bengal, and her songs, which are slightly sweet and slightly sweet, have attracted the attention of an engineering student, Atinda Chakravorty. ring her songs and post them on social media.
The registration for the Gruha Jyoti scheme to provide free electricity to 200 units to all households in Karnataka has reached 55,000 as of 6 pm on Sunday. only on the first day of registration, the Electricity Department said.
If we compare with today, the price of the best leather juti in those years was only 20 tyngka.
“With the assistance of the Meghalaya Police, the arrest has been made,” Sangma said.
Although no trace has been found on the incident, the police have not lost hope and are conducting a search operation to find the people involved in the incident. to destroy the house of worship.
“When the hearts run away, the plant dies,” said the Archbishop.
“Do not pray to be seen by men... But when you pray, go into your karma, close the door and pray to your Father whom you cannot see...” (Bible).
All three children are brothers, sons of Jumonlang Suchiang and Linus Sumer.
These churches are not willing to fight against politics which is filled with corruption, deceit, lies to deceive the people with false promises just to get votes and win elections.
The Income Tax Department on Tuesday raided two residences and offices of former Congress leader Gangadhar Gowda and a school at Belthangady. Southern Kannada in Karnataka.
"For one two-wheeler, the driver will have to pay a license fee of T.700 per annum, while a permit fee is T.200 per annum if they operate only in specified areas such as the city. or district, but if you operate throughout the State, the license fee is T.1300 and the permit fee is T.
Explaining that the suspension of recruitment is not good, Sangma said that if the recruitment is suspended, many of the youth who should get jobs and have the opportunity to apply for these jobs, they shall pass away and lose their way.
During the meeting between the experts and doctors of the State which was held at the Courtyard By Marriott Hotel on Thursday to explain in advance the many requirements that need to be prepared before the start of the medical college.
Announcing the marathon at Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, MSOA Working President John F Kharshiing and Finely L Pariat General Secretary MAA and MSOA said that the marathon will be held at Mawkdok and the distance will be 10 km.
Shillong: The High Court has postponed the hearing of the Khasi District Council (KDC) case until Tuesday.
Speaking to media, after meeting with the Minister of Law and Justice, the President of the HYC, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, said that the demand of the HYC to resolve the The Roster is because the rules in the Roster have been too broad to affect the employment of our youth and there is also a conflict with the rules of the Reservation Policy.
He said the state is poor and the people need to work with the government to develop the state.
Not only that, the office should repair the parts that need to be repaired and ensure that all the transformers should be repaired immediately so that such incidents will not happen again.
The Institute is preparing these students to sit for the examination in November 2023 and to pass the remaining two examinations.
Who is the new King? What right, and what truth is that? I will not allow that King of peace, the King of righteousness, or the King of truth, to stand firm, and I will crucify him. door and ask questions.
The heads of the cement factories under the banner of the All Jaintia Cement Manufacturers Association led by RK Pareek as President and the AJCCTA led by the President of the Association Balen Thubru.
Students of Tep Kyndait Government UP School, Tuber Kmaishnong on 8th June, took to the streets to campaign against drinking and smoking, as a sign of celebrating the World No Tobacco Day
Shillong, Lber 13 : Union Minister of State for Platyngka, Nirmala Sitharaman has promised to support the state government during a meeting with the Chief Minister and Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya in the past few days. .
Working with Young Change Agents will help us to open the minds of the youth of the country, in a way that will give them confidence and understand the truth that can be achieved.
However, Dr Celestine asked the Speaker of the House, Thomas A Sangma, for clarification on how to deal with this issue. It is not useful to sit in the dorbar, especially for those who are in the opposition.
John Robert must have heard the story of an ancient Khasi child who cut down a tree through the temptation of the devil himself.
Shillong: Peace and order has been restored in Shillong especially in the areas where there was no violence last month, namely the Motphran area.
“...If God be for us, who can be against us?” Amen.
Therefore, it was decided to be more active in pointing out the lymbiang in society; but before you do, you must hold on to the juloi and give it to the dar, and then you must hold the juloi while it is still clean.
“So in Sohra, don't count on the NPP. So I am proud of the hard work of the leaders,” he added.
It is no longer a new matter to know or understand because from childhood we have been taught how to dress and wear clothes.
The troops who are ready to provide assistance and provide necessities in case of floods and other incidents in these areas have started providing assistance to the residents who are still in the areas. They are afraid that the displacement of people will continue.
Your fish also contains formalin.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, today said that in the coming days, the Ministry of Electricity will issue a directive or circular to all the offices of Government departments to monitor the electricity wires. equipment does not use electricity.
In this meeting with the DC of Ri Bhoi, the KSU together with the Village Leaders, the Syiem and the Seng Longkmie also handed over the Dulir land certificates to the DC to verify that the land has been occupied by the Assam, Honila Rynjah, has been the owner of the land according to the will of the Syiem of Raid Marwet since 1988-1 She is survived by her children, Phelet Rynjah, Suzan Rynjah and Arnold Rynjah.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The National Commission for Women (NCW) has conducted a survey on the relationship of women in society, income and politics in the state.
“As Bah Adelbert said that he introduced the Repealing Act, the Khalai Act has been rejected but later the government has introduced it this time and we hope that the rejection of this bill will happen as well. “It's like the Bill is just as he said,” he said.
In a letter to the Commissioner & Secretary, Food and Civil Supplies, the group said that its members are still in jail in Nongpoh and other places after the Meghalaya Police on They were arrested on charges of smuggling umphniang on the road in Ri-Bhoi.
The court has now allowed Mallya to appeal against the country within 14 days.
If this struggle for government jobs really starts, the relationship between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people will become farther and farther away and the time will come when they will be able to separate by giving up. you are your own state.
and he shall cause the waters to flow, and to overflow, and to overflow.
However, the plane also crashed after the militants opened fire on the plane that was carrying the dead and injured.
The old plant, on the other hand, was losing capacity.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of November in Khliehriat.
Maharashtra has 19,063 cases, 731 deaths and 3,470 recoveries, the health ministry said.
Also present were other EMs of JHADC, Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur, H.Deolangki Dkhar, former Waheh Shnongs Norly Ryngkhlem and Satly Ryngkhlem, Leaders & Members of the Executive Committee Village, Leaders & Members of the Village Executive Committee. Kyntilang Dkhar, Headmistress of the school said that the school was established by the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur in 1978 as Wapung Upper Primary School. School and was upgraded to Secondary Level in
He said that Amlarem has been transformed since 1998, and he confirmed that Jariañ PHC will be upgraded to a Sub-Divisional Hospital and the foundation stone will be laid on the 20th of this month.
The two organizations, the Karbi Students' Association (KSA) from Karbi Anglong District of Assam and the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) from Ri-Lum Jaintia, Meghalaya, held a joint meeting. Saturday, July 3, 2013 at Karbi Hemtun, 6th Mile Guwahati (Assam).
Titos said he had gone to talk to the Chief Secretary of the state to convey what the people have told him, especially as there have been many allegations against the SDO from the people. Amlarem, but he said that the CS has replied that there will be no such allegation.
Hopefully in 2023 we will elect legislators who will not hold the Legislative Assembly and who will not hold hands during the Legislative Assembly.
Moonlight was accompanied by his supporters from all over the villages in Jowai Constituency from his residence in Dulong to the DC office.
“She has worked hard to visit and take care of issues not only in Ri Lum Garo but in the state as a whole.
In this regard, Dr Mukul Sangma sought clarification on the 126th Amendment Bill to the Constitution.
Delhi, Jymmang 14: Union Minister of State for Development, Tourism and Culture, G. Kishan Reddy today addressed the Round Table of Indian Foreign Service Officers, held at The meeting was attended by senior officials from the Central Government, Diplomats and investors in various fields.
Regarding the Sou Motu Proceeding on the illegal mining of coal in the state and the government's failure to implement the orders of the NGT and Supreme Court, the court said that it has seen that besides the coal, They have been illegally mined and seized more and more coal.
These houses belong to Iada Paswet, Pher Paswet, Rasa Kyndiah and Mienbha Kyndiah.
They said that the people are now too tired and cannot refuse to take a strong decision in the polling which will be held in three months from today.
Expressing his hope that the NPP will win the elections next year, the Symbud Lamphang said that he expects the party to win at least 17 seats from the National Assembly. There are 24 constituencies in Garo Hills.
Strength does not depend on majority.
Thanks go to Ribor, as Music Director.
The election of the Speaker of the Sohiong Assembly Constituency has been postponed pending the election of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
According to MEMRIWU leader Bah Kharrasswai, the decision to cancel the strike was taken after seeing that the strike has not reached anywhere. The government has not taken action on this issue and has not been able to convene a meeting to discuss their demands.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The number of voters in Khasi-Jaintia Hills has increased sharply with the registration of 1,81,850 voters on the 24th of this month.
The first song is “Ka Por Samla” sung by Arman Dishir and Andrina Kharsyiong, composed by KK Garod, while the participants are Arman Dishir and Bari Mawlong. .
It also depends on the ability of those candidates to explain to the people and if they know how to speak, they will undoubtedly get the support of the people.
Silchar: Six months ago, Rajen Gohain, the Railway Minister of India, was accused of raping two women on the grounds that he offered them jobs; The names of three MLAs have been released, who have been charged with rape and involvement in the trafficking of women.
At the time of writing, the District Administration in Ri Bhoi, is still struggling to get a full account of the damage caused by the cyclone, which has caused severe damage to several villages. who is in Ri Bhoi.
The Commission also urged all those who intend to submit information/documentation to do whatever is necessary so that the hearing can be thorough.
There is no better list than this report today that provides so much information.
The Shiv Sena said the BJP's threats were no different from those during the Mughal rule, and Saamana said, "Is the President in your plan?" .
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, today inaugurated the Auditorium Hall of Umsawnongbri Village, which was built through The scheme was launched by Shillong Parliamentary Seat MP Vincent H Pala at a cost of Rs 4 lakh for the year 2016-2
However, even if they are expelled, they have to provide documents and they must also provide farmland, gardens and gardens as it is in the village and if they can do so, they will obey.
Shillong, July 25 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has demanded that the government should clarify the implementation of the Roster System whether from the beginning or from now on.
Kharkhana village is only 41 km from Amlarem Block and 65 km from Jowai city.
These children are from the northern part of our country and from Nongstoiñ.
“This issue is necessary, we need more time to discuss inside and outside the Legislative Assembly in the coming days,” he said. Paul Lyngdoh, who said earlier, “Let's talk, don't decide on Article
Shillong: The Association of Meghalaya Traders and Transporters (AMTT) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills against the illegal coal trade in the district.
It will be an opportunity to train young people who want to take part in politics. How can we work with different stakeholders in society? To conduct excursions of WCs to model villages.
However, he was able to meet with the leaders and through them he sent a special greeting to all the people of the constituency from the supporters to those who did not support.
The village has purchased land from private individuals and later requested work from the block for the purpose of water conservation and fish farming in the area within Sahshniang A village. The block office has also immediately approved the project which started in
Since ancient times, many religions in the world such as Judaism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Christianity, Jainism, Islam and others, have taken education very seriously to build their society. to the family, to the community and to the community.
On the CHC, he said that they have tried to improve but there are still many shortcomings and he expects to have a cooperation to develop it forward.
Police have taken the girl to Ganesh Das Hospital for treatment and police are conducting investigation into the incident. They found the people who had brought the child to the scene.
Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor led Umphyrnai SC to score two goals in the 8th and 11th minutes and two more goals were scored by Wanmebantei Kharkongor in 21 min and Dibormy Kharkongor in 23 min.
“I just asked the Council staff whether they have informed the Dorbar Shnong before conducting the inspection,” said Bah Shullai.
Patients receive care from trained staff.
In his speech, the Governor expressed his gratitude to these youths and informed them that the North Eastern Region of India is a region rich in terms of culture and traditions. the lifestyle of the various communities.
The vehicle was donated by the MLA of the area to the people.
They will look forward to taking football as a career in their lives,” said Eugenson.
There are 350 employees of the Assam Assembly Secretariat and the testing is ongoing. 18 people have died including both drivers and 123 others have been injured. An Air India Express plane carrying 190 people crashed at Karipur airport in Kozhikode, Kerala.
He said that out of 36 constituencies in Khasi Jaintia, the NPP will win about 20 seats and 16 out of 24 seats in Garo Hills.
Under the leadership of these three policemen, they left for Jangchigittim, Nongshram where the AMEF rebels have set up camp led by their new Chairman Matchang and their new Commander in Chief Cheang.
The Annual Sports Meet 2023 Inter School organized by Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Shillong has started today and will end tomorrow on the 5th June The match was held at Fr.Vendrame Football Ground, Law Roman, Mawlai.
He said that the bill will curb the entry of foreigners into the state through the work of Rangbah Shnongs, landlords and residents. “First of all, they need a place to stay and to do their jobs they need a NOC from the Rangbah Shnong, and that can prevent the illegal entry of mynder,” said the CEM. The Bill shall also be sent to the Prime Minister.
The Head of State from the Defense Ministry said that a CRPF convoy has arrived in Shallang area of ​​West Khasi Hills district to protect the insurgents in Garo Hills.
They came after the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016, which the BJP had fought hard to pass, failed after strong opposition from the North Eastern states. Conrad K Sangma led the meeting.
Russia's invasion of Ukraine has claimed to have destroyed 2,100 Ukrainian military bases, Major General Igor Konashenkov said. a spokesman for the Russian government.
But they cannot hide from God on the last day all the sins they have committed.
RDA MP candidate Robertjune Kharjarin said the issue they are against is the Hindutva ideology in the state and in India as a whole.
Perhaps this is the only village where visitors can get all the information about the village in one place.
“Of course, we all use mobile phones because we need them but we have to learn how to use them.
Daniel 9:25.
It should be given to the Dhar companies because they can do better.
No slaughter or sale of pork shall be allowed in the Infected Zone.
As soon as they reached the civil hospital, the lightning flashed, police said.
More than a dozen refugees injured in the bloodshed between BNP and JAAMAT supporters who decided not to participate across the country attended a rally in Dhaka Sgabagh on Tuesday. The actress and former songwriter who has now become a member of the central executive members of the Awami League to bring about the rule of the people against the Islamist opposition.
The reason why the residents were not allowed to hold the Dorbar was because they said that it was a Dorbar convened by the Assistant Secretary, Bah John Stelin Youroi. to call a full secretary and not an assistant secretary and this has been done since the time of the Kulong Kumah.
Judge Thangkhiew said that the presence of the District Council Court in Jowai has been a great help to the villagers who are from the state to fight their cases without having to go to the court. High Court.
Unfortunately, outsiders came to settle in the new city.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Stones Syiemphlang, Sordar of the village, acknowledged what was discussed with the elders and said that the most important need of the villagers is the Umbam. Umdih and Electricity, which as the people have been in darkness for more than 10 years.
Shillong: Many Hindu organizations in Assam on Tuesday called on Christians in Assam to remove the images of Jesus and Mary from schools and to stop the prayers in Assam. the assembly, because many of the students are Hindus.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 2: Since the beginning of the dam closure, the mystery workers and other contractors, have faced a lot of difficulties, because besides the shortage of contractors and no one to call contractors, but the price and the mur of the house of the LORD went up to the sky.
There, the United Khasi Hills District was established to provide for the Khadar system.
At the same time, the family members of the deceased urge anyone who has seen or has any information about him to inform immediately by calling these numbers.
Surprisingly, in 2012, with the support of some political parties, Small Phawa came to speak to journalists at Shillong Press Club to prove that he did not do this. rape, but he did it with consent.
It should have plenty of debris from trees or shrubs and should be well fertilized.
Speaking to media, Arena said she has nothing against the party but the reason is that she is more interested in the NPP because the party has skilled leaders.
All the coal owners also need food and when they need food isn't it time for them to think? Of course, imperfection is human nature, but to become a longbriew is not imperfection? We all need to be considerate of others.
Bah Olet Kharsahnoh Sordar of Jongksha Village as the Chief Guest, Bah Ïohbor Suting as the Chief Guest, in the presence of the elders of Mawkynrew, Mawdron SC and the public. audience.
But that’s just crazy thinking.
Chiruplang Pdang (34), Chanmitre Dkhar (41) and Sanborlang Kharshohnoh (49) scored for Lion while for Pynthorlangtein (32) for Surong.
“There is no delay as the construction is in accordance with the Detailed Project Report (DPR),” said Bah Dhar.
“If they have decided to join the NPP, we should not allow them to join peacefully but we need to set rules,” said Kurkalang.
His five-year service in GHADC ended on March 18,
At the same time, the JAC has urged the owners of vehicles to register their names under the umbrella of the JAC so that the activities can be carried out smoothly.
Hamrich Dkhar, founder of AJYWO, has resigned from the post of President of AJYWO and has been replaced by Reachingson Siangshai.
They said that they have no objection to the Agneepath scheme but they demand that those who have passed the examination not through this scheme should be recruited in the same manner as announced. at the time of submission of the application.
years ago in Jaintia Hills (Moodymmai) we were trained to cultivate tit because of the cold and dry weather. the Krishi Vigyan Kendrya, which has sent training and guidance to the areas where tit is grown.
“I am writing to you to inform you that a screenshot image has been posted on WhatsApp and the same image has been forwarded many times. ,” said Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh in a complaint to the Officer In-Charge, Laitumkhrah Police Station.
The victim was identified as Youdishtra Bhama, owner of M/S Kalyani Fuels Limited.
There is no other name in heaven or on earth that can forgive sins, heal sicknesses, cast out demons except in the name of Jesus.
This is the first time the US President has warned against Israel's attack on Gaza since Hamas launched its first attack on Israel. on April 7th.
He also urged the youth to go out and do good deeds in the community and to be brave to do useful things.
“While the peace talks are ongoing, it may also be an ulterior motive to facilitate all the activities by people who want to benefit themselves,” he said.
The large bodies of the law are cut into pieces and made into lyngkniap about 10 inches long and from these they remove all the leaves.
In Ribhoi District, 3 cases, 2 high risk cases and 1 screening case.
The HSPDP leader said that the ticket struggle in Nongstoin shows that the people have turned to the HSPDP. He said that only in Sohra Constituency, the party has voted for There are currently five candidates who have applied for tickets from the party.
If NOTA wins the votes of other candidates , the state Election Department has announced to contest another election in those constituencies where NOTA wins However, there is no requirement from the Election Commission if this is the case.
Thank you very much through these articles I hope they are like a lamp that sheds light on the stupidity of our people and I apologize to you who do not agree with these symbols of my thoughts because maybe in the situation young boy my mind has not yet reached the upper level.
In the over 40 category, Kriangrin scored two goals against Thawiar.
He added that after the government authorities took action, there was an understanding and there was no incident as reported on social media.
Therefore, corruption is the greatest enemy of any nation, state or country.
“The electricity is not there for four, five or eight hours, but the people get the same electricity as usual, without the shortage.
Shillong: The Congress party will announce the names of the candidates for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) election on 9th June
Speaking on the number of cases, Dr War said that in East Khasi Hills District, 30 people have tested positive for the virus including 23 high risk contacts from Keating Road, Anjalee. Lawsohtun, Lachumiere, Paltan Bazar Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai, Malki Ground, Judges Guesthouse, Mawbah, Langkyrding Jhalupara, Punjabi Lane, Pynthor Umkhrah.
The meeting was led by the MDC of Borato, Ri-ioo Sten, together with some of the village leaders of these 12 villages. promised to set up a temporary police station to restore peace in the area.
Isn't it the prayer of God? Now, stand up, poor, sit down, turn to the right of the bsein, to the left of the khla.
Besides Hamlet's supporters, other candidates who showed the highest turnout included BJP candidate from Shillong South, Bah Sanbor Shullai and BJP candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek.
The party said that the Act was passed without consulting the people.
However, the Congress has elected Bah Rani who has a close relationship with the MLA of Mylliemngap constituency, Bah Lambok.
“As the Khasi community and on behalf of the Federation of Khasi States, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, we cannot forget the sacrifice of Bah Chester and hundreds of other young soldiers. who were selected in September 1968 in the first batch of youths from Mawkhar Circle to volunteer for the Non-violent Direct Action (NVDA), to go out and stand with other youths. in front of the Assam Secretariat (now Meghalaya Secretariat) to ban standing in front of the gate of the Assam Secretariat on 10th September 1968, without worrying about what would happen and to demand NO Hill State NO REST in 1968,” he said. John.
In the morning, Mulong, the Langdoh, the Langdoh, the Dolloi and the Raij Jwai, were arrested.
BPCL Manager Sanjay Katori said that this is one of the ways to provide convenience to the people in the emergency services. You can book without calling your phone number and you can't bring your card. You can't use your card and pay. Inspection of petrol pumps in the state.
“Now you are in the hands of the court,” said Bah Ian.
Then God said, “The Lord will take away from you all the diseases of Egypt, and will not put on you (Israel) any of the diseases of Egypt, any of the evil diseases of Egypt, which you know. and thou shalt lay them upon all them that hate thee" Deuteronomy 7:12-1
What is more sad and sad is that not only animals but also humans are still eating.
Police said they have arrested two suspected arms smugglers identified as Rajiv M Sangma (25) of Rangmal Badim and Malstone N Sangma alias Malket (37) of Upper Chidekgre.
Along with these, 33 teams, including officials of the DPCC and the Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (DSIIDC), have been deployed to continue the inspection of the factories.
“However, there are working plans that have been submitted to the Government which are not suitable for lay bye and which cannot comply with the Trading By Non Tribal Regulations Act. “We have set up these check gates to check and not to encourage foreigners to come here without documents,” said the CEM. He said that it has been about five days since a complaint was brought to the Council by a group of truck drivers that there is a negligence of some agents at the toll gates in this regard. The show cause notice has been sent three days ago and 7 days have been given to respond. The Council will wait until 7 days and the EC will take a decision.
The Supreme Court is also looking into the matter.
The meeting was attended by members from all over the constituency, who expressed the need for the party to nominate suitable candidates and to announce the MLA candidate in due course.
“Another ISL champion, Hyderabad FC, has strengthened the team by signing Soyal Joshy (right-back) on a three-year contract.
When the doctor arrived at the hospital, he saw the man who had driven his car standing sadly on the bed.
Shillong, Nailar 02 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government is awaiting the report of the Magistrate's Inquiry into the riots and violence at CMO, Tura. on the 24th of May.
“Let Dr Mukul Sangma speak while he is speaking because he doesn't have any other issues to speak about and I know clearly that the residents of the village have also spoken. I'm sorry for you"
Furthermore, in his speech, he encouraged the players that when they play, they don't have any shortcomings compared to other players in other places.
To date, the films released by the company are still attracting the attention of the audience and this has been witnessed by the films Wonder Woman and Aquaman which have earned well at the box office.
After the 2nd October 2023, the wisdom, understanding as well as the ignorance and weakness of the people can be seen.
The session of the Bihar Assembly scheduled to be held from 10 to 24 November has been postponed.
Such a Bible is not the Bible of the Holy Spirit, but the Bible of the evil one which we call the Bible.
Shillong: U Napoleon Siej, Sirdar of Nongjri District, on Tuesday urged the state government to help the rescue of Rajesh Khongphai, who was stabbed in the head on Saturday morning.
Many people who have contracted this disease have written and expressed the dangers and pain of contracting or contracting this disease from the beds they sleep in to advise many people on how to treat it. and to think of himself.
If there is still democracy, the rulers have to give an account every election to the people for the work they have done for three years.
Speaking to reporters, Sadhu said that officials from the Defense State Office from Guwahati, came to attend the meeting to provide information on all the activities and measures taken by the office. related to the location of the Survey Hill.
These vendors said that they can open their shops only twice a day and when it was 10 pm, they had to close their shops immediately, because the police and security forces came. magistrate and all vendors have to obey and leave early as there is a lockdown around the market.
“When we attended the programme, I congratulated the MLA, who has given us development works in the village and many in Nongstoiñ. MDCs are not MLAs"
The first time that Khimusniang Village has held this event was during the MDC elections
Nongstoiñ : Clean and transparent governance is an issue that has been discussed for a long time in the state, but until now it has not succeeded because from the leaders to the people, they have not understood what it is. pure rule.
Colonel Alexei Sharov, one of the Russian army chiefs, was shot dead by Ukrainian troops in a tragic loss. military officials since World War II.
Shillong: The Union of Sordars of Krang Area (SSSKA) in Sohiong Hima, has strongly opposed the decision of the Executive Committee (EC) of KHADC to lift the suspension of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima. continue to suspend him until the proper conduct of affairs within the Hima.
Initially, the HPC said it accepted the blue print, but later changed its mind saying it was a misunderstanding.
“On the 16th of this month, a person who did not claim to be an IB Officer of the Ministry of Home Affairs offered to work at the Secretariat, Shillong through the MPSC and DSC and ordered the complainant to collect the money from all the officers. people who want jobs based on their qualifications.
Because the names have been cut off and many of the sentences have been erased, the writing is not clear, but police witnesses have gone to Cherish's house. , at 2.55 pm on the morning of the 13th of July, which was also the time of heavy rainfall. They called on those inside the house to obey the orders of the police, but at that time, someone broke into the first floor and it was also at that time, that it was forcibly opened. At 3.05 pm, the victim was still alive, but no one was taken to hospital. He said that at 3.05 pm, he was shot dead. because there was no ambulance at all.
It is the most valuable principle and the fundamental unifying spirit that has inspired the Khasi Society since time immemorial.
And there are many others who have done well in this field.
“Our Maitdein village has about 300 households and we are now in fear that a group from Borato village may attack us again,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Not only that, in order to detect excessive driving practices, the Group deploys personnel to conduct surprise inspections from time to time.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 7 cases including 3 health workers and 4 high risk cases.
According to Bah Bindo, the Committee has also read some of the issues raised by the Governor which need to be clarified and which need to be read.
Then he said, “It is the people like you who pay the salary.
“In a big party, it is the usual way to have such a protest but time will tell,” said the Rajya Sabha MP.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Ampareen said she has directed the police to investigate the incident since the clash between the two groups which reached the point of setting fire to vehicles parked in the grounds of the police station.
The college has also discussed with the village regarding this cleanliness and urged the village to put up a notice so that the people who visit the place do not pollute.
Daplin Pasleiñ from Umkyrpong Church won the first place and Sumarbha Manar from Kseh Church won the first place in the 100 m race for women. Phidora Pasleiñ of Pala Church came second.
Sanbor said that if he comes to power after 2018, his first goal is to eliminate the shiah of MUDA which is used especially when building houses. He said that another issue is to implement the VAB which empowers Rangbah Shnong.
Pat Cummins has been appointed as the permanent captain of the ODIs team after Aaron Finch retired from his post last year.
Speaking on the need to restore peace and stability in the field of income and trade, Ampati Zone UCPF General Secretary Webster G Sangma said, He said that the purpose of the meeting was to open the market for foreign traders from Assam.
Shillong, Nailar 2: After receiving a tip on the movement of Bangla ships in the border area, the BSF of BOP Gumaghat ex-73 Bn in South West Khasi Hills district conducted a search operation. vessels worth T.13,50,000 tyngka were seized from BP No 1203/MP. These vessels were used by Bangladeshis to smuggle stone from the country. The Jadukatta River is located within the Indian border.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 22: Rambrai area is in dire need of development works in education, roads, health and others.
Competitions such as 'Art', 'Extempore Speech' and 'Best Slogan' were also held for the students of Nongstoiñ Public Secondary School and prizes were awarded to the winners.
Speaking on the establishment of many groups, Bah Lapang said that the reason why he established various groups in the district was after he found that such a The district still faces many shortcomings, especially in terms of economic development.
Unfortunately, many caregivers believe that they do so and this is why many children are misled and face many problems.
According to media reports, the government has released T.40 crore for the North East Film Festival in Delhi, which the government says is a platform for the youth of the North East. to showcase their talent and skills in making films in which only 6 ethnic groups were allowed to participate.
Friends who have read my article published on 26.03.2020 entitled “The disease before and now", I believe you want to know more about the diseases, which have affected only the the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, especially the Maram and Lyngngam Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, EMH Passah said that the West Jaintia District Sports Association has a goal to promote sports activities in the district. Khroobok Passah, DSO-West Jaintia Hills said that the tournament is part of the efforts to promote the talented youth of the district. and to qualify for the Meghalaya Games to be held from 15th July,
Rudolf Eustace Laloo (PHF) Secretary Rotary Club Jowai The Rotary Foundation Trustees (PHF) said that the Rotary Foundation Trustees have taken the decision to include the Rotary Club in the project.
At the beginning of the tournament, the Raid Nongkhrah organized the tournament as part of the development of the talents of the youth and at the same time. as part of bringing about unity among the villages under the Raid.
He also requested the Chief Minister to say something to the government to revise the Reservation Policy because it has been seen that when the Chief Minister is elected, it is his duty. to do anything on that issue or to solve those problems of the jaidbynriew and it is no longer the responsibility of the political parties to do that because it has already been entrusted to the leader to be the ksiang of all these.
On Tuesday, Poonawalla said that 110 million doses of Covishield have been purchased from the Indian government of Rs 3,000 crore. , which was paid six months ago, was donated to the Government of India at the price of Rs 150 per injection.
According to the article, the price of the license is T.4000 tyngka.
Vyas, who returned to Mizoram from Delhi on Tuesday after talks with Election Commission officials, said, “The counting of votes will be held on November 3 as scheduled by the Election Commission. November 3 is Sunday and therefore, various groups in Mizoram have urged the ECI to postpone the counting of votes to another day.
At the same time, he said that the people of Khliehriat, have expected that the establishment of the new District in the past years, will bring many benefits to the people and especially to the youth in terms of gets a job, but it wasn’t what they expected.
But most are too young and incomplete.
Nearly 1500 people have been employed in government departments through the MPSC and District Selection Committees (DSCs),” he said, pointing to the need to create their own employment opportunities to improve the quality of education. to the income of the State.
In the second semifinal, the girls of South West Garo Hills District beat West Garo Hills District 25-09, 25-15, 25-2
At the same time, she congratulated the 58 Gorkha Training Center and the Assam Regiment Center for their hard work in ensuring that the retired soldiers receive their pension.
At the same time, he urged the students, teachers and the residents of the village to take good care of themselves when they have received such a good school building. for the future of our own children.
He said that the fire has intensified and spread due to the strong wind and also the rotten and dead trees in the forest, where dozens of trees have been destroyed. the houses were destroyed and destroyed.
The Rangbah Shnong of Moolamylliang, Bah Apmon Pachiang, who is currently in Mumbai to attend the conference and receive the award, said that the award will encourage the village. to the Village and the people of the village, because it is the greatest award of India and the world as a whole.
The blockade of the office was held in a smooth manner despite the siege of the Secretariat by the Assam Police.
When they entered the house, they dragged him outside the village and shot him dead, said a police source.
Even if you enter again, you will leave immediately.
Therefore, the residents have expressed their deep sorrow over the excessive snowfall and many animals have died.
This poster was handed over to the Minister.
In the RTI information, the reply was that it was a mistake that the sectional assistant did not see.
Speaking on the contribution of the project to the development of the community through groups or individuals, he added that the project will continue for another two years so that the people in the rural areas can get more. more for their benefit.
The annual review of the progress of the implementation of the policy, in accordance with the targets set for each implementation, shall be established by the MHRD and the States, and By 2030-40, the entire policy will be implementable, after which the review will be conducted.
“Therefore, to prevent such incidents from happening again, it is necessary to use children during the elections especially in the MDC to KHADC elections in 2024 and the MP Lok Sabha elections all political parties will be informed of this.
“There is a discussion here and there and so I give them, the opportunity for them to decide what they feel is right.
Police of the Ant Narcotis Task Force have arrested Dajied Kynsai Rangad and seized 1.79 grams of heroin from him. and you are young and you.
, how else can that person rule over others and they will believe and obey what he says, and they have created a system in his ideology – for example: Nazism.
Speaking on the demand of the Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah to relocate the Kharmetor residents of Lumsohra to the place where the government intends to relocate those living in Them Iewmalong, Ampareen said that it is not necessary to relocate the Kharmetor residents of Lumsohra. challenge others who are outsiders because only the owners are worthy.
Shillong, Nailur 25 : Kharang SC, Pingwait SC and Mawjam SC won the Mawkynrew Cup on Saturday.
Speaking on the issue, they said that dozens of villages in the Umden area have no food items in their shops.
If this Bill doesn't work, how much Khasi blood will disappear from the face of the Khasi people? What will happen to the nation, not now, but since thousands of years ago we remember that the Ri Khasi Jaintia has been in turmoil during the time of war but no one believes or believes, what can be done alone without u public? Even today, the threat to the people if foreigners from Bangladesh, Assam etc. come into the Bri u Hynniew Trep to live clean, and if this Bill does not have to be passed, we understand that the blood of Khasi the packaging will be lost in the rngai.
“Sitaraman has insisted that I should leave the Finance Ministry in July 2019 and that is within six months of taking over as Finance Minister,” he said. more.
The Nongkhlaw Hima was at war because the East India Company was building a road to connect the Brahmaputra and Surma regions for easy trade.
On this occasion, the Pa'iem said that the Mulors have not been forced to become Rangbah Shnongs and from today an order has been issued that the Mulors are no longer allowed to issue permits to verify their residence. This is the law of the Hima and if anyone needs it they have to come to the Hima authorities.
Bible commentators say that the word “righteousness” does not refer only to people who have passed a BA, MA or PhD, but also to shepherds who are illiterate but who have a skill and knowledge to shepherd the cows.
All these things are not accidents but because God has spoken.
Jowai, March 30 : The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, South Jowai.
Besides Momin, NCP leaders led by Jefferson Marak and Dabo M Marak joined the NPP at the rally.
Meanwhile, Bah Synrem, Secretary Health & Family Welfare and CEO of MHIS, said that under this scheme, assistance has been provided at a cost of T.2 lakh and up to five people will be covered with one smart card. pay only T.30 per year.
The arrested suspect is currently in Uttar Pradesh and is involved in the murder of Leiyaton Soro, 28, a nurse from Manipur who works at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
Earlier, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, while raising the issue, said that Article 371 should provide protection to the people of Meghalaya like Nagaland and Mizoram, where the laws of the government They cannot affect the customs, land, natural resources of the people unless the State Legislative Assembly approves them.
In this age, you don't have to be stingy.
“We have to have our own ILP villages, we need to find out what rule to get the ILP villages to make it easier for the Rangbah Shnongs to complain or inform,” said the Deputy CEM. He urged the Central Government to take action as many Manipuris have fled to Thailand but have also reached Meghalaya which is nearby.
New Delhi: The arrest of Amritpal Singh has come after he was too angry with his wife to be arrested himself and for this reason he did not want to flee India. also, because he believes that he has just escaped, his wife will be arrested or arrested by the police.
The Union also urges the Waheh Shnongs and residents of Jaintia Hills to love each other, unite, be understanding and cooperate in any activities to avoid being harassed by the people and the authorities. , concluded the statement by the President of the Union of Jaintia Hills, A Lipon.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said, “I congratulate the teachers for their efforts for our children and their responsibility”.
The 24-hour protest from 5 pm on 1st to 5 pm on 2nd July 2023, was a great success, as vehicles stopped moving and many shops were closed in Pynursla The Pynursla area is one of the areas where thousands of tourist vehicles travel every day, but today, the area has turned into a crowded road because of the lack of traffic. even commercial vehicles, private vehicles are no longer out and about.
He said that in a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teiñwell Dkhar on the 1st of this month, the party discussed the shortcomings of the Dorbar Shnongs as they do not have laws against preventing free movement into the village.
Nongstoin, Nailur 17: A 14-year-old girl from Lawse WKHD, has been raped by a robber named Bullstar L.Marshillong, 20, of the same village. the village.
“Discussions (with other tribal parties) are ongoing and nothing has been decided yet," he said.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Department has launched the District Nasha Mukt Bharat Campaign at the DC Office Training Hall, Jowai.
In the men's category, there will be up to seven groups and the top two teams from each group and four other teams will qualify for the pre-quarter. final.
These three districts are East Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
The Principal said that the purpose of the program is to raise awareness among the public that they should refrain from smoking or drinking alcoholic beverages. and the wicked shall defile the body.
After a while, Lajong had to play with only 10 players after Allan Camper Lyngdoh Nongbri (49) was sent off for a red card. card does not referee.
Dr APJ Abdul Kalam was one of the most prominent presidents of the country between 2002 and
At this meeting, the Village Officers for the year 2014-17 were renewed.
Two persons identified as Laltanpui (42) from Vairengte and Lallungmuana (40) from you are from N Vanlaiphai, Serchhip district.
This angered the orthodox Hindus and they were angry with the hero, but it saved many women from living even after the death of their husbands.
Similarly, from 1st November 2022 the number of inspections has strengthened once again and in fact for the year to 30th July 2023, which is expected to accumulate many more specimen per year.
Now we must ask ourselves carefully and justify why our ancestors avoided corruption. Because they want the future of their children behind their eyes, they will live happily ever after.
“We want a government that will look after the poor and needy," he said.
Because of this, some of those who have faced this disaster again this year, don't want to go to the BDO office for help because they understand that it doesn't make sense. even to old help, they give nothing.
If they travel to Assam for more than seven days, they have to inform the police investigating the operation of these illegal coal factories in advance.
However, it was fortunate to win many seats in Garo Hills and was able to form a new government.
The deceased were identified as Borman Rapsang (25) of Mawklot, Upper Shillong while driving a motorcycle while the other was identified as Bok Khongstiah (25) of 4 mer. Donborlang Lyndem, who lives in Sawmer, died before being taken to hospital.
In this age the people of the world have made wealth and glory their gods and have turned away from God and His Word, just as the Israelites turned away from God.
Bahnah was dressed like a city boy, while Deisy was dressed as usual.
Biden is a strong Catholic and does not hesitate to speak out about his religious beliefs.
Try to find other ways first but not by stopping earning.
At the same time, the RBYF has expressed its surprise at the government's decision not to take over the land at 19Mer, because according to section 4(2) of the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in The Raid and Hima rulers have not yet received any information on this intention of the government.
The union is surprised that according to the information received through the orders of the Supreme Court, Aadhar cannot be forcibly implemented in our state.
After his arrest, he was handed over to the Kumbi Police Station for further investigation.
By doing so, they also aim to remind the people of the problems they have faced due to the illegal activities and mismanagement that we are witnessing under the leadership of this present government.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, has promised to pay the salaries of the Emergency Contract Workers of the Department of Health Service (DHS) for the remaining six months.
She said that such illegal activities committed by these armed police should be strongly condemned.
The gold weighed 1632.450 grams and was worth T.1,01,78,326, said a statement from the CCP. CCP officers have arrested the suspect from Jhalupara.
The Yatra will be held in 14 states and 85 districts of the country, starting on 14th July and ending on 20th October. Manipur is about 6,200 kilometers from Nagaland, Assam, Meghalaya, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Orrissa, Chattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajashthan, Gujarat and Maharashtra.
Is Rupang a Khasi newspaper?? “There was no prior agreement that the speaker should be from the UDP: Tynsong”.
The total number of cases in Assam has now reached 5,873 and 10,894 have been discharged from hospitals in the state.
Shillong: There have been 124 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 100 cases from East Khasi Hills.
Boys HSS won the gold medal, Saniwanka Dkhar of Kiang Nangbah Govt HSS won the silver medal while Rebecca Syiemlieh of Govt.
She said that the Pradhan Minister Formalization of Micro Food Processing Enterprises Yojanaka has assisted 2.4 lakh SHGs and 70,000 people through loans.
Kumaresh A (Tamil Nadu) was beaten by Aronyak Ghosh (West Bengal).
Those who come from abroad will be tested at the entry points by RTPCR and will stay at these night shelters, where the results will be announced within 48 hours.
Speaking to media, the Minister of State, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Permanent Secretary of MSCTE has been appointed on the basis that Polytechnic Schools have been established in the districts, including MSCTE. Shillong, Tura and Jowai and four others to be built.
The militants were arrested at 11.45 pm from Dorangre village in West Khasi Hills after a search operation between SWAT, CRPF, BSF and state police.
Shillong: Mizoram, who won the Hero Junior National Football Championship last year, beat Punjab 5-4 in the penalty shootout. today at JN Stadium, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, MIPRL-M Spokesperson Erwin K Sutnga said that the NGT's involvement in Meghalaya is a matter of concern. the Sixth Schedule.
The body of Kong Deilana was laid to rest at Loompyrdi Iongpiah (San Mala) and the funeral service will be held on 24.08.22 at 10 pm at Khimusniang Cemetery, Jowai.
There are many names of doctors who also serve as sisters or as doctor nuns who are not ready to help.
This shows that the government respects these workers.
Suddenly he saw the ryngkuh cock climbing on the body of the female cow one after another shiphew cows by force to pull them from their heads.
Gomati district Hindu leader Jagran Manch said a group of Hindu Samaj members and some parents had met the principal of Don Bosco School with a request to celebrate Saraswati. Puja at this school, as Christmas is celebrated by all, because most of the students are Hindus.
“Until now, the illegal mining and trade of coal is still going on in the state where even the media from these areas do not dare to write about this because of the threat and this shows. clearly if the case remains here we will not get justice".
Their grief is, they say, “We have lost worship.
On the other hand, Gobind Singh Longowal, head of the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC), strongly opposed Mohan Bhagwat's statement that he called India a "Hindu Rashtra"
As the days go by, the name and honor of 'Mot Phran' has declined in value because it seems that the country and the nation no longer value him. The Ruh-nar, which surrounded the Mot Phran, was filled with garbage and rubbish, which was too small to look at.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Amlarem in a statement sent by Daniel Khongsit, President Siang Min George Lacuna, Secretary, has congratulated the Chief. The Minister, Home Minister and Local MLA, DC, SP West Jaintia Hills, SDO Civil Amlarem have sent troops to patrol the Border Wing of the Home Guard in Bakur, Dawki Muktapur and other places to prevent illegal entry. and robbery of Bangladeshis in villages on the India-Bangladesh border.
They can occur at any time leading to serious brain damage such as subarachnoid hemorrhage which is a life-threatening stroke.
Nothing was found in the house, but Lalcha admitted that he was one of those involved in the smuggling of the drugs.
I agree that the time has come to sit down again to review the Job Reservation Policy, which dates back to
The President of the Mawshbuit Taxi Owners Association, Bah Riwinroy Kharbuli, said that the meeting with the Chief of Assam Rifles was to express their protest against the fact that for more than two months, the Taxi Owners Association (MRI) has been blocking the road. of this parking lot in Mawshbuit.
Indian tennis star Sania Mirza has been offered a job in one of the cricket teams of the tournament. the women of the Royal Challengers Bangalore; She has been appointed as the Mentor of the Women's Premier League for the first time in the Women's Premier League.
SS Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills, inaugurated the lights in the presence of Dr Sankey Shangpung, Chairman JHADC. shaped only by planted trees which also bears the fiftieth anniversary logo.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Barkos Warjri who said that the Soil Department as a whole is pleased that it has been able to implement these development works in Sohra. and the beauty of the Sohra area,” said Bah Warjri Addl.CS of the state.
“I have spoken to the Minister in charge and he has said to proceed smoothly and if necessary, police will be sent to accompany us.
Because the strength and well-being of the family comes from society, the family must contribute to society for its strength and well-being.
Those who do not have a Labor license have to go and get it and if they don't have a Labor license, the Council will punish them.
"“What shall I do, my son, if he sees that he is needed at home?
“We don't want a person who is dangerous to the nation to sit on the CEM seat, so we are going to confirm and we are going to support the PDF,” said Londoner Sohtun.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the KSU, Donald V Thabah.
If you speak the truth, you will have many shortcomings.
On the other hand, the management of these hospitals have promised to join hands with the government in the fight against Covid-1
At the meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs also suggested to strengthen the security in the border areas by deploying the Meghalaya Home Guard. patrolling the border police to the area.
G.Kharmawphlang, IAS (SCS: 2014), Deputy Commissioner, Ampati has been promoted to the post of Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang and W.Nongsiej, IAS (SCS:) 2011), Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang was transferred as Secretary, Prisons & Correctional Services Department.
Parking No. 1 will be at Madan Shnong, Parking No.2 will be at Government Place, Parking No. 3 will be at Government Place, Parking No. 4 will be located nearby. Parking No 5, located at the property of Bah Sandy Bamon, will be managed by volunteers.
Therefore, this is a great opportunity for students, especially for school children who have not yet used their phones, to talk to students by phone or text massage. You can watch pornography, spend time listening to music as you like by downloading new songs or watching pornography.
He said that the fight against this disease is not only with the government alone, but with the cooperation of all, but if we don't know how to protect ourselves because we don't know the people affected. you are sick.
Agartala: Four new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in Tripura.
Therefore, the TMC candidate appealed to the people of Umroi Constituency, to be wise in judging, because the people of the state as a whole, look forward to the Umroi in this year's elections and to produce the leader of Ri-Bhoi and the state.
The new rates approved by the agency in November, 2023 include a 43% increase of the rate base also considering inflation for the period between November 2015 to October 2023.
According to the order issued by the Court of the Session Judge, on the 6th of this month, the incident happened on the 2nd of March 2008, when the robber kidnapped The girl was taken by her own jeep to a place known as Phodkynthei and committed the crime. A case has been registered against the suspect. He was also charged under Section 376/3
Shillong, Naiwieng 4 : The Regional Committee for the demarcation of Ri Bhoi District headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong has met in the past few days and decided to convene soon. A meeting of all the Syiems, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, KHADC and leaders from the border with Assam to discuss the border settlement with Assam.
He truly praised his goodness and faithfulness.
Amparren said that the Symbud Myntrirangbah is not in Shillong at present and she hopes that as soon as he returns to the state, he will be able to move forward with the peace talks.
The opening of the Civil Hospital Khliehriat is only for the upgradation of the signboard as the hospital has many shortcomings which show that it is only for public arrangements as the MLA elections are approaching. The hospital does not have an X Ray machine or USG machine which are the necessary equipment to diagnose the disease.
Many times we have heard that children and students are the future of the country and the nation as a whole, but if this continues due to power outages from time to time, what is the future of the children? and thy disciples shall come? The young man asked.
However, in this age, it is difficult to find children who say that,” he said.
This is wrong so wait for the investigation to continue and complete so that the facts will be revealed,” said Pretone.
“Let us ensure that our nation, which is the only Austro-Asiatic languages ​​that survives in India, we deserve to see our language included in the Constitution of India. ," said Mr. Paul.
PETs should not be over 45 years old and admission will be on a first-come, first-served basis.
The training was conducted in collaboration with the Ministry of Community and Rural Development, the Office of the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, the Ministry of PWD, PHE, Agriculture, Commerce and Industries and the District Legal Service Authority. Flood District.
According to him, the ILP has its own advantages and disadvantages.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says 6,503,030 people have been infected with the virus, an increase of 35,549 from the previous year. There are 193,705 people in the United States.
Those who witnessed the event included Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, BJ Kharshandi, PD, DRDA, Bur Khongtongkut, Mathew Makdoh, Project Economist. DRDA, along with other elders of the area.
Explaining about the bridge, Bah George B.Lyngdoh, said that this issue is not new, but it was four years ago and it has been a demand for construction. He said that the state government should build a bridge so that it will be safe for the traffic, but he expressed his regret when he saw that the government has started to move around, until they saw that the bridge was no longer suitable for traffic.
They have been sent to the court to seek permission to hand over three days to the police for investigation, said the SP. Earlier, the police had admitted that there were about 20 youths involved in the incident. ther maw to the police on that day.
The meeting of the contractors will discuss the issue of the case against the Asian Development Bank sponsored project called by the PWD to improve secondary schools in Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Hynniewtrep, Dr.W Kharshiing and others.
The Minister said that in order to ensure the smooth running of all facilities in Manipur, officers in the rank of Joint Secretary from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India and four officers in the rank of Directors of various government departments will don in the state.
Ma Starling Rupsi (Dkhar), in a mobile interview with Rupang, said that they had three brothers and they had been looking for a place to stay from 9am to 12pm, but they could not find it. of the Children.
She said she was ready.
In July, the Government had announced the appointment of an Advisory Board headed by a retired Judge of the High Court to implement the provisions of the PIT-NDPS Act in the State.
A prisoner of Jowai District Jail who tested positive for COVID-19 has died at the Maternal and Child Health (MCH) Hospital, Panaliar, Jowai.
Teachers from various schools and colleges in Jowai city attended a special workshop on the topic “How to teach Khasi language in schools”.
The cold weather has affected especially the trees which have started to bloom and other plants which have started to sprout.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, today promised to summon the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary to discuss the issue of RTI seekers. RTI, they have met in the state where the state government does not support them.
The idea of ​​“patriotism” in the context of self-government, by electing their own leaders, should be based on the following principles:1
D) at the Department of Education, Mahatma Gandhi University, Meghalaya on 27th June,
Therefore, even though they have launched protest programmes, they have not affected the people, the farmers and especially the school children and students.
The Chief Minister will have to take responsibility for the Constitutional Crisis which he himself has brought about, namely, that the Council of KHADC has complied with all the rules of the AD Rules 1951 in the completion of the elections. the CEM within 48 hours, especially when the UDA candidate withdraws from the election.
He is currently an Assistant Professor, Department of Philosophy, Women's College, Shillong.
About 500 SHGs and about 50 Village Organizations including banks in the district participated in the fair.
This was after he inspected the roads in the areas of 9lad, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah etc. after the heavy traffic jam in these areas due to the attempts to drive through the 9lad road.
Another shop that was closed down according to the records of KHADC is the shop of Uma Sharma, but when the KHADC authorities went to close down the shop, a woman who is a foreigner who lives in The shopkeeper said that it is not her shop, but it is owned by the owners. The shop is called 'Ryntathiang Store'
JSM President and General Secretary Leningstar Rymbai and Roitre Dkhar have lodged a complaint with IFS Deputy Inspector General of Forests (NEZ) to strongly oppose the public hearing. The meeting was scheduled to be held on 30th July 2020 as this area falls under the Eco Sensitive Zone of Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
On arrival at Bajengdoba, he was handed over to the police with his belongings and the police arrested him, the report said.
Following the incident, Gurugram police launched an investigation and arrested two persons while another is still missing, the report said.
In the second leg, Ladthadlaboh beat Sailung Ialong 1-0
Shillong, March 01 : The demand for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule is no longer new but has been going on for a long time under the leadership of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS). The National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya is also the former Minister of State, Bah Hamlet Dohling.
Those who do not receive the food from the Fair Price Shop or who charge more than the price can lodge a complaint with the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem by stating their name and the village to punish the ration shops.
“Thus, the expenditure of Rs 22.24 crore for the construction of the market has been stalled for 47 months without completion without achieving the target as allocated,” said the report.
The death of Jesus on the cross is not the end but the beginning, for from here he will renew all those who believe.
He said that according to his information there are 7 suppliers but unfortunately they cannot deliver the books on time.
As for their performance, we will see in the results of next year when they are in the higher class – those who pass well, but those who do not pass well! I believe that the government will take action on this request. Thank you very much. There are private schools that have sent their fees.
However, the party cannot help but turn back and turn to the Creator to protect the country and the nation from the dangers.
The GRDI shows that those with a score of more than 70 are the most backward in terms of economic growth and income.
In this regard, he said that relations between the two Koreas (South Korea and North Korea) have reached the point of ending cooperation completely due to the conflict. happens from time to time, especially in connection with North Korea's frequent missile attacks which have endangered the peace and stability of South Korea and its neighboring countries.
We have made it clear that until the Government has dropped all the cases against the leaders or until the social ceasefire has been signed, the Chairman or General Secretary of the HNLC will not be able to take part in the table. Chairman cum C-in-C Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary HNLC Saiñkupar Nongtraw said in a statement.
He said that on Tuesday, there were also 45 residents of the state (mostly students) whom the government had evacuated from Imphal and Churachandpur.
The city will also host the final at Vivekananda Yuba Bharatiya Kriranga (VYBK) on the 3rd of November.
The Principal Secretary, Police, KS Kropha, said that the attendance of employees on Saturday was about 50 per cent while in other districts no exact information has been received.
Replying to a question in the House by MLA Winnerson D Sangma, the Minister said that the government has set a target to implement the project from November but the final decision will be taken by the GST council on Kane.
About 400 firefighters have rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government will soon respond through an Affidavit to the Meghalaya High Court regarding the Roster System for the implementation of the recruitment quota. (Job Reservation Policy) within the State.
The remarks came after an Indian government minister admitted that Indian troops had launched an attack on rebels inside the Myanmar border and destroyed two of their bases.
Police in Ri Bhoi District have seized heroin from a vehicle coming from Guwahati and heading to Shillong at 7 pm on Tuesday. you don't have the right to sell drugs.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PT Passah, said that the meeting with the Mazdoor Union was successful after the Union The government has decided to stop the protest by threatening to stop the import of oil to Meghalaya.
Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) led by Samla Readian S Nongrum today met with the Registrar of NEHU, Dr JN Nayak, to discuss the delay in the opening of the university. release the BA result of the Sixth Semester.
My mother ordered me to cook for him.
So far, only one of the suspects has been arrested and the search is ongoing for the other three.
Then the muktiar replied, "Yes, the temple is not empty, but it has only the name and glory of the King.
“The PM KisanNidhi scheme, which provides financial assistance to farmers of T.6000, but the MDA government has introduced the FOCUS scheme, the One Ration One Nation Card, which has been implemented in all states but in Meghalaya it has not. have.
A statement sent to the media by the Jammu & Kashmir Police said that during the preliminary investigation, it was found that the arrested persons were involved in collaboration with the Jammu & Kashmir Police. foreign group.
Shillong: The BJP candidate Brighstarwell Marbaniang has won the Mawlai constituency election by Teibor Pathaw. in Tripura, in 39 constituencies, while the Left and Congress have won in 15 constituencies and Tipra in six constituencies.
The union will also meet with the Deputy Commissioner of the district tomorrow to seek a report on the progress of the works regarding the road.
Before all these meetings, the Rangbah Shnongs were present at the Grand Council of Chiefs led by Bah John F Kharshiing.
He said the BSF themselves will stop them from repairing the road if they find that it is Within 150 yard but we are surprised to see the BGB forcefully entered and interferes with our work which they are not supposed to do that.
However, steps should be taken to regulate and stop illegal spending, to take income opportunities that will generate more income and above all to empower all the children of the household, male and female through In order to accelerate the economic development of the state to achieve this goal.
Fifteen Hindu students were injured on Sunday after Islamic students stopped and prevented them from celebrating and performing religious rituals. 'holi' at a school in Punjab Province in Lahore, Pakistan.
The incident happened at 1:30 pm this morning, when the Assam vehicle driven by Dr. SP Sharma, was coming from Guwahati to Shillong. But when she came to the place, she struck the young woman until she was seriously injured.
She also questioned whether the police had received her signatures, as alleged.
The Seinraij Tuber invites everyone to witness the Behdeinkhlam festival of the raij to celebrate together and respect each other and without any religious feelings for the sake of preserving the culture and customs.
According to sources, while the talks between the two Congress MDCs and the party leaders are ongoing, the talks with another group are on the way.
The region is located between 25 and 26 degrees north latitude and 90 and 93 degrees north longitude.
Little Stars English Medium SS (EWKH) beat Rongsang A.Bagre SS (SWGH) 5-0
In the women's category, Marqueenless Ramsiej from Sakwang came second, Ibandarisha K. Wanniang from Jakrem came second and Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin from Sakwang came third.
With the creation of the constituency, the areas under the constituency will be divided into Mylliem, Langkyrdem and Sohra.
In 2012, the college scored 95 percent in the BA final and 100 percent in the BA 2nd yr.
Blood donated from one person can help 3 people in need.
The NH 62 is a very important road from Duhdnoi in Assam to Karonggre in West Garo Hills.
Organized by the Department of Tourism and the Department of Arts & Culture, the tournament will feature Naga music, dance, food and drink, archery, lympat, traditional games and you are playing sports.
In the second match, Sohra Combine CC won the toss and elected to bat first against Pomshutia CC. Sohra Combine CC scored 138 runs. and lost six wickets, and all 20 overs were spent.
I believe the government did not reimburse them.
The Bishop of Tura, Rev Andrew Marak, congratulated the three brothers and requested them to elect Rev. George Mamalassery, Bishop of Tura. He was awarded the Padma Award for decades of missionary service in Garo Hills and other parts of Meghalaya.
I said that even if there is a college in the remote areas of Garo Hills, Khasi-Jaintia Hill and Ri-Bhoi who express their problems, it is necessary to talk about those problems first.
The cows were brought by trucks near the border areas and were passed through forest roads in the border areas such as Ratacherra, East Jaintia Hills District. They fled from the hands of the BSF troops who tried to arrest and arrest them but the troops could not find them.
Many places or villages especially those in rural areas are facing difficulties in relation to online classes due to the increasing availability of internet.
In India, the United Provinces is the best place to grow it.
Shillong, March 27: There is a young boy in the North East, who has an amazing power, and his ability to recognize all kinds of diseases in the human body just by shu paint with your eyes.
Meanwhile, Bah Larsing M Sawyan said that this is a memorable day.
“This company has been waiting for 10 years and suddenly they have filled it. This company will not listen and they will have to ask for clarification on this and if this happens we will not be able to see the Medical College anymore. in the state".
The area falls under the elephant road and residents said that elephants have recently moved to parts of the Garobadha-Selsella road.
At the same time, the DC said that the relevant authorities will pay the compensation for the land.
Mawpat Circle-II will play against Dream Clippers (Shillong) at 12.30 PM and Khlur Ka Ri (Shillong) will play against Jaroit SC at 12.30 PM. at 2.30 PM. The federation invites all football fans to come and witness these matches with their own eyes.
All you have to do is rinse your face with Micellar water and rinse off the dirt on your face and then rinse with water.
Samla Maitshaphrang Kharwanniang in his speech, first of all expressed his gratitude to God for raising and caring for him at all times and for giving him the special talent to be one of the cycle riders. who is skilled.
According to him, the people including the youth have more confidence in the Congress because they see that it is the only party that has clear and sustainable policies in the development of the country. all in the state.
Although from time to time the district councils receive direct funding from the CM but that money is used by the councils to implement their own schemes.
He said that the celebration of the Aqua Fest is also a recognition of their hard work to promote the fish farming industry in the state which is one of the goals of the state government not only in the urban areas but also in the rural areas. Fisheries farming plays an important role not only in income generation, but also as one of the sources of employment especially for the youth in this age to stand on their own feet and through the State Aqua Culture Mission.
The opening ceremony of the new school building of Mawkynrew Presbyterian School was attended by the school authorities, village leaders, teachers and students.
“Even after we have warned and urged the people to stop the smuggling, but this illegal activity has increased and they have not refused to come forward to arrest the smugglers and we have handed them over to the law enforcement authorities. ," said Lymba. The HNYF has deployed its volunteers in many villages and urged all those involved in these illegal activities to stop immediately so that the victims can escape. “It's a lot of trouble in the coming days,” said Lymba.
The ration will be distributed before 30th August 2022 at all ration distribution centres.
In order to curb smoking in public places, Pramod Kumar, Project Manager of SAMBANDH Health Foundation, on Tuesday, 8th November, while visiting Nongstoiñ, met with the District Police Chiefs and held a meeting with the District Police Chiefs. The meeting was held at the hall of the office of the Superintendent of Police.
g) The inability to bring about a majority decision on the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam which will lead to a change in the map of our state.
Pinna was previously a resident of Doda district.
Shillong: The Hills Farmers Union of Ri Bhoi District on Saturday submitted a petition to the Lok Sabha, Bah Vincent H Pala MP, demanding that the government should introduce a The government has increased the price of marrep in the state.
The construction of the bridge started in 2019 and 196 job cards at a cost of 50 lakh tyngka were used as salaries for the workers.
Therefore, in connection with this incident, the union demands that the government should conduct a thorough investigation, so that all those involved in this act which is against the rights of women to be brought to justice. so that it will bring about the safety of women in the state, he added.
In the past years, he said that the participants had to travel to other states to audition although there was no guarantee that they would be selected. It was a waste of time and energy but now they have the opportunity to fight in their own state.
The Incidental Challan is a challan issued by the Forest Department when minerals are mined during the construction of houses or other works, but private individuals who mine in collusion with the staff of the Forest Department The Government has taken advantage of this by issuing this Incidental Challan as one of the ways to smuggle coal from Jaintia Hills to other states of the North East and even to Bangladesh.
Mawkyrwat, November 17: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) has been working to help the low income people especially the poor and needy families in Mawkyrwat. The inauguration ceremony of the voluntarily built house at Wah Mawpat village, Raid Saw Symper, East Khasi Hills District on Saturday.
According to the letter submitted by the Hima Nongmynsaw to the DC, these villages are under the list of Areas of Difference in the Langpih Sector and they have shown and expressed their willingness and willingness. to remain within the State of Meghalaya in the settlement of the boundary between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam in this second phase.
This book provides very important information especially for church elders and church committee members and for all.
Shillong, Nailar, 21: The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) on Tuesday welcomed and welcomed the fact that the Government of Meghalaya and Assam have moved forward to hold talks for the second phase of the border settlement.
Roshan said the Government cannot provide police to patrol every petrol pump, but only in cases of necessity.
The seized items were handed over to the customs office for further investigation.
Research has shown that poor oral health can contribute to some cardiovascular diseases such as infective endocarditis, kidney diseases and many other problems.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The East Khasi Hills Police have called on the Tourist Taxi Association and Local Taxi Association to work together to curb crime in the district. The meeting will be held at 3 pm on 26th July 2016 at Shillong Sadar Police Station.
The program started from the 1st to the 28th of this month and was sponsored by the Sports Department of the State Government through the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
This comes after scientists from around the world demanded that the WHO should issue guidelines to the countries of the world on how the disease affects the respiratory system. of a man.
All this is because parents do not take into account the season and time whether they are able to do so or not, it is very dangerous to let their children play with a knife.
The union also strongly condemns the parents of Paul Leong and Kimfa Marbaniang who came to attack the KHADC officials and journalists by leading foreigners.
“The Chief Minister has decided that all districts of the state will have Government Medical Colleges.
Josimuddin, on the other hand, has filed a complaint in the court against Amrit Cement after he was dismissed from his management or trade in dewbilat with the company. deposit which he deposited at the time of signing the contract to manage the dewbilat produced by this company.
Shillong: There have been 488 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
This country must survive, its democracy must survive.
The illegal mining of coal continues in East Jaintia Hills even after the High Court has issued a strict order to dismiss the district authorities as they cannot curb it. illegal mining and quarrying in the district.
Shillong: The residents of Sohiong district today protested against the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to demand the removal of Bah Phrident Sing Thabah, Acting. Priest and to re-appoint the former Priest, Bah Bashemphang Thabah.
Police said two persons were killed and three others seriously injured. The injured were taken to hospital for treatment.
Investigation revealed that 1001.655 kilos of kynja were seized from the ground floor of the house.
The Waheh Chnong of Moolamylliang, Bah Damewanhi L.Rymbai, has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Jowai Municipal Board to provide land for his coal mine at Pynsymroo. East Jaintia Hills District for 10 months.
“We will go out public one day and we urge everyone, we will call the village, we will inform the public...we will hear what the outcome of that meeting will be.
Rida didn't want to ask her mother; but because she was 18 years old, she had a little thought that her mother might think of Panah.
This taxi stand has been around for a long time and many people know it well and it is also a more convenient and central place to take a taxi and meet someone. .
On the other hand, the Seiñ Raij Tuber wishes that through this completion of the ritual, the disease will be driven away and the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber will be healthy and also the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber. The land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum and through this ritual will bring peace and harmony in the village and the community.
The truck bearing the plate number AS 01 DC 6263 was passing through Ri Lum Jaintia which is the richest area of ​​coal in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) has launched a rally against the government led by the Union Minister of State for Telecom, Ravi Shankar Prasad. The BJP has rejected the postal stamps of Indira Ganshi and Rajiv Gandhi.
Besides, the proposals that try to intimidate and deceive are only an attempt to silence the leaders who speak out for the sake of the people.
On the other hand, these organizations had tried to talk to the employees of the Post Office, but after waiting for the closure of the Post Office from 10 am, However, the management and officials of the GPO who were waiting for the Inspector to come to the office did not come to close the office.
Conrad said he still holds on to the teachings that his father taught him before he entered politics. “His teachings are always in my heart and mind. The day, my father taught me before I entered politics, he said you got the opportunity to study in Delhi and around the world is through the permission of the people but remember that thou shalt repay the people of this land by working for them in thy good deeds.
Shillong, July 11: The Mawphor and Highland Post newspapers on Saturday paid tribute to their founder, Bah RM Marweiñ on his second death anniversary.
In this game “NEW FOR THE RIGHT LEADERS FOR THE STATE OF MEGHALAYA” the slogan is, “THE LIFE OF THE FUTURE IS THE POWER OF THE TOMORROW”.
Post Name:- Statistical Assistant/Sub-Inspector of Statistics/Statistical AssistantNo of posts:- 9 (1+7+1)Department:- Directorate of Agriculture/ Directorate of Fisheries, Shillong.
In the second half, Brillion Chyne scored two goals in the 76th minute and Bryan Shadap in the 80th minute.
Ladthalaboh beat Salaroh 6-0 in the U-17 Independence Day Cup Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
Today, India is in a leadership position in the generation of electricity from other sources.
The truck caught fire suddenly when it arrived at the scene and the cause of the fire was said to be a broken wire inside the truck. The fire spread to all parts of the truck.
Speaking to reporters, Phraning Pathaw said that there are people who have planned to abolish the Raid Sadew Saw Kur and turn it into Raid 8 Kur by calling it Raid Sadew-Laitjem. That is why the Raid Sadew Saw Kur came to meet the Syiem to discuss this issue because there is no such thing according to the customs and traditions but there is only the Raid Sadew Saw Sawkur.
Because in a mind that does not have faith in God, the devil is eager to make it his terrible factory or laboratory.
Replying to a question by UDP MLA from Sohra, Bah Titosstar Well Chyne in the Legislative Assembly, Roshan said that these cases have been arrested with the assistance of CCTV cameras include street drinking, robbery, driving, theft, dendrite and others.
I want to make it clear that it is time to wear masks even indoors,” said Dr VK Paul.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The BJP Leader in charge of the BJP in Chuba Ao on Saturday said that after the elections in 2023, there will be no political party without the participation of the BJP. The BJP cannot form a government.
He said that it was the UDP which took the lead in talks with the Assam government on the border issue and during the tenure of Roshan Warjri as Minister of State, quarters were built from the Assam government. for the purpose of evicting the Harijans but they have not been evacuated till today.
In 1947, the British Government announced the abolition and independence of India and Pakistan, and made it clear that the princely states of more than 600 , if they want to join India or Pakistan, they have to sign the Joint Agreement (IoA&AA) and if they don't want to join it is up to them and they can be free to govern themselves. by hi.
School of Soil Conservation is available through Saman War (40+2).
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Kharlukhi said the NPP hopes to win at least 8 MPs from all the North East in the MP elections. The BJP has won 25 constituencies in the MP elections in the North Eastern states of India and is also in the NDA coalition led by the BJP. 7-8 cases from all over the north,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Now the decision is up to the CBI,” said Prestone.
Radhika Chhetri, an Indian from Gangtok in Sikkim, has been identified as a member of the gang.
The meeting also set up a Co-Ordination Committee to look into and resolve the issues arising in the committee.
Speaking at the meeting at Lawbah, Bah Ardent said that there are many others who have the spirit to work hard if the people give them the opportunity.
An Indian student studying in the UK who threatened to kill Salman Khan has been arrested by the police. Salman's father threatened to kill him by sending him an email.
Similarly, in Sanskrit-Hindi "duvidha" (&A5?'> ) which may come from the word "do" (&K ) which means "Two"
People living in this world cannot escape responsibilities.
During the visit, Yadav told the villagers that the central government has increased the fee for construction of toilets from T.3,000 to T.12,000 under the Total Sanitation Campaign.
“Our village is full of poor families, who live by day labor and who eat from hand to mouth and when I see the suffering I am shocked and I can't do anything, but the leadership of these two people. “It has been a great blessing to be able to distribute these food items,” said Leningstar.
The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAA) held its 32nd Annual State Level Arm Wrestling Tournament at the KJP Assembly Hall on Saturday, 22nd June
The song is composed by Brightly Mynsong and the Khasi singers of the song include William Jones and Khushi Thongni.
After the collapse of the Executive Committee on 20-11-2019, and after this, they have worked together to regain the majority for the re-establishment of the Executive Committee in KHADC.However, until today, which has been less than three months, nothing has happened.
Water to the fields and to the fields of tympew and other crops will dry up.
On October 9, 2024, Modi inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of several projects worth over Rs 290 crore in Meghalaya and 14 projects worth Rs 569 crore under the North East Special Infrastructure Development. Scheme (NESIDS).
On the other hand, Stranger said that the village has already written to the local MLA to request him to provide a scheme from the government to build the road and he hopes that the local MLA will take action. To provide a colored road in this area is for the convenience of the residents of this area.
“We promise you that within 100 days of our rule we will bring about change,” said Khera.
The event was attended by Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Dr.M.Mawrie, DM&HO, other doctors, teachers, school children, Sumo drivers, Auto drivers. , Women's Associations, ASHAs and others.
It is sad and painful that the MLA/MDC candidates have invested a lot in the elections with the power of money.
Many women/men have risen to the rank of parents without it being theirs.
The PDF was formed before the 2018 MLA elections by Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem along with other leaders.
Examples include a sewing machine, a grinder, an oven, and so on.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the officials of Mawpud Village, including Bah M.Thongni and Bah Well, said that there are more than 350 households in the village. There are about 1824 people.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Leaders of the TMC today visited Shillong and held a public meeting at Khyndailad.
He also promised to take action and monitor the issue of the Residential School and Teacher's Training Center in East Jaintia Hills District and will sit down to discuss with Bah Kyrmen Shylla who is also the MLA of Khliehriat. Constituency and the Minister of State to discuss these issues.
He said that it is not only that they are in the synrop group to protect each other because of what the government does, it is ultimately up to the Prime Minister who is the Leader of the Cabinet and the government. They have only three Ministers.
He also announced that all of them have the intention to contest on the BJP ticket in the upcoming MLA elections.
“If there are any signs of such corruption, let the Government of India do whatever is necessary to investigate such corruption cases so that we, if we are clean, will be free. from condemnation and the state shall also be free from that evil mark.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP)-Mawlai Circle has demanded that the State Government should investigate and punish those involved in the illegal operation of the Inter State. Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawiong to ensure that such incidents will not happen again in the future projects in the State.
“First 12 days ago I had a shock and took medicine from the pharmacy, but the condition worsened and immediately I went to Pamrapaithlu PHC and on the 11th of June I was taken to #MaternalChildHealthHospital, Panaliar Jowai. .
“The praise we have received from the players and officials from different states has been very encouraging,” he said. very difficult task.
“We see that the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the Government has failed because the holding of the Meghalaya Games in the last few months has failed.
The news has been published on the website of News
During this awareness programme, the Police have been able to explain to the public about many crimes such as drugs, fraud, child law, theft and others who affect the peace and order in the society and others.
This was announced by the General Secretary Coming TM Tlang.
Vi has donated more than 23,000 to the poor children through the education department, Government of Uttar Pradesh.
The G20 Leaders' Declaration contains the vision of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for the world to grow in terms of economic growth and development. to be led by women, as well as economic development that values ​​the welfare of people, inclusion, and performance-based results.
The visit of Bah PS Lyngdoh and his colleagues is not only at this time but they also visit many places to encourage and provide assistance through donations and other means. I take this part as one of the ways to bring about unity within the Jaidbynriew and to be an example that as the saying goes, “When you receive blessings from God, don't be “They don't live for themselves but they live with the spirit of giving to those in need,” said PS Lyngdoh.
“Is it right when football players come out to play on their feet and after half the game, the referee stops them by changing the rule to play with their hands,” he said. Paul Lyngdoh and therefore, the intention is good but the government should not wait until the end of the current MDC term.
“We wish that the HYC will continue to move forward, the meeting with the HYC leaders is like God sending us to help the poor,” said S.Wahlang, one of the longkmie.
On the other hand, on 11th June, 2023, Bah Banteidor inspected the construction site of the Sub Center at Mawlat and also the ongoing work on the construction of the BDO office of Mawkynrew C&RD Block. In the presence of Village Leaders, Bah G Dhar, BDO of this Block and others.
Your Physics topic will be scored for 12 marks.
The Congress also carried a placard condemning the increase in the price of petrol and demanded an immediate increase in the price of petrol.
By Mr. Philip Marwein.
It is beneficial for the blood pressure to maintain cholesterol.
Rida, on the other hand, was afraid of herself because she knew that everything was wrong; it's because of Panah.
The fact that the Zilla Sainik Welfare is from Manipur is not a reason to violate the rights of the retired soldiers from this state according to the rules and objectives of the Kendra Sainik Board.
The people in power firmly believe that TIKA is the tool to eradicate the COVID19 pandemic.
Shillong, July 11: After the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS), the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today promised that the government will convene a meeting to discuss the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS). look for ways to resolve the conflict.
This was after a complaint regarding the shortage of ration issued by the DC Supply Office of East Jaintia Hills District. They led by the Secretary of the Vigilance Committee, Ma Wellson RD Siangshai, who is also the Secretary of the Village Council, to inform the district chief.
In that place I planted a lot of water lilies or lotuses... So that they can collect the wastewater and it will be a place for the farmers... And now during the rainy season, the water is drilled in two or three places. There is no need for a slap.
Does this come to pop ? If we invade other nations until we destroy our children and our own nation.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rocky Kylla, Chairman of UTD, said that it is the custom of the UTD office to honor the winners of Umsning, whether they belong to any party, such as In a sign of pride to continue the cooperation for development works, the meeting of the leaders decided to honor Dr.C Lyngdoh who is also one of the prominent leaders in this dorbar. .
(MIPR).
Although the residents who used to attend these tournaments such as Cherry Blossom or others did not expect that their attendance at these tournaments should help in the development of the country. However, it is the responsibility of the government that the celebration should go hand in hand with the development of the country.
After the seizure of these trucks, they were handed over to the Lumshnong Police Station.
It was also found that in this age, one vehicle can accommodate more than two children. If there are 5000 children going to school in the area, about 2000 to 2500 vehicles can accommodate only 2000 to 2500 vehicles. it will be held from 8:00 to 9:00 am.
He explained that the widespread use of pesticides in agriculture has led to another stage where many of the crops we cultivate are affected by various diseases caused by pesticides. which is the main cause of disease and from insects that live in water or soil.
"“We who live on the border of Mukorh village suffer a lot when we go to cut wood to burn we are arrested, carrying knives the police knieh and besides that they threaten our livestock with lightweight types.
Heavy rainfall on Saturday has caused the flooding of a fish pond in Mooshrot, West Jaintia Hills District.
“I'm going...” Lydia said.
To just express emotionally is impossible," he said.
During the meeting, Jaitley listened and assured that he would look into the matter as soon as possible.
During the three days of this festival, a group of young men who have been trained at the Sien Riti Institute Wahkhen together with the young man D.Nongsteng (Rit), who have been trained at the Sien Riti Institute Wahkhen, came to bury the funeral. There was a sound of ksing and tangmuri which really impressed the dancers as well as the crowd.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh congratulated the Karbi Cultural Society Meghalaya Zone for taking this initiative to hold this meeting for the second time. The unity of the Karbi people in the state and even abroad and through such a tournament can also be witnessed the richness of culture, customs and traditions of the Karbi people which can still be preserved today.
"I will look into the central government's response to these illegal activities of the party," he said.
“The District Council should be given the responsibility to ensure that the people living near the water should be responsible,” said the division, which included Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W. Diengdoh.
Cleansing was very important and sacred and there was a saying, ‘cleanliness is closest to being ‘godly’.
On the same day, these organizations also met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Noapara, Komphaduli, Dronpara and other villages in the area to discuss and investigate the illegal planting by the Assam government. to the mawpud.
The incident happened at 2 pm this morning.
Nongkseh scored 146 runs for the loss of all wickets in 33.5 overs.
The man, who is about 45 to 50 years old, is round in face, 5.4ft tall and wearing a blue short-sleeved T-shirt and a blue tracksuit.
The two judges drew a comparison between the efficiency of the CBI and ED team, with the latter now being said to be more efficient.
Every month when the electricity bill comes, we pay and provide but why when there are such incidents they count sting and take sting they don't have any evil and don't think about the souls of others,” they said. .
How and when can we immediately get rid of this dam or do we have to wait until it burns down and collapses? Have we heard about that special search for a place? The Green Field Airport, which has been developed for the purpose of solid waste disposal, marten and land fill, has been destroyed due to the problems and shortcomings of the Umroi Airport. we have not heard anything new.
the situation in this state has forced me to contest again.
Replying to a question, the UDP leader said he cannot say whether the UDP's cooperation in the government will affect the election in Sohiong.
Besides, the Khasi face difficulties when going to hospitals in Assam for treatment due to the lack of understanding of the language,” said Bah Sungoh.
“The state government cannot use the funds of T.212 crore allocated for the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture,” he said.
The leaders of today are quick to get close to politicians and even to campaign for them just because they belong to the same church.
The altitude of the area around Umshohphria is between 1000 feet and 1500 feet above sea level.
Because I don't have words to explain, it's his statement and announcement and it's up to him to have the right answer,” said Conrad.
Khliehmawlieh Yc (Ndsa Via Playoff), Mrit Sc (Wrbsa), Dthadlaboh Sc (Wjdsa Via Playoff), Shillong Lajong Fc (Ssa Via Playoff), Selsella Sports Association (Dsat Via Playoff), Youth Club Pdengkarong (Assa).
On the other hand, the Deputy Director (Planning) of the Directorate of AH & Veterinary, Dr. WMW Khongwir in his speech said that the new slaughterhouse can slaughter and clean up to 50 cows and 100 cows. sniang in the day.
The awards were also presented to Umjarian HWC-SC for the best performance in the Health and Wellness Center (HWC), and to Marshillong Village for the Best Village Health Council in the South West. Khasi Hills District The Officers' Club, Mawkyrwat has organized a cultural program for the children of Hope Orphanage.
In the morning, Baroda continued to score 273/5 in which Meghalaya played well in the bowling and managed to take the remaining four wickets. They scored 336 runs for all wickets.
The Minister said that the damage caused by the floods in Garo Hills has been unprecedented in Garo Hills in recent years. u year too.
In the past few days, the Israeli army has warned to destroy the houses where these militants are present and thus, the owners of the houses have been warned not to give up. bag rieh to these ehrang.
He said that the central government as well as the state government wants to make this state one of the states of film industries in the country.
The schools selected by the state government to participate in this scheme include adhoc and deficit schools.
When the temple staff went to collect the donations, they found the check on 23rd July 2023 and the temple authorities spoke to the Kotak bank. ; However, when the account number of Boddepalli Radhakrishna, who has an account number 8313295434, was checked, it was only 17 tyngka.
This expenditure is higher than the production budget of T.201,58,90,0
Confirming this, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the dengue outbreak has spread only in the northern parts of Garo Hills.
Through Wales news broadcastingThrough the missionaries of the word of GodIn HynniewtrepSince the 1940s.
These religious leaders have made it clear that they will continue their protests if their demands are not met.
“We strongly oppose this because many students who are eligible for admission do not get the opportunity.
The JSU has also questioned the state government whether the bloodthirsty foreigners who killed Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati have been arrested and where have they been detained?
What will the world be like in the millennium? The first (present) earth has passed away, the sea is no more.
Before laying the wreath at the statue of Tirot Singh, prayers were offered and after that the wreath was laid and after that a welcome drink was offered.
However, a meeting of all political parties, the MDA and will also be discussed within the Cabinet.
Aizawl: The Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP) on Tuesday announced a mass protest on the 19th of November due to the failure to do anything about the Assam-Mizoram border.
For the sake of safety and to avoid any injuries to the tourist spot, the Tourism Promoter Trekking Society, Wahkhen has decided to suspend the trekking for about two months. and that tourists will have the opportunity to visit the place again when the rainfall is less.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Meghalaya government has taken over a house in Kolkata from M/s Asian Housing and Infrastructure Pvt.
He said that the village will cooperate to take action to save or preserve these Dohkha, which have been thrown away by the leaders of HITO. I have said from the beginning that I have tried to listen but when I have complained I have to take it as my first task just to tell you.
This assistance came after the committee found that the drivers of commercial vehicles are the most affected by the lockdown imposed by the Government to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Sonowal stressed the need to upgrade traditional health care to modern health care, with the aim of improving the physical and mental health of the region and taking action. To have a Panchakarma block and an Ayush laboratory is essential in strengthening the provision of Ayush services in Assam and the North East as a whole.
After the Election Commission has given enough time (up to 40 days) to us voters to prepare well with prayers to ask for clarity from God because the power comes from Him, today , there are only four days left to vote on the 27th of this month from 7 pm to 4 pm.
In this regard, he denied the evidence of the Congress and other opposition parties that they had demanded Prime Minister Narendra Modi to speak on the incident. in Manipur in Parliament, where it was confirmed that the opposition, demanding a reply from the Prime Minister, said it intends to create trouble in relation to the dorbar in both the houses.
Where else does she earn her own money and she earns a lot of money.
On the day of nomination, Pallab D Arengh left the UDP. Pallab was elected to contest from South Tura.
Therefore, the police department has urged anyone who has information regarding this incident to receive a buskit of 100 tyngka, where their names will be kept confidential and they can send information through Please WhatsApp us on 9366790273 or send us an email on Specialcell.
The Congress has five MLAs in the 60-member Assembly and the TMC has five MLAs but the Lamphang has chosen the Congress to take the seat.
At such times, we see that there are no religious or secular people, but they have joined in the money laundering and have turned to that side, which is more comfortable to live.
Justice BP Katakey (retired) to the Single Member Committee, where he sent the report of his 18th Interim on the illegal trade in coal in Meghalaya.
“Did you come to class...? " Bah asked. "Yes.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, who is also the Returning Officer from the Shillong Parliamentary seat, has said that the rules and regulations have been implemented and 144 votes have been issued on the polling day.
KSU North Khasi Hills District through the Education Cell led by Samla Banjop Maring Chairman, Samla Toning Lapang Secretary in the presence of James Hitler Mawphniang. KSU NKHD General Secretary Samla Jester Nongbet Umsning Circle and KSU Lum Umpih Unit leaders today visited the NCHD at her residence in Lum Umpih, as an encouragement and encouragement to others. and that poverty and hardship should not hinder their desire.
The Nongmihkhmat of the area said that now the land no longer belongs to the government or the Soil Department but to the people of Mawkdok village so they should use it properly and take care of it. her.
The arrest of the people in connection with the incident shows that it was an attempt to intimidate and intimidate the residents of the Punjabi Colony.
He said that the land surveys are not only in Meghalaya or Rajasthan to know the land conditions for road construction, but have been conducted in all the states in the country.
In the presence of the MDC, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Thomlin Khongthohrem said that every year they spend lakhs of rupees to hire vehicles to drop off garbage once a month to Marten.
At Ampati Circuit House Conference Hall, ADC Dr. Rezina Ch Marak briefed the Minister on the achievements, challenges and challenges in the implementation of Central Government schemes through a power point presentation by ADC Dr. Rezina Ch Marak. officers from various branches.
“I have decided to sell the remaining buses to anyone who wants the buses that are still with me, at the price of T.45 per kilo.
As the union has already decided that if the government does not listen, the union will appeal to the National Green Tribunal (NGT). SL Suchiang, Publicity Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle, said in a statement.
He also informed about the work that the Shnong has done for each and every resident without discrimination and the duty of the residents to improve the society for the benefit of the residents.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima has informed that all the residents of the market should take part and come out in order on the above mentioned day and time by bringing their cleaning supplies and other necessities.
In a statement, UDP Spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh said the government has not done anything about the protest which has affected the peace and order in the state.
I have urged the residents if they have committed any crime not to commit such crimes but to hand them over to the hospital or to any private person who wants to have children,” he said. Bah Khongphai added, “To do this is a sin.
One of the elders said that it depends on our individual knowledge how to move forward in this life in this age. set prices and raise prices at will as long as the market exists.
Meanwhile, last month, there was a dispute between the United States and China over the flight of a balloon from China into the US border, where The US has alleged that the weapon was sent by China the day before Antony Blinken left the US for a visit to China.
“If the Rangbah Shnong is no longer in power, I dare to say that I can make a certificate myself only by agreement with three neighbors that I have bought this Khasi National Dorbar Hall. Who else can prove it when the neighbors have already proved it, the Rangbah Shnong doesn't have the authority anymore,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
They said that the hospital will not be able to accommodate patients suffering from various diseases and those injured in various accidents. there is always a risk that the disease will spread to other patients.
He said that the Prime Minister has opened many opportunities for those who are poor and now they have come out of poverty and are looking forward to a better future.
By Samuel John Priest.
Therefore, he said that to meet the needs of the people more quickly, it needs the joint support of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, the office of the Mawkyrwat People's Development Association (MPDA), the office of the MLA and as well as the office of the Block Development Officer.
The Ranikor Block Level Inter-School Athletics Meet 2023 was organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat through the District Sports Promotion Society.
This man of power and authority, after careful investigation, found no reason why Jesus should be tortured and crucified until he died on the Cross of Calvary. Jesus had to die for mankind, Pilate Pontius, a man of power and authority, did not release Jesus from being crucified and crucified.
Kapil Moresshwar Patil, on Tuesday visited Lum Umpih village in Umsning and Pahammawlein village. During the visit, the Union Minister visited Lum Umpih village in Umsning, Pralad Singh Patel, PMAYG, VLDP, RGSA, NRLM and also met with SHG office bearers, Rangbah Shnong and VEC members. The Minister of State to inspect the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission, which is one of the schemes for the people and to benefit the villages in terms of drinking water. In the meantime, he had the opportunity to ask the PHE officers and the village leaders about the implementation of the project.
During the meeting, it was decided to write to the State Government, Deputy Commissioners of both the States and District Councils to show that the Raid Labang Nongphylut is part of Meghalaya.
“I bought the ticket on 10th November 2021 and found that it was the number, which is very lucky,” said Jayapalan.
Goa: 75 covid-19 patients have died in the past four days while undergoing treatment at the Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). enough oxygen.
In addition, the college has also provided professional courses and certificate courses.
The KSU said that Priscilla Suchiang is 45 years old.
He also encouraged clubs and academies to apply for assistance through the YESS Meghalaya Scheme.
And these three horses will appear during the building of the third Temple in Jerusalem, the false covenant of peace, the covenant of death Daniel 9:27/Isaiah 28:1
However, over the years and the change of state governments, the number of districts has increased, Garo Hills has 5 districts while Khasi and Jaintia Hills have 7 districts.
If we the people are not careful before voting on the EVM, the disaster will come to the Khadar administration because if the EVM is wrong, there will be MLAs who are corrupt, corrupt MLAs, corrupt MLAs, rhah bor. and wealth, innocent people, who loot and destroy the wealth of the people of the State.
This is the first time that Malki have won a happy victory in the SPL 2018 and it will give them more encouragement in the upcoming games.
The Seng will also conduct two more such trainings at Darrang and Nongbareh and the assessment and certification of the participants will be conducted by the Food and Nutrition Department of Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
The spirit, the life that God gives is also for life here on earth and it is God's will that we use the spirit, the life for righteousness and truth.
The President of the KSU, NKHD, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, has strongly condemned the Meghalaya government for ignoring these problems of the people without taking action against Assam's violation of the social agreement through the Status. Quo and also on its robbery of development projects reserved for the border villages.
According to the Constitution of India, it has been stated from the beginning, “The Constitution of India.
Referring to the BJP's allegations, he said he had nothing to say about the arrest of Bernard Marak. “If we are afraid of Bernard, we will not contest the election. ".
Shillong: U MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Martle Mukhim, on Tuesday said that the HSPDP will work hard to fill the MLA seats in the 2023 elections and he too will be one of the party's candidates. He will contest the election from Mawkyn Constituency.
“They claim to be the majority but they make the minority of the nation. For 50 years the protests have stopped on the streets, there is only words without action,” he added.
Speech was also delivered by the Chairman of Lumbhahdakha Village, Salonmiki Dhar who said that the Village is pleased to receive this training.
We were able to celebrate various festivals including Holy Days without any interruption.
Advantist H/S School beat Archivers Secondary School Ummulong 3-0
On this occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has strongly criticized the MDA Government for forcing the people to take the right medicine. He said that the Government has decided not to allow those who have not been vaccinated to operate or open shops. It is clear that the ruling government does not have the necessary measures to raise awareness among the public about the tika.
After the speech of the chief guest, the program was conducted by RE Laloo, in which the residents took part in various programs such as song competition, information competition and others.
History contains many stories of saints and godly people who have been persecuted, injured and killed.
Earlier, Deepthi had beaten American Breanna Clark's record of 55.12 seconds set last year at the Paris Olympics.
According to the family members, they wanted to perform the ritual on Sunday, 'but because there are still rules, we have to wait for orders from the police,' said the son. Mr. Roning.
At the meeting, other temporary office bearers of the Adhoc Body were also elected and all the newly elected office bearers will be submitted to the General Council for approval. em and after receiving approval they shall become the full office bearers of the party.
It depends on their decision because we don't know whether they will win many seats or not,” said Pala.
Compared to the distance of transporting dewbilat from the state to Bihar is thousands of kilometers, in the minds of the people, the price will be much lower than here in the state.
Sanbor said the CEM has promised him to complete the work soon and after it has been completed and after it has been published in the Meghalaya Gazette, the CEM will gather all the MLAs. MDCs and Chief Executive Members and at the same time the delegation led by the CEM will meet with the government to discuss the amendment of the KHADC Building Act in the areas under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. my view.
Nongstoiñ, 26 Lber: Nongstoin Police Station, Nongstoin Police Station, on Tuesday morning at about 1:40 PM, have recovered an unidentified body. The body was recovered from the Umpniang River below Madan Nongpathar in Pyndengrei village of West Khasi Hills District.
The purpose of the tournament is to promote the talents of the youngsters who have talent in the field of football.
The incidents that have happened in our country which have been shown and signified through the deterioration of various buildings around Meghalaya have shown that this rule of law is not happy at all. In Meghalaya under the leadership of the MDA government led by the NPP party. and all the people of truth shall be revealed.
Here too, Conrad said that even if he gives, the members will not be satisfied and will blame the 40 tribes.
NASA says a small asteroid could fly near the Earth and NASA estimates that it is about 0.41 percent that it will not collide with the Earth. .
Doctors from all parts of the North East, parts of the country and even from the United States also witnessed this special day, where RS Mooshary was the keynote speaker.
The most famous story is about Dr. Faustus, a German scholar in the 19th century.
When asked whether there are any people who have applied for Environment Clearance from the office, the answer is that there are no people from Amlarem who have applied for Environment Clearance from the EC office.
The meeting also discussed the goals for the next five years in the development of the community and the economic development of the villagers.
Mawsawrit SC has won only once from two games while Tyrsad Umkseh SC has won only once from two games.
If you play on such a field, it will cause injury to the players.
He said that in the past 15 years, the Meghalaya Police Department has conducted 142 awareness campaigns in schools, colleges and public places across the state on the dangers of drugs and alcohol. as well as to 15061 youth.
The MNREG managers were appointed by the TMC leaders through the offices of the BDOs involved in collecting money from the job card.
He said that to change the name of the country will have to be passed by a Bill and will have to get the approval of 2/3 majority and will have to be sent to the state governments which need to get up to 50% approval. from the state government.
The Khasi are also strong and strong and since ancient times they have been traveling to the Brahma region.
Government officials said about 4,800 to 5,000 houses were reportedly damaged in the lowlands and hilly areas of Manipur.
Berlusconi divorced Francesca Pascale, 35, in October 2020 and immediately after her divorce, he met Fascina, a four-year-old child, with her husband. your old.
He said that the road from Harijan Colony is also one of the roads which if vehicles can pass through it will help a lot to avoid excessive traffic jam in these areas.
“He said that as a leader elected by the people of Laban, he has worked hard to fulfill the duty that the people have entrusted to him as an MLA. Every MLA to travel to other countries or states has not spent as much as the 59 MLAs have done because of the heavy work he has to do as an MLA. Bah Sanbor inaugurated the roads named after the elders of Laban village including the road named after Babu Hajom Kissor Sing Nongbri, Phinton Mylliemngap, Nomiwell Rynjah, Dennis Dunn and Moshondro Roy. and the Bridge of Mystic.
The enslavement of people by the government authorities from the small businesses to the rich has increased over the years.
He also announced that the state government will support for research and development of the indigenous language by providing financial support to scholars and writers.
The UN envoy to Sudan has already warned that the loss of lives just because of the desire for tyranny will have a negative impact on the country and must be stopped.
Shillong: The residents of Mawpen village today turned up at the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to protest against the appointment of the Acting Rangbah Shnong by the Syiem of Bhowal. the consent of the residents of this village.
A poor woman has expressed her desire to watch the film 9-Lad which will be released on the 28th of this month.
The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) has strongly opposed the One Man Inquiry Commission appointed by the Assam government into the incident in Mukroh.
Napoli's Serie A match was suspended on Tuesday after some players tested positive for the corona virus.
Even coffee and slasha have been tried around.
The first president is now a Pastor of the KJP Synod Sepngi Church, the second president will contest the MDC election 2014 and has done many things to improve the newspaper industry. The third president has passed MA Geography and is now one of the leading lawyers of the state.
Shillong, November 2: Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, praising him for his position that the Aadhar number should not be implemented.
The no confidence motion in the Executive Committee led by UDP MDC Titosstarwell Chyne on July 19 at the KHADC Executive Committee has been appointed. the UDP is in great distress.
We understand the plight of our youth and that is why we are working hard,” said Bah Shakliar.
They were rushed to the Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
Diches Roy Kurkalang scored the second goal for Ityllilang SC in the 29th minute and Ityllibor Mynsong in the 70th minute.
Social Secretary of Sharikhasi Nongkynrih,
Prestone also criticized the TMC's refusal to abolish the soskular.
The Entry Fee will be Rs.5000/- including all 25 players per team and the players will have to stay from the start to the end of the tournament.
“We do not guarantee a life of prosperity, but we guarantee a life of struggle for our future,” said the statement.
The Meghalaya High Court on July 7, 2013, informed the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) that it has accepted the blueprint of the government, but wants the government to accept some of the blueprints. Types of suggestions from you.
The team, which had the opportunity to bat first, scored 137 runs for the loss of eight wickets in all 20 overs.
According to recent reports, there was allegedly a split among the party leaders after Dhar wanted the party to give ticket to his brother and former Mawhati MP. , and Dasakhiat Lamare.
“The purpose of these Rules is to ensure that the consumers will be protected by implementing them at the District Level where any minor complaints will be resolved at the District Level and not by the Appellate Authority,” said the Prime Minister.
There have been suspicions that the shooting in Sousse was also the work of ISIS militants, although no one has been arrested yet.
Speaking one after another, the farmers were very angry over the damage to the Sying and Synsar farms, saying that this was done by the Nepalis living in Umru and This happened because the Nepalis who live in the area, were happy with the presence of the Assam Police Battalion in Umru.
Speaking to reporters, the EMs and CEMs of KHADC at the same time added that after the festival, the T.5 crore venue can be turned into a recreation centre. tourists from the world.
Shillong, Iaïong 01 : The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in the Budget Session has approved the request for additional funds by the Minister of Transport, Bah Sniwbhalang Dhar in connection with the The expenditure on the inauguration of the ISBT Mawiong by the Union Home Minister Amit Shah amounted to 43.83 lakh tyngka.
The Governor was speaking at the inauguration of the new school and college named Shri Kanchi Kamakoti Vidya Bharati Vidyalaya, Mawbah, Shillong.
Justice Services in relation to Water Supply: In this regard, Jaintia Hills has suffered from the lack of water supply. The lack of safe drinking water for household use in Jaintia Hills has caused a lot of problems especially to the poor.
She said that since the previous government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state, there has been no appointment in various departments such as Health & Family Welfare, PWD, GAD, Transport Department and others except those who work on contract, for example in the Department of Agriculture in the areas under the Block Development Offices for more than 10 years.
Small and Medium Enterprises and other entrepreneurs.
But these will be even more meaningful if we understand the true value of Christmas.
Shillong, June 12: The BJP is ready to contest the upcoming Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) elections this year in some constituencies which it hopes to win, said the President. The BJP has been elected.
Difficulties could not stop and discourage Robert Raikes, but he met Meredith who gave him a place in her kitchen to hold Sunday School and paid him two shillings a month.
Referring to the protection of elephants, the Minister said, “We as a state want to work with the Assam Government to protect elephants.
Meanwhile, Elena Rybakina lost her easy opening match to beat Czech Brenda Fruhvirtova 6-4, 6-2
“It’s unfortunate that a man in his position, came up with a picture and came to a decision.
Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency was the Chief Guest, HS Diengdoh, MCS, SDO of Mawkyrwat Constituency. Ranikor Civil Sub Division (retired) together with other elders of the area and the spectators who are football fans.
In Sikkim, the salary of SSA teachers is up to T.25,000 per month while here in the state, it is only T.6-7,000 per month,” said Dr Don. It pays high salaries to the peons, chowkidars, it should also pay high salaries to the teachers.
Bah Pyndap demanded that the state government should do something on this road before the 2018 elections and if the government does not do anything before the deadline, the people of the area can The Congress party has rejected the upcoming elections.
