“We (HNLC) have appointed Bah Sadon K Blah, President HNYF as our Leader, to talk to the ksiang appointed by the Government Bah Peter S Dkhar (Retd IAS) and AK Mishra, Advisor MHA Northeast ( Retd IPS), to monitor the path to the peace talks,” said Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. it is the best time to achieve peace.
The Social Welfare Department and the State Child Protection Society, Shillong have informed the public that if any children are found suffering and no one is looking after them during this time, they are suffering from the disease. Please contact the following phone numbers across the districts.
“For the rainy season, we have decided to ban the dumpers carrying Shyiap from passing through this road, because besides carrying too much, it is the rainy season. “The road has been closed and the problem will be faced by the people who live in the area,” said the statement.
On the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, he said that after seeing the incident, he immediately went to the scene to see for himself, but Bah Banteidor did not. He said that he has relied on the MSOA and does not think that this association will be like this, that it will not have responsibility, he hopes that the Minister of Sports will take action so that such things will not happen again in the future.
In their hands, they hold lyngknep mobile phones and set their ears with earphones in their own world.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday inspected the football grounds under construction at Polo including the First Ground, Indoor Stadium and JN Sports Complex.
Dhubri: Shri Zakir Hussain Sikdar 3.
Mizoram played well in the first half, but Meghalaya managed to defend until the end of the first half without scoring a goal.
For example, a hundred trucks driving by, and a cop stops them all.
They said this to reporters after their meeting held yesterday.
The Secretary of the Wah Lukha Village Association, Ma Daiapherbha Lamare, said that they have submitted a petition to raise more funds through the MERPF to improve the Lukha River.
On the same day, the well opposite the men's hostel collapsed suddenly at 6 pm and fell on the hostel number 18 known as 18 Kupli. The hostels were shattered and they all went outside and did not want to sleep that night.
When asked whether he feels it is right for the TMC to come out, he said there are many steps that can be taken on such an issue.
We don't need to buy coal from abroad because the coal that doesn't exist is too much and this will increase the electricity bill of the people.
After all the tests, it was confirmed that the powder was a drug that many youngsters and children used.
There have been 10,000 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 48,1
The HYC has visited the residents of Lum Survey because they are afraid that this area will turn into a Metor area which will cause many problems especially the spread of crime.
Shillong, March 28: Ka KHNAM, in response to the People Forum Candidate for the MP election 2014, has said that the party is ready to accept the joint candidate proposed by the People Forum. KHNAM wants the candidate to be ready to speak out on the issues of the people and to join the demand for the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and also to contest. Shillong, March 27: U Bah Joe Marwein, Leader of the FKJGP, in a statement on the issue of citizenship law, said that the FKJGP General Secretary (FKJGP) has said that He said that this is a law that will put pressure on the owners of houses and that this law has been implemented in some states, but the “It's very difficult, because the tenant, if he gets in, he will become like the owner of the house,” said Bah Marwein.
“Bangladesh has already acquired our land, if we allow to erect signs from 150 yards, how many thousands of acres of Indian land will go to Bangladesh,” he said.
The Discipline Team Award was presented by the office of the Superintendent of Police and received a cash prize of 2,000 tyngka and 4,000 tyngka to the winners and 3,000 tyngka to the winners. Those who participated in the team event.
Referring to the protest by Bah Ardent to demand a revision of the Reservation Policy, Bah Paul said that this is just a drama of the VPP. it also creates ethnic differences and hatred among the ethnic groups in the state,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by Doly Lamare, Guide Captain. Welcome speech was delivered by Dr. Khonglah, Chairman SMC. Angel's School, Jowai.
Replying to a question, the Chief Minister said that about 502 people who have returned from abroad have received financial assistance under Phase-I, while those who fall under Phase II have received financial assistance. The Director of Commerce and Industries is still investigating.
In fact, they should listen to support them and if necessary, to send them for treatment.
On the other hand, the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, said that the reason why the office bearers of the group have been pleased is because for the first time they will get their own full-time head office, that is after the group’s 58 years of operations.
In the 1960-61 Census of Assam, the border of the United Khasi Jaintia States is clear, why isn't it arranged according to this Census? all sides.
“According to the ECI directive, the polling officers should be paid for five days but according to the RTI documents, it shows that the polling officers are paid for only four days and it has been lost for four days,” he said.
This happened after Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, MLA of the VPP from Nongkrem, held a strike at the Additional Secretariat to review the recruitment rate in the state in the past few months. depth.
However, as it appears now, many people cannot follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare especially in the red zone areas. There are many reasons for their failure, all these reasons are only because people are not responsible for themselves and especially for the nation.
This is the decision of the High Court in the state today and which may appeal to the Supreme Court of the country.
He said that the Central Executive Committee (CEC) will hold a meeting to discuss this, he said that when the time comes, all these will be revealed and it depends on the arrangement and discussion.
Shillong: The Ministry of Education, Meghalaya, in a statement, said that all schools in Meghalaya will remain closed from 1st June to 15th October to prevent the spread of corona virus in the state.
He said that the traffic jam was also caused by the traffic jam on both sides of the road.
Other countries besides these two countries that will participate in the tournament are teams from Lebanon, Kuwait, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Maldives.
Shillong, July 15: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency and teacher of St Anthony's College, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang on Tuesday expressed his confidence that he will be with the VPP. The government has appealed to the High Court (HC) of Meghalaya against the HC's decision to allow college teachers to take part in politics without having to leave. I'm going to work.
If you cook too much, it becomes a powdery gur, similar to sugar but brown.
Not only that, the Silver Jubilee of the 25th Anniversary of the Parish was also celebrated.
Also present on the occasion were Y Tsering, Additional Chief Secretary, Dr R Wankhar, Director DHS (MI), Dr D Lyngdoh, DHS (R), and others.
Umiam received 11.5mm of rainfall today while 0.9mm today.
Shillong: Another crematorium known as Pubon Creek is located between Kenbah and Phlangwan Broi villages in Mawsynram area.
We have to have this understanding and start from the smallest place that can preserve our natural resources.
Similarly, a 24 MT truck carrying 533 bottles of urea can carry 30,000 bottles of nano urea.
Shillong: The number of cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya today has risen to 236 after 47 new cases were confirmed today.
As James K. Sangma is also the Minister in charge of many government departments and also the spokesperson of the MDA Government, it is the responsibility of the journalists to meet him to hear what he has to say. the government thinks or has to do in relation to many issues of the state.
Addressing pilgrims in St. Peter's Square on Tuesday, Francis spoke about Iran's drone and missile attacks on Israel. time and which is also a great danger because it can lead to a great war or the worst war especially in these days it has been seen that they are filled with neighboring countries and without end if cannot be controlled at this time, the Third World War will soon occur.
M for you.
All winners will be awarded with cash prizes and mementos.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said, “Although all the political parties in the state except VPP and KHNAM at the All Party Meeting have agreed with the decision of the All Party Meeting, why is it still necessary? “At the All Party Meeting, all the political parties in the state except the VPP and KHNAM, others rejected that explanation.
The High Court has fixed the hearing of the case for 14th July.
Aizawl: Police in Mizoram will no longer investigate the theft of weapons by Assam police after the police in the state returned all the weapons seized by them. Vanlalfaka Ralte, Superintendent of Police (SP) of Kolasib, said today.
In order to make it easier for the voters to recognize the candidates, the Election Commission of India has taken another step, to print the pictures of the candidates on the ballot papers. EVM (Ballot Unit) as well as Postal Ballot Papers.
“But I know that the people have rejected such people because the people are now wise and understanding,” he said.
In fact, Parliament should allow MPs from the backward areas to speak well in the Dorbar so that the Central Government will be better aware of the problems and shortcomings.
“We have been famous for the highest rainfall in the world, now we need to make Meghalaya famous in the world for herbal medicine,” said Bah Hek. The meeting was held today at the State Central Library Shillong.
In the incident, one militant was shot dead by the security forces, police said yesterday.
It was announced and written in all the newspapers that the resolution was issued by the 12th of that month.
This initiative is also a step to open up more opportunities for the farmers and how to develop the farmers in the area in terms of agriculture.
Speaking to reporters, Justice T Vaiphei said that about 12 witnesses from the committee have been able to find evidence on the shooting death of Bah Cheris Terfield.
He said that as players or teams, they should be well prepared before any match and at the same time he congratulated both teams to play well.
The Supreme Court has lifted the ban on coal mining in the state and ordered the release or auction of 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal mined under the jurisdiction of Coal India Limited.
Then Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh.
Parents, don't be surprised from now on.
The factory has been destroyed by the chairman, vice chairman of the government and the rebel groups.
The demolition of the factories and other buildings of the illegal coal burning factories is targeted to be completed by 20th November.
Furthermore, the MCSEPAC also honored two women runners who have brought glory to the community, the country and the nation as a whole, Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang and Kong Snora. Lying.
“Tell me, sir, what is the difference between singing and prayer or speaking?” The Pastor replied, “That singing is a game, not like prayer and storytelling”. The Pastor said that all the singers were riewkai.
Sheikh Jassim also has a vision to take over 100% of the club and has been attracted to the support of some of the club's loyal fans. , in which the rich man has promised in front of many people to cut back on the debt that the club is currently carrying.
After I wrote the article on the ILP, many readers congratulated me by phone or by sending messages via mobile phone.
When he reached home he parked the scooty in the usual place and entered the kitchen.
It doesn't matter how much they talk in the election campaigns but when the results come out on the 2nd of October, they will get only 2 seats, you will see today.
Jowai, July 05: The Election Committee of Nehemayah Tyngkan today held a Dorbar of 13 Villages for the purpose of his election which was held at Mooblang Football Ground, Iooksi Iapkhla, West Jaintia Hills District.
The polling will be held on the 21st of this month and the new President will be sworn in on the 25th.
There have been 440 villages that have received electricity this year.
On diet, Modi said only doctors can advise on which foods to eat and which not to eat.
The incident happened on the 4th of this month at the police station.
The Lord Jesus fulfilled the mission for which He came to save the world by His Father.
"“To the Chief of the Village..." The Chief replied.
There should also be no crowds in the shops.
“I'm not afraid, speak as you please, I'll walk on my way.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by ES Lyngdoh, Executive Engineer PWD (Roads), Shillong South Division, PWD officers, Rangbah Shnongs of these villages and villages. neighbourhoods, youth organizations, women's organizations and the residents of these villages.
Speaking on the Joint Action Committee (JAC) against the festival, Superintendent of Police (SP) Giri Prasad said that the relevant departments and villages have met with the members. of the JAC and explained to them the time when the festival will start after the end of the service.
Those coming from Laban, Bishnupur and Police Bazar have to pass through Raj Bhawan, Ward's Lake, Polo, Lawmali, FCI, Mawroh, PTS, Golf Link, Polo Parking Lot.
The actress also released a video titled 'Subhash Kapoor's true face'
The UGC and AICTE have also taken several measures to improve the quality of higher and technical education.
The survey was conducted by the NITI Aayog which is responsible for monitoring income and living standards in all the states.
The delegation was led by the President of the party, Samla Bonsen Snaitang.
“To provide and supply drinking water is one of the most difficult goals of the government.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 30: While Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit continues his strike because the government has not yet approved to change or improve the employment quota, the support of the people has strengthened in all parts of the country. Khasi Hills.
He said that the KSU through its departments around the country have gone to provide assistance to the paradoh parasnam as part of the support to each other. u Hynniewtrep who have supported the KSU in the past months on the protest against the CAA under the leadership of Bah Samuel B.Jyrwa as Chairman of NESO and his allies in the North East.
Speaking at an election campaign rally in Ampati, Conrad promised that the NPP will create opportunities for up to 5 lakh jobs through various employment opportunities and targets set by the government.
This action of the Government under the leadership of the NPP, especially the departments held by the NPP, ignores the feelings of the people of the State whether it is the Churches or the Dorbar Trai Ri.
In the past (Twenty years ago) the Tympew of the Pahar area were plump, bright and beautiful in colour.
Kharjahrin alleged that the delay in approving the implementation of the MRSSA (Amendment) Bill, 2020 in the state is due to the former Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, who has raised many questions and asked many questions. idea to amend this bill.
Why is it necessary to pay for votes if a candidate has done his job properly for 5 years? Why make us all slaves and devalue our dignity? We have seen elections since 1972 but we have never seen or heard of anyone paying money to voters.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagatha Roy, has said that he is just looking for reasons or that he hates the people.
He also explained that the use of telecom services through SIM cards of those operating in other countries is illegal under the Indian Telegraph Act 1885 and those who do so may be punished under the Indian Telegraph Act the Indian Telegraph Act 1885 and other related laws and regulations.
He further alleged that the actions of the Dewbilat Factory are fraudulent and with the intention of violating the rights of those who work with the company.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed the Magistrate to investigate further and to enforce Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code,
On behalf of the students, Bah H.Staline Diengdoh said that as students, they should be diligent, hardworking and have a spirit of struggle in many areas so that that their goals and future will be bright because they are living in these days of competition in any field or struggle.
The meeting was conducted by Skhembha Dkhar Publicity Secretary JSM in the presence of hundreds of job seekers from all over Jaintia Hills.
This surprised me and I couldn't do anything else.
“If it is a central government scheme, it should be written to the Indian government because if it doesn't start, it will never start.
Speaking to media on 14th June, Bah Paul said, “Since the government declared the war against drugs, the police department has worked hard to curb the drug trafficking. The PITNDPS Act, 1988, has already sent the list of arrested drug traffickers to the Advisory Board. The Model Code of Conduct (MCC) will sit soon after the expiry of the Act and will take a decision on the penalties under the Act.
“Therefore, we urge the Commission to take action to announce the results of the applicants who have passed the Written Examination and to immediately call for an interview for the applicants and to complete the examination immediately. “We have no choice but to hold protests against the Commission,” said the union.
Under the Act, Syiems, Sirdars or Wahadadars are also empowered to arrest any foreigner who is found traveling without an ILP or identity card or who violates the provisions of the Act. .
“The MLA who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State has already taken action and is now waiting for the BSF to hand over the suspects to the Police Department,” said the MDC. Speaking to media after the meeting held at Pongtung, she was also an Executive Member of KHADC.
He said that schools should not make money from the students and should allow them to buy from the shops where they can according to their needs.
Ratacherra CSC beat Mynkre FC 1-0 with a goal from Shiningstar Myrmen (57).
Metbah said the VPP is new and the people still look to the UDP as a stronger national party.
“We also have a scheme for the children of those workers to receive assistance such as paying school fees, training in various jobs and many others,” she said.
After the inspection, the EMs from KHADC, Hima Mylliem and Raid Marwet, held a meeting to discuss with the village leaders and residents of the villages in the area. This is to discuss the issue of Assam border crossing in Iongkhuli village.
Therefore, the Cabinet's decision to introduce Alcohol Home Delivery is an encouragement of crime in the State and in society and an insult to the so-called “Christian State” He urged the Cabinet of the Government of Meghalaya to reconsider and immediately cancel the recent Cabinet decision to allow Alcohol Home Delivery.
David did not pray, Lord, bless me.
At the same time, the history of the District Youth Assembly from 1997 to 12th November 2022 was presented.
On a tree with only male flowers there is no fruit.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya, through its president Ernest Mawrie, today said that the party will contest 60 candidates from 60 constituencies. in the state.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia and HNYF Southern Riwar Circle have stopped the erection of shiah signs in Amlympiang and Rongkum villages on the India-Bangladesh border.
To ensure that there will be no tax implications due to this, it has been decided to exempt people from paying taxes on the money they receive from employers or other persons so that they can get health care. Covid-19 in the fiscal year 2019-20 and in the following years.
More than 300 Waheh Shnongs and Life Members of SWSRJ attended the meeting.
According to the decision of the Commission, we have lost Block I and Block II in Jaintia Hills and the lands of the Khasi Hima, such as Desh Dooreah, Nongwah, Mawtamur, Bokia Para, Borduwar, Langpih, Nongriangsi-Nonglang.
He said that he had lodged a complaint with the AEE of Mawryngkneng (D) Sub-Division but the answer he received was that it was due to the loss of one machine.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said, “We will not invite them to the VPP.
He said that our Khasi culture attracts and attracts foreigners besides that we Khasi are more stupid and hate stupid.
We have to break things and the crops we grow are rotten.
has tested for coronavirus – putting the rest of the Premier League season in doubt.
They died in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of the hospital at 1.30 pm.
It was also decided that the Food Distribution Department of the State Government, the Police and the Urban Authorities, will implement the order of the Government, which will also ban the sale of fish in the areas. public, from November 15th to November 31st.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong today include Sunrise Rechill (33), Nobin Suba (58), Mawlai Mawiong, Sabitri Lohan (47), Dakopgre, Samuel R. Marak (82), Ma Dapmon Passah (74) of Ummulong, Sailot Marak (51) of Wahingdoh, Satya Bhadra (52) of Laitumkhrah, Mijen R Marak (48) of Chibragre. Shngain Shooting (65), and Ummulong.
There are 11 students who have completed their Bachelor's degree and 2 students who have completed their Master's degree.
Shillong: East Jaintia Hills Police together with Karimganj Police have arrested a man named Kololendu Bushan Das (24) for allegedly killing his wife on 29th November in Khliehriat.
Retired Sports Officer Ma Daniel Dann distributed the award in the presence of AJCA leaders. Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy Chief Whip of the State Government said that parents have an important role to play. To achieve a healthy society and to achieve full health, mothers should come forward to take advantage of the government's medicines.
Nasiruddin was imprisoned but was released on bail before returning to the group.
After the foundation of the Khasi Young Men's Association, the 23rd of November was celebrated every year as the New Year but it was not until 1901 that it was renamed the Khasi Young Men's Association.
Three of the GNLA members were identified as Wesefield Ch Marak alias Dakchak from New Sampalgre (Williamnagar), Joshua N Marak alias Kolgrik and Balmika alias. Tush M Marak, also known as Gotcheng and Jachong, have been arrested on Wednesday morning.
There are many kinds of suffering in this world, no matter what it is, man has to suffer, because God was angry with Adam since the garden of Eden.
Perhaps the NPP, in order to become stronger, will try to attract MLAs from other parties as it has done to the MLAs of the PDF. it is stronger than shiliang.
Conrad said the Government will strengthen the implementation of Government of India programs and other foreign-funded projects.
The cow farmers decided to take this step after the traders continued to buy cows from the old market at Khanapara which falls under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
He said that the demand for roads by the people has been very strong, and sometimes there has been a dispute with the husband.
It is to be recalled that the JHDS has been involved with the Government in the fight against COVID-19 since the lockdown was announced across the country by the Government of India.
"Balsan was arrested on charges of kidnapping, and police tortured and beat him to death," Purno said.
On the other hand, the organizers also expressed their satisfaction with the condition of the stadium which is indeed the right ground for the right to hold the tournament. motorcycle racing tournament to be held this year.
“I didn't reach my goal in 2018, but this time I did," she added.
Furthermore, during the inspection, the Seng found that the road has turned into a crowded road, because the rude behavior of the trucks has caused problems to the people, because the trucks passing there do not There are trucks that are driving in two directions and there are trucks that are parked in the wrong place.
“School is part of the development of any village,” said the Mawphlang MLA.
Answering a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah regarding the Hima Nongspung when electing the Syiem, EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Jambor War War, said that as it appears from the writings since Those who were appointed Syiems in this Hima belonged to the Syiemiong clan.
They admitted that they have been living in this area for decades, some of them are 20 to 24 years old but now they are facing this problem.
Shillong: Meghalaya has made progress in the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) launched by the Government of India in April more than 4 lakh in the State.
However, when asked about the allegation that Assam has planned to destroy the tourist spot within the border of Meghalaya, Bah Nongbri said that he has no right to. He said it is not his authority to explain because the government will clarify the allegation and his job is only to send a report on the incident.
“Because the central government has already released the funds to the state government earlier to strengthen the working methods, we have started implementing the computer even before the funds from the central government have arrived,” he said. the head of government.
He said that as soon as he saw in the newspapers, he tried to rebuild the image through talks with the Vice President of the party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, but he admitted that he was surprised that in the talks. “I tried to talk to him, but if you want to join other parties, go, this made me angry. “He said that later he tried to talk to the General Secretary of the HSPDP, Enbin K Raswai, but he said that he was in trouble and asked for time from them. Phres said that Enbin also expressed his deep sorrow over the dissolution of the party in Jaintia Hills and in Jaintia Hills. Ri-Fear.
Referring to the need for public awareness on this issue, Bah Wahlang said that the United Nations has decided to celebrate this day to disseminate information and also to raise awareness regarding the the need for natural resources especially in the future generations.
“When I was released from jail, I tried to take another path and became the Chairman of the CPWD Association for 20 years,” he said.
“On the 18th March 2019 we have convened a hearing to resolve this issue and from this hearing we have not found that there has been any sale or handover of Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima Jirang and “It is for this reason that we have not done anything against the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Bah Shemphang Thabah,” said Bah Pyniaid.
He was rushed to Bethany Hospital for treatment but within three hours he passed away.
He said the cost of the project will amount to about T.11 crore.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District on Friday imposed micro containment on houses in Loompyrdi Iongpiah and lifted containment in Sahsniang A and Loomsuwe, Dulong.
The KSU has alleged that there are many houses illegally built in this estate, which have been built without the permission or approval of the Dorbar Shnong, Kenches Trace, Oxford Rilbong or any relevant authorities.
In Zone 1 of Group B, SWKH will face East Jaintia Hills while in Zone 2, North Garo Hills will face EGH. Gulgul, who also won the player of the match award, took 6/3 wickets in 3.5 overs.
It is estimated that this scheme will help increase the food production capacity of these companies by T 33,000 crore and create 2.5 lakh jobs.
The decision to suspend the strike was taken at the 4th General Meeting held at Lumtiniang, Mowtyrshiah on 3rd November.
Furthermore, these vendors urged other youths of the area not to forget and leave behind their own agriculture but to save and work hard through various departments to import and export products from Meghalaya.
Police have arrested and registered 261 cases and 19 cases of boys who have not reached the age of driving or riding bikes on the road, 17 cases of it is due to the lack of a license.
Meghalaya will prepare for their next match against Pondicherry on 27th November
Shillong: The Lyngdoh Thabah Seng Kmie will celebrate its Silver Jubilee on the 16th November 2023 at Jaiaw Lumpyllon Hall at 10 pm.
The Sohra area also needs a Government University to employ the residents who have passed various grades, who are qualified to be the supervisors of such a university.
Speaking on the farmers, Commander Shangpliang said that the farmers themselves have their own role to play in many areas to provide for the needs of the households.
Finally, the Pastor said, “The door is still open for those who want to support me” and added, “If I leave, the door is closed”.
I took this decision after consulting with my leaders at a meeting held at my home on the 20th of this month in Palm Dale,” said John Leslee. They came to South Tura to show that they want me to contest and to give their full support and so I promised in front of them that I will contest this time from South Tura.
He has been a teacher now for about 34 years since joining the school in 1986.
When asked whose supporters these five government employees are, the Rangbah Shnong said they are supporters of the Congress party working for the Congress candidate Bah Shitlang. Pale who won the election.
“We refuse to shoot in public places because we are concerned about the loss of lives,” said the HNLC. “The police should not sting the party, because it did not want to kill people,” said the HNLC. although it cannot do so like other parties in Garo Hills.
Ma Roy has been out of politics for 10 years after being defeated by (L) Sing Mulieh who won two terms from 1998 to
The party cannot remain silent on this issue as it is against the right to land ownership and violates the powers entrusted to us through the 6th Schedule of the Autonomous District Council.
Tickets are available at T.20 to T.100 from the SSA ticket counter at Polo.
Beverages have been exempted from tax except those manufactured or supplied by companies under the GST but there are agricultural products which the state government is still negotiating with the GST Council to exempt from tax. The meeting will be held on the 16th of this month, said Zenith.
Shillong, November 12 :The Dorbar Shnong Mawïong Rim, Shillong in a statement through its Secretary has announced that it will hold an annual cleanliness drive on the 19th of this month (Monday) starting at 8 pm. until you are finished.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Many women from Shillong have been cheated by foreigners and this has come out again when a woman from Shillong has been cheated of T.3 lakh from each other. and the man went to Bilat.
Then to give government jobs to one of the households, but when he is elected, that high level group emerges and those who get the opportunity to transport coal are only the high level people.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong and the MLA of Pynursla on Tuesday inaugurated the U-14 Football Tournament of the Treilang Sports and Cultural Club Pongtung. Evarinia Warjri, SDO, Pynursla Sub Division, was the chief guest.
Ezekiel 38:16.
Congratulations to the family of MP Ma Vincent Pala.
“We have already been vigilant on this disease and if there is a need to strengthen the security measures, the government will take action,” he said.
In the first innings, Ranikor CC managed to tied 112 runs for the loss of all wickets in 18.5 overs.
The closure of the shop was after receiving a complaint from a mother that a foreigner had sold expired food items to the mother. On receiving the complaint, the union raided the children's shop of a foreigner in Ladrymbai Dongwah.
From time to time, it is seen that drivers are too slow and government vehicles are too slow, too slow and in a hurry for what? Hard to get an answer.
HDR Lyngdoh said the Bill is still in the hands of the Governor.
“In fact, she did not attend about 12 meetings of the Commission and there is also a section on her involvement in the election campaign.
Drugs are a beverage that destroys not only the body of the user but also affects the home, society and peace.
“We understand that only the ILP is the right law to protect and act as a strong barrier to prevent the illegal entry and invasion of foreigners and foreign authorities which is a threat and injury. “It's a good idea for the indigenous people and the state as a whole,” said Auguster Jyrwa.
The strike during these times is a sign of protest against the silence of the NHAI and the state government.
We have seen from many incidents that when there is a conflict between the laws of the government and the laws that have existed since ancient times, conflict arises.
The World Cup will start tonight in Qatar, where the country will face Ecuador at 9.30pm.
Our State has now reached the age of 50 years, but when we look back at the State, it looks like it is only 10 years old and full of shortcomings in all aspects for the people.
Prof Todd said it was difficult to explain exactly what was happening, as many factors were involved in causing people to get sick.
Coffees in that country grow wild.
Destruction is already waiting for the present world through the path of pride and corruption.
The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal visited the Umiam Stage-I Dam to inspect the work of the Dam Rehabilitation and Improvement Project.
Partho said he met Arnab in 2004 when they worked together at Times Now and later worked at BARC as CEO in 2013, while Arnab. Arnab Goswami, launched the Republic Channel in
Nongpoh, Ïaiong 09: The Catholic Church around the world today celebrated Easter to celebrate the resurrection of Jesus, who believes that he came to earth to be crucified to save The world and the faithful of the Catholic Church of Nongpoh Parish also took part in the celebration of this day which they believe in the resurrection of Jesus known as Easter.
He said that discrimination has ended during the Modi-led Government and the North East has been elevated to a more dignified and prominent role in the country's system.
Other sources said that the state government has sent more police to Garo Hills after two policemen were killed in an IED bomb by GNLA suspects. State Governor Roshan Warjri said the government has sent more police to Garo Hills to maintain peace and order in the area due to the increasing insecurity.
Regarding the garbage, the government has only promised and has not been able to clean up the garbage from the market in Jowai.
“I would be happy if the MP had done anything, argued and discussed in the House, he should have replaced PA Sangma because he has won many times but only once. hear you cry.
All of them came to the Dorbar Bah and it was suggested that the system of giving jait to women or mothers should be changed so that women can feel ownership and take care of their children even in the fields. I don't have any more shynrang spirit.
Dr. MM Khymdeit, NSS Program Coordinator, NSS Cell, NEHU delivered the welcome speech and the welcome speech was delivered by Dr. S. Kharmawphlang, NSS Program Officer, NEHU, Shillong. .
According to Jaishankar, the C-130J plane carried 121 Indians to Jeddah while the second plane carried 135 Indians.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the KHADC, Bah Titossterwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that although the KHADC is preparing to rearrange some of the constituencies to match the population, it should not affect the constituencies. until the postponement of the Council elections.
“We urge the Government and the relevant authorities to protect the residents and prevent such incidents in the State,” said Fr.Majaw.
A total of 3,79,891 people have recovered from the disease and 2,27,439 are undergoing treatment.
Metbah said that he had met with the Chief Minister of Assam to congratulate him on his appointment as Chief Minister. they have been waiting for many years.
Strict action was launched against these illegal coke factories in November last year, when these factories were closed down and demolished so that they could no longer operate.
I urge the government to set up a Judicial Inquiry to find out the root cause of their suffering,” he said.
“They have not provided the documents and for that reason, we have not issued the NoC. They have filed a case against us in the High Court, Meghalaya and the Court has directed the District Council to take the necessary action,” he said. , said Freeman's father.
He said the Assam Rifles has been one of the leaders in the development of the youth, whether through sports, culture or music.
Dr. Lapang said that one of the writers of the play, who wrote the drama, “Samson”, used these words, “I thank you, O God, that you have made me blind. , so that I can see you better".
The Special Judge of the POCSO will sentence Lucky on 29th November
Friends of Altaf and Shahin who helped smuggle the drugs to Assam have also been arrested.
When asked about the reservation policy, George said, “We have not discussed the reservation policy.
Imphal: U Amit Shah today addressed a public meeting in Imphal, where he said that the issuance of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act is the greatest gift of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. the head of the country is Manipur.
Shillong: “Out of more than 800 languages ​​in India, there is only one language that has come from every root and that is still in the world and that is our Khasi language,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh. Speaking at the 40th Anniversary Celebration of the Khasi Authors Society today.
He said that the path of the GHSMC's protest is through peace and not through bloodshed.
The Operational Group was promoted to Command on 1 November 1959, operating from Fort William, Kolkata and Air Vice Marshal KL Sondhi became the first Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Eastern Air Command.
If this is not done, there will be conflict and wars.
Furthermore, they said that there are some crops that have fallen, but there are also those that have risen.
Jowai, Nailur 8: A 16-year-old girl has been raped by a man named Nipaya Pale of Wahiajer village on Sunday night.
He was also a member of the ASAK at the time of its formation. He served as the Area Commander of the Southern Command of Garo Hills.
On the other hand, he said another goal of the government is to make Meghalaya a top state in the field of health care.
Referring to the teachers in the state, it was seen that the government has encouraged them to enter this field but there is no role for them to use the weapons properly.
In both these streams, Science and Commerce, women have done better than men.
Iranian-backed Islamic Jihad militants have claimed a ceasefire with Israel, but Israel has denied their claims. “It is clear that it will not tolerate these attacks,” said a spokesman who did not want to be named.
In addition, about 60% of students use private vehicles to travel to different schools.
Shillong, July 8: TUR and CSWO have lodged a complaint against the owner and manager of Marvelene Inn, Guest House Rilbong, owned by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
“I don't have anything to say about the incident in Umiam because I wasn't there on that day but one thing is that if other MLAs speak, I shouldn't interfere and if I speak, others will speak. They shall not speak either inside or outside the assembly.
Disciplinary secretary: Miky John Sayoo.
In another development, the WJDSA has announced that it will sell the Gate Collection for the 3rd Division, 2nd Division, 1st Division, Super Division and Under-1
Besides, he said that there are four other MLAs whose discussions are ongoing.
Jesus Christ spoke clearly and promised clearly to His disciples and servants.
They said that as the days go by, the road has deteriorated to the point where the passengers have to wash their hands every day.
Welcoming the court's decision, Bah Ksanlah said the decision to expel him was against the rules of the Shella Confederacy which was established in
Vehicles heading to Iewduh have started stopping since 9 pm and at the time of writing, it is estimated that they have reached near Hynniewmer.
Jowai, Lber 23: YBSC Shella today beat Seng Samla Pyllongingkhaw FC 4-2 goals in the ' The 6th Invitational Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the Wahiajer Sport Club.
They are looked down upon and looked down upon in society, it is believed that these are the carriers of the Corona-virus.
The festival of Lupercalia has a frightening origin - this festival is held from the 13th to the 15th of June and during this festival men sacrifice goats and sheep.
Many houses were destroyed by the storm and the roofs were thrown more than 100m away from each house.
The program will have two parts, the first part will start at 9 pm for the Inter-School Literary Competition while the second part will start at 1 pm for the Inter-School Literary Competition. with the Maitshaphrang Academic Award.
“Until that day, the Assam Police came to Mukroh and they knew that it was still under Meghalaya and they knew that people from Meghalaya came to Mukroh to farm.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Kur of Bri-Hynniewtrep will hold a public meeting at Nongstoin near the MECOFED office near the petrol pump on Tuesday. .
They asked him to talk to his mother and in the conversation his mother said that she couldn't do anything, she had no way to talk to him and there was no man in the family to hold her. he shall not do so.
Laitkyrhong won the title by beating Mawkynrew 2-1 in the final on Saturday at Umtong Football Ground.
Polestar Nongsiej, UDP candidate from the 32nd Nongstoin Assembly constituency, said that in the years since he started walking around the villages, the people have been complaining and expressing many problems.
The father of Prestarius, Pherikstone Lyngdoh, immediately reported the incident and lodged a complaint at Mawshynrut Police Station.
“The lack of promise by this Government is because there is no revenue from the education department but there is only expense,” he said.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that they were arrested this evening.
Shillong: The last day of the Cherry Blossom Festival on Saturday was filled with various programmes.
The DIG said that the woman had admitted that she had been pregnant for three months but when she was tested, it was found that she was not pregnant.
In these training centres, teachers include Khasi, Garo and other ethnic groups who have been trained not only in their jobs, but also in the knowledge of other languages. psychological preparedness to work abroad as well as on ethics.
He said the BJP was nothing in the past but now it is in power in the country.
“I have summoned the DGP and the IO including the OC regarding this incident.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Two resolutions, one on the strengthening of the implementation of the Land Transfer Act 1972 by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA of the VPP and another on the opposition to the Uniform Civil Code, were passed by the VPP MLA. A resolution tabled by VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Ardent M Basaiawmoit, demanding the suspension of the violation of the rules of Meghalaya Land Transfer. The Regulation Act, 1972, was passed by voice vote in the Legislative Assembly on Friday.
Now that he has turned away from me, he has fallen into the trap of heaven and earth.
And with this Act I have forgotten since they wanted to pass the CAB, that there will be a civil war in India.
On July 23, 2022, the State Government has appointed the Expert Committee headed by the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests & HoFF as Chairman.
The walk started on the 23rd of November and ended on the 25th of November with a stay of 1 night at Keria under Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and 1 night at Wah. Lukha is the upper part of Khatdum village which is 2 hours walk from Khatdum.
On this issue, he said that if the government feels sorry for the people of the area, it would be pleased to turn its attention and build a road to the area, so that the people will not suffer.
The NPP has supported the UDP in the current Executive led by Bah Titos Chyne as CEM. .
According to a letter sent to the JHADC, the residents of Mualsei, have alleged that the election of the Waheh Shnong is disrespectful to the elders in the village, as well as according to the custom of the Biate. They don't hold any meeting or dorbar on Sunday, with the permission of the Deputy Commissioner to hold the dorbar on the 6th October 2021 in compliance with the covid-19 rules. They took advantage and held the dorbar on another day which is Friday and that too they held the dorbar to elect the Waheh Shnong without public notice.
AITC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma won the seat from Songsak constituency with 372 votes ahead of NPP candidate Nihim D Shira.
Jain may be appointed as the interim DGP until another one is appointed.
Badondor Marbaniang scored the first goal of the match, one in the first half and one in the second half.
Shillong, July 30 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Friday slammed the National General Secretary of the Trinamool Congress, Abhishek Banerjee. they are only childish speeches and he offers to train him how to speak in public.
The new Acting Syiem will take over the throne tomorrow.
He said that education is the most important thing in human life.
Earlier, the former Speaker of the Lok Sabha on Friday alleged that the Chief Minister is the chairman of all the political parties in Garo Hills.
The BJP is currently in power in the state, which has a large tribal population, while the Congress and the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha are the opposition parties, which are fighting hard to overthrow Raghubar Das. Chief Minister of the State.
“Many Dkhars who marry Khasi women are not because they love them but just to do business to avoid paying taxes while carrying the wealth to himself,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Speaking on the occasion, the Sengbha-lang leaders said that this demand is not only for any political party but for the benefit of the Khasi Pnar people as a whole.
Shillong, July 15 : A day before the arrival of the President of India Droupadi Murmu in Shillong, the State Police today conducted heavy patrolling from Umshyrpi to 7 mer from the place where the President will land at the army helicopter landing site, as a rehearsal for tomorrow.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Chief Guest said that since he became a public leader, he has had a desire to provide schools and good roads. such places shall not be in the countryside.
“Therefore, in conjunction with this dark day, NESO has decided to hold a flag raising ceremony in all the major places of the seven states,” said the statement.
He said that many people have been criticizing the HSPDP, especially the supporters of other parties.
She also urged the students of schools and colleges to attend the rally.
He recalled that the synjuk was established during the tenure of CEM Bah HS Shylla (bam kwai ha dwar u blei) and has been in existence for three years. sha you father.
In fact, the DCs, Magistrates, IAS, IPS should be in the middle or should not be biased, but the sad thing is that many of the DCs, Magistrates who have been in power for many years have not been appointed. their rank and authority.
However, if they lose or fail to win in four (4) states in the next few years, the party will be derecognized by the Election Commission of India. ECI).
let me promise you that the resurrection will not happen and we will never allow it".
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the state police have arrested HNYF leader Bah Tarson Lymba on false allegations in connection with the incident. IED bomb blast in Mawlong Market.
However, during the Night Curfew and Lockdown, residents should stay at home and in their villages.
“The General Secretary of the Snooker Association in his speech said that the game also helps to relieve those who are anxious to be stingy and not to relax themselves.
“If it says to put them in the places where they used to live, it is up to the court but the government has prepared the places,” he said.
Bunlangki surrendered to the police while Helpful fled the village until the second day after being granted bail by the court.
These villages will fall under the Pynursla Civil Sub Division, which will come into operation from 15th June
He said that he had brought a resolution in the Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue, but it was rejected and he had to bring a motion.
Finally, the snap Paka through Bah Nang-oo Sari would like to express its gratitude to all those who have helped to organize this successful Khasi Traditional Costume Competition I would like to thank all the participants, sponsors and especially the Khasi Students' Union for their support to the Snap Paka Traditional Khasi Costume Competition.
He also demanded that the central government should provide vehicles for the transportation of the labourers.
At the meeting between the leaders of these four organizations and the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, they were able to form a Joint Action Committee against Casinos. BB Makdoh, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, was appointed as the Chairman of the JAC and Ferdynald K. Kharkamni, President of the KSU Ri Bhoi District, was appointed as the General Secretary. who are the leaders of these 4 organizations and the village leaders.
Therefore, it is important to preserve this tradition of taking ancestry from the mother and without this the Khasi Jaitbynriew could disappear completely from the face of the earth.
The rank of Asst Sub-Inspector in the police department has not yet reached the end of her hard work in bringing glory to the state.
Mitchell said the price of fish is the lowest price of all food items.
As soon as they were able to talk to him, his relatives made arrangements to reach him and with the help of NGOs they were able to leave for Kolkata and are now at Meghalaya House. the city and are waiting for a ticket home.
“We who are poor cannot afford to buy a computer which costs T.20 to T.30 thousand each,” said one woman.
She said that the KSU 's intention to forcibly expel the KSU from the village was only after the KSU found through RTI that Wolding Lamurong , Rangbah Shnong who is also the former Secretary VEC , had embezzled money The NREGS scheme amounted to T.5,14,900 last year according to an RTI received from Saipung Block.
The main thing to do is that Amit Shah should send an inquiry to the CBI on the allegations of corruption in Meghalaya so that as citizens we can have a clear information whether they are just allegations or not. and truths that cannot be hidden.
The two policemen who were shot dead by the havildar were Indra Kumar and J. Lalrohlua, both from the 2nd Battalion of the Mizoram Armed Police. patrolling in the Buarchep area – the border area between Assam and Mizoram.
The source said that the incident happened during the Dorbar of the village and at that time some people from the same area, came to shoot and beat he is the Sordar.
He reminded that the purpose of the organization to hold such tournaments is to unite the youth of the area and especially to bring closer to each other.
The State Government has decided to set up the Standing Coordination Committee (SCC) after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, convened a meeting with the SCC on Tuesday. IG BSF H. Dhilon, DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi and Village Leaders to discuss the allegation of rape by BSF troops against the Officer incharge of Muktapur Veterinary Dispensary, Dr. Seiboklang Buam. happened on the 11th of this month.
This comes after the All India Football Federation (AIFF) announced the list of players on Friday.
Pynthor and Mynsngat will face Tpepale and Loompyrdi Iongpiah in the Third Division Football match organized by the WJDSA at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
All members of the Executive Committee, teachers from various teachers' unions within JACATAM are requested to attend this important meeting.
They also encouraged them to wear the national dress and also to bring fame and glory to the state, Meghalaya.
It is necessary to take immediate action to ensure that all children receive quality education,” he added.
“The UDP leader said that the people are now criticizing and questioning the UDP's support for the Government, but in 2018 after the elections, many do not question the decline of the UDP. On the other hand, Bah Jemino said that at the CEC meeting held after the election, they had the opportunity to discuss and analyze the results and also to look into the nature of the victory and defeat of the election. establish.
“In the successful implementation of the fight against insurgents, Kulgam Police in collaboration with 1RR Police, 9RR, 18 Bn CRPF, 46 BN CRPF have defeated two militant groups and arrested three armed men along with ammunition and bullets.
Whatever happens to the winning candidates (whether you agree or disagree), that is the decision that you have to accept.
You don't have to fight until you die, even if you don't die, because the railway line will lead to death, because the railway station in Gauhati is not enough for those who want to travel by train.
Regarding the demand for the appointment of the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL, MeECL leaders said that after the retirement of the former CMD, the government has appointed him. CMD Incharge and this CMD Incharge shall hold only three posts.
He said that the time has come for the two rangkynih from Muliang, Bah JTS Thongni from Kyrdum and Bah KP Pangñiang from Tynghor, to take the heavy responsibility to carry together for the cause. The people of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency and the entire Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Many announcements were also made that various branches of the Seng Khasi will hold a shad suk yelli in their various villages.
Although Russia and Belarus have been allowed to compete in the Asian Games, it has not been decided which events they will be able to compete in.
The President left Colombo before the raid on his residence and was said to be in the western parts of the country.
HITO Shangpung Area West Jaintia Hills District has lodged a complaint against the collapse of a pedestrian bridge at Moolachah, Shangpung.
With the support of these five members to the EC of Bah Shylla, only Grace and Bah Pynshngaiñ remain in the PDF but Grace will leave the party tomorrow and this has prompted Bah Pynshngaiñ to stay alone.
To announce the great deeds of this Rangbah, the Seng Khasi Kmie, has honored him, at the Seng Kut Snem celebration held on the 23rd November,
Speaking on the maintenance of the road, these elders expressed their gratitude to the willingness of other youths of the village to provide services to the people of Sajer village. experienced traffic problems with the repair of the road.
Similarly, in Bihar, Maharashtra, the synrop is the largest group with veteran leaders, while others have only one leader.
In Football, there were 111 children including 102 boys and 9 girls.
If the Government of India has implemented the NRC, CAA or NPR and if these laws are to check the citizenship of the country, then the states have their own They have the right to assist the Government of India in preventing the illegal entry of foreigners and therefore, if the ILP should go to the Government of India, then the MRSSA is the authority for the State government.
Purno received 2,39,239 votes and Daryll received 1,99,8
Lincoln won by 15 votes over the other candidates, including the lizard, the dog and the cat.
Solicitor General Tushar Mehta said that as coal mining is illegal, there is no special road to enter and leave and assist the flooded victims. The Supreme Court judge replied that he did not want to discuss the issue and wanted to discuss the way to rescue the victims.
“The first issue if I win is to release MUDA from Upper Shillong immediately,” said Bah Hamlet.
The jio network in Sohiong has been shut down and it has affected the residents of the village especially in case of emergencies such as accidents and others. This also affects the price of data, but mostly due to network loss.
Shillong, July 19: Justice (Retd) BP Katakey has ordered the Government to auction 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal. At the same time, he has ordered that the coal should be auctioned within 10 years.
When contacted by many of the vendors in Nongstoiñ Market, none of the shopkeepers or vendors expressed their happiness or said that the market is running smoothly but only those who are not famous for the market. The market is not good, the goods are left without buyers, the goods such as sohsaw, jhur and jhep are rotten and when stored for a long time they rot and it has caused a huge loss of income.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, Bah R. Rapthap in his reply to the Right to Information (RTI) Act, TUR Leader Angela Rangad and CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing.
Shillong, June 16 : Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Congress party is confident of winning the MLA election from Sohiong Constituency because the people have seen the working methods of the government and political parties. and thus the people will give the right answer.
STIEH Leader Purity Phawa in a statement today, congratulated the people as well as the political groups and leaders who have joined hands to express their strong opposition to the CAB
The children will meet poikha para-children, these will spread evil all over the land of Hynniewtrep and all over the world.
Shillong: The district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday demolished two illegal coke factories in the district.
Therefore, Bah PS Lyngdoh, President of the Seng Samla of Hima Langrin, said that it is not necessary to go there because as a Jaitbynriew, we have the District Council which is our Traditional Authority. if it is a Traditional Authority, we will respect it.
They urged the PWD Nongstoiñ Division to look into and build another road so that the drivers will not suffer too much.
Thank God that this news will make us Khasi aware that the Court has no right to challenge the SCHEDULE TRIBE. As we know that Article 370/371 cannot be challenged by Parliament and it should be the same. also 6th schedule (rural areas).
Today, this reporter has asked Bah SK Sun whether he has any intention to use his son, Eugenson to call for help to campaign with him (as a father) to attract He said he has no intention of inviting or using his son to campaign in this election.
MDCs and government officials will also witness the annual ceremony.
Furthermore, under the leadership of Bah Precious Rani, the team from Meghalaya expressed their confidence that even for the first time they have taken part in the The tournament will also promote the sport known as Lawn Bowling.
The prize includes cash, a memento and a jacket.
The union is surprised that the government has summoned the suspects through the police department to accuse them of being the perpetrators of the past incidents. The issue has been pending for decades, in which from one government to another it has not been able to resolve the demands of the majority.
The two-day match ended within a day after SCA-A failed to bat first and managed to score 292 runs for the loss of five wickets.
Williamsom A. Sangma has upgraded the Civil Sub Division to the status of a full District and has appointed Nongstoin as the District Headquarters. In the economy, the people have increased in population, the people have built good houses with two or three floor houses.
Debasmita Dutta took one wicket for 10 runs and Ajima Sangma took one wicket for 17 runs for Meghalaya.
“This famous Declaration of Human Rights affirms that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and freedoms without discrimination. “On this day, we call upon all the citizens of the village to strengthen and resolve to stand together and protect to support especially those people who are still struggling for justice and at the same time to strongly condemn those persons or groups who violate and undermine the status of human rights “We pay special tribute especially to the courage and bravery of the private sector, volunteers, civil society organizations who come forward without fear or shame to speak out and advocate on issues affecting the rights of the people in this state, whether through advocacy or peaceful protests, “We give our full support to all the people and civil society organizations who have come forward to demand and get justice especially for those people who have been victims of torture and seriously injured and tortured, violated of their Human Rights at the hands of the Police.
In the Under-17 girls' category, North Liberty H/S School beat Riwar 6-0 goals while Kiang Nangbah H/S School beat Police 3-2 Public Secondary School has a tie breaker.
Prestone said 73 pigs have died so far, 24 pigs have been tested positive for African Swine Fever and 49 other pigs have been tested positive for African Swine Fever. The dead pigs have been sent for testing at Khanapara, Assam to confirm whether they were infected with African Swine Fever.
This is a thanksgiving to the country and the people.
Shilpi and Sharad Chandra will serve 20 years in jail, while Prakash and Shiva have been sentenced to life imprisonment.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has expressed his gratitude to Prime Minister Duh for the decision to hold G20 programs across the country and said, “If we look at the whole issue, In today's discussion on space technology and income generation, I am proud of what is happening here in Shillong today.
However, the body of the deceased was taken away.
The nation needs IAS, IPS, IFS and other ranks officers to work in the Central and State Government departments besides IRS and Allied Services officers.
Therefore, you must stop this project completely.
Conrad has already defeated Dr Mukul Sangma's wife Dikanchi D Shira in the mid-term MP elections.
Because they are not supporters of the MLA/MDC of Sohiong, these mothers have not received any assistance from him on this issue.
As a teacher, I am affected when I see the misunderstanding between the North-Eastern Hill University which is the employer, the college teachers and the administration who run the work and the State Government which is the right authority. see above the administration.
“After the infection of a nurse from PHC Pamrapaithlu, we are deeply saddened and we would like to urge the VCMCs in different villages under this PHC to help the government to monitor the people who have been in contact with the nurse to curb the spread of the disease. Shibaitlang Rymbai, Publicity Secretary, KSU-Wapung Unit, said and urged the public to cooperate.
to install Smart Meters in households in the state.
On the other hand, the residents of Umyiap area have expressed their gratitude to the government, especially to the MLA of Nongstoiñ, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, who has taken the initiative to bring these roads into the area. shisha in many ways, especially to the farmers to deliver their produce to the market.
Finally, they were dropped off at Mawlai Nongkwai where the party office is located.
We are a party only to get the opportunity to destroy the society of the country and the nation.
However, with the initiative of parents, teachers and well-wishers, this school has been established which now provides education to about 40 children.
Nongstoin, July 31: Three robbers who are also supporters of the United Garo Security Force (United Garo Security Force) and involved in the kidnapping of Bah Darius Marngar from Nongmai village on the 13th of this month have been arrested. They were arrested by the Aradonga Police.
In terms of financial accounting, Meghalaya's revenue in all sectors has increased by 63.22 per cent from T.9,485.08 crore in 2017-18 to T.15,481.09 crore in
It was also seen that in the area where the MDCs of the Liangsynshar used to sit, the seats remained the same and there were employees who were still busy writing. These seats were occupied by the employees of KHADC. When inquiring, it was learned that the old dorbar hall has been converted into an office of the Trade Department to look after the trade licences.
It is learned that the robber used to bomb and shoot his wife and children from time to time and not only that he used to threaten to kill them.
It is understood that this scheme was introduced to provide benefits to the casual workers/muster rolls in the state.
Martinez has been planning to leave Aston Villa since last year as Chelsea, Tottenham and Manchester United tried to sign a new striker.
At the meeting, the members and leaders of the party decided unanimously not to nominate a candidate in this election and to support the candidate to contest. Shillong: The State Police have arrested 35 suspects till today, according to reports.
Donkupar scored 21 runs for the team.
Air Marshal SP Dharkar is an experienced pilot who has flown 3600 hours so far.
The water has been taken to the Food & Safety Department at Pastuer Institute, Lawmali for testing to ensure that the water is safe for use as drinking water and for cooking. , in the sum of the site.
Is there a volcano in the past “Lum Mih Ding”? Please read this lyngkdop to Mr Trod Thaiang Sariang; & U Pin Thaiang Sariang who was beaten to death in Nowgong Jail.
Mohan Limu, Rangbah Shnong of Jhalupara Village Council, Bah Lamki Kyndiah, Rangbah Shnong of Paltan Bazar Village Council, members of the Cantonment Board.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, there has been a strong turnout of MDCs from other parties to the NPP. and Lamphrang Blah before the mid-term elections to the Legislative Assembly.
He said that all those who steal are guilty and from this, I don't trust the leadership of Bah Ardent and I have returned to the true national party, the UDP and HSPDP in the RDA,” said Bah Eadr. “I remember at a meeting in Smit, Late BB Lyngdoh said don't give a sword to a child, lest you kill yourself and this is true these days under the leadership of Bah Ardent. ".
On arrival at the scene, his motorcycle collided with a truck registration No.ML-06-3
The situation in India as a whole and the governance in India is something that we have to think about.
Who is misleading here? The son of a thousand is clear and understands all these things," he said. on my contributions to the community.
This was decided by the Cabinet meeting which passed the Bill yesterday, after the Central Government through the Joint Parliamentary Committee sought the opinion of the State Governments and the people.
Since July this year, the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has laid the ribbon to open these STEMS buses. However, even after 8 months, these buses have not been used properly because there are still too few children. who come forward to sit for leaving home to go to school and return home.
The Rangbah Shnong at that time, Thom Joh and Secretary Mar Shylla gave the NOC to the church for the construction of the church.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong, Pyrkhat Shylla, said that the village will continue to restrict the entry and exit of people to prevent the spread of this terrible disease.
I threw the faces of the driversTo come and drink there,But a few words of kwai I sang,When I had finished drinking.
This will be the onus of us the present generation for the sake of the future generations.
KSU Thangrain together with the Thangrain Village Authority have lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer PWD (Rds) Shangpung Division on the allegation that the contractor has constructed the road which is about 1 KM away from Nartiang Ionglwit. They love Thanksgiving.
At the same time, the Minister said that there will be tests on the ability and skills of the employees, and they will offer jobs and salaries based on their abilities and skills.
The union congratulated the MeECL officials for being quick to take action to complete the work.
The KSU has urged the SE MeECL to set up another sub station in Namdong as the Nartiang substation alone cannot provide electricity to all the villages in the Nartiang Constituency especially the villages on the border with Assam.
According to reports, about 1,100 people are still missing from the wildfires on the Hawaiian island of Maui.
Dr. PNongtdu, Principal, Jaintia Eastern College, gave a speech on cleanliness.
The Chairman of the MTDC, Bah David Nongrum, said that the Crowborough Hotel at Khyndailad will be completed in November
More than 140 participants received certificates of participation and the winners received cash prizes of T.5000, T.3000 and T.
Try.
The incident took place at Iroisemba, Imphal West and was set on fire at 7 pm on Sunday.
After the thanksgiving from the sordar, it was another time for the people to dance, in which the woman's ksing was played and the sound of the padiah ksing was played on the siej, here from children to adults. The elderly men and women took part in the dance around the field.
Those who have the spirit of serving the people, are more successful when they are in office as MPs or MLAs or MDCs. power and chair and money.
She said that it is necessary to monitor and curb the crimes that have been happening in Shillong.
He said that Meghalaya is blessed because the fruits and vegetables are good and tasty.
The Voice of People Party (VPP) will not hesitate to take protest measures if the MDA government does not immediately change the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy, said VPP President and Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit.
For example, Dr. Nonglait said, “If a child studies Khasi as his first language, he takes English as his second language which is compulsory until Class X. Language must take English as a second language.
Paul said the government should read carefully the President's signal that the government should call for talks with the political parties to resolve the issue.
The Assam Government has now taken authority to consider Mukroh village which is within the border of Jaintia Hills under the jurisdiction of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, Jowai.
The loss if the personal interview is abolished is only for those in power because they will no longer be able to politicize the rights of the youth.
The reason why the leaders of the HNYF, Northern Region, have closed down the Kudam Khaw, is after receiving a complaint from the people, who said that they have received the Khaw which has been cleaned. and Plastic Rice from a shop known as NP Store, Pahamsyiem Nongpoh.
Nongpoh: Speaking at a meeting held at Belkuri village in Marmain area of ​​Ri Bhoi district, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, said that the road from Nongpoh to Umden and the east to Sunapur, which is one of the most important roads in Ri Bhoi, will be completed soon.
The union also demanded that the PWD should take immediate action to repair the bridge which has not been repaired for more than 10 months.
" Niakha ordered.
He said he does not know where they get the authority to invite their people to come to the state. to go away, and it is their duty that they should go away from the place from whence they came.
It is impossible to take time off at will or to come to work late and go home early.
In our state too, many people have taken LPG for cooking and to get rid of rnga, wood and alcoholic beverages.
In the second half, the two teams scored 1-1 goals.
After the bridge has been lowered to a safe place, traffic will be allowed as usual,” he said. bridge.
At the Inter School Athletic Meet-2022, the Chief Guest in his speech congratulated the DSO office for being able to hold this meet again, after the outbreak of Covid-1 these past two years.
She will stay at the Circuit House and can be reached at No.78963-6
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills together with the Dorbar Shnong Riwiang on Thursday closed down the office of the Ferro Aloy Factory in Riwiang on suspicion of rape of a woman. The employee of this factory is a foreigner.
Therefore, he said that the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election), South West Khasi Hills District appeals to all to cooperate in all aspects as without the cooperation we cannot move forward. He also urged the government employees to carry out their duties with love, determination and hard work.
The book was published 70 years ago but has been republished this year.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 514 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases in the state has risen to
Later, this demand was submitted to the NDA government in Delhi on 17/11/1999 by the AASU.
The bapli had to leave the farming and livestock farming and knew that he would not be able to have his own land to farm.
The body of the militant could not be recovered till this writing, a Jammu & Kashmir police spokesman said.
According to the Congress MDC, the failure of the EC to appoint a Deputy Chairman shows that it has not been smooth sailing within the umbrella of the ARPA. “We will take a decision on this issue,” he said.
However, it is time to fight with strength and especially with intellectual strength, not with bloodshed.
In the past 24 hours, no new cases have been reported or recovered.
His escape has raised the question to the police who escorted him to Tura why this happened.
The ED sent a letter from its office in Kochi to Moideen, MLA from Kunnamkulam, 10 days after the seizure of 36 items worth T. 15 crore, including T.28 lakh in fixed deposits in the name of Moideen and his wife.
We see from many of our leaders today that they are truly old, but in their minds they are still truly young and unstable in their thinking.
Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab has said that the curfew in the country will continue for another three months. He said that if there is a recovery, the disease will not spread again.
There are also other measures and that is why we have introduced the MRSSA and other measures.
Mawphlang, March 23: The Hima Mawphlang has donated 5 acres of land to the KHADC for the construction of monuments to the culture and traditions of the Khasi people. .
The inability to drain water causes drought.
To oppose the formation of a Government by other groups outside the political sphere is something that does not happen easily.
“Yes Hep, I too, but how can I wait for the time when they will come and leave the house?” Lydia suggested. After a while, Hep left before coming back. Create and Create.
Therefore, we need to be careful about what we hear and see through social media and the internet.
Aibanjop Shadap, Head Coach of Rangdajied United FC, said that the team has all the players ready for tomorrow's final. This is a sign of hope for this club, which although it is the last in the state, but it is eager and determined to win the title. The SPL Championship trophy will be taken back to this year's season by these two teams, until the end of the round robin of RUFC. Mawlai SC have 18 points from 7 games while Mawlai SC have 16 points, and in the semifinal RUFC beat Mawlai SC 1-0 Shillong Lajong FC, while Mawlai SC beat Langsning FC 2-1. Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that those who oppose the removal of the petrol pump from Anjalee do not understand and their statement to oppose that given in government space, is stupid.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang while explaining the condition of the rivers and the orders and directives issued by the Court and NGT which should be followed strictly to protect and maintain the rivers. the cleanliness of the rivers.
Jana said that during the workshop, the children were divided into groups according to age, there was a category for those between 9-12 years, 12-14 years.
Meanwhile, KHNAM is ready to take over the seat which the two parties have rejected, and tomorrow morning it will hold a meeting to elect its CEM in which among the four MDCs will be elected. ia this work.
The Meghalaya Transport Corporation should think carefully and enforce strict rules against the foreigner who is not allowed to give land to foreigners as has been the case in other places,” said the Seng.
If the check gates are standing, we will see that we will be able to stop the illegal entry of foreigners and the ruser crimes that are trying to destroy our state as a whole,” said the President. KSU.“The government should understand that this Act is part of the fight against the authorities and part of the fight against drugs which destroys the youth in this state,” u said.
Shillong, Ïaïong, 07: The education department of the state government is now ready to appoint contract teachers in government schools which do not have teachers yet.
The counting of votes at 13 polling stations will start at 8 pm and the counting of postal ballots will start first for the first 30 minutes followed by the counting by the EVM Control Units.
The corona virus has caused a lot of trouble among the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia and this is from the food shortage, to the fear of disease, to the fear of others and it has been seen, in these days, that it has I don't feel afraid of the disease and I don't seem to have any intention to fight against it.
In West Garo Hills, there are 12 cases, of which 11 are high risk contacts and one is a foreigner.
Dr Drin Singh Hynniewta has also served as a doctor at Roberts Hospital since
Bah Paul said that in the Sohra area, almost every household has set up accommodation for tourists due to the large number of people who flock to visit.
In the women's category, Mawryngkneng Block won the title by beating Khatarshnong Block 3-2 by tie breaker.
After the arrest of these seven persons, the police also seized several weapons used by these persons in the robbery, including an Air Gun, two pistols, 1 self-made rifle, Bakhor, military uniforms, masks, military uniforms and other equipment, which they used in the robbery.
The Youth Wing and Longkmie Wing, on the night of the arrest, also seized 3.21 grams of heroin worth T.1,03,317 lakh, syringes, mobile phones, gold tins, coins, documents and other items.
The Seng also urges the companies Reliance and Aircel to provide their networks within six months from the date of publication of this news, otherwise the Seng will shut down these mobile towers on 8th July
On this occasion, the Social Welfare Department has honored the women who have special talents in their lives.
In the first half, Nongthymmai scored the first try of Y Gopi Singh before the end of the first half.
Shillong: The Union of Village Headmen of War Jaintia Hills, Amlarem, has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal of JICA to build a road through Dawki PHC, which is located in Bakur village, Dawki West Jaintia Hills.
Referring to the two-day HADR Seminar held at the site to discuss how to protect against natural disasters, Air Marshal C Hari Kumar said the meeting was a success. All the army chiefs and state government chiefs attended the meeting.
In October 2001, MNRE allocated 11.76 cores, MNRE contributed T.6.75 cores and NEC T.5 cores.
The Government of Meghalaya, on its own, has announced through the Meghalaya Gazette on 29.12.2017, the Central Act 49 of
“Sang” those who are married to brothers or sisters shall be sang.
Before the confirmation and swearing-in ceremony, the meeting was conducted by Samla Manstarwel Iawphniaw, General Secretary FKJGP Rambrai Circle. .
They appointed leaders (MLAs) but without My approval.
Police wanted to take the truck to the police station for further investigation but when it did not start they opened the back seat of the truck to check the battery and found that the body was covered. Nicolas's body was found in the seat.
Shillong: The JSU after meeting with the DC and receiving clarification that it is the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board, which has authorized in writing to issue environmental clearance for Star Cement from the MoEF&CC. After a thorough investigation, it was found that the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MoEF&CC) has authorized the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEF&CC) to issue the environmental clearance. by Star Cement.
It is worth mentioning that the KJDSTA has already sent a letter of request to the Chief Minister, which has been in existence for several months, but the Chief Minister has not sent it. and thy answer is yet unto this day.
The state has just celebrated its golden jubilee or its 50th anniversary so now I offer you the golden opportunity to bring about not only a change in the faces of the leaders but especially a change in the structure and culture. to create laws and regulations relating to the welfare of the country, the nation and the state as a whole”.
Shillong: “The Kilo System is the best way to do this in the past,” said Bah G.Warlarpih Secretary of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association. The Welfare Association (KJBWA) said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Ms Bada said it is shocking that if the nation completely changes the lineage from mother to father, it will become a bloodshed which will affect the dignity of the nation as a whole.
Praising the increase in the number of women's groups working as a group, the Minister recalled that at the beginning of 2018 there were only about 40,000 women but now they have increased manifold.
Mamata met Shiv Sena leaders Sanjay Raut and Aaditya Thackeray today.
God redeemed the Israelites from physical slavery, delivered them as slaves after 1945 AD. He gathered them to fight to fulfill the prophecy of the Word of God which says – “Thou art my sword and my weapons of war: with thee will I break in pieces nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms” Jeremiah 51:2
Heimon Lathong (37 years old), son of Ribha Lathong of Saphai village, West Jaintia Hills District, passed away on 09/12/2
The Minister said that the Government has received 5-6 applications for the creation of the new Block but has not yet decided on them.
At the same time, Bah Sawkmie congratulated them on their victory and on bringing glory to the country and the state as a whole.
The voice of the people is now to appeal to those Sengbhalang who are working hard to protect the future of the people from being plundered by the exploiters, especially the people of Maweit area who are Khasi paradoh parasnam. of you, that they may show it this time by works.
Even though the Meghalaya High Court has had to intervene in this matter, it has been witnessed that the repair or construction of torti and maintenance of this road is only within these areas. In the 2nd or 3rd month of this new year, it will be the same.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: PFR Football Academy will play a friendly against Kaziranga Football Academy at Jawahalal Nehru Stadium in Guwahati on Tuesday from 11:00 pm. good morning.
“The portal will be ready and can be implemented. After it is ready, its feasibility will be announced publicly through the companies that should register for it,” he said.
Five coal miners were shot dead by robbers at Garegittim village in Nongalbibra area of ​​South Garo Hills district on Friday.
There is a difference between the chapters in these subjects and the marks allocated.
According to media reports, there have been talks between Bah Don Massar and the NPP leaders to remove him from Pynursla constituency as it is the constituency where his wife Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken will contest. The NPP candidate from Pynursla constituency will be Prestone Tynsong and the NPP candidate from Shella constituency will be Sainkupar Riahtam.
He said what the government can do now after the court's decision is that MUDA should expedite the issuance of OC and other requirements to the people in need, if there is a problem or a mistake. MUDA, those people can come and inform him to do whatever is necessary.
The party also urges all the 35 Khasi MLAs to speak out on the issue of including the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule.
Punjab have reached the final of the Santosh Trophy 16 times in 1970-71, 1974-75, 1980-81, 1984-85, 1985-86, 1987-88, 2006-0 –08 and can carry victories up to 8 times.
The Meghalaya government through the Assam government should order these Karbi leaders not to incite the angry people.
The video, which was obtained by Rupang, shows that these people were locked in a room, which is believed to be a village house. The crowd, who tried to enter the room, where the four men were.
The Prime Minister's fight against corruption has been going on since the NDA government and through this tool, it will enable the government to invest in development projects for the country. .
In a meeting with the media, the Pay For Right Football Academy today announced that it will open a football training camp for the youth of Ri Bhoi District. .
Speaking on the occasion, the Asst Secretary of the Meghalaya State Housing Board Employees Union (MSHBEU) Bah Teilang Nongsteng said that they have not received their salaries for 15 months.
“Speaking on the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016, under this Act, there has been a District Task Force Committee headed by the Deputy Commissioner as Chairman. Surprisingly, the government has not yet been able to implement the union's concern about the threat of illegal entry of foreigners.
However, it is said that the Israeli leader at this time has justified Israel's continuous attack on Gaza for the sake of the child who has become an orphan and who has been allowed to The enemy is the Hamas rebel.
It is a difficult task for the department to negotiate to convince the villagers to allow the installation of new pipes.
The program was held at Khuman Lampak, Imphal.
The Cabinet is a body of Ministers headed by the Prime Minister and is the highest authority of the Government which decides and implements policies and laws.
Replying to a question, Prestone said the reason for the delay in sending the UCs is because the Government of India has introduced a new system of working using portals. for.
The meeting was opened by the Nominated MDC of JHADC Octomewot Lamin.
“We have also requested the residents of both sides not to fight each other.
This was announced at a 10-day meeting held by the Meghalaya government in collaboration with the Center for Budget and Policy Studies, Bengaluru on the 26th of this month.
One person has died in East Khasi Hills today, according to the DHS MI.
“The implementation of the Roster is in accordance with the issuance of the new OM and this is the basis of the Party to implement it from now on and not backwards,” he said.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of St. Mary's Secondary School, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, Deputy MLA of St. Mary's Secondary School Maweit Parish. Commissioner of WKH, SP, Superintending Engineer of PWD (Road) Western Circle, Executive Engineer of PWD, employees of the department, officers of various departments, Village Leaders and thousands of people and the multitude that came to witness that day.
Police have searched for the suspects through the CCTV footage installed at the house of Bah Rapsang.
At the same time, a more detailed explanation was received from Bah W.Shabong CDPO. He explained that regarding the children who received this assistance, there are only two children from West Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the government lawyer S Senggupta said that a tender has already been called and the work has been awarded for the improvement of the road. They have not yet started to improve the road.
Speaking to reporters, Rituraj Sinha said the BJP has moved forward to implement the slogan, 'Modi for Development, BJP for Meghalaya ( BJP for Meghalaya).
The KJCLF also urges Christian groups and churches to encourage their members to understand the value of their individual vote, to overcome the temptations of money and other useful things. and to elect candidates who have the skills, dedication to serve the nation and determination to fight corruption in the State.
“With the help of the SP, these three candidates were able to cast their votes,” said IG Eastern Range Bah A Sunn.
Shillong: The closure of schools and colleges in the state for more than a year since the outbreak of Covid-19 has caused students to lose their classes. parents to worry about the future of their children.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The North Eastern Council (NEC), which is the highest department of the central government in charge of the eight states of the region, has not received the funds it should have received. it's damli if you compare it with what you need.
The state has failed.
“We are still waiting for the decision of the party and as members of South West Khasi Hills District, we are ready to carry out the struggle from now on,” the statement said.
KSU Narpuh Circle has lodged a complaint at Umkiang Police Patrolling Post after the illegal quarrying of stone in Wah Malidor.
Speaking to media, u Bah Renik said that this is the first visit after the establishment of the Regional Committee in charge of natural disasters. He congratulated the Engineers who have taken the initiative to ensure that the road is safe for traffic and urged them to do as soon as possible to repair the road for the safety of the people.
When asked whether the VPP will seek support from other political parties for this election, he said the party does not need that support because the party's foundation is completely different. -bak from other nations.
The foreigner, Ali Iman, has lodged a complaint against MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo and General Secretary Aimonbha Syad at Ladrymbai Beat House.
At the same time, Ma Jersom said that this public meeting is also a meeting and getting to know each other.
Furthermore, it will cause concern to the public and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare which can also lead to the risk to its employees and frontline workers.
The union said that the power outage was due to the loss of a transformer inside the village.
According to sources, Assam did not mention any name during the preparation for the Shillong-Dhaka bus operation and during the inspection with Custom, Police and BSF officials. from the MTC held at Dawki in
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the State needs about 1700 million units of electricity per annum while the State itself can produce only 1000 to 1100 million units per annum, which shows a shortage of about up to 700 million units.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 13: The Mawlasnai Football Association (MFA) today opened a football tournament in memory of one of the great leaders of the state who is also the leader and former minister of the state from Umroi Constituency. The tournament was named 'EK Mawlong Memorial Football Trophy' in memory of (L) EM Mawlong.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Syiem Khynnah of Hima Khyriem in the presence of the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Paiem Miwel Shadap, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung Border Area. , Bah Blikshon Sohtun, the chiefs of the Raid and the children of the Raid Nongtung.
“All this is the stingy calculation of the previous MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma.
He also blessed the Unit for its progress in all its activities.
Nongpoh: A group of auto drivers in Nongpoh, under the banner of the NRAO&DA, today met with Bah I Kharmon, DTO of Nongpoh to seek clarification on the issue. They met inside the office of the DTO in Nongpoh due to the uncertainty of the arrival of the MVI who is inside the DTO office in Nongpoh.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Meghalaya Pollution Control Board today ordered the closure of five hotels in Garo Hills including Paramount Complex, Natraj Hotel and Rajkamal. Sundare Hotel and another in the name of JR Marak at Hawakhana.
The police arrested the cop.
In the incident, two persons in the house, Kilman Ch Marak and Ranjan M Marak, were involved in a fight.
In this regard, the Pharmacist in charge of the Central Medical Store has informed the Director to dispose of these expired medicines and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sent to dispose of these medicines.
At the same time, I urge the people if you are anywhere to prepare yourself because you don't know when the Bangladeshis will attack us. Therefore, we must be ready to win the war.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Aquafest, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District said: , Bah W.Nongsiej congratulated the Fisheries Department of the state for organizing this program and said that this program is perfect for the residents to discuss with the workers. government on its schemes and programs and also allows farmers and trade unions in the area to exhibit and sell their products.
The program was organized by the District Horticulture Office, West Garo Hills in collaboration with the Directorate of Food Processing of the State Government.
On receiving information that the Vice Chancellor will be present at the North East Philosophy Teachers Meet, 2023 held at the Seminar Hall, Kiang Nangbah, NEHU, Shillong Campus, the students entered the meeting. force inside to disrupt the meeting.
Meghalaya scored 36 runs in the first innings against Mizoram in the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy which was held in Cuttack on Sunday.
The Union of Muster Rolls (UMU) has expressed its gratitude to the authorities. District Administration of East and West Jaintia Hills from the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police who have taken responsibility to implement the orders of the government in the district.
It may be recalled that on the 5th of November this year, SBUK celebrated the first Lyngkhuh Snem of the school, in which the celebration also included two short dramas in Khasi, The game was played by non-Khasi students of this school.
When it takes root inside a person, pride, greed, pleasurable drinks such as drugs, alcohol and intoxicants enter.
However, thank you very much to the UDP for remembering us,” said Bah AS Mawlong, 75, who said that only at a young age, young people came out to fight for the cause of the Jaidbynriew.
Therefore, the union strongly condemns the negligence of NHIDCL and urges the government and the Minister in charge to take action on this issue as this action of NHIDCL has put in danger and problems to the people. pedestrian from this road.
He said that in order to increase the revenue collection of the State, the Government has taken this decision to increase the price of diesel by 100 per litre, as at present Meghalaya has the lowest price. of diesel compared to other States.
Shillong, July 22 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has set a target to complete the major projects of the Council before the end of
The speaker's story will be in vain if others hear without listening or if they cannot understand or understand the language used by the speaker.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawsiatkhnam, Bah Jones Majaw, on Tuesday said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided to sell the land on Kynlung Hill to those who come to buy it. lawsuits fought by other towns.
In this regard, the Minister in charge of Home Affairs and Cooperation, Union Government, Amit Shah has taken an important decision to use computers and empower the registrars of all 28 States and 8 Union Territories, and 1,851 Agriculture and Rural Development Banks (ARDBs) operating in 13 States.
Sandesh Jhingan scored the opening goal before the end of the first half, before Sunil Chhetri scored the second goal from the penalty spot before the end of the first half. In the second half, India were able to win the match.
The construction of the road should be done in the evening as in parts of Shillong and other places.
The office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong invites everyone to take part in this race as a sign of celebration and to celebrate this great day.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the Integrated Health Campaign held at the Parish Hall in Nongpoh, Dr. E Kalwing, Assistant Director (Prevention) of MACS said that Ri-Bhoi District has 515 cases of HIV/AIDS and is still undergoing treatment. The Health Mela recently revealed that there are 23 cases of HIV/AIDS in Ri-Bhoi District. 6871 residents who have gone for testing have been tested positive for the virus.
We feel that the e-Proposal System will be a change in the system of governance and will also encourage other states in the country to follow suit”.
The match will be played tomorrow 29.11.2023 at 8 pm between Mynsgat vs Thadmusem, Khonsaro vs Umplu Umshangiar at 10 pm and Nongnangma vs Mookma Sehla at 12 noon. .
" Ezekiel 38:4-16.
Far from the banshot! what a wonderful thing! Such an act is not the work of intellectuals or a nation that has enlightened in mind, but it is clear that it is a nation that is darkest among the darkest.
“It really affects me as the EM to see that we EMs have been rejected, we have been a party that has worked without any restrictions, but it is clear that the CEM does not trust us” Donkupar Sumer said that as the EM of the market, he has a sense of relief when the people tell him how the EM of the market does not know when the KHADC goes to the market.
“We should never believe when it comes to this”.
A study by Bangor University in the United Kingdom has found that those who follow the rules during the pandemic are more likely to suffer and become mentally ill after the pandemic. They are also very vulnerable to human dignity, income and movement.
Let us love our KHASI COUNTRY with a LUI LUI BEING and with a KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. SLA PYRTHEI.Many times from the past until now we say, THE COUNTRY IS BLESSED BY GOD. LUILUI IS NOT BY LOVE OF ARSAP AND WE MUST LOVE WITH KNOWLEDGE AND KNOWLEDGE. Then, as Bah Purning reminded us, “When you love your country, you love your nation, you should not love arsap”.
Earlier, the Minister of Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, reminded the youth that the money they receive should be used properly for the development of their talents. you don't have to play sports.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 26: The Ri Bhoi People's Council (MPP) together with the Meghalaya People's Social Organization (MPA) have announced a sit-in protest on 4th October 2024 in front of the Indoor Stadium at Umlyngkdait. The resolution of the District Selection Committee of Ri Bhoi District.
“We as truck owners who transport goods across the state and abroad are suffering a huge loss due to the increase in the price of petrol,” he added.
On the other hand, the DC said that Section 144 CrPC will now apply only inside the polling station and not outside.
“To show our determination, I have decided to dissolve the committee headed by Bah Lapang,” he said.
Jesus said, “If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness!” Matthew 6:2
These organizations are Karbi Students Association (KSA-Bijoy Bey), All Dimasa Students Union, Karbi Longri NC Hills Liberation Front, Karbi Students and Youth Council and Karbi Farmers Association.
Shillong, one of the cities known for its beauty and cleanliness, has reached the 276th position in the Cleanliness Competition in the country. India.
The HNLC hopes that the government of Conrad Sangma will take immediate action, but if it does not succeed, it will soon be seen that Meghalaya will become like Tripura, where they arrive. HNLC General Secretary Cum Publicity Secretary Saiñkupar Nongtraw said in a statement that France is considering military rule after the elections. that there will be a great deal of trouble in that country.
Speaking to reporters at her office today, she expressed her condolences to some of the teachers who did not want to be named, where during the screening of the children, there was a threat to The screeners said, 'I'll kill you, you're like that'
The truck entered the one-way road and hit the scooty, but fortunately the driver of the scooty quickly got out of the scooty before the truck hit and carried away the scooty. two wheels until the front part cleared its own.
Thus, in the 2024 season, the number of teams will increase to 40 including Laitkor SC and Nongrim Hills SC who qualified from the First Division last season.
The program is also part of the Baichung Bhutia Football School Residential Academy's 100 trials at 100 venues across India.
“I have checked the payment of these rusit paid to the ASHAs received in different blocks.
Bah JA Lyngdoh and Dr. Aman War are the candidates who are preparing to contest from North Shillong in the 2023 MLA elections.
Earlier, Prestone had agreed to the proposal of UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy to nominate a joint candidate for the MP election and other leaders from the HSPDP, PDF and BJP but they did not want it to happen. “Let us talk to the MDA friends first. It is not good for me to say anything on this now,” said Bah. Preston.
He said that their visit today, perhaps it can be said that the gate of the Secretariat has ears, where they have met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong and demanded that the They also expressed their satisfaction that the new Chief Secretary has been accompanied by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, urged the parents to take responsibility to teach their children that this path is wrong, to show their love. to the country and the nation.
The WYWO said that the foreign countries also recognize Trot Sing Syiem as the hero of Khasi and Jaintia.
Therefore, they are not 'riewshlur' but 'khawpud', especially when they remember to cover their own face.
Prestone said that so far, only 58.5% of the people who have registered in the state have registered.
The Khasi Jaintia Students' Union, Guwahati, which looks after the welfare of the students in the city, held a fresher's meet at Six Mile Catholic Hall on Monday.
India's Olympic and Diamond League champion Neeraj Chopra will now prepare to defend his title by taking part in the tournament. Qatar will host the Diamond League Series in Doha on the 5th of this month.
The Rotary Club Jowai on Friday honored two persons including R Konel Phira, Tyngshop of Jowai and Ram Kynjing, Sculptor.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that regarding the MDC election to the GHADC, there are several candidates who will contest from Garo for this election.
Besides, it was found that at this department in Nongshillong, it was found that even if you ask for medicines, you don't get them, which is a serious problem for the department as a whole.
In many places, there has been flooding on the roads, landslides and blockage of drains, but no one has taken responsibility to solve these problems which affect vehicles and passengers in in many ways due to the suspension of these companies for many months.
Shylla was speaking at a meeting held on Saturday in Majai.
Nongpoh: The residents of Ri Bhoi Sepngi, Ri Bhoi District, have expressed their deep concern over the increasing number of ATMs of SBI at Patharkhmah village in Ri Bhoi District.
This is the highest seizure in the state so far, police said.
At the same time, he said that there are about 8 or 9 MLAs from different parties who have proposed to contest from the UDP in the upcoming elections.
It is learned that the army has also conducted flag marches to curb the clashes.
She said that the farmers have reported that there are buyers who are slow in the evening saying that they have to sell at a lower price, because the demand for their products has decreased.
Nongrim Hills FC scored the first goal in the 23rd minute through Bankit Nongrum before Phibankhraw Nongkhlaw scored the second goal in the 23rd minute.
Shillong: The Youth Wing of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) today condemned the statement of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Mohan Bhagwat that all Indians are Hindus. .
Qualification: Your qualification is a long snap; skill is the ability to know and understand in any field.
The leaders discussed, exchanged ideas and with their wisdom and insight, they achieved the aspirations of groups, different ethnic groups and especially the minorities and indigenous peoples.
Criticizing the actions of the Indian government, the High Court said, “This government has not taken any action at all” and added, “As it is now, we know that this country is only God's. , who runs".
The size of the land remained the same and decreased in other flooded areas.
This determination is achievable.
Members of Ka Sur ki Paidbah Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep who were blocked by the police when they reached the gate to enter the Main Secretariat, sat quietly in the middle of the road carrying placards demanding that To submit the investigation report and to punish according to the rules of law the police involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherishtarfield Thangkhiew.
Setmon was shot in the head while Birest was shot in the chest in the incident at 6 pm.
May those differences mentioned above be clean and beautiful for this country and our nation.
Search Google.
It is true that I (Late) Revd.T.Rodborn – I receive a salary as a school teacher of only Rs 14 (khadsaw) tyngka per month. also until
This new infant formula is specially formulated according to traditional methods and modern technology and has been tested.
Shillong, June 15: Former Sordar Shnong of Mawlein, Bah Phran Wankhar, on Tuesday said that the defeat of Ardent Millar Basawiamoit for the second MLA election is due to a reason and the victory of Ampareen Lyngdoh for the second time as an MLA. reason.
No one can stop anyone from speaking any language.
The President of the Seng Khasi Kmie gave a prayer and thanksgiving prayer at the Seng Seng Hall in the morning. , Rgh O.Pyngrope.
The Supreme Court had scheduled to hold the hearing on the 19th of November but for some reason, it had postponed it.
Mairang: One of the employees of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Markasa Branch, has tested positive for COVID-1 July, 2021 and thereafter to quarantine themselves for 10 days.
Therefore, the true voice of the people calls upon all those who have been appointed to hold fast to their own illness and to be determined to unite together to unite in one group, even if it includes any group. The world doesn't have a Khasi snap.
“The drug trafficking in Shillong is a threat by the authorities to the people,” said FKJGP Central Body Vice President Kitboklang Nongphlang, while speaking at the confirmation meeting between the Circle Leaders. Shillong, which was held on the 3rd of this month at its office at Mawlai Kynton Massar.
Besides, Hynniewtrep leaders whom the government does not like have been attacked and insulted.
On the claim that Aadhar number should allow people to enter and become citizens, Kohli said the BJP leader has said that the Congress is trying to mislead the people just to get votes. .
Other reasons given by Hadrian include that in West and South West Khasi Hills all the MDCs have worked together with the MLA, in Mawthadraishan, Nongstoin and Mawshynrut but only Shillong, 9 Lber: U Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi said the state government has taken action to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the state by creating measures in this regard.
The CM also expressed his hope that this fertilizer plant will play an important role in meeting the needs of the region and the state.
Together we shall stand, we shall fall, Together we shall win the goal if we have the will;One unity has the power, Whether in the village, in the village or even in the city.
The search for these two persons by the residents of the two villages together with the police has lasted for two days, but nothing has been found.
Members and leaders of the HYC in Ri Bhoi, led by Bah Hercules Suting, yesterday went to meet the woman. Bhoirymbong CHC, to get an explanation from the Longkmie on the incident and her statement.
It can’t just announce through the media that it has cancelled.
The SP said the suspect was believed to be 40-45 years old, 161cm tall, wearing a brown jacket, blue pants, T-shirt and dark colour, the shñiuh is grey.
The decision was taken at the Executive Committee meeting of the PDF Zonal Committee in Mawkynrew today.
NPP Prof Malcom Tariang has arrived in Shillong East to strengthen the party for the 2023 elections.
However, what is more difficult for them is that they may lose even the MLA/MP/MDC elections except for those general seats like Pynthorumkhrah, Mawprem, Laban (Khasi), Phulbari and Rajabala. (Garo Hills) because they don't accept their ST.
Besides his position as President, Seng Khasi Lyngkyrdem, he is also one of the Vice Presidents of the Seng Khasi Ri-War Mingngi, and has also been the Vice President of the Seng Khasi Children's Association. Raij and other religious organizations.
He said that most of the time when they go to lodge a complaint at Mawlasnai Police Outpost, they don't find the police and there are only a few people and if they lodge a complaint, they don't register a case. It is difficult for the people to get that protection from the police.
In the incident, he said that the dress code of the people who shot Agnes could be identified as the coal owners and they were younger.
Also that teachers and musical instruments are included in this scheme.
He said that the party leaders in Delhi have not yet called a meeting and therefore the party leaders in Meghalaya have not been able to know whom the High Command has approved to give tickets.
Speaking on Tuesday, Bah Titosstarwell, who has now become the Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, said that from the signs there is an order from the NPP leaders to remove him from the post of CEM. “There are MLAs who have set rules that I should not be removed,” said Titosstarwell.
When contacted by reporters on other issues, Cherish said, “Now I have declared that I am no longer a member of the HNLC, I have retired, I have no right to speak on the HNLC. “If I am still a member of the HNLC, I will speak, I will speak and I will speak,” he said.
There are many reasons why you should not be afraid of this attempt.
Marngor, July 28: U Bah Alantry Dkhar, Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that there are rumors that the Khasi people are suffering from three evils or three evils. and they called it Khalai, Kyiad, and Kynthei.
The injured were taken to Mawsynram PHC for treatment.
The incident was registered at Mawsynram Police Station.
This program is supported by the Government of Meghalaya under the Voluntary Action Fund 2016-17 through the District Planning Office.
Their dream was to liberate India.
However, about 5-10 seats could not be confirmed but he promised to confirm in the next 48-72 hours.
Warner Bros. has also showcased the talents of some of the actors and actresses and helped to promote their careers. this.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Phrangkai said it is a pride for him to lead FC Goa and he hopes to improve in the ranks of the club.
Conrad's side.
Gaza: The Israel Defense Force (IDF) has released the statement of a Hamas militant who called his parents and told them that he had killed 10 Jews.
The marriage should be converted into a new marriage:- In the village language, the marriage is called 'Ku'
Ban also expressed his gratitude to the Congress for offering him ticket.
It does not mean that once the policy has been drafted, nothing can be done.
I will work forward, regardless of political, religious or ethnic differences.
Regarding the increase in the number of cases in Jail Road, the Rangbah Shnong, P.Dey, said that from the 5th of this month, the market from Jail Road, Petrol Pump to the market near Polo Tower will be closed for three days.
The program was enriched by a patriotic drill by the students of Mission UP School and the program was enriched by the participation of Anganwadis and SHG members. They included officers from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, ICDS, BMC, SSA, Mawryngkneng, Police from Mawryngkneng PS, teachers, school children and also officers and staff. of the Block office.
The opening match of the tournament was between Top Guy Football Team and Pyrshang De Football Team at 12:30 pm where Top Guy FT won by 8 – 2 goals. .
Other leading leaders, whom I remember who were involved in that mass movement, were; Lina Adel Laloo and Enit of Mission Compound, Moreen Lyngdoh, Plain R Mawthoh, L. Gilbert Shullai, Stephen Lyngdoh, Markan Lyndem, Dr John Victor Diengdoh, Hamlet Bareh, Stetnel Shylla, Wattis War and others.
In another development, Dr A War, Director of Health Services, said that today, there are three cases of Covid-19, two of them are BSF personnel and one is BSF personnel. and Khanapara Ribhoi District.
Then God sent a terrible windstorm on the sea, and the ship was about to sink.
This will not only promote them but will also benefit them in the implementation of various schemes implemented by the Central and State Governments,” said the Minister in charge of Labour. that this is another milestone in the achievement of the goal of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in terms of the welfare of the non-governmental people, who are the builders of the country. .
Psalm 23:1 “The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not lack"Hebrews 13:5 “Be free from covetousness, and be content with them. for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee"Philippians 4:19 “And my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:11-13 “Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content. but I will not hear.
John5:43.
“What is surprising is that he sold private land to the KJP Synod Sepngi in Patgoan, but later the Synod also wrote to him that it had written that he sold people's land in “, said Bah Curtis in the presence of the elders who opposed this action of the Syiem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: Due to the inconvenience caused by the traffic jam and also the negligence of the PWD department, the Lumdiengjri Police, including the traffic officers, today came out to repair the The National Highway opposite the police station in Shillong.
Alberth Kharjana scored in the 15th and 64th minutes, Dibor Kharjana in the second, Tyngshain Kharjana in the 53rd minute and Borsing L Mawlong in the 75th minute.
The failure of the Government of Meghalaya has become increasingly evident when it has not been willing to share even a word when the Government of Assam has brought about any development works in the border villages.
There will be an exhibition of Indian products in various countries and markets in collaboration with the IBEF, along with the promotion of products through social media.
After this, in the bronze medal match in the women's category, East Khasi Hills District defeated West Garo Hills District 25 – 14, pp. 1 – 11 , 25 – 20 .
Speaking to media, Shangpliang said the Congress will seek clarification on the state government's permission to those who are trying to restore instability in the state.
Regarding the allegation that about 5 lakh and a half Covid funds have been misappropriated, he said that 5,000 tyngka has been distributed to 20 Covid Management Committees along with other needs of the people and the constituency.
Jack has not yet been tested, but has been treated at home.
ORGANIC FARMING, is a term, which is widely spoken in relation to agriculture, which the world is talking about, that is, the use of SBOH MARIANG. sboh, which is also called SBOH PYUT from the leaves of the trees, the leaves of the trees, the leaves of the trees that have rotted.
And that time is only 1290 days; 1260 + 30 days = 1290 days.
The MLA also handed over a Work Order of T.5 lakh to the school authorities to improve the facilities of the school through the Inter State Border Areas Development Scheme. Development Program that as an MLA he wants the schools in the border area to be adequate and adequate to spread education as well as a laptop and a printer.
Soils with a pH of 5.5 to 6.5 are suitable for growing crops such as slasha, rice or wheat.
Thombor said the government has held meetings with all the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) in Shillong to discuss the building bye laws. The Government has agreed to issue a notification to authorize the ADC to implement the Building Act in areas outside the jurisdiction of the Municipal Board.
Similarly, in politics, this understanding is essential.
Shillong: Before the screening of the Khasi film 'Pynngop', the screening of the Khasi film 'Pynngop' was held at Shillong Press Club today. , Producer, Bah Favian Sawkmie, one of the producers of the story and others.
When asked, the Minister said the Government will be able to elect the new Chairperson of the MSCW within the first month of June.
Food itself is a great medicine for health if we know how to eat properly for our body.
Rida's mother said, “To to, you can't send me to Synod College again.
JOWAI: The Deputy Chairman of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Ailad Bhoi has violated the order of the Meghalaya High Court by suddenly ending the session without allowing the session to speak in the Dorbar Tlang. which is on Friday.
Williamnagar, July 29: Convener of the Meghalaya Janata Dal United (JDU) Robinus T Sangma, who is also the candidate from 43-Williamnagar constituency, today said that the National General Secretary of the JD(U) Afaque Ahmad Khan has been elected. He will visit Williamnagar on 31st July to announce the candidates for the party's elections in June.
Friends United won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 212/6 in 32 overs.
Secretary-GG Bung Snaitang, Synshar Lyngkhoi and Hugebert Wanniang.
At the same time, he demanded that the government should install LPG cylinders in the classrooms of schools under PM Poshan, to avoid the use of wood (dpei) which affects the environment. health and the environment as well.
As no candidates from the Opposition including the Congress, TMC and VPP have filed their nominations, Thomas will be the elected Lamphang without any contest.
Robertjune said Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland have implemented ILP and Sikkim has implemented RAP and PAP which is related to ILP while Andaman and Nicobar Islands also have such permits.
Shillong: Two heavy weapons, along with a rocket and a rocket, were recovered from the forest near Dorengkigre village, near the Simsang River, in Williamnagar this morning.
Group-B, Kolkata: ATK Mohun Bagan (West Bengal), Sanju Football Academy (Sikkim), FAO Academy (Odisha), Minerva Academy FC (Punjab), Football 4 Change Academy (Manipur).
Hunbait Khyriem (18) scored the first goal for West Jaintia Hills.
The number of calls of up to 36,000 has been received since the establishment of the Helpline and this shows that the participation of women in reporting cases of violence has increased significantly,” he said.
He said that the preparation for the recruitment will start soon and the Government will ensure that these vacancies will be filled within this year.
However, even in the past, there have been one or two pastors who have been involved in political activities, and some have served as president or secretary at the circle/block level.
He also recalled how the Seng has been running for 43 years from time to time despite many challenges.
Speaking at a meeting at Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Bah Tynsong said that the road will be named Thomas Jones Road in memory of the father of the Khasi alphabet.
JOWAI: U Karmi Myrchiang has been elected as the new Dolloi of Mynso District.
Gokhale said, “How do you think the IITG will give a clear report on the collapse of the dome?
The villages visited by the delegation today are Hahim, Aradonga, Tuhiapara, Malang, Salbari and Athiabari. and Assam.
In the end, the land owners rushed to the DC offices of Assam, where they received nothing without payment of days or money. to Mauriceus.
Shillong, Naitung 6: The meeting of the Chief Executive Members (CEMs) of the ADCs convened by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on Tuesday in Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 07: The State Government has not yet confirmed when it will complete the construction of the entry and exit points as agreed with the civil society to curb the influx of foreigners.
Regarding these vehicles, these leaders have handed over to the Rani Police Station for further investigation.
She also said that there are 7 students who have received distinction in various subjects.
Online training will continue and be encouraged.
Schedule 'M' means vehicles with at least four wheels used to carry passengers and Schedule 'N' is for vehicles with at least four wheels used to carry goods, which can also carry passengers. .
Mawlai were turned away before the end of the first half through Mainingstar Marngar (45'+1).
In a statement, the Chairman of the Chief Executive Members, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that if we continue to demand only the Rangbah Shnong Act, it will be a violation of the customs and traditions. powers from the Village Dorbar, Raid Dorbar, Kur Dorbar to Hima Dorbar.
When asked what he would do if he won, he said, “If I win, I will try to provide a variety of musical instruments and I will set up a small business that I can provide. “This talent that I have is not that I have but it is a talent that God the Creator has given me, Therefore, what I have I have to show to the world not to hide, because the word says if we bury in the ground even what we have will be taken away and I greet the birth of the world of this platform which has given me the opportunity to take an active part in such a program" he said.
He also expressed his gratitude to the SP City, Bah Steve Rynjah for fighting to curb the violence.
“This is a violation of Section 49m of the Conduct of Election Rules 1961, so I request the Officer-in-Charge of Mairang Police Station to take the necessary action,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, June 19: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued some instructions on what to do and what not to do during the storm, thunderstorm and white hail. so that the public knows how to avoid injury and any accidents by following certain guidelines.
Therefore, the KSU does not want the 30 or 35 lakh to be spent on non-natives but wants to reach the place where they have the right, that is, to the Khasi youth who are skilled and eager to play cricket.
Rahjingshai SC has earned seven points from four games and has one more match against Mawlai who have earned seven points in Group A.
The HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi has come out to speak on the issue of the road from Mawskeinthem to Warmawsaw on the grounds that many of the residents of the area have complained about the deterioration of the road from Mawskeinthem to Warmawsaw. It has not been completed until today which has caused difficulties in traveling and transportation.
The Exit Poll has shown that the NPP will get 18-24 seats, the Congress 6-12 seats, the BJP 4-8 seats, the UDP 8-12 seats, the TMC 5-8 seats and other parties. There are no constituencies.
Although the investigation is ongoing to find out the exact cause, the Government in a statement issued by the Sports Department through the Commissioner & Secretary, Dr. Vijay Kumar D, said that the heavy rainfall is one of the reasons. Tura and West Garo Hills districts have been experiencing heavy rainfall in these days.
In the Polo area, vehicles will not be allowed to enter from 4furlong, but will have to turn from the CS, Pinewood, BK Bajoria Junction.
After the meeting, the ngap brought from different districts was exhibited and sold to the public on this day.
In a meeting with the CS, Bah Witting Mawsor, he said that once the government has opened the door to the youth of East Khasi Hills, it has to do the same for the youth of West Khasi Hills. Khasi Hills, Witting said the CS has promised to extend their term which has expired.
Leningstar Rymbai President JSM said that this department was established because of the many requests for blood donation from many people in Khasi Jaintia.
Congress leader and Maharashtra minister Aslam Shaikh has announced on Twitter that he has tested positive for covid-1
A team of police from Phulbari Police Station rushed to the scene and managed to stop the incident.
The protesters warned that if the police do not allow the coal trucks to pass through the gate to transport the coal to Guwahati, they will kill them.
Many do not understand this.
Many Khasi chiefs, such as Bormanik (the chief of the Shillong Hima) joined Tirot Singh in the fight against the British East India Company.
We pray that He will continue to be with us and bless us especially to those refugees as well as to all those who have reached out,” said Bah RL Blah, General Secretary.
Prizes including Certificates and cash prizes of Rs.5000/-, Rs.3000/- and Rs.2000/- were also awarded to the winners of the competition. eassay and others.
The half year (6 months) is – 6 months x 30 days = 180 days.
And we also have hope that one day he will come back for us.
On behalf of Bataw Students Challenger FC, we are deeply saddened to see in the newspaper, that we support Star Cement to build a park in Brichyrnot.
The Village Authorities, the residents, the NGOs, the Sengbhalang and the Government should work together to develop a Drug Policy to curb the smuggling of drugs into the state. The illness of many young people who have become addicted to this alcohol because they have been involved in any evil habit is difficult to control its chains.
The DC of East Khasi Hills District, Sibhi Chakravarthy Sadhu, has imposed Section 144 CrPC in East Khasi Hills District.
He was in the S1 Coach where he was injured.
We hope that this committee will soon submit its recommendations to the government for consideration after receiving the recommendations from various groups.
The Tripura state government has also directed the magistrates in five districts to take action to prevent heat stroke which can lead to sunburn and sun stroke. which are diseases that are not recognized by the government.
And this Temple, God did not command to build.
He added that in relation to urgent needs such as illness, employees have to borrow money from the private sector because banks have lost confidence due to lack of salary.
He said that the border dispute is very serious because it started long ago and it did not happen yesterday and the government is very concerned about this.
They are the times when the dymbur tree blossoms, the rain is near.
The Dorbar Shnong has applied for the Sanad from the District Council but it has not been issued for four months and on 1st July 2019, the JHADC has recognized Bravester Phawa as the Acting Waheh Shnong. The villagers did not choose to appoint him to hold this position.
And now you have turned into a Naga.
It is sad to hear that many households have not yet received their houses under the PMAY scheme in Garo Hills and the payments for the beneficiaries have been delayed. I'm going to work.
Looking at the construction of the bridge, it was seen that the engineers have suggested to the contractor to dig and build a paia from around the corner of the old bridge which used to be used for traffic. The old bridge has collapsed and heavy vehicles have been closed to pass through this road which connects Mawkyrwat and Shillong.
Mount Marapi, 2,891 meters (9,484 feet) high in Sumatra, erupted on Sunday, causing flames to erupt. The mountain was about 3,000 meters above sea level on that day.
And there shall be no night there; and they shall have no candle, neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever.
The MP to the Rajya Sabha is elected by the MLAs of the State Legislative Assembly.
It was also filmed during questioning.
With these efforts to bring in the necessary equipment, we believe that our athletes will rise to the top and win many medals,” said Tura athlete AM Marak.
The incident happened at Wahumpatiah before reaching Kreit and Mawreng, Mawngap area.
Regarding the mining company in Lumshnong, we see that the mistake is that the companies have been allowed to make money and destroy the environment through their desire to accumulate wealth with the government. The State should not allow such a plan to go ahead and should understand that the mining company is lagging behind in terms of the health and welfare of the people of Lumshnong. and the example of the 19th should be a lesson that the State Government should think first of its own people before others.
The President of the union, K.Vana Chorei, said that they have sought permission from the district authorities for the programme, but they have been rejected and the district authorities have given reasons why they cannot. to hold the programme, due to the recent tensions between Assam and Mizoram.
RJ Nicky has received the support of many residents of Jowai especially the village leaders and the residents of Iawmusiang.
Shillong: The Central Government has urged the State Government to implement the Railway Project in Meghalaya.
The MPSC announcement said that the letter of notice will be issued accordingly.
He said that the party also feels that those involved in spreading false news should be punished.
According to the complaint, the head of Megha Goods Gargos, SK Rai, alleged that the company has not paid the transportation fee of T.23.92 lakh since April this year. year.
This has nothing to do with patriotism.
Police have taken the truck to Lum Shnong Police Station and suspected that it was carrying smuggled goods.
The HYC, JNC and CORP have also sent a memorandum to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma in this regard for immediate action.
(3) There are scientists who have not explained that the CORONA virus will go through 4 waves.
You don't have to apply for ILP. You don't have to worry about the ILP preventing tourists from entering Meghalaya.
The game was produced by Raju Dabhade in Pune, India in
Jowai, November 21: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui today laid the foundation stone for the cleaning of the Amlarem-Pdengshakap to Muktapur road and inaugurated the foundation stone of the road from Pdengshakap. -Trangblang and the internal road in Pdengshakap.
Prestone said that regarding the treatment of those infected with Covid1-9 in the villages, there has been a proposal from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. to set up 15 or 20 beds in each CHC and PHC across the state and the government has handed over this task to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to look after. and have been given 48 hours to complete their assessment in this regard.
Even four trucks of the Gorkha Rifles, coming from Silchar Masimpur, police trucks from Mizoram and other vehicles coming from abroad, were found without turning. When talking to the elders and members of the party, even those from abroad understand the problem in this regard. The National Highway is located in East Jaintia Hills District.
We seek position, honor so that others can impress us and this is wrong.
The health benefits and for the skin make this jhur one of the most delicious of all the vegetables.
The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has expressed its full support to the Environmental Coordination Committee (ECC) of Sutnga District on the demand for the closure of the Coke Factories or illegal coal mining factories in Sutnga District. East Jaintia Hills.
The Minister said that there are about 20,000 students who pass every year at the Graduate and Post Graduate levels and only about 1,200 of them get jobs.
When a person wants to talk about the working methods of the Government, now he doesn't want to turn to the work of the NPP party. He is also the MP of Meghalaya to the Rayja Sabha.
Samlin is a former Sohiong MLA who resigned as an HSPDP MLA and joined the NPP as its candidate in this election.
MAASA has scheduled to hold the paragliding competition at Rapleng in Mawkynrew Constituency, about 28km from Shillong from 7th to 10th November,
Dauruhipaia Pale scored in the 3rd, 45th and 87th minutes, Arnesius Marwein in the 5th and Kordor Dkhar in the 12th and 42nd minutes. Kynsaibor Lhuid scored the third goal in the 24th minute.
Protein is also known to be good for those who participate in running or any other physical activity because it helps to improve the health of the bones and muscles and it can also be help to heal the injuries quickly.
In the past five years, nine airports in the region have been upgraded.
If Hindutva continues to flourish, it will be very difficult for the Congress, which is a pro-minority pro-Christian party, to come to power in Central.
“Through this, I request you to bring in a scholarship worth T.10 crore per annum.
Therefore, the union has set a deadline for these factories to employ qualified employees and if these factories cannot employ qualified employees, the union will not hesitate to Take stronger measures even if it reaches the border to close down these factories.
However, later, he realized that he had been cheated by the man, who claimed to be an employee of the company.
After becoming more skilled, they can also assist doctors in ICUs. For those who complete this training, jobs are already available in well-known hospitals in Bangalore and other hospitals.
Whether in household or personal affairs, in trade or in any other field, we need to live a long life so that we do not die or be deceived and lose anything.
“This is the first time to hold a sports tournament in the State and this is to open the door for the athletes of the State to showcase their special skills.
The ECI has appointed 27 observers and about 500 other observers to observe and be present at the polling station at each table.
Rotarian Dr.Judita Syiemlieh, President 2018-19, Rotary Club of Orchid City Shillong.
The biggest part of the MotoGP is also part of the public demonstration of the growth of tourism in the country. They also had the opportunity to visit one of the oldest monuments and the country's pride in the presence of the Taj Mahal in Uttar Pradesh.
From today onwards, why don't we listen to our own ears and forget about the government, the leaders for our needs, or rely on the magic of the people? politics all five years; Why don't we try from today and if we stand firm on our feet, we will never die, because God is from above, he knoweth not how to save the children of men.
Replying to these questions, Adelbert said that until now there has been no discussion to form a group between the ethnic parties and he said that it is not useful to talk about the cooperation with the NDA. “When we can't work together, how can we trust other parties? We don't want to be under the control of anyone, but I still want to. There should be cooperation and trust between us, KHNAM, HSPDP and UDP,” said Adelbert Nongrum. He said that besides the ethnic parties, he wants the NPP to also take part in this cooperation.
Shillong: The Ministry of Education, Meghalaya, on Tuesday, 10th July 2024, has announced that those who have completed the MTET examination will become Assistant Teachers in schools. primary schools in Dadengre Sub-Division who belong to the list of other ethnic groups.
When asked where most of the shyiap have been sent, he said that they have been sent to Sohra, NEPA, NEHU, NEIGRHIMS and other places.
On the other hand, the ABVP has strongly opposed the appointment of teachers, as 33 teachers have been appointed from one ethnic group.
SL.Khongwang said that the influx of Bangladeshis across the border in thousands of tourists has caused concern among the tourists especially the residents of Umsyiem. ship in the Umngot River.
The final was postponed from 7th March due to weather conditions and had to be canceled immediately.
I am speaking here only for myself and not for other MLAs,” said the MLA who is the Vice President of AITC Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister will return to Shillong this month after his visit abroad last month.
Earlier, the Principal of the College, Dr. Eureka FP Lyngdoh and IQAC Coordinator, Bah Manbor S Warjri welcomed the suggestion.
Shillong, Nailur 15: U DP MLA from West Shillong, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday slammed the Congress MLAs in the state for going to Delhi in the evening. Speaking in the Legislative Assembly on the no confidence motion against the government of Dr Mukul Sangma today, He said it is unfortunate that the Congress MLAs who are in the state instead of deciding to visit the places in the state, have gone to Delhi until they don't have time to visit. has state.
He said that in 2013, 4137 people were found illegally entering the state, of which 169 were punished according to the law and 3698 were repatriated.
These incidents came to light after the KSU South West Khasi Hills District first visited the schools on 15th June 2022 and 21st June 2022 where the KSU heard the complaints. The teachers have ignored the problems especially the students and the residents because although there are many children studying in these government schools but the education department and the leaders have ignored them without turning a blind eye.
The age of these volunteers is between 18 to 35 years and the salary will be T.5,000 per month.
“The growth of villages and towns has been one of the reasons for India's development and this is through technology.
These organizations are handwritten lists or names.
In the Sub-Junior Cadet Boys (17kg) category, Fullshai Myrboh won the silver medal while Ebhameki Warjri won the silver medal.
Shillong: The Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club, Shillong will hold a running competition to mark the 75th Anniversary of the Club.
Mario Biam, General Secretary, Zinc Khihlang.
Morison Dhar died halfway while his family was about to take him to Shillong for treatment at Skhentalang village at 5:30 pm, while Katdilia Khonglah died at Ialong Civil Hospital. It was about 8:30 pm on Sunday.
He said, “We all want our children to be healthy, to grow up physically and to be good at their education.
Dr Donkupar Roy is the architect of the NPP-led MDA government in which the UDP is an important ally.
The social agreement was signed in New Delhi by officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government and the Government of Manipur as well as leaders of the United National Liberation Front.
The District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) of West Khasi Hills District invites and invites the people of West Khasi Hills District to come forward and take part in the program which will be held again in the coming months. to come so that the people of this area can benefit from the health and especially the young children.
You can get full assistance by phone at +9197741 24283 /+919863665161 or email Shillonglawcollege@yahoo.comThe awareness program has been a great success and many people have benefited from it. society and others who have a relationship with them.
We listen to our people, we want to do things making sure there’s a conversation.
On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma has already spoken about many schemes which the state government has sent to this department to build sports grounds and schools in different parts of the state. .
Eiladki scored two more goals in the 83rd and 85th minutes.
And the words are like this; You went to Damascus.
It has been witnessed that the people of Ri Khasi, who are strong in many ways, have temporarily disappeared because there is nothing left to lose.
He said this was done to alleviate the unemployment in the state which has increased with the passing of the days.
“She said that several countries have expressed their interest in recruiting nurses from Meghalaya, including Japan, the United Kingdom, the UAE, Germany and Australia.
However, the VPP MLA from North Shillong, said that the people know and judge who is misleading, while Bah Tynsong, said that he does not have time to explain in detail this part of the allocation of land to the the Harijans who live in the Mawlong area.
Two more people have died of COVID-19 in the past 24 hours.
“We want to inform the district authorities not to blame those three but to file a complaint against all the students because we students, we are not fighting for personal gain but we are fighting. for the future of our students tomorrow,” said the students.
She alleged that the MPDA charge against Bah Thabah was dropped from 20th November but he continued to be illegally detained until he was brought before a judge on 1st July.
The arrested were identified as Sengseng M. Sangma of Rari and James R. Marak of Williamnagar.
When asked whether there is a dispute between the two KHNAM MDCs for the EM seat, Adelbert said, “It may be from a distance, but we don't know exactly.” .
Regarding the protest in Shillong, it was held at Madan Malki.
The 'Kñia Pyrthat' ceremony was performed in the afternoon at Mookhai Hill by the Paswet, Pakynteiñ and Pasubon Sangots in the presence of the Dolloi, the Priest, the Langdoh and the Waheh Wasan.
This song or words from the Word of God, Psalm 137 refers to the time of the captivity of the Jews (Israel) to Babylon and around.
Donevan Kharwanlang, former MDC of Sohra and who contested the MLA election 2018, while expressing his support for Bah Gavin by leaving the Congress, said that The talk is to win Bah Gavin back in the 2023 MLA elections.
Nongstoiñ, July 6: The people of West Khasi Hills, especially in Rambrai, have demanded that the road should be constructed. The construction of this road has started quickly since the month of June. depth.
Earlier, the JAC had gathered at the Multi Used Convention Hall where the meeting of the Academic Council was scheduled to be held. VC. They turned to the hall to shout against the VC and especially against his illegal activities.
Secretary Shri Markster Langte 4.
Jason was named Man of the Match.
However, we hope that there will be those who will come forward from this house or from this area so that these areas will get many benefits. We as the UDP party will follow in the footsteps of Dr Donkupar Roy.
According to Bah Passah, the deadline for the appointment of Jugali will expire on the 2nd of next month and if they do not receive the appointment letter before this deadline, it will become a challenge because many have passed. age to find work again.
But for about three months now he had a gentleman to help him as a servant.
The opening hours of these shops are from 9 AM to 3 PM. 50 percent of the grocery, hardware and electrical shops will be open according to the directions of the Dorbar Shnongs and Market Committees. Those who violate the lockdown will be punished under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005, Epidemic Act, 1897, 188 IPC, Essential Commodities Act
The candidates for election as MLAs were announced on 2 October 2023 and once again the votes and election of MLAs were divided between various political parties and independent candidates.
He appealed to the parents to send their children to this school so that they can get that great education according to the present time because the children aged 3 to 6 years old their brains are still young. If we teach them evil, they will learn evil, and if we teach them good, they will learn good.
The mother advises her children to choose their friends and explains to them that there are cases when people are deceived by their friends. "It's been a long time," said the older son, "I said so that you would understand," said the mother in a sad voice. In the midst of this experience, this woman has the spirit of struggle to provide for herself and also to lead her family in the right direction so that whatever happens now will never happen again.
The election is also a struggle for the majority in the Legislative Assembly, whether it is the NPP, UDP, HSPDP and BJP or the Congress and TMC. The UDP has 11 MLAs, the HSPDP and the BJP have 2 MLAs each. The Congress and TMC, which are in the Opposition, have less than 5 MLAs. If the TMC wins this election, one of them will also take the post of Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly as six MLAs are required to take over the post of Leader of the Opposition.
On this occasion, 100 students who passed the SSLC, two students of Class XII (HSLC) and one student who got the 4th position in BSc (Mathematics) were honoured.
Irrone said she has worked with indigenous peoples around the world since 1982 and said that indigenous peoples have always had a good relationship with the im fellow human beings around the world.
On the 10th of this month, the Meghalaya government through Meghalayan Age Limited has filed a complaint against the AITC spokesperson on unfounded allegations regarding the implementation of Meghalaya Ecotourism schemes. Infrastructure Development Project (MEIDP).
We will send officers to examine the condition of the college whether it is suitable for the introduction of Science and Commerce subjects,” said Prof Laloo.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said, “We have installed an ear tag and there is a Control Room to monitor these pigs. beneficiaries.
Attempts to contact Bah Charles, President of TMC Meghalaya, could not be reached.
The match was played between Riatsamthiah SC and Mawklot SC at 6 pm.
“The joining of many leaders is because the NPP party has the will to work and not because they are going to offer money,” he said.
Uric acid is a chemical that is found in the blood.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : The National People's Party (NPP) has elected new leaders in Mylliem Constituency to prepare for the 2023 MLA elections.
After the programme, a discussion was held between the doctor and the students of St. Xavier's, Umoid, South West Khasi Hills. if you use kwai and tobacco.
Therefore, it would be better if this was revised.
The first semifinal will be played between Sutnga SSCC and Rymbai Shkenshynriah.
He also directed the President of the group to provide the documents as soon as possible so that he can release the money.
From the time the Israelites were taken captive to Babylon until the birth of Jesus Christ, there were 14 generations.
The new leaders of the alumni association of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning were elected at a meeting held at the Hall of the school. She is the former President of the Alumni Association of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning.
On the other hand, the union through its President, Bah John Fisher Nongsiang, demands that the DC should remove these people who have been appointed to these offices and should call for a new interview.
“The State Government has already identified the sites for the construction of 18 Entry and Exit Points and we expected the Government to take action by building the gate at Umling, Ribhoi District. “It is sad that this mynder check gate has turned into a Covid check gate and now it has turned into a house,” he added.
He gave a speech on the topic of the day especially on the origin of Yoga.
“Ianga, we have reached a point where we can't do anything else”.
He also urged the villages and the police to work together for the safety of the people across Meghalaya.
They said that the lack of water and electricity has caused them a lot of trouble, as they find it difficult to work at night and especially on the lack of water, it has affected them even in terms of treat patients, who come for treatment at the facility.
How many months will you be able to live? Without a doubt, these two (Modi and Conrad) will stop living.
The answer here is that no one dares to kill his own mother or father, because we love and respect those who have cared for us and fed us since childhood. and until he was old enough.
Samuel Khongjam.
According to police investigation, the drugs were smuggled from Manipur from Myanmar.
On the other hand, the union is ready to work together with the office, for the good of the village and the area as a whole.
Today, Sohra received only 0.2 mm of rainfall and Shillong received 71.0 mm of rainfall.
Shillong: Due to the hard work and hard work of the journalists, especially at these times when the state is in the midst of the fight against Covid-19 to provide news to the people of the state, On 22nd July 2021, the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum demanded that the State Government should issue a letter to inform the public that the Government has also recognized the journalists. of this state as frontline warriors.
If you look at all these issues, they are just big promises of the government through the policies, but when you look at the facts they have not been done for the people of this area. northeast of the country.
She said that the blood donation rate in the state is very low at 18% compared to 100% of the national average.
If there are men thied ri in our country, I know for sure that there are many young children who are also men thied ri.
Two women, Nimai Rabha and Jayanta Chetri, residents of 8th Mile, Khanapara, Ri-bhoi, on Saturday, were arrested by members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on charges of you know.
Explaining that India has sent relief supplies to the affected areas, Singh said 10 NDRF personnel have been sent to Kathmandu while another 6 personnel are on their way. engineers and 18 medical teams to treat the injured.
Ardent said that in the last two months alone, the VPP has won four MLAs, but due to their inability to raise the necessary issues in the last budget session, and the Their adoption of the Reservation Policy and Roster System has received increasing support from the people from all over the country.
This time, the theme of the tournament is “In the New to Build the Future”.
US authorities in Haiti on Tuesday urged people in the Caribbean to evacuate their homes before a major disaster strikes.
On these issues, the Union has taken a resolution to inform the government in the next few days, that the government should not stingy on the issue of traffic jam as mentioned above but should create the necessary measures. to overcome all these things.
However, information received on Saturday said that the police have released Raj Kumar and the family members have withdrawn the complaint against him.
The KSU has informed that the ceremony will be held on 22/12/2
Furthermore, there was an incident that in those 1973 and 1974, a new Autonomous District was created by the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. Notification No.TAD/R/50/64 dated the 23rd November 1964 published in the Assam Gazette, Extraordinary, No.61, Monday November 23rd, 1964, Tuesday, November 24 1964.
He gave salvation to the Gentiles and to the Jews (Israel).
The order said that this will reduce the fear and anxiety of the people, especially during this time of covid.
At the same time, the NPP Youth Wing Mawlai congratulates all the students who have worked hard by passing the SSLC and HSSLC examinations of MBOSE. students to send their names, phone numbers and marksheets.
Instead of this meaningful word which is accompanied by a blessing to those whom we want to talk to or those whom we meet once, the word 'nongwei' and many others have been replaced.
Mephedrone alone was seized worth T.15.93 crore, while others included bottles of drugs, LSD, hydroponic weed, chara and heroin, the police chief said.
The DC said that if you have any questions or concerns, please call 1000, 2222277 (Police Control), 2223451 (Sadar Traffic Police). .
On 15th June 2023, four political parties (HNYF, KSU, FKJGP and Maitshaphrang) held a meeting with several Kur leaders to discuss the need to introduce amendments to the Meghalaya Constitution. The Succession to Self Acquired Property (Khasi) Act 1986 and these matters were discussed.
Shortly after, three of the occupants of the vehicle, Shaimanile Marboh, 34, Tebor Rymbi, 35 and Probert Louies Syiemiong, 33, rushed into the gate and threatened to kill them. They shot dead the policemen guarding the gate, knieh also robbed the suloi of the policemen and after the policemen called for people, they were arrested.
According to the President of the KSU, in the first phase, the government has already received land for the construction of foreigners' shelters in Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi, Ratacherra, East Jaintia Hills and Rani, West. Khasi Hills.
However, the government has now set the salaries and grants of teachers from November to November
As soon as this month came out, children from all over the household were heard reading in the yard or in the yard.
Shillong, March 10 : Twenty-seven Meghalayans including Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi will arrive in the state in the coming days, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar. -two.
*Strong relationships at home:- Children who walk with their parents at all times become the leaders of the family, see the shortcomings and fill the shortcomings.
On the other hand, it can be said that in this age, people have become more enlightened than in the past, especially in terms of education. Talking about the cleanliness of the morning, we find many changes in the villages and also when it comes to the cleanliness even in the homes or in the dress code of our people.
The law of man is also related – if the Lower Court conflicts with the laws of the Upper Court, the Lower Court dies.
He said the High Court has quashed this order and issued a notice to all the states in the country, including Meghalaya, reminding the states that the permissible limit ( permissible limit) to long 50 per cent.
“Many meetings since 1972 about 32 of the prime ministers have been held in the past in the past 50 years, from the ranks of prime minister, chief secretary and others,” he said.
Watali, who was an illegal money manager, managed the money from many places and sent it to the Hurriyat leaders so that he could to intensify the activities of the insurgents in Jammu & Kashmir.
He said that Ampati has got a stadium equal to the world but many stadiums and sports grounds around the state have remained empty without being completed and this shows that the government has not done anything. in your room.
He said that in Narpuh, the government has already given permission for 1.5 kilometers of Narpuh Reserve Forest while in West Khasi Hills, it is up to 10 kilometers.
In the afternoon, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, has called for a meeting with the leaders of the KSU, Laban Circle to explain that the Maxwelton Estate is still in the midst of litigation. shall not take any action that may disturb the peace and order.
The public hearing in the two constituencies of South West Khasi Hills – Mawkyrwat and Langrin will be held at the District Council Office in Mawkyrwat on the 21st of November.
When asked about the deteriorating electricity supply in the state, the Minister said that this is not only in Meghalaya, but also in other states of the country. Meghalaya is now in existence.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The BJP East Khasi Hills District has slammed the Meghalaya government for trying to hide all the schemes of the Indian government for the benefit of the poor and the villagers. BJP EKHD President Babul Suting said that one of the schemes that the state government has hidden is the Ujala Scheme.
The states with the lowest laws include Meghalaya, Manipur and Tripura.
Reject unprofitable things and focus on upbuilding activities.
However, as it is in the Jaintia Hills election field, the struggle for more seats is between the NPP and the UDP.
In the men's category, only Springfield Snaitang Class X came eighth out of 20 category.
Speech was also delivered by the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri.
“I am surprised to hear from the Prime Minister that the police are poorly equipped compared to the insurgents.
Why should you punish others?"
“My name is HS, which means High Speed.
Through this group, a traditional dance was also held at Umtyrnga border village, which was also part of the campaign to educate the people on the importance of cleanliness as citizens of the country. they shall be clean in the city and in the town.
Kynsaibor Lhuid scored all the two goals for the team.
Many times they have been ordered to leave,” said Fr.Roland.
However, it is learned that there may also be some MLAs and MDCs who will join the new party.
At present, the CEM said that Mukroh is one of the villages which has completely completed the boundary verification and there are also villages under the Council which are still the land of Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, Naitung 25: As part of the 'Azadi Ka Amrit Mohotsav' to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of India's Constitution, The Ministry of Electricity, NEEPCO and the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District today celebrated the 'Ujjwal Bharat, Ujjwal Bharvishya' of the Government of India to continue to strengthen the domestic power generation sector.
In addition, the number of schools receiving government assistance has increased.
Since these years we have understood that this law of the state government is not in place and we have sent many letters to the government but they have not responded at all. leaders and additional MLAs, Kong Angela.
There is still time for the department to wake up.
HSPDP office bearers from Sohiong, Nongstoin and other areas were welcomed by the President of the party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit in the presence of MLA Mawlai, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang. The General Secretary, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, the Vice President, Dr. Kara Chen and others.
On the other hand, the village has summoned all those who have been arrested and has decided to give a strong warning, because by releasing one or another, it will encourage others to do such things. types of work.
Putin said this clearly marked the beginning of Russia's victory in the war.
The village leader said that the claim that there is no land for the construction of the washing ghat, made by the village leaders, is groundless. Because the project has been allocated for the residents of the village, but the implementation of the project has been done slowly for the benefit of the village Rud Iew. officers of the airport to conduct a thorough investigation into the implementation of this CSR project by the airport authorities.
Dr War said that when the authorities declare a containment zone in any village, it is because they can curb the spread of Covid-1
:The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah G Kharmawphlang IAS, has enforced Section 144CrPC which prohibits and prohibits against persons or groups of persons from catching and fishing using drugs. They are not located within the District.
The question is, why and what is the reason why we can't create jobs for the youth of the country? Traditional Courses do not have the requirements for various jobs and the needs of those who are not employed or those who are invited to work.
Their souls are like the souls of animals. Their minds have been filled with evil spirits until even to take the life of a human being by killing their enemies they don't feel anything anymore.
He said he does not question the appearance of the Prime Minister and many people, but he wants to make it public because it is a sign that people with bad marks will take advantage.
Now he doesn't have a house to live in and he has to work every day to get his own place to stay.
Shillong: The Business Advisory Committee of the State Legislative Assembly (SJA) has shortened the term of the Lok Sabha elections.
The Minister of the department has blamed the hoarders for the increase in the price of piat.
The Chief Justice of India, DY Chandrachud, has said that the suspension of banks should be done immediately in connection with the electoral bond scheme.
There has been a difference of opinion between the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai and the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) on how many days the garbage is collected from the villages.
The Bangladesh government has decided to restrict the entry of cattle from India ahead of Eid-ul-Azha to allow cattle in the country to trade. in this prayer.
On the other hand, the relatives of the family said that they are waiting for the confirmation of the Israeli authorities to confirm whether the news is true or not. Hamas has called on Israel to stop the fighting so that it does not harm the people who have been abducted and are still inside Gaza.
Ribhoi District has also recorded 31 cases today, including 18 civilians and East Garo Hills has recorded 15 cases. West Garo Hills has 12 new cases today.
According to information, the attempt to remove Bah Teinwel was allegedly made by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who is the current Chairman of the Council.
If these parties and MLAs are determined to oppose and strengthen their position to oppose this burning issue, the NPP will be left alone without its fundraising. Think farther about sustainable development and who knows if this too could be an issue that could lead to the collapse of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP. .Ka Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act.
Wangala is one of the Garo festivals related to the harvest season in honor of MiSaljong, the Sunday.
During the years 1969-70 during the rule of the Government of Assam, there were only three government offices (1) the BDO Office (2) the PWD Office (3) the PHC of the Health Department. I remember the first EAC was Bah Pyngrope, his office is near the IB PWD Upper New. Nongstoin Police Station, at that time there were only four persons (1) Late Mr Niandar Syiem, Chief of Nongstoin Hima.
Therefore, the Protestant Church groups did not accept and rejected this colorful leadership of the Government Church.
“My soul, go forth, To the mountains that remain;
He said that the first complaint was lodged in 2007 by Victoria Rymmai but now the owner of the land has lodged another complaint with the KSU and there are others. The owners of the land have been affected but only the woman has lodged a complaint.
The union said that the people living in Manipur are Manipuri and Meitei, while the mountainous part of Manipur is inhabited by ethnic groups including Kuki and Zo. However, the fighting between the two groups, which began on June 3, 2023 in Manipur, has claimed more than 70 lives and injured hundreds of others according to media reports.
The compensation will be handed over to the High Court before being paid to the families of the victims.
“I would like to inform you that the RSS came to the North East in 1946 and we are still in Assam.
Even today, the BJP has not been able to cleanse itself from such allegations.
The PIL 2015 of the opponents of the District Council, which is pending in the High Court, has died a natural death as the cases have not been taken seriously.
Lydia said, “Why did you come here? You didn't come here to take me.
“The BJP has not brought peace to the people, we are sad to see that churches in Meghalaya are being attacked, once politics enters religion there will be no peace,” she said.
The seminar was attended by various government departments including CSE, Association of Renewable Energy Agencies of States (AREAS), IIT Guwahati and North East Center for Technology Application and Reach. (NECTAR).
NPP Spokesperson Bajop Pyngrope said, “We will ensure that we protect Meghalaya from the illegal entry of mynder, to protect Meghalaya from Bangladeshis who will introduce AITC in Meghalaya”.
These food items were distributed under the leadership of Paila Kordor Lyngkot, President RJTA and Ombormi L Tariang President JYF. There have been 231 new cases of COVID-19 in the state, 8 deaths, bringing the death toll to 1269 in the state on Saturday.
You can set up camp as well, it won't matter.
However, they should be ready to contest for higher posts in the party congress,” he said.
They demanded that the government should find a complete place to dispose of garbage in Jowai within three months.
IAS officer Ranu Sahu, Congress MLAs Devender Yadav and Chandradev Prasad Rai and others, including RP Singh, Vinod Tiwari and Ram Gopal Agarwal, were named in the complaint along with Suryakant Tiwari.
“It is for this reason that the Council has decided to set up a permanent Traditional and Cultural Center so that it will be a source of employment for the indigenous people,” he said.
The National Register of Citizens (INPT) in Tripura on Saturday demanded the immediate implementation of the NRC in Tripura. the State.
The departments were led by officers S Bathew, D Bathew, CF Syiemlieh, HB Kurbah, W Tariang, WA Giri, GS Maring, J Darningstone Lyngdoh, K Basaiawmoit and others.
Perhaps, it is not wrong to say that women often cannot keep quiet but what they know they cannot help but share with others.
Noting that the agreement with the ASHAs from the first day has been clear that it is only a voluntary work, she said that there has been no promise to pay salary or promise beyond that if the ASHAs. work.
Comprehensive Agricultural Policy for the Promotion, Development and Protection of Farmers, and Indigenous Farming Systems including livestock farmers and those who earn a living from forests (Comprehensive Agricultural – Biodiversity Policy) .
“I have met with the residents whose names have been included in the MLA scheme list and I am surprised that many of them have not received this scheme,” he said.
It is in such incidents that candidates have the opportunity to meet people or identify themselves as candidates.
The DEPA of India empowers people to access their own data and allows them to share this information with others.
The Supreme Court has heard more than 200 petitions challenging the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act in the country.
Shillong, November 31: FKJGP Mawlai Circle, KSU Mawlai Circle, Nongkwar, Iewryng Hep, Phudmuri, Mawdatbaki, Um Thlong and Nongdeng Maw Syllaikariah, Mawlai Motsyiar Youth Association, Mawlai Youth Association Kyntonmassar and others invite the residents of Mawlai Pyllun to attend the public meeting to be held on the 4th of July at Mawlai. The meeting will be held at Nongkwar Basic School and on the 5th of July at Mawdatbaki Stand IGP at 6:00 pm.
On the other hand, this reporter also had the opportunity to talk to some of the households in the area who have suffered from this disaster and in the conversation it was understood that the reason for the cut and destruction of the These households have been unable to pay their electricity bills due to excessive consumption of electricity bills by MeECL. We have been able to pay the electricity bill that we have used too much, but what we don't understand and what has confused us the villagers is the monthly electricity bill which we have been ordered to pay. “It's been two years since we've been in darkness for more than two years,” said another man who was involved in the same accident.
All these parties have criticized each other especially on religious grounds.
“It is a matter that we have to give time and there are also matters that we cannot disclose.
In a statement, the KSU leader also criticized the government, for in the midst of this time of Covid-19, but the central government has brought and stirred up the minds of the people. through the draft Environment Impact Assessment 2020, the National Education Policy and has tried to steal its desire to speed up the construction of the railway line, which is a sign of trying to stop the to cover through the Covid-19 rules, so that the people cannot escape.
The Chief Ministers reminded the Chief Minister that during the NDA Government, the NCRWC Commission, tried to reconcile the IOA & AA by offering the Syiems, Dolloi and Nokma 5 MDC seats. However, the Dorbar of Chief Executive Members (IOA & AA) has expressed that according to the IOA & AA, they should have their own Federal or Regional Council, separately and impartially for the leaders of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo District Councils. the Village Council, the Raid Council and the Hima Council.
The Upper Terminal Point (UTP) is proposed to be built on a village site of about 2025 sqm. parking lot.
This crematorium has many wonderful features such as Maw bynna which are like Mawjymbuin with the appearance of water, the stones that are stem, beautiful, the stone that resembles the bilor biar, the stone sleeping like a pig and other wonderful images.
Rules and regulations for Fair Price Shops and the distribution of ration to be followed by FPSs: The opening hours of ration shops are from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm daily.
She went to work in Delhi and left her husband and child in Garo Hills.
“New approaches to education have been implemented for the purpose of meeting the needs of the youth.
Others who attended the meeting were Deputy Commissioner of WJHD BS Sohliya, SP CS Syrti, government officials, President of Seiñraij OR Shallam, General Secretary AM Sumer and others.
However, there is hope that the government has started to improve the way of honoring those who win medals and encourage the athletes to play better.
Before the public meeting, there was also a march of motorcycles and vehicles from the headquarters of the party to Madan Saitsnad, Mawlangwir.
“The HNLC stands firm on the basis of achieving lasting peace and political stability.
In the afternoon, the students took part in sports and cultural exhibition in the evening.
Speaking to media, Bah Evanfield Khonglam Information Secretary of the union said that the lack of network in the past two months to the Pynursla area has caused the residents of this area to There is a problem especially in relation to banks because they also use the same fiber to bring mobile network to the area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Jermon Sayoo, President of the UDP Mowkaiaw Circle of 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency, has resigned from his post along with more than 1,500 supporters of the UDP.
He said that eye care for those who have stem Ration Card and those who have to wear masks can be free and those who do not have Ration Card have been given 30%. 20% for medicines and there were also households who could not afford to buy medicines.
He said that through the government's recognition of synsar as an agro-forestry crop, it will increase the income of farmers across the state including Khasi Hills, Jaintia and Garo Hills.
So in times of poverty, she has been able to survive only through this small shop.
In addition, they have also received special training after completing the MCS degree before serving as Officers in Charge in various Departments.
After winning two consecutive games, Synroplang finished the season with 6 points, while Iasnohktilang finished the season with 4 points.
In fact, it should be called 'u wieh bamkot'
Shillong, July 3: The students of NEHUSU have demanded that the central government should implement the Sexual Harassment Act 2013, which will punish those who rape women.
Officials and players from outside Shillong will have to arrive from 4th March.
Mawpait Tlongpleng, July 09: The Mawpait Sports & Cultural Club on the 8th July 2024 held a New Year Celebration with the children of the village with various games such as RUN FOR FUN, PENALTY These games were divided into houses such as Sngap Sing Syiem House, Tirot Sing Syiem Hliuffe HOUSE and KIANG NANGBAH HOUSE. All these games have delighted and entertained the children.
A bench of Chief Justice DY Chandrachud and Justice PS Narasimha has examined the petition of Senior Advocate Mukul Rohatgi, who represented the state government, in which the request It was necessary to check as soon as possible as the march was scheduled to start on the 5th of October.
One of the types of treatment is to take a part of the body or tissue to use in the treatment of this part of the disease.
The statement said that the KSU, HANM and HNPF have already staged protests such as curfew and night road blockade to demand the government to improve and repair the road. The government has not listened to anything and has only promised to the Sengbhalang.
In the second leg, Chutwakhu beat West Madan Mustem 1-0 with an own goal from Rilangki Lyngdoh in the 67th minute.
