Both the teams fought hard to score and it was in the 51st minute that MLP managed to turn the match into a draw through Everstarly Rynjah in the 51st minute which came in the form of a penalty. .
Fr Sylvester Synrem, Zone V Youth Leader, Fr Suresh, Parish Priest, Fr Anthony M Joseph, Assistant Parish Priest, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Sordar Jongksha and others were present on the occasion. even.
She also suggested to the NEHU authorities to extend and extend the dates for the payment of Semester and Examination fees of the students as well as to forgive the Semester and Examination fees if there are students from other countries. poor families and facing difficulties in paying their tuition fees.
Shillong: On behalf of Bah L.Lyngdoh Genl.
He said that Soso Tham through his writings, has already warned the society of many dangers especially in relation to the infiltration of mynder and various policies of the government and now the It is up to each and every one of us to follow in his footsteps to protect the future of the Jaidbynriew.
You don't have to talk to your friend.
The reserve of uranium in Meghalaya is about 23263 tonnes.
Shillong, November 22: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, today promised to the beef vendors that he will take up the issue with the Cabinet to discuss the wishes of the beef vendors. This was announced by Generous Warlarpih while talking to this reporter after they met with HDR Lyngdoh at his office at the Secretariat.
Let us make the Bible speak and give hope to the people, especially the poor.
We demand that the district council should immediately cancel the NOCs of these coal mining factories to protect the environment.
Up to 25 children from different states of India have been selected to participate in the camp.
“We must be wise to elect leaders, they must be able to give the rightful share of the people, who advocate and raise the issues faced by the people,” he said. said Kong Teilinia.
Shillong, July 22: Heavy fighting broke out between police and members of the GNLA during a raid on the headquarters of the GNLA in North Garo Hills is also the home of Piliport.
You cannot appeal to the High Court if you wish.
They strengthen the cells.
The Catheterization Laboratory was inaugurated by the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta with the support of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
The Minister also presented the Certificate of Appreciation and Water and Sanitation Award to Kama Galwanggre and Babadam and the Top Performing PHC Award to Darengre PHC. Implementation of MHIS and AB-PMJAY in the district.
The EEs, SDOs and Junior Engineers know exactly why this happened, while the estimates and measurements are complete.
Each person is a member of the Temple of God.
However, the government's permission to Star Cement to develop this land at Brishyrnot shows that this government is cheating the people of the state and the Narpuh area as a whole because this land is a special place to build a park. protect the environment and the environment from human destruction.
The Federation invites all football fans to come and witness these matches with their own eyes.
“All MLAs are requested to take action on these issues raised by the SEC and to ensure that they implement the decision as it is for the benefit of the people and the Statewide.
In a statement, Bah GK Raswai said that HANM fully supports the curfew in the state and urged the people to cooperate.
The union has done this as part of its strong condemnation to the Assam government and the police for shooting dead four Khasi in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills District, yesterday.
The old man, after he had caught these children, went to his house.
“On the part of the Seng, I would like to thank the people who have given their support to the arrest of Bah Ardent in Shillong,” said the Mawlai MLA.
To protect themselves from the destructive forces of nature such as wind, rain and wild animals, they have to fight according to their knowledge.
What happened to those false leaders and idolaters, during the battle on Mount Carmel, God through Elijah killed all the false leaders, but God forgave the followers because they you have changed your mind.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The KJP Assembly has refused to grant space to Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, CEM KHADC to hold a meeting on the 19th of this month at Madan Student. also in writing in response to his request for permission to hold a meeting at that place.
The growth, hope and happiness of each and every citizen comes first.
In addition, the East India Company was also to be responsible and supportive of the activities of the Church or mission, especially for the benefit of the French living and working in India.
In the final match, Lamin XI beat Club always be ready 1-0 and the match between the two teams was very exciting for the audience. witnessed this final along with other neighboring villages.
“How can I sit on the ruling side when I have been suspended, when I am not a Congress MLA?
Of these 115 cases, 71 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 4 cases from Armed Forces and 78 cases from civilians. There are 31 cases in South West Garo Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in North Garo Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills.
Passing through this road, it was found that the contractor has not completed the cleaning of the road for about two kilometers.
He said that the kilo cut of agricultural products is one of the problems.
He said he would discuss the matter further with the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and would also take the matter back to the Legislative Assembly.
The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) also vowed to remove the signboard of NIOS within two months if the resolution is not resolved.
Ms. Marbiangdor Mawlong (SMS-Plant Pathology) teaches along with posters how to produce medicines and plant protection measures from pests and diseases.
According to Bah Swer, the main issues of the public hearing include the survey. After this, there will be a discussion to raise awareness among the people and residents who may be affected by the project. take place.
Fish related activities – T 500 croreFish agriculture is a source of income for people in rural areas;Improvement in yield and quality of crops through pollination;• Ai ngab and other products of the ngab trees.
The program was attended by Ayush Secretary Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha; Vice Chancellor of Northeast Hill University (NEHU), Prof PS Shukla; Joint Secretary, Tnat Ayush, BK Singh; Director, NEIAH, Prof Neeta Maheskar.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, November 21 : U MLA of Mawsynram constituency, Bah HM Shangpliang, who has recently resigned and joined the BJP, on Tuesday said that the tyrpad and synsar leaves from Mawsynram are exported well abroad especially. to the Arab countries, Qatar and Oman.
Shillong, November 29: Farmers who protested against the inauguration of the Umtru Hydel Project at Dehal by the Chief Minister on the 3rd of July have been summoned by the Byrnihat Police Station. they went to close the control.
Earlier, Spider-Man: No Way Home was also a highly successful film that brought fame and glory to Hollywood.
This brother of the prodigal son was a man whom everyone praised because he was the son of his father, obedient, walked straight and did not run away from home like his brother the prodigal son.
In the confirmation ceremony of the office bearers of Nongpoh Circle, Samla Roykupar Synrem urged the newly appointed leaders to take and do their job as assigned to them and not to take advantage in the name of the party. earn money as you have been able to answer.
Everyone should have Aadhaar and link it to an EPF Account to facilitate the deposit into the Universal Account Number (UAN).
Furthermore, the union alleged that such incidents happen from time to time in Madan Umwang, Amjong and other villages in the border areas. in Mawhati Constituency, where all these things happened only due to the stingy counting of the state government and the lack of attention of the District Administration of Ri Bhoi.
Atul Bora, President of the AGP, said: “We have tried hard to talk to the Indian government not to pass the bill, but Singh said the bill will not be passed. “I will go to the Lok Sabha tomorrow and therefore there is no point in working with the party,” said Bora.
Mondal said the construction of the dam will take about 3 to 4 months to complete.
Greed is not a sign of holiness and is the opposite of godliness.
“I have spoken to Deborah Marak and Nihim and they have told me that they have not been cut,” said Witting Mawsor.
The Waheh Shnong of Mupyut, Ma Chanky Kyndait, said that the Mupyut Dorbar Shnong has opposed the dumping of garbage in Mynkjai because they are against the injustice of the JHADC and JMB to the village. sop sop without the knowledge of the village.
The Commission has also directed the Deputy Superintendent of Prisons to submit a report on the status of the cases against each prisoner so that the Commission can take action with them. legal authorities for the speedy disposal of their cases.
What is needed now is how to talk to get back the 18 sq km of land lost in the first boundary settlement and not to talk about voting here,” said the party.
Furthermore, he expressed his happiness to bring the traditional Khasi music abroad, 'I have always wanted to perform the traditional Khasi music at the world competitions, as I have always taken the initiative to understand. well about the Khasi surs'
Only post offices and banks will be closed on this day.
The Nongstoiñ-Maweit road is known throughout the State, even those who have never visited or don't need it want to know, because it is the oldest road (1963-1964 by the Assam Government). Nongstoiñ is located in this area and has a lot of natural resources.
He said the NDA and its allies are united in the Lok Sabha elections because they all believe that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, India will become a developed country. progress in the world economy.
The price of atta will be 5 kilos per card in urban areas and 3 kilos per card in rural areas at the price of T.10.50 per kilo.
Many of these villages in Block-1 which has 36 Khasi Pnar villages have demanded that the Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang District should be re-transferred to Meghalaya.
Khimusniang won by six wickets in their last match against Hills United CC on Friday.
First, it will destroy the household, second, it will destroy the family, and finally, the nation as a whole.
The Minister also inspected the Laitryngew PHC, which promised to provide the necessary facilities to serve the rural people.
In the technical category, Bah Aiborlang Wanswett, Senior Director (IT) & Scientist F, National Informatics Centre, Meghalaya, Shillong, presented the paper 'Digital Technologies for Sustainable Development.
Supporting the question, the MDC of Mawkynrew also asked about the size of the land and the MDC of Sohra wanted to know whether the land requested from the Government should be paid or not, how much money has been allocated for the land. you project.
At the same time it is also a prayer for protection, guidance and happiness.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has imposed Section 144 CrPC prohibiting vehicles carrying more than 15 metric tonnes from passing through the Damsite (Umiam) Bridge until the repairs are completed. the parts of the girder beam and deck slab that strengthen the bridge.
In the Indigenous Instrumental category, Sohkha Government Higher Secondary School came first, KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School came second and Thadlaboh Presbyterian High School, Jowai came third.
Shillong: The Unitarian Church today concluded its 125th Anniversary Celebration at Iingmane in Laban, Shillong.
The journalists asked, not because they are against the two wheelers, but because there are two wheelers who cause danger to the people who walk along the road because these two wheelers drive straight whether they are on the right or on the left. They enter the road and don't hesitate even if there is a lot of traffic on the road.
The amount released will be deposited into the account of the SSA in the state by 27th November.
Muralidharan said the election of the government to rule for five years does not mean that the people will give up or be deprived of their rights but it is the government that will strengthen the rights of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The UDP Shillong City, on Tuesday, said that the Minister of District Council, to use EVMs, has prompted the UDP Shillong City to think carefully about the use of these machines in the MLA elections. just finished.
These trainings are very important for everyone so that they can help themselves and others from any injury.
They will not be recognized in the Lok Sabha if they win, but only the major political parties can join hands to bring a strong force to oppose any proposal on these issues. so as not to affect human dignity and human dignity.
As a sign of respect for that invitation, we and the friend who led us followed him behind and sat down immediately.
Helmets were also distributed to the drivers of bike taxis.
On the other hand, the Congress MPs have alleged that this is a scheme by the BJP government. Through this Act, it is understood that the RGIIM Shillong will be known as RGIIM Shillong. by II Shillong, where others will be added, where they will be named in the places where they are.
“This is the victory of all those who sell in the market,” said Kong Angela while speaking at the meeting after the cake was distributed by the women who used to sell in the market.
Earlier, FKJGP General Secretary Eldie Lyngdoh was summoned by the Sadar Police Station and charged under seven counts of illegal possession of illegal drugs.
At the same time, AdtU's commitment to talent development and its ability to place graduates in the field of employment has earned the university this is the prize.
This is the day that Christians believe is the day when Jesus Christ died on the Cross on Mount Calvary, about two thousand years ago.
“No one has worked, no one has come out and it is impossible for the stone to fall from there,” he said.
The district authorities of East Jaintia Hills and the Forest Department are also investigating the illegal quarrying in the area.
Shillong, June 30: A timber factory, a tea shop, a house and several parts behind the Rynjah Dispensary were destroyed by a fire at about 12:45 pm.
For more information on this scheme, please visit the office of One Stop Center at GAD Quarter, Mairang.
However, this was not the end of this mission which was launched to take up another task which is to ensure cleanliness in the villages of the country and to eliminate the open defecation which the call the ODF Plus.
Just as Hosea loved Gomer without judging her character or what she had done in life, so Hosea reflects God's love for mankind.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) on Friday sought clarification from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the Bill passed regarding the registration of land. people living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Malngiang, who works in the office of the Director General of Police (DGP), Meghalaya, has suffered severe difficulties in walking and standing. it got worse.
The party has not forgotten what happened at that time and therefore, it fears that this time too, the people of the country will be angry and elect other parties.
He said that the club's action of providing free eye care to the people has also caused criticism that the club's action is due to the desire of the club to improve.
When they looked at him, they saw that he was looking to the right and to the left, for he was walking in the middle.
A public survey conducted by the House of Representatives has determined the best candidates for the posts of leaders in the Lok Sabha in New Delhi according to the political situation in the state.
Shillong: Meghalaya have become the winners of the All India Football Federation (AIFF) Sub-Junior National Football Championship.
The incident happened at a place in Khanduli area, near the place where the KSU was holding a meeting. These children were looking for about 20 cows.
About 30 women from Thadlaskein and Laskein Block participated in this training programme.
Shillong, November 25: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday expelled about 10 employees of Atomic Energy and employees of the Uranium Corporation of India Limited who came to explore uranium in the Phlangdiloiñ and Langpa areas.
The company has hidden the report.
He was sent to Tome Memorial Secondary School, Mooralong Jowai from Class A to Class X. From an early age he had a desire to become a Lyngdohniam. to try the Salvatorian Church.
Ummulong Cricket Club beat Moodymmai Cricket Club by 44 runs in the District Cricket League 2024 played by West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association at Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium.
He urged the trainees to turn their education into a career, promote self-employment.
Now when God cast Lucifer out of heaven and became the devil and Satan, the first thing Satan did was to fall into the Garden of Eden, the Garden of Righteousness and Peace. .
He said that when the members of the SDDF came to meet him, he told them that as a leader he is in a different position because the Sohra constituency is divided into three constituencies. Administrative authorities – some under Sohra Civil Sub-Division, some under Pynursla Civil Sub-Division and one under East Khasi District.
The tournament will be held on the 30th of this month by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Sports Department of the State Government.
According to these laws, it is prohibited for immigrants to enter India without proper documents or passports and also for those who stay beyond the stipulated time. foreigners who violate these provisions of the law.
The election was attended by the Dalloi of Raliang Elaka, Chawas Lyngdoh, who also announced that Nangaibormi has been elected as the full Waheh Shnong of Umdeiñlien, Iooksi B.
The order was issued after it was found that the condition of the river and the flowing water has become polluted from day to day.
The report, which has been sent to the Ministers of Water Resources of the State Government, shows that these states, receive drinking water through the water supply from the wells, which is only 10 percent of the households. .
The project will be implemented by the state in collaboration with the CSB. Mamit is one of the aspirational districts which has been recognized by the NITI Aayog in all aspects of development since in the year 2018-1
Chui Pohlynjiar, Dolloi Nongtalang District, Jaintia Hills, Bah Holando Lamin, Member & Former Secretary, Nongtalang District, Jaintia Hills, Mr.SG Momin, President, Council of Nokmas, Mr. Charles Momin Gen Secretary, Council of Nokmas Mr.L.K Marak Executive Member Council of Nokmas and Mr.Joshua Sangma, Complaint Secretary & Executive Member, Council of Nokmas, Tura Garo Hills.
There is no denying the wealth of society today and it is because of the excessive income that people these days don't have time but everyone is busy earning.
When people get excited, addicted and can’t stop, they start selling at a high price.
During the meeting, the Minister said that he had visited the construction of the four-lane road from Guwahati to Jorabat and from Jorabat to Shillong. The 621 km road has been completed by 80 percent.
He said that all the donations to the Garo Hills who have been affected by the floods will be appreciated. saved many lives of the residents of the area.
Nongstoiñ, July 16: The improvement of the Nongstoiñ-Sohpian road, which is only 6 kilometers long, has turned into a land struggle between the PWD officials, the contractor and the public.
The presence of nar doi doi bridges, the presence of squares, rivers, forests, shyiap rud wah, playgrounds, hills, valleys and tweis is indeed a place of residence. that pure blei.
With a 3-0 lead, Langsning FC managed to score a goal in the second half.
The suspect was identified as Cleofast Nongkhlaw (30) who was arrested this afternoon and when the police took him into custody at about 7:45 pm he died. inside the along by phasi lade.
U Bah BL Nongbri on receiving information from the village officials of this village about the plight of the residents of this area immediately went to provide assistance.
This was also evident when Thomas Jones arrived in Khasiland, he became a pillar against the English for the great cause of the Khasi people.
He said that during the inspection, even the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Bah M.Shadap, admitted that the area where the Police Outpost was planned by the Assam Government, is still under the jurisdiction of the Police Outpost. The boundary of the Raid Nongtung along with proper documents and proof that the land is still in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has celebrated the 23rd June as Olympic Day and congratulates all the sports associations, athletes, coaches, administrators and all those who are interested in the Olympic Day. Sports enthusiasts and congratulations on this day which we all celebrate as Olympic Day.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Earlier, the residents of Mali 1,2,3 through the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawdatbaki and the leaders of the Seng Samla came to meet with the media on the division of the village into three parts. They have decided to convene a meeting on the 15th of this month to decide whether to vote or not as a sign of protest.
He said that until he receives a reply from the Chief Secretary, he will not be able to take action on the allegation of irregularities in the office of the Superintendent of Police, Fire and Emergency. Services, Shillong.
As time passed more and more invitees came and most came in their own vehicle.
Bah Don didn't hold fast to his word and held on to the end.
Shillong, July 3: After the emergence of four new districts in the state, MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang has submitted proposals to AICC President Sonia Gandhi to appoint new district presidents in these states. district where it also approved these proposals with the aim of strengthening the work of the party in the state.
Schemes of all kinds cannot be implemented properly.
It is to be recalled that the tournament was held every Saturday which started on the 7th of March and ended on Saturday, the 4th of November at the Urkaliar Stadium.
The snake managed to throw itself on top of a dead body, which was still floating on the water, which was about 6 feet high.
U Bah Pynskhem said that the JAC congratulates the government for taking this step but the JAC demands that the government should issue an order. They said that the proposal to build Umngot not only now but in the future should be private companies or government-run companies.
Dr Kharlukhi also congratulated Dr Sangma for speaking on the facts and accepted that there will be no AITC MLAs who will leave the party before the 2023 MLA elections.
Four Chhattisgarh batters were dismissed without scoring a single run, including Choudhary, who was dismissed in the first over of the innings.
In a statement sent by the Dorbar Shnong Umran Dairy, it said that regarding the death of Kong Skilda Lyngdoh, both the cases, the team led by Tbn.P.Mynsong and Tbn.Tbn G.T. Lyngdoh, brought their own Court Orders, in which one group showed an order allowing the burial at the Church Cemetery, but the other group brought an order allowing the burial not to be buried.
“This is my personal opinion because the age of 24-25 years is the age when young people are looking for jobs to stand on their own feet,” said Coming. In the State, the number of candidates is low, while the number of candidates is low and if the youth wait until they reach the age of 37 years, even if they work and earn, they are weak.
In Lahaleng, SP Deepak Kr Pelecha and his team met to discuss the border crime and other illegal activities along with other issues of the people of the area.
Various civil society organizations like KMSS, AJYCP, NESO, HYNF, HYC, FKJGP, AASU, APSU, NSF, SFI, political parties, state governments, chiefs, lawyers , journalists, musicians, actors/actresses, writers and others have protested against the NDA Bill. Students of PUB Gauhati College, DCB College and North Eastern Region have protested not only in Assam and Meghalaya but also in Delhi as happened. at Jantar Mantar to protest against this Bill and at the same time to protest against the authorities in India and the North East.
Unfortunately, after the garbage was filled, the top suddenly exploded like a bomb and its huge lid flew into the clouds.
Shwaki Dhar scored the second goal (28, 32).
Nongpoh: The Umsning Town Durbar (UTD) today held an election to renew the Rangbah Shnongs of six villages under the Umsning Town Durbar (UTD). They are still the old ones, but only in Umsning Patarim, another one has appeared.
Kiang Nangbah Government College celebrated its 57th Anniversary on Thursday with the participation of teachers, staff and students inside the auditorium hall.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the District Council has not issued the NOC for the construction of the railway line in the state. You have to check whether you have received the NOC before
“We, together with the people of Langpih, will not allow them to come and do whatever they want in our area,” he said.
Ri-ïohlang, who is a FIFA level assistant referee, has traveled around Asia in the past few years.
“Two wild beasts” that beast that came up from the sea was like a dragon. It had 7 heads, 10 horns, feet like a bear, and a mouth like a lion.
How can you say that it is right? All these things happen.
Chetri said that this happened at about 3.30 pm while he was returning from Nongstoiñ with a fellow teacher named Tengton R. Sangma on a motorcycle. AS 25 E 1324 and when they reached a remote place about 32 kilometers from Nongstoiñ on the road from Rwiang to Langpih, the robbers blocked the road. SR Chetri was seriously injured and escaped while Tengton R Sangma died later.
Shillong, June 29: Adhoc teachers including teachers of LP, UP, Secondary and Hr.Secondary Schools in Amlarem Subdivision and under the Lama of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) A sit-in-demonstration was held on 28th June at Amlarem.
Shillong, Lber 12: An auto rickshaw driver in Karnataka through videos circulated on social media has been caught having a heated argument between himself and two women sitting in his vehicle. According to the video, it is understood that there was a pressure from the passenger in his vehicle to speak in Hindi.
After investigation, the Lokayukta found that Ismail Marak and others involved in the murder on 24th November 2019, the Lokayukta also ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to arrest him. no investigation.
Meanwhile, Bah Ransom Sutnga said that the village has talked to the contractors who have received the work in which some of the contractors have accelerated the construction of the drains and have already covered the slep, but other contractors have not yet They have not completed anything yet although they have promised the village leaders to complete the construction before Christmas.
Shillong, November 1: The BJP Leader and MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said, “The BJP will welcome even the red carpet if the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. “We as the party have already set a goal to strengthen the BJP and we are working as hard as we can to convince the people to join the BJP. “If Bah Vincent Pala joins the BJP, we will welcome him with a red carpet,” said Bah Sanbor Shullai.
The incident happened on the 1st of November at 11.00 pm.
You can come and go at will.
It is through this that man can build society and it is through this that he can destroy society.
It may be recalled that in the story of Cana of Galilee, there was a wedding feast and at that time, there was a shortage of wine and it was on this occasion that Jesus did the first great work of his, when he turned water into wine.
Lastly, the Minister inspected the construction of the Indoor Stadium near the football grounds and said that once completed, the Multi Purpose Stadium will be the largest indoor stadium in the North East. East Country.
Shillong, June 18: Although there is still doubt among many regarding the treatment of H.Gordon Roberts Hospital, Jaïaw, but in a thorough investigation by some journalists, it has been found that by coming to work With the help of more experienced Visiting Doctors, the hospital has started to return to the same treatment as in previous years.
At the same time, he encouraged that through the existence of IVCS, it will also help the farmers to market their produce and to be encouraged to develop their agriculture.
Opening the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly, Uikey said about 10,000 FIRs have been lodged so far.
The works on roads and others allocated in the last fiscal year will start from 15th June
Shillong, July 9: U Rajiv Mehta has been appointed as the new DGP of Meghalaya.
They also granted independence to the Princely States, which have a total of 562 princely states.
Leviticus 23:10-11.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the KSU Umiam Circle under the leadership of Samla Stevenson Kharkrang, President of the KSU Umiam Circle, today visited the Meghalaya Ply Factory in Umiam. , after the management of the factory, arrested a Khasi Longkmie who worked inside the factory.
Ampareen said she has already directed the police not to allow such incidents and those involved in burning vehicles cannot escape investigation by the police.
This was done according to the report received through the Safety Audit on the bridge which used to release water from the Umiam Dam after the advice of IIT, Guwahati.
He said that according to the rules, 90 percent should pass while 10 percent should get percentage by promotion.
The MDC of Laban-Mawprem said that he has many goals to achieve if he is elected by the people of Mylliem constituency. youth , agriculture and others.
The election of Reverend Victor comes more than a year after the Archdiocese of Shillong lost its Archbishop, Most Rev Dominic Jala, in a car accident in California, United States of America on 11th March
What is happening in Meghalaya now and on the demarcation issue, besides the State Government there are other departments or authorities which have the authority and the Government cannot ignore the conditions.
However, he said he was pleased to hear from the leaders of others who insult their fellow leaders in the government.
Dhar said that once the government has provided all the requirements, it will inform the youths who have registered to go for training in their respective areas.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Angela expressed her hope that the victory will belong to the people to regain their rights. the truth is in the kingdom of heaven.
Bah Jyrwa said that the Dorbar Shnong will take strong measures to prevent such incidents from happening in the village.
I have directed him (IG) to hand over to the Government and we will look into all these needs one by one as soon as possible,” he said.
He enjoys walking along the hills and crossing the valleys and lyhuh.
Uric acid is produced by the breakdown of food.
It is learned that no one in the area where she works has tested positive and this indicates that she may have contracted the disease from outside the hospital or from the market.
The Puja Committee has started to celebrate the Puja by decorating it with various colors and costumes through the Puja Pandal, but what is different is the witness of the people. The image of Chandrayan-19 contains the news.
She also congratulated those members and volunteers who have supported this great cause.
The talks lasted for 3-4 hours, but did not reach any conclusion, as there was no agreement between the two sides on various issues.
The union also urges the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District not to allow anyone from Assam, even the Khasi, to enter the state safely, because if they want to enter the state, they must walk. through Byrnihat, a place where there are health personnel who can investigate the movement and also to check the health of the person.
“Out of the 14 candidates selected for examination, only 3 candidates are indigenous while 11 candidates are from other non-tribal communities,” said the General Secretary of the KSU. -CEC, Donald V. Thabah in a statement.
Seven suspected militants from Garo Hills have abducted a man named Neelam R Sangma from Riangdim village in West Khasi Hills District.
“We are very fortunate that through this CAA protest by various organizations in the North East, it has prevented foreign tourists from entering our state and the Northeast. “This is one of the ways to protect us from this disease which is transmitted from person to person and has spread all over the world,” said SS Niangti.
Two women have been arrested after being punished for not wearing headscarves as is customary for Iranians to wear headscarves when going out in public.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The State Government has requested the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to hand over the road from Wahkaji to Mawthapdah which belongs to the Council. The 68 km road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah has cost T.470 crore.
Conrad Sangma said the presentation will be held on the evening of 17th June, followed by a meeting of all the members of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. ) on 18th January and there will also be a meeting of all political parties on 19th January.
Two former BJP leaders, Teiborlang Hinge, have filed their nomination papers from Jowai Central and Marki Mulieh from Jowai North.
The UDP will not be willing to withdraw from the MDA 2.0 Government.
Shillong, July 30: Four foreign workers were seriously injured after being robbed and shot dead by several robbers on Tuesday.
The Seng reiterates that the employment system in the state should be clean so that the state as a whole can develop.
The GSU has denounced this and said that the security forces have used the school without the permission of the District School Education Officer (DSEO) and the School Management Committee.
If this happens, it is better for our Sengbhalang here in Ri Lum Khasi to expel the Khar Nepalis and other foreigners who are involved in attacking and destroying these Hynniewtrep brothers and sisters. here in Ri Khasi.
The meeting also decided that the group will continue to oppose the transfer of the DC and will soon meet with Conrad K Sangma, who is the Minister. It is understood that the group, once they have had the opportunity to talk to the Chief Minister, will announce other programs to strongly oppose the DC. The meeting was conducted by Bah Wanphailang Dkhar, one of the youths of Nongstoiñ area. In the presence of Bah Moslandar Marngar, Bah Goldenstar Nonglong and Bah They also expressed their deep sorrow over the character of the DC, who is ready to work for the development of the people in the district.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rohit expressed his desire to work hard for this talent in order to guide the talented children in the field of sports so that they can develop in the field of sports. playing football.
“His passing away is an irreparable loss to the state,” said Bah Shullai.
Pay For Right Football Academy beat Mawkriah West SC 12-0 to secure their second victory in the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 on Thursday at the Polo Ground.
All the Khasi people should support Bah Charles ... You have to think and respond quickly to this request for clarification ... Don't want to fight against your fellow Khasi.
Let us sleep and sleep to change this evil nature and let us live together in peace and prosperity.
This is a business strategy planned by her husband who is a prominent contractor in the village even outside the village.
The High Court on October 20, 2013, has directed the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to announce within three months whether the situation is ready and whether they can come to the scene. The High Court on 13th October 2023, Dr N Mozika, has informed that the preparations for the delivery of 10 pyrtons of CISF will take about four months. something.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Druma Sandruma 1-11 in the second leg of the semi-final of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) at Resubelpara today.
Speaking to Rupang, the Rangbah Shnong of Nginiong, Bah Ros Marbaniang, said that the truck in which these people were riding to go to church was a slow moving truck and the driver was still driving. it's not too late.
Shillong, Naitung 17: A suspected member of the HNLC has been arrested again today after he escaped this morning.
The UDP, which has the second largest number of MLAs in the Legislative Assembly, has recently announced that Bah Synsharlang Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah, the brother-in-law of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, will contest the upcoming elections. long and hope that he will win this match.
“Rongjeng has a special love in my heart, because it is the place where my father, PA Sangma, owns this area.
On the other hand, Bah Suklang Dkhar, President of the Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association and General Secretary of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association in their speeches expressed their satisfaction with the success of the tournament and expressed their desire to develop the tournament. Speed ​​Skating competition in the state.
The Chief Guest, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Bnarwal, IAS, expressed his gratitude to the farmers who attended the program on this day. He encouraged them to come to his office if they have any problems or complaints to inform him. He promised that the DC's office will Let us cooperate at any time to develop the farmers because it is through the farmers that we will get the food we eat every day.
Eicher is the first company to introduce 100% efficiency for vehicles by installing telematics that can help vehicles consume less fuel, provide timely service through Eicher Uptime Center support, and also provides good benefits in e-commerce and brings happiness to bus passengers as well.
For the General Council meeting to be held on the 11th of this month, it was decided that at least 100 party leaders will be invited from East Khasi Hills district.
Other reports said that the arrest of these HANM leaders was also in connection with the incidents in West Khasi Hill where the HANM had staged protests and there were also incidents of burning of government offices.
Nongpoh: The Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Pa'iem Patrick Syiemiong, MLA Teinwell Dkhar, CEM Khasi District Council, TW Chyne, Executive Member of Khasi District Council and others. Sengbhalang leaders, today left for New Balakhwa, to inspect the situation of the village, after the shooting and destruction of the house of Bah Michael Warjri, Secretary of the National League for Democracy (NLD). the Kingdom of Nongspung.
Both the Tigers and Lions have completed their 10-day round robin with 10 points each but Nokrek are in first place by run rate, while Umiam Eagles, Simsang Sharks and Symper Panthers did not reach the top two, although they played well in the tournament.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District, led by Ohibait Dkhar, has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah R Rapthap IAS. They protested against the purchase of land by the BSF in Mukhla.
In a democratic country, each of us has the right to shout against corruption because this means that the money that should come to the people in the form of good and It is not like the roads we see today, which are covered with snow.
There is no reason why NEPMU will have the opportunity to refuse to deliver fuel to this area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The UDP MLA from Mawkynrew constituency, Bah Remington Pyngrope, will soon join the NPP. Prestone Tynsong while talking to reporters in Sohryngkham.
Therefore, based on the above, the VPP demands that the State Government should issue a White Paper on its arrangements and approvals to reach to the border and sign this soskular.
The CPC should be carefully fenced to prevent bystanders from entering the immersion area.
You don’t have to make your subject and your verb agree to serve….
The conference was attended by the Governors and Lt. Governors of the States and Union Territories, the Ministers of Education of the States and UTs, the Vice Chancellors of the Universities of the State and other dignitaries. participate.
He said that he has visited the Chief Minister seven times now and they have walked from Shillong to Tura for 8 hours, but they have only been able to talk to him for 1 minute.
However, the rally of the HYC on Tuesday caused a stir among the police when one group led by the HYC turned from IGP Point and another group led by HANM turned from Shillong Club.
The Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng, requests the tourists to cooperate with the village authorities, as there will be many changes in the management and urges the tourists to follow the government's guidelines in relation to the prevention of COVID-1 Ialong Village welcomes all tourists or visitors within the boundary of Ialong Village, but there are some restrictions that are not allowed within the boundary of Ialong Village. Hello.
The monitoring should extend to 'Sampoorna Swachhta' in the villages regarding the treatment of wastewater.
Hek told reporters that the decision of all the allies of the MDA government to contest as candidates for the LS elections is a golden opportunity for the BJP. have their own large constituents.
The KHADC office in Mawkyrwat will be opened soon.
In 2018, it got only one leader and for the 2023 election, the party is not sure whether it will nominate many candidates, but it is a long-standing party and will fight to retain them. The KHNAM, which was led by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has been involved in the development of the country.
In the 85th minute, Meghalaya had a chance to score from the penalty spot, but West Bengal's goal was saved by Hardy Cliff Nongbri.
Two persons were arrested in connection with the incident, Dipak Sarma from Dimapur in Nagaland and Jamminlal from Manipur.
His mother was filled with gratitude to the helper and went to say this.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) today held a meeting to discuss the opposition of the EJNC to the plan to hold a rally. Star Cement Ltd. in front of the DC EJHD office, regarding the plan to expand its quarrying at Brishyrnot.
If he is as strong and selfish as Herod, Nero, or Aurangzeb, history itself will condemn him.
Regarding the drivers of vehicles to deliver food items in the state, he said that all the drivers of vehicles who enter the state go through screening and testing.
I understand and see that if each and every resident does not take care of themselves, even if they increase the number of beds in hospitals, the time will come when even these patients may not have a place in hospitals. .
This has caused the residents to lose many precious lives due to the lack of health facilities.
Also present on the occasion were Bah O. Massar, DSP as the chief guest, Bah B. Sohlang, Minister of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng Village and others.
When asked, the Minister said that the fight against drugs cannot be achieved through one government agency alone, and that is why we have set up the DREAM mission which includes the police and the police. Tnat you protect.
Recently, the MPCC leader alleged that there is a lot of money collection from vehicles on the highways.
However, police later released the suspects and arrested the complainants as well as the vehicle.
Jew slew that rules pictures.
Shangpliang also demanded that the central government should provide T.10,000/- to the low income families and small traders especially during this time of curfew.
Speaking on the contribution of Bah LG Shullai in the political field, Prof LS Gassah said that what he has tried as a legislator in the District Council is something to be commended because many MDCs have been elected. In these days, even the Fifth Article of the Constitution of the country which empowers the functioning of District Councils has not been read.
In this regard, we have learned of several places where the flood victims should be offered and accommodated and these places have been prepared and have already provided the necessities.
When they reached Motphran, they crossed the road.
He climbed to the top of the stairs without fear or hesitation, and in a clear voice he said, “Look at me, you children of this God-given land.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 26: Four political parties including the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM), the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) and the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) on Saturday vowed to oppose the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any form. A case has been registered against the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills.
The BJP's commemoration of the heroes of the country is part of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the country's independence from the rule of the Dohlieh.
Referring to the northern parts of Khasi-Jaintia, this is the way the MDA Government has demarcated the new border which has caused confusion everywhere along the border with Assam.
The Council, which was responsible for the setting up of 20 Constituencies, for the purpose of holding the election, had to be suspended because the opposition could not approve the appointment of the Select Committee. ", in which the ruling party, which also included two persons of the opposition, appointed by exercise of the power under (Rule 30.
Regarding the MDC schemes, “We in the opposition have not received anything including the Special Assistance Grant (SAG) which the CM has provided to deliver development works to all constituencies,” he said.
Without religion there is no politics.
Shillong, November 13 : The State Government today decided to provide financial support to 12 colleges of the people. People's Colleges located throughout the State.
T.70,000 crore to improve the construction of houses and also to assist low income households to benefit from the Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme through PMAY (Urban) Financial assistance Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme for Middle Income Group with an income between Rs 6 lakh to Rs 18 lakh per annum.
When asked whether there is any proposal from former Umroi MLA Bah George B Lyngdoh to contest from Shillong seat on the NPP ticket, Conrad, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said, “I don't know. I don't want to say anything now who has applied or who has applied for tickets and who is on the list and who is not on the list because all these things have happened and will continue to happen.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that there are many explanations from various departments of the state government, while the Cabinet is considering these discussions. and various groups will be held on the 15th of July.
“It doesn't matter who leads the government but we have decided that we should not be in the government anyway and it cannot be that they have gone to the NPP”.
After that, Bah Shanbor sent all three of them to sign, as well as himself and his wife.
On the other hand, the KHADC, Shillong should immediately remove the Syiem of Marwet, for his actions against the Raid and the They alleged that he was involved in many land sales to foreigners in many villages, not only in Baridua.
He said the aim of this is to streamline the Clan Administration in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Due to the New Year holiday at Rupang's office, we will republish the newspaper from 4th July
Youths from various youth organizations from across the Bri U Hynniewtrep took part in this discussion where they showed many experiences in their careers as leaders especially in relation to government schemes. who deserve it for the development of the community and the youth as well.
When asked about the lack of participation of many churches in the boundary settlement in the first phase, Tongkhar said, “We will fight our best to resolve the boundary issue, even in the Even the first one we have done our best, but there are some shortcomings, but we will try to fight well.
Khan won the title at the age of 24; but this time, he gave the reason that the Asian style of eating jyntah did not open the way for them to become winners in the fight.
“Even if he is a relative or a neighbour, we condemn him because he considers the soul of an animal as the soul of a human being. "I love you Talang and the leaders of the Moorap Dorbar Shnong.
JOWAI: The Village Council of Madankynsaw, Mowkyndeng, West Jaintia Hills District has found that there are many children who are addicted to alcohol and dendrite in the village.
These children have been missing since last night and today, a public search has been conducted for them and police have recovered the letter.
PS1-13016/1/2021-PS1 (FTS:347376), today 23rd November 2021, where it has given permission to Mr. Nehlang Lyngdoh and two more blocks, to Mr. Thomas Lyngdoh, who are the owners of the land. The license was issued to Ma Labor Lyngdoh, resident of Rymbai and two other blocks in the name of Ma Dapmain Shylla of Byndihati Village.
Dr.Ainam Kharlyngdoh gave a brief explanation on the occasion and said that this day is celebrated on the 14th of July every year. to provide education or awareness on the need for blood donation.
“I have read the file carefully.
During the survey, 457 children were interviewed by the RSM in these villages including Madanrting, Iewduh, Mawbah, Mawblei, Mawpat, Nongmensong, Police Bazar, Polo and spirit in Pennsylvania.
Revelation 13:11-1
When the fish was eaten, he asked us.
He explained that when customers scan the QR Code, they will get information on the origin of the product, the types of ksai used and also witness a little video showing how these clothes or products are made.
Regarding the incident at Iongkhuli, the party will take the necessary action in talks with government officials so that the land should not be annexed to Assam, but should remain in Meghalaya.
From weight loss to physical and mental health, there are many benefits that we can get through exercise that we never thought of.
When asked whether the VPP has to cooperate with other political parties to form a coalition government in the state, it will cooperate with which party, Ardent said he cannot say. but he will see after the 2nd which is the day of announcement of the votes in the state.
Shillong, June 08: The Union Minister in charge of Panchayati Raj, on Tuesday said that the Union Government will not abolish the Autonomous District Councils in the state.
Chairman of JCCRP Samla Jersom Shylla said in one voice that all the speakers at the meeting said that the government through the Expert Committee should not take up to 10 years to complete the review of the Reservation Policy, but should The Core Committee on the Reservation Policy has decided to include experts in the Reservation Policy. The West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) has concluded the 14th District Open Badminton Championship 2023 on Tuesday. The event will be held at the Seinraij Indoor Sports Hall, Tpep Pale, Jowai on Saturday evening.
Sachin Pilot has demanded that Rahul Gandhi should allow him to take over the post, but it is understood that Rahul Gandhi has agreed to hand over the post. Gehlot's chief minister.
He said that according to information received from the media and from the information received, it was said that most of the land has been acquired by Meghalaya but it is not so.
Members of DAY-NULM women's SHGs were taken to the Water Treatment Plants (WTPs) to understand the procedures for providing clean and safe water to the households.
In the urban development sector, the government has implemented many sanitation projects.
In a statement, BJP Executive Member Pawan Sharma criticized the government for the arrest of Bernard and also accused the women who were abducted from Rimpu Bagan of being prostitutes.
Nongpoh: U Bah Iaonnis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Baridua and Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, on Tuesday said that they were attacked by a group of people in Shillong this evening.
Although the MLAs against Mukul Sangma did not attend the meeting, it was learned that there were two or three groups of them who held meetings to understand each other and it was understood that the meeting was to arrest people. In order to get the majority to take over the leadership position, which will be announced in front of many MLAs at the meeting to be held tomorrow.
As we have seen, the BJP has not gained any seats in Meghalaya since it came to contest elections in 1993. Its victory has been limited to 2 or 3 MLAs. While other parties like the Congress have won many seats and led the government in the state many times.
Clubs in the Women's League have offered to host home matches, including Gokulam Kerala FC, Kickstart FC, Sethu FC and Jawaharlal Nehru. Stadium, Chennai), Sports Odisha (Kalinga Stadium, Bhubaneswar), Odisha FC (Kalinga Stadium, Bhubaneswar), HOPS FC (Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, New Delhi) and ka East Bengal FC (East Bengal Ground, Kolkata).
However, if the spread of the disease increases from day to day, the Government has no choice but to ban it from time to time, and this will lead to other problems in the country. people.
HUCC beat Rising Star by 11 runs while Moodymmai beat Chutwakhu by 65 runs.
In his speech, Bah Khranglin Lyngkhoi, Manager of the Kur Lyngkhoi, recalled the journey since the beginning of the construction of the Mawkyndeng Square. all the children of thousands, youth, young children and especially young people who are talented in various sports.
Therefore, the government through the people's leaders should have surprised the people to enact strict laws to curb the deforestation.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam Sangma, said that the department has already sent all the requirements such as Utilization Certificates (UC) to the Ministry of Education of the Union Government.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 7: The Nongstoiñ Hill State People's Democratic Party (NPDP) Nongstoin Pyllun has launched its preparations for the 2023 elections. The name of the candidate for Nongstoiñ will be announced in November.
Nongstoin, Nailar 21: U Bah Balentine Sohlang, former Lyngdoh of Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng, on Tuesday morning, has taken over the post of Minister of Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng. Hima Nongstoin has nothing to do with it.
The children of Hynniewtrep know how to take care of themselves.
The first floor has 30 rooms in which are used as bedrooms.
On the other hand, the President of All Meghalaya Dancer's, Bah Kitbok Thabah, also had a phone conversation with Dilip Dutta, Music Director, regarding the newcomer in the field of singing.
to obtain unanimous approval from responsible parties.
Dahun Shisha is the daughter of Elias Siangshai and Osibon Lyngdoh.
The people should put the nation first, and their feelings later.
“They need about 5-10 days to complete the remaining works that the Taj wants,” he said.
Thus, the MDA government has been able to lead and hold power under the leadership of the NPP amidst the alliance of the ethnic parties within the RDA (including: UDP, HSPDP, PDF), India and BJP. During the formation of the government, we remember that Conrad Sangma was elected as CM at that time although he was not an MLA but a Member of Parliament (MP).
Time may give a new direction.
The KSA has strongly condemned the Assam government and the Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, saying, “He intends to use the land of the Karbi for his own benefit. Anglong, we will oppose and we will not give our land to Meghalaya.
Despite these reasons, the Khasi Niamtre religion is still strong because there are intellectuals who have a strong love for the country and the nation who will preserve their religion and customs. The custom of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa people to this day.
He said that in Mawkhar-Pynthor constituency, there are two candidates, Glen Khongwir and Bhabok Laloo, but it has been announced that the candidates are Rocky Hek and Ksan Kharumnuid.
According to a letter sent by BK Sohlangpiaw Sordar Shnong and BS Roy Nongphud Secretary Mawlieh Shnong, they said that the Dorbar Shnong has requested the MDC to release the MDC. part of the improvement of this road.
I called for help and immediately the neighbors came out to help my son," said Ms Bandari.
Shillong: The President of the BJYM Meghalaya, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, has resigned from the party.
The protesters expressed their anger by tearing down the statue of Maharashtra Chief Minister's Secretary Ajit Pawar in Vadgaon Nimbalkar village.
Mawkyrwat, March 11: The District Mental Health Program (DMHP) in collaboration with the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) today celebrated World Mental Health Day. Day 2022 on 10th March 2022, under the theme “Make Mental Health and Well-being for All a Global Priority”. the world doesn't need to be put ahead of others"
Speaking to reporters, Kolshi Kathak said that the reason why he decided to build the playground was after he was rejected when he went to apply for jobs. various government departments, so when he experienced such a rejection, he took a loan to build the place, until it became one of the There is no beautiful place in this area.
Earlier, he said that as a party, he is proud that two of the party's MPs, Dr. WR Kharlukhi and Agatha Sangma, have raised in Parliament the need to introduce the Ktien. Khasi and Garo in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
The suspects are I Love You Talang, Ramesh Dkhar, Tellme also known as Bor Pyrtuh and Sampher Ksoo.
The owner of the land offered T.5,000 but the council employees refused.
The program was opened by the ADC of WKH, Bah Valentine Swer MCS who urged the participants to have a goal to reach the top and not to fall behind.
In fact, Mondal admitted that the State does not have enough coal to use for the project and even if money is spent, it may be in vain.
In their own country, the former French Government erected a monument to them through “U Motphran”.
Another concern of the police is the discovery of injection needles during the seizure of drugs.
"Me Kpa replied, "Let's go together soon to get to know each other," said Men Kmie.
So 7 weeks x 7 = 49 years.
At the closing ceremony, Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem was the chief guest and Samla Mission Tron was the chief guest. Ambris Shadap and other elders of Umden area.
Shillong, July 6: The VDP Lyndem under Pynursla PS has found dead cows scattered along the road at Wahkro under Lyndem village on the evening of 1st July.
These include EGH: 20, EJH: 12, EKH: 147, NGH: 27, RBD: 55, SGH: 11, SWGH: 21, SWKH: 17, WGH: 105, WJH: 95 and WKH:
The election of the vice president from the North East will be the first time in the history of the NRAI. The election of the NRAI office bearers was held on Saturday at IS Bindra.
Visitors to this place should be very careful because this place is dangerous.
She also gave her voice to women.
But is it good or bad to talk about your health?
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has brought in seven more officers from other states to Bengal to strengthen the investigation into the corruption scandal in the state. education department, the head of the investigation team said.
This is just a reminder that if the Government cannot protect our people, we can see that the country of Hynniewtrep could reach the verge of civil war.
The curfew will apply to all Cantonment areas, Municipal areas, Mawlai Block and Mawpat Block areas, Mylliem Block areas from Umshyrpi Bridge to 7mer, Madanriting, Madanriting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Mawdiangdiang, Siejiong, Diengiong.
Unity is the main objective of all civil society and regional political parties.
He appealed to all the parties to eliminate party differences and set a goal to allow only one candidate to join hands.
It has been 50 years since Brazil scored the most goals, and his goals for Santos, where he played, are 643 goals. He is the only player to have won three consecutive World Cups in 659 appearances.
“The cow farmers have closed the market without telling the district council or the Syiem to close their shops, I have seen in the newspapers that they have closed their shops because of the high export of cows,” he said. The Council has directed the Syiem of Mylliem to talk to the farmers but I don't know how far the work has gone whether these farmers have met with the Syiem.
The Model Code of Conduct (MCC) prohibits various political parties from displaying posters/lama/placards in government places and does not allow writing on walls, to post or display posters, books or any other writings that deface or display or erect images or flags and so on.
If 10 mothers and only one father are kept, they can produce 160 chicks per year.
This will seriously affect the identity of the jaidbynriew which the KSU will not allow to happen.
At the same time, the MLA expected that the Nongtluh Higher Secondary School Diwon and the SDSEO office, Ri-Bhoi will soon be completed.
We must understand that the District Selection Committee (DSC) is the only department to conduct the examination,” Goyal said.
On the other hand, Murmu explained that the flesh is always that he treats women like children.
He added that by 2023, there will be eight more medical colleges in Medak, Medchal, Rangareddy, Mulugu, Warangal, Narayanpet, Gadwal and Yadadri.
Are such people not extremists? This animal behavior which comes from the excessive wisdom of human beings has also affected Father Albert Thyrniang.
It is for this reason that the distribution of money will start during the elections, because such people will win the elections by distributing money without serving the society.
In the petition, the KSU leaders said that the land owners who will be affected by this project want the State Government through the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) to immediately build this power plant so that will alleviate the electricity shortage in the state and will also create employment opportunities for the youth.
She said that she is proud that her children live and grow up with the beauty of nature.
In the afternoon, the Langdoh, Sangot, Maji, Chutia and the elders met at Slot Masi Square and brought three rots brought by Umlangchor, Neiñchnong and Wahchnong. and they went to Aitnar.
TB affects mostly those in the working age group (15 to 45 years) leading to loss of wages and pushing TB patients into poverty.
These are just a few of the things we see that DARKNESS wants to cover our beloved country. And as Rev.Dr.John Robert prayed and prayed for the KHASI country, I too pray and pray to GOD THE CREATOR to REMEMBER OUR KHASI COUNTRY from the many DARKNESSES that want to destroy our BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY.
The Shad Pastieh means that after the Ryngkaw has performed the ritual, if it shows a good sign that it is good, then the Shad Pastieh will be held. They shad with a sword and a spear, and after that they went down to their own fields to sow the seed.
They also said that they have lost their 20 percent annual bonus and have not paid LTC for three years from 2013 to
It is learned that the man stabbed his old wife with a sharp knife and stabbed her in the neck.
Shillong, July 31 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that it is because of the MP elections that they have held the Executive Committee of the Legislative Assembly early this session.
We remember that the Lord Jesus when He was on Earth performed miracles of healing to all people.
Ratacherra Cultural & Sports Club in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong, has organized a sports event to encourage the youth to avoid the dangers of drugs and alcohol. The Ratacherra 9-A-Side Football Knock-Out Tournament was held under the theme “Say No to Drugs & Alcohol”.
When inquired, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Advocate General and other legal experts of the State are reading all the documents and letters of the HPC and the Government will soon sit down to discuss the matter.
Shillong: The Union of Kur Rangbah (URS) has written to the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah to implement the ILP in all parts of Meghalaya and to amend the Sixth Schedule.
However, we need wisdom to get rid of that tax, because it is a lowly task.
When you live with reasons, questions are also many like why, and what.
We all want to have beautiful white and clean teeth and many times we go in order to have our teeth treated at a high cost and this can affect our wallet.
He defeated Bah BE Mylliem Umlong by 49 votes in the 9th election.
At this programme, the Youth Association of Mawpharkhrew Village, South West Khasi Hills District has honored the girls who have won gold medals in the 5th Meghalaya Games. Merisha Nongsiej, Wansukshisha Nongsiej, Merisha Nongsiej, Lawanjanai Nongsiej, Kyrmenshisha Nongsiej and Baiadalin Marweiñ.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik on Saturday, 15th of this month, launched a booster vaccination ceremony at Raj Bhavan Shillong. , you can get Covishield.
Jowai, November 07: The District Sports Officer (DSO) of West Jaintia Hills District will hold a Winter Coaching Camp for boys. and females between the ages of 13 and 16 years.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawsynram Circle welcomed all those who joined the UDP from NPP, INC, BJP, PDF and other parties. .
Other speakers included MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, W Nongsiej. Dr. SA Lyngdoh, Dr. W Sutnga and the Sordar of Nongthyllep Village, Bah M Ryntathiang.
The supporters expressed their surprise at the allegation by the organizers that they have appealed to the MLA of Mawhati, Bah JK Dorphang, but he has not provided any relief. aid.
Speaking to reporters, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, said that they have already submitted the petition to the Governor but he has not submitted it to the Principal Secretary.
There will be many programs during the one-day festival including the exhibition of traditional seeds by farmers from the area as well as from other areas.
“Don't force all SSA teachers to resign massly.
Police seized the money after the Election Commission banned any person from carrying more than 50,000 tyngka in their pockets according to the election rules.
At the Synod Dorbar held at Parїong Church in October 1969, Dr R. Arthur Hughes read for the last time the Report of the Hospital and said, “The years have been filled with changes. administrative aspect, knowledge of medicines, diseases and treatments.
The KSU Mynksan Unit urges the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to send its personnel to the villages which have not yet been registered so that the poor can register and benefit. Kitbok Wahlang, son of Nangroi Shullai and Bibi Wahlang, residents of Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, passed away on 16/11/2
They demanded that the members of KSU Moodymmai Unit be prosecuted under sections 504 and 506 of the IPC. HANM women,s wing has not arrested any of its members?
He also requested that such incidents should be reported to the police stations, so that the police can take the necessary action.
After this, the veterinarian left the scene and threatened the BSF personnel who were in the middle of the operation.
Shillong: Tura Police have shot dead a suspect who shot dead them with an AK 47 rifle at Sherwood School in Tura, Daldagre village this evening. .
Ri Bhoi Police have arrested two persons for allegedly shooting at police officers who were raiding timber thieves in Ranibari village, Ri Bhoi District on 26th October.
The road has collapsed at a distance of 13 kilometers from Mawsmai, where the road has been completely cut off and if repaired, it will need to be replaced.
Jowai, Naitung 8: The Dorbar of Nongtalang Mission Village on the 22nd of this month has decided to support the demand of the Banan Locality Nongtalang to ban the mining in the village. damage to the environment and which has also affected the drinking water supply of the village.
In another incident, a truck (ML05E/1104) collided with an Indica (ML04/A6225) at Sohshrieh petrol pump.
She suggested to have public awareness on the problems faced by women, to have regular health check-ups, to eat healthy food, to provide training and others to promote women.
On the same day, the Prime Minister also launched the APP Awareness Generation Vehicle at a function held at the Civil Secretariat, Itanagar.
Besides the CRPF, SWAT commandos were also deployed to fight against the GNLA and other insurgent groups in the area.
We hope that in the next few months, we will be able to call a tender”.
In a letter to the Chief Minister, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar said that 10 students have not provided their documents. He said that the absence of the PRC as one of the documents required in the advertisement has led to the removal of these youths from getting the PRC. He added that the birth certificates submitted did not have serial numbers and the order of the High Court was to investigate how these documents were issued by the relevant authorities.
“In the 76 years of independence and the 50th anniversary of independence, the previous governments have refused to recognize Meghalaya to get the benefits in terms of roads and paths.
Tomorrow's match will be between St. Anthony's College, Shillong v/s Mendipathar, KL Bajoria College v/s St. Francis D' Assisi College.
The GAD has arranged that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma will salute the flag here in Shillong, the Second Chief Minister Bah Rowell will salute the flag in Nongstoin. and Dr. RC Laloo in Tura.
MDA Government Spokesperson Paul Lyngdoh on July 5 urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) not to withdraw from the ongoing peace talks. and state as well as federal government.
In this regard, a statement issued by the senior management of the federation said that the nine teams in the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.31.4 crore, which is the same prize money as the previous round of the tournament; for the year 2019-2
Shillong: The Thma U Rangli (TUR) led by Kong Angela Rangad today lodged a complaint against the flooding of the bus stop. The Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawïongrim, which has recently been opened and has started operation, has only 6 markets.
I cried out and said, there is a God".
You’re now familiar with the modus operandi of this Mafia network, which operates all over the world.
The future of the country is in the hands of school teachers.
Election next year Bah, from Laban and maybe you will win it too.
Shillong: Four Congress MDCs from the Garo Hills District Council have left the party to join the ruling party led by the National People's Party (NPP).
On the other hand, the RBSU leaders said that the meeting with the Prime Minister was encouraging as he promised that the government will look into this and called for talks after the meeting. The budget session will be held after the month of October.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Junior Specialist in charge of Eastern Dr. W. Sutnga and Dr. PE Hadia, Block Medical Health Officer of Mairang Block.
The government department has issued the slogan “Wear wrinkles are good” or 'Wrinkles are good' and the order was issued on 3rd June 2024 and it wants to show that The people shall wear blue garments, but shall not wash their garments.
Not only that, the High Court said that if there is a need for cooperation between the CAPF and the state police, the court can take action to select such policemen from the state. participate.
" (Luke 2:8-14).
A group of market vendors in Iewduh especially the market vendors have given their strong support to Bah Ardent to continue as CEM. Ardent said.
At the same time, the Association of Youth Seekers has informed all those members who have been employed and those who have not yet been employed that on the 5th of November there will be a meeting of members.
He said that another issue raised by the EM was the amendment of the Khasi Hill Automobile District Bill
After the handover of these Dulir to the Government, the Meghalaya Government LP Contractual Teachers' Association (LPTA) has announced that it will end its indefinite strike.
“No one has informed me, I don't know that there is such a meeting,” said Grace.
All those who own firearms have been ordered to surrender them to the nearest Police Stations, Outposts and Beat Houses in accordance with the Arms Act,
The CEM said that the Committee after receiving the documents and the feedback of the Hima rulers will send its report to the State Government so that the Government can take action according to the report sent by the Hima. Committee.
Wellborn Lyngdoh followed by the keynote address by Wh.
Besides, he said the KHADC will also hold a meeting with other Autonomous District Councils in the state to discuss this issue.
The Government of Meghalaya has recognized these Chakmas as full Scheduled Tribes of Meghalaya.
He also briefed the meeting on the development programs and policies for South Garo Hills where the main objective is to implement the project for the Civil Hospital in Baghmara.
We should not be surprised why the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) and the Union of Urban and Khapsor Taxi Drivers (SNTSK) have strongly opposed this decision of the District Administration.
No party is prohibited from placing posters/flags/writing on private property without prior permission from the owner of the building/compound wall. to disrupt or disrupt the meetings/rallies/campaigns of other political parties/candidates.
Besides, many households have been destroyed, many people have used electricity for cooking and many other purposes.
He said that the meeting between the MLAs of all the North East who have decided to oppose the CAB, he said that at the meeting the Chief Minister of Bihar also sent a letter expressing his opposition to the CAB. At the meeting held in Guwahati, he said it was decided that the Sub Committee will go across the states to request the Rajya Sabha MPs to oppose the Bill. .
These cows have been handed over to the police for further investigation.
Jakhong Village has been in existence for more than 50 years and has about 160 households.
Today, the dedication of the Soodwar Sooluti and the Tawiar Takan or Wah Myntdu which is believed to be the founder of Jowai was completed.
Replying, Bah Hek said that he did not mislead the house because the question was about the new CT machines.
It would be better for the government to reach an agreement with the Dorbar Shnongs, Religious Organizations, Civil Society Organizations and other NGOs to set up Community Quarantine Centers in the villages. villages with the support of such centers by the government for the benefit of the villagers.
According to the order, no one will be allowed to enter the Containment Zone except the health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commander in charge of the village and all the residents. They should stay at home, wear masks, not interact with others and listen carefully if they have any fever or chills or difficulty breathing.
As soon as they entered the room, they came from the medicine room and saw many bottles of medicines placed in the cupboards in the front room.
Nongpoh, March 01: The VA Hynniewta AC of Ri-Bhoi District on 26th November launched the Buniyadi Siksha Abhiyaan (BSA) and a leaflet to preach on the goal of improving the education of children especially to the poor. villages and villages to get education.
Shillong, July 5: The High Court has sought clarification from the vehicles, shops and others to answer why they closed shops and why they stopped operating on the 27th of this month. This reporter has visited the taxi drivers and shopkeepers to find out what answer they will take to the High Court for shutting down their shops on that day.
From the youth, the elderly and the disabled also came out to accompany the body of the Father of the Catholic Church to the cemetery in Laitumkhrah.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Donald V. Thabah, on Tuesday said that the KSU has remembered the day of 28th June 2024 on what happened four years ago. KSU member Bah Lurshai Hynniewta was shot dead after Bangladeshis attacked the KSU with weapons in Ichamati, which is now known as Pyntha-umdan.
The KSU has announced that it will hold a sit-in on the 31st July as a sign of protest against the insult to the Khasi in the area.
The land was donated by the Hima Mawphlang on an area of ​​about 5 acres in a 60:40 sharing between the KHADC and the Hima Mawphlang.
The KSU has urged the health department to take action to provide for the needs of this hospital and to investigate thoroughly into the non-reception of patients at this hospital.
In a statement, the navy said it had received intelligence reports through its intelligence plane and those confirmed by the NCB about the presence of a drug ship.
Sister Superior, Theresa Kamsuan welcomed the guests and said that Bah PT Sawkmie is their brother, friend and supporter.
The Mukhap Student Youth Organization (MSYO) has expressed its surprise over the allegation by the KSU Leimow Unit that there is a shortage of water in Mukhap.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said he expected the second round of border talks to be held this month.
However, the problems of the people of the state should be addressed.
It is a pleasure to be part of a team that has a long history in football and has won many awards in football in India.
At the time of receiving this news, no gangs or armed groups have come forward to admit their involvement in the crime.
On the other hand, the employees of the JHADC under the banner of the JHADC Staff Association on the 11th of this month lodged a contempt of court against the JHADC and the State Government for not implemented the order of the Meghalaya High Court to release their salaries within six months, from October this year.
He said that on the 9th of June at 9:45 pm, the mother died at 10:40 pm. Her 9-year-old son has died. Only two of her daughters remain at the hospital but they have been discharged today. Creation.
However, as human beings, we don't think that in fact every human being has his own shortcomings, even if they are not physical.
After the man did not return home, the family members immediately informed the village authorities to search for him.
The incident happened on Monday night at Kurung village of Pedaldoba in Tikrikilla area of ​​West Garo Hills.
During the meeting, we had the opportunity to discuss or exchange views on the problems of the indigenous cattle farmers in our area and also the problems of the traders.
While they were busy cleaning the shet, the tiew, the ot doh, Bah Sokon came from the need.
If there are any expired food items, sellers must put them in a container with the words “EXPIRED FOOD ITEMS/DAMAGED FOOD PRODUCTS”. that as mentioned above, the Office expects all to cooperate for the welfare of food and beverages in the market by following the requirements and completing the necessary by 31st March 2024, in order to avoid any penalty under the Act hereafter.
Continuing to score 28 runs without losing a wicket, Bihar scored another 30 runs before losing three wickets.
It is not for us to condemn or judge, but we should reach out to help, support and guide them.
The reason is that because they were carried by water, all the original bodies were mixed well in them.
Why do I say it is just a business of making money by Dalals and office workers! The reason is that if you pay money to the employees or Dalal, you don't have the right to pay.
Shillong, Lber 20: Police on Saturday raided a temporary camp of the GNLA near Makriadap village, Kharkutta Block, North Garo Hills.
The people of the area, including Sabuda and Umru-2, are reportedly in great fear due to the clashes between the two groups of border residents of the two states.
Many MDCs, CEMs and EMs have visited the uranium mine in Jadugada South Bihar, now Jharkhand, such as Roblin Nongkynrih, David Lyngwi, Prestone Tynsong, Rangkynsai Makdoh and me.
Bah Tynsong also promised to introduce newsprint paper as an essential item so that the printing presses in the state can buy it. This is the city of Assam.
Any violators are entitled to legal action.
The Meghalaya High Court through two judges, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice Wanlura Diengdoh has issued an order on 5th June, 2022 ordering the suspension of all admissions. on the grounds that at the time of calling for applications, Government departments and other agencies which have to follow the Reservation Policy, have not displayed the Roster System or have not explain the allocation or counting of jobs for different ethnic groups under the Reservation Policy or the allocation of jobs under the Reservation Policy at the time of calling for applications.
Shillong: The BSF of Meghalaya, have immediately rescued a tractor driver, who was injured when his tractor overturned at Umkiang village.
Aadhaar is for smooth and efficient and free from fraud and for transparent and transparent service delivery to the public.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, on Tuesday said that the revelation of Bah GK Ïangrai to the Police Department is true, but many of them have not been revealed.
He said that if he wins, he wants to have modern schools in every village and a Smart Classroom.
“The insurgents are still strong in Manipur so the Central Government is afraid and hastened the issuance of ILP to Manipur,” he said. Pynshaiborlang and demanded the government to immediately implement the ILP in the state to protect the people.
He said that as the day laborers, the work is going smoothly, but unfortunately, they have not yet received their salaries for three months, namely the months of Naitung, Nailar and Nailur. payment is less.
Head teachers of various departments, MSDS staff, MLCU staff and more than 100 students.
John Marak in the case said that according to Section 9 (a) of the Representation of People Act, 1951, anyone can be nominated if he still has contracts between himself and the government to implement. to the kino-kino that work.
On the evening of 20th July 2023, a sumo driver told the police that a plate was left in his sumo. with two occupants in his car.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, MoS PMO, Personnel, Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh today said that the There has been a decrease in the number of COVID cases in all the states of the North East, except Meghalaya.
“It is true that this work has not been done for two and a half years,” said a source from the department.
In 1982, some of us former members of the KSU together with other friends and members of the Tribal United Front under the leadership of (L) Bah Wifel Slong in a meeting many times, we decided to and thou shalt divide the law unto the sons and to the daughters.
“The meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah is to urge the government to expedite the sending of the Bill to the Governor for approval,” said Bah Shylla. The Council has promised to consider the Bill.
“Because after they didn't respond, we sent a letter to the AICC to punish them.
Regarding the unexpected death of the young woman, Michael Binong, who is the son of the Rangbah of the Binong clan, said that the death of the young woman has not caused any sorrow to the family. The Kur demands that the Government of India, the State Government and the Rajasthan Government should take action to conduct a thorough investigation, even if it is to the CBI for a fair trial.
Regarding the selection of candidates for the Shella MDC election, Teinwell said he would take the final decision in collaboration with the party and its supporters.
The festival was inaugurated by Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Parliamentary Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, as the chief guest, in the presence of the President of Strawberry Growers, Bah Osmander Lyngkhoi. , the elders and many strawberry farmers of Ri Bhoi.
Because it is said that Russia at this time, once again attacked and fired again at various Ukrainian bases, in order to harass and suffer the people of Ukraine and also to make Ukraine she will suffer and surrender in this battle.
The power outage has caused a great loss to the people of the area, especially to the children and students who are still in the middle of their matric (SSLC) and class 12 (HSSLC) examinations.
Regarding the incident, he said the church is looking into the matter to find out who put the song and where it came from as no one signed the song. writing.
In the mind of the Khasi, the earth includes forests, hills, rivers, animals, plants, trees, flowers, fish and so on.
She said that it is the duty of the children to study, research, create and create plans and if they have a goal in front of them with determination no obstacle can stop them from progressing.
The Meghalaya State Electricity Board (MeSEB) was converted into a Corporation in 2010, with MeECL as the parent company and the merger of MePDCL, MePGCL and MePTCL to ensure smooth operation. , accountable, transparent, with a spirit of struggle for improvement and AT&C losses.
The total number of cases has risen to 3,241 and the death toll has risen to 1,2
The world is getting worse and worse.
Almost all the villages of Mawlong village on the road to Shella do not have mobile phone network, while Shella and near Mawlong villages like Ichamti and Lyngngar Parmaw are on the Bangladesh border.
Employees shall provide details such as full name, address, occupation, EPIC number, phone number, bank account and IFSC code.
Shillong: The Basan Office of the Raid Mawlieh has donated chairs to the Raid Ri Hynriew Kur for four villages in the presence of the Acting Sordar. with members of the EC of the Raid, elders, women and youth.
On receiving the complaint, the police rushed to the school and confirmed that the school had been robbed by the robbers and registered a case. /no.90(11)18 U/S 457/380 IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
I want a girl aged 18 to 25 years.
How can we employ foreigners? We don't have enough jobs ourselves,” she said. “Will Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan give us land?”
Promiscuous: promiscuous means that you want to have sexual relations without limits.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association (HIA) is for all the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War people.
The shooting of foreigners was witnessed again when they reached Dhankheti where at least three people were tied and beaten by the rally leaders.
Looking back on the game, Ruud suffered two goals at the beginning of the game, and after that he accelerated to put pressure on Rune's ball. which was broken twice in a one-sided match in the first set.
Democracy says that the rule of law belongs to the people, to be implemented by the people, for the good and peace of the people.
Media reports said that the government is now trying its best to extinguish the fire which has started spreading in the state, especially in the areas where the Khasi and Garo live together.
Featured Image by PublicDomainPictures from Pixabay.
The reason is that man has been overwhelmed by many things in this physical life, in this present age, which cannot be explained, which are overwhelming from all sides.
Rangdajied United FC are now in the second position with 11 points.
The public is invited to attend the services at Malki Square, at 5.30 pm on the above dates, where a special program for the youth will be held at 5.30 pm on the 12th. and then at 11 am to 4 pm, said a statement from Bah D. Diengdoh, Secretary, Grace Covenant Church, Shillong.
Pynshngain said they have decided to draft this new bill to repeal the old Delimitation Bill passed in
She also thanked the CSR department of Star Cement Lumshnong for their willingness to cooperate and distribute food items to the TB patients. The Manager-CSR, Star Cement Limited, Lumshnong, Kingshok K.Borah, expressed his satisfaction to see that there has been a decrease in the number of cases of TB. He said that the Star Cement Company will provide assistance as soon as possible to those who have TB to support them.
In the second part of the men's tournament, a meeting was conducted by Samla Rapborlang Nongrum. Welcome speech was delivered by Samla Biangbor L.Paliar President of KSU Mawlai Circle. Samla Manly J.Nongpluh Finance Secretary of KSU Sengkmie who was the chief guest on the occasion.
Shillong, November 6: KDUR will soon release a new album titled 'Na la thiar' composed by Waroh Pde, Cultural Secretary of KDUR. This collection of songs contains 8 songs most of which are warnings, and the most different of all the songs is 'Ri-war Mihngi' which covers all the villages of Ri-War Mihngi Pynursla.
“The government will no longer use the term “Give and Take” because many people are against it but when we want to get the opportunity to Resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya, we have to respect each other, we have to sit at the table to talk and we have to have a consensus other than that there will be nothing else. another way to resolve the border," he said.
“The fire started at about 2:00 pm but there was no casualty but only the loss of belongings inside the house,” he said.
“Don't let the incident become bigger...whoever shot whoever, whether he was wearing a uniform or not, that's not the case.
He said that according to the Act passed by the Governor of Assam on 23rd June, 1958, 23 Kurs cannot be members of the Executive Dorbar or hold office within the Hima. Mylliem, or they cannot sign any document which is part of the Mylliem Hima and they are only involved in the election of the Syiem because they are Electors but now he said that there are 5 kurs under the 23rd Kur. They are members of the Executive Dorbar of the Mylliem Hima.
On the other hand, he said it is difficult to arrest those who drink or carry drugs under 3 grams as they cannot escape under the ANTF Act.
The Congress party has admitted that it was the Congress party which made Bah Pynshngaiñ MLA and MDC until he was promoted to the post of CEM. The Congress (PPBYC) in Bhowal Hima has said that the MPCC's decision was fair and investigated thoroughly what the MLA/MDC of the area had done against the party which had promoted him to The party also said that if Bah Pynshngaiñ is not in the Congress party, he will not win the MLA and MDC elections.
The JSU leaders expressed their concern over the plight and insult of the employees of EMRI 108 by the management of GVK EMRI and the JSU supports the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEWU) their rights from the state government.
In fact, the last month, the most difficult time in the world, was about to end and begin.
The DC's office has taken this decision as part of the implementation of the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare as part of the fight against the corona virus by restricting public gatherings especially inside the state. city ​​of Shillong.
Shillong, November 10: Up to four newborns have been born in November this year in the state.
All government and non-government schools have to comply with this order.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today said that the State Government will soon issue a notice on the establishment of an Advisory Board to implement the provisions of the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs Act. and Psychotropic Substances, (PIT NDPS) Act 1988 within the state.
There is no one to take action to check or control this price increase one of the elders said that it depends on our own wisdom how to move forward in this life in this age set prices and raise prices at will as long as the market exists.
“There is no policy yet to confirm the contractors because MeECL when it needs employees it issues an announcement and after the interview it appoints contractors,” said Mondal.
They need sheds to store crops especially cold sheds to prevent the crops from rotting quickly if stored.
Speaking at the inauguration of the Nongkseh Indoor Stadium on November 13, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the state government has been able to build many indoor stadiums and stadiums in the state. continue to build more to enhance the skills of young athletes.
After this, Bah Comingone together with the MLAs and officers also conducted another inspection at Nongdisiar village near Umsawrang village.
When asked how they don't respect the laws of India, a police officer replied, “There is no order from the state government”.
The Rangbah Shnong said that although the Assam government had offered to register ration cards and EPIC voter ID at their doorsteps, the villagers had immediately refused.
On this occasion, there were 230 dancers from all over the villages including young men, women and children who performed their traditional dance. you are stupid.
He said that MLAs are the electorate and attending the meeting is like listening to the people when a candidate campaigns in the MLA election, but the choice is up to them.
Shillong, March 14 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday inaugurated the LED Bulb Factory at Hawakhana, Tura, run by GHE Impact Ventures and supported by GHE Impact Ventures. state government.
The Deputy Chairman, Ailad Bhoi, said in the House, “I am confused” by the order of the Meghalaya High Court ordering him to conduct the meeting. the meeting shall be called by the Chairman of the Council.
If the HNYF Lapalang Unit finds that there has been no change in the Dorbar Hall, the HNYF Lapalang Unit will take other stronger measures.
“Of the 1,68,491 accidents in 2022, 61,038 (36.2 per cent) occurred on National Highways, 41,012 (24.3 per cent) on State Highways and 66,441 on State Highways. (39.4 per cent) are on the streets,” the report said.
Furthermore, it was alleged that the Assam government forced the people in the area to register their EPIC names in Assam and also forced them to register their land in Assam. They are paid a high price so that the poor people cannot afford it.
These days, point-of-care testing continues to grow rapidly, with the introduction of the 4th generation technology-based rapid test. better than the previous 2nd and 3rd generation tests.
One of the 7 dead kings, he will come back to life and become the 8th king.
Where shall they go, and where shall they go? If we think of the 26,629 students, most of them will study in Class XI whether it is in Science, Humanities or Commerce.
They did not allocate any money to the state.
The mind is one of the strongest in the body and therefore, we need to take good care of it so that the mind is healthy, well, strong and does not allow even the strength of the body. evil thoughts shall not enter.
Even after we got our own state, we are still being deceived by Garo U Capt.
Sixteen teams participated in the tournament and were divided into 4 pools including Pool A, B, C and D. The teams in Pool A are Wahiajer Narpuh YSSC, Ladrymbai B SC. In Pool B, Tpepswer SSWO, Lumshken SC, Shilliang Umshong SC and Rangad SC. In Pool C, Chiehruphi SYWSC, R. Pohskur SC, R. Synrang Shahkhait SC and Pamrapapa SC. In Pool D, Bataw YWSC, Lumputhoi SC, Khliehriat West FC and Byndihati SC are in Pool D. The Chief Minister on Tuesday said that the government will prepare policies for the bring about change in terms of employment.
The clash started at 5.30 pm near the forest areas of Danteshpuram under the jurisdiction of Bheji Police, about 400 km from Raipur. The District Reserve Guard (DRG) has conducted a search operation, said Sukma Superintendent of Police Sunil Sharma.
The traditional language of the Tyngnger people, who can understand this farmer, is similar to the ñiangkongwing only because it is smaller in body.
It means that Lucifer or Lushai was cast down from the Third Heaven to the second Heavenly realm.
“Because of the lack of roads, we have lost many precious souls of our loved ones, because they died halfway before reaching the distant health centers like Umkiang, Lumshnong PHC or Khliehriat and Jowai” The Secretary Shnong of Huroi, Thepmon Khonglah, said that the residents of Huroi are unable to deliver their agricultural products to the market due to the lack of road.
Shillong, Nailur 22: UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong has strongly criticized the Congress-led MUA-II government for failing in many areas. Shillong has lost the Smart City project from the Central Government.
"Along with football, you youngsters should be diligent in your studies, you should also avoid alcohol which affects the body and society," said Bah Donboklang. The Nongkohlew Unit should continue to hold such tournaments.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Charles Marngar MLA Mawhati, expressed his pleasure to be able to take part in the ceremony to greet the groups from Ri-Bhoi before they left for one of the events. The tournament will be held in the state with the hope that they will be able to play well to win the tournament.
“Their victory will bring glory first to themselves, their parents, the community, the region, the country and the nation,” said Stalyne.
Before the rally, a march started from the football ground of Khliehriat HS School and passed through the town of Khliehriat carrying banners, placards and slogans 'No ILP No Rest, 'MDA down down, Modi down down' and demanded the abolition of CAA in the state.
But after a few minutes of standing.
Gathering of young people how to participate in various programs and activities.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Progressive Health Workers Union (RBPHWU) today staged a protest by sitting on a bench, striking and carrying flags in front of the Civil Hospital. Hospital Nongpoh, this happened after the government did not respond to their demands, which they have been demanding for a long time.
Man on the Moon is the world's biggest news day and night, since the Apollo spacecraft took off from Cape Kennedy and returned to the Pacific Ocean. , tens of millions of people are sitting on their televisions and radios to follow exactly this journey.
When asked what his decision will be, Enbin said he will have to consult with his supporters but he does not understand that the HSPDP in Mawkyrwat is not happy with this. "I leave it to the decision of the people, if he says to go ahead I will go, everyone was surprised. Bah Ardent called to speak only the group of Bah Renik but he did not call me to speak. faithful," said Enbin.
He said that the Election Commission has not yet said that the linking of EPIC with Aadhaar Number is inevitable, but it is not known what it will order.
Jowai, Jymmang 3: A fire broke out at Lumpyrtuh Mih Myntdu village on the night of the 2nd of this month. The houses of Lud Chyrmang and Ino Sana were destroyed.
The KHNAM has also sent a complaint to the Meghalaya Medical Council demanding that an inquiry be conducted into the incident at NEIGRIHMS Hospital which led to the death of a 23-year-old woman. to lose his own life.
Prestone said that if Dr. Mukul finds that the government ministers are not in office or cannot do their jobs, he should write a letter, “If “He sent a letter to me saying why you don't have an office or why you can't do your job. I appreciate it but he himself is not in the office.
The protest was supported by various groups in the state.
In North Garo Hills, there are 8 cases, Ribhoi 53, Jimirigaon 4, Pahamsyiem 7, Saiden 4, Umjarasi 4 and Umbir 10 cases.
Thousands of children from the Hima and Elaka of Hynniewtrep came to take part.
The inspection was attended by Deputy Commissioner, Garo LSN Dykes, IAS, DMHO KC Ajar and others.
Shillong, November 7: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint at Laban Police Station against the Rangbah Shnong and Gramsevak of Mawphlang Block for issuing two ration cards, three of them in the village. Wahlyngngia is located in Sohiong Constituency.
He also questioned why the Government has not yet appointed a full time Sub-Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO).
The girl said she was hacked into two of her Facebook accounts, which she named Vicky MC Prince and Izakial Fernandez. Facebook who posted her pictures without her knowledge.
Therefore, through this statement, I call upon all the citizens of the State to strongly condemn the violence against Christians and other minorities in different States of India.
“In an election, there is only one winner, there is no first or second place and only the first place winner will hold the post because that requires hard work to give 100 percent to win,” he said. said Ma Kyrmen and urged the youth to work not only for the candidates within the district but also for other candidates from other districts to spread the news through social media.
“We urge the government to take action on such issues, as it has been able to take action on other issues, please take action because this is a matter of life and death for you who are in power, “If you take this as a joke, we don't know whether such an incident may come to your house or mine tomorrow,” said Bah Donboklang.
Passah urged the parents that if they have children with disabilities, they should go to the Nodal Hospitals to get a Disability Certificate and to go to government offices to get it. government assistance.
“The rules are the operating teams must have a Licence, and permit and ensure safety and security measures.
People will find it difficult to buy such land and if they cannot have such land they will have to sell their land at a high price to rich people or companies because it will not benefit them anymore. If they cannot get a license to mine coal, the income from the mining will reach only a few officials while the people will not be able to work. “This allowance of non-tribals or foreigners to mine coal through agreements is against the land tenure law in Hynniewtrep, against the spirit of the Meghalaya Transfer of Land. Regulation Act and will open up the illegal trade between the hill tribes and foreigners (non tribals) in Meghalaya, non tribals will be allowed to participate in the coal mining industry and wealth “The Meghalaya High Court has decided that the Meghalaya High Court has decided that the The export of coal is a major mineral. The rule that only individuals/companies with land area of ​​at least 100 hectares may be allowed to mine coal. in relation to coal because they have been able to take coal and export it as a major mineral, like coal, this SOPs can later be introduced even in the mining of coal and others. ki major minerals"“The Save Hynniewtrep Mission has opposed this SOPs which affects the people and we ask for your support from all of you who oppose this SOPs which is a threat to the people of Hynniewtrep hi all".
At the same time, he said that the party has not yet decided or selected the candidates for the MP elections from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Seat.
In another development, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, today, announced that he has recognized the Marynthing-Ka Snap Paka.
Women are significantly more likely than men to show signs of psychological stress when they hold a higher position or are heavily responsible for the work they do, scientists from US.In men, responsibility, such as the ability to fire or fire employees, reduces those symptoms of anxiety and depression, the study found.
In a statement issued today, it was said that those candidates who apply for government scholarships to study engineering, medical, veterinary and agriculture colleges can attest themselves.
The HYC has also found that some of the contractors working in the area do not have Labor License and these too have been suspended.
Conrad K Sangma said the police have done their utmost to calm the protesters by refusing to use force when it was necessary to stop the protests.
I have met with the Principal and the school authorities to work together to rebuild the school and I have promised to release T.1 crore from the Chief Minister Special Development Fund to assist the school immediately.
Luizinho Faleiro, General Secretary of the Congress Party in charge of the state, Dr. DD Lapang President MPCC He is also the Advisor to the Government and the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
It is also a time when the candidate still has a spirit of love, respect and affection for the people.
In Shillong, in collaboration with the DHS (MCH & FW), the vaccination campaign was held at Diengpasoh PHC in the presence of Mawryngkneng MLA HS Kharpran as the chief guest.
They demanded that the government especially the MLA should turn his attention to the area to improve and repair the road, so that the people can avoid the problems in coming and going.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Meghalaya Youth Foundation (MYF) in collaboration with other organizations like Jharna Foundation, Seva Bharati (Meg-halaya), Mission Nethra-lya and North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health NEIGRIHMS has conducted a Free Eye Camp at Liewlong Village, Pomlakrai, East Khasi Hill District on the 23rd of this month from 10:30 am.
V.P.P.– The voice of the People.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Indian Basketball Team has announced the list of players who have been selected to represent the country in the 2023 FIBA ​​U16 Asian Championship.
Obey the laws of the government.
Because if there are sick people who walk here and there in public places in violation of the laws, it will cause a terrible disaster like a fire that burns the world.
Khliehiongriang have reached the final of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
It would be justice for the people if the government can remove all the iit iong from the vehicles.
Besides the charge, Phawa was also charged with threatening the police.
From 2- Jowai (ST), there are 40208 voters including 18954 males and 21254 females.
According to police sources, the suspect had spread a message on social media to urge the people to protest and to attack the residence of the Prime Minister in Tura.
Regarding this incident, the Rangbah Shnong has expressed the suspicion that the fire may have been caused by the shops which had left the fire extinguishers in their fires. and it shall be investigated, for it is only a suspicion.
“I urge you to look into this matter to expedite the payment to the land owners,” he said.
Areas like Block-I & Block-II and Psiar-Khanduli are the most difficult to demarcate.
Fullness Mawlieh, the owner of the house, said that the incident was discovered on Monday morning at about 9 am by his household staff and it is highly suspected that the incident has already happened. happened on the night of the 15th or 16th of this month.
Drivers, even if they are alone, are advised to wear masks or N 95 or double masks.
New Delhi: Sonia Gandhi will continue to lead the Congress party for the near future.
I also believe that all of us will enjoy the fruits of victory.
Many speakers from the villagers, church, women's organizations and school children expressed their happiness and pride in the honor of Babu Ditol Mylliemngap, Principal of Mylliemngap. school by giving numerous speeches, songs, dances and skits.
In Tura, as part of the celebration of World Environment Day, members of various communities, civil society, church leaders and others cleaned up the Ringrey River which flows through the city.
The amount of fine collected amounted to T.89,500/- including other fines for other violations.
In another semifinal match, Umwiehsup FC reached the semi final by beating Mission BH FC 1-0
‘’ Ezekiel 38:14-15.
The Under2 Coalition is a platform to work together with the West to share information.
The main purpose of the team's visit to Shillong was to find out whether the schools under the CBSE are following the syllabus issued by the Central Board.
We the villagers know that, Syiem Nobosohphoh and his dorbar have invited him many times to arrange for the post of Sordar Shnong Mawsaw to issue the certificate of Sordar Shnong until the end of his term. , but he had no cooperation with the monarchy.
Many of the invitees from senior officials, doctors and officers were also invited along with Kong Tailin Lyngdoh, a Khasi woman from Meghalaya who used to travel in Khasi dress from London to the UAE. The manager, Ajit Pal, and a woman, Sumita Thakur, approached Kong Tailin and asked her to leave the restaurant because she was a maid.
“The tender was invited from the Directorate of Urban Affairs and within 3-4 months the work has started,” he added.
Two passengers of the scooty were injured in the incident. The reason why the scooty collided with the man was because it was driving too fast. utei you are right.
In Meghalaya, there should be only 12 government ministers including the prime minister.
Shillong, June 3: The body of a truck driver who died in an accident is still missing and is still at the morgue at Shillong Civil Hospital.
The first is that man or women living here on earth are looking for happiness.
The Union Minister of State for Shipping, Chemicals and Fertilizers, Principal Secretary, Cabinet Secretary, Health Secretaries, Textiles, Pharmaceuticals, Union Government and leaders of pharmaceutical groups including the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance, Indian Drug Manufacturer Association, Organization of Pharmaceutical Producers of India, All India Organization of Chemists and Druggists, Torrent Pharmaceuticals, Bulk Drug Manufacturing Association and Association of Medical Device Industry participated in the consultation.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has invited all AFC D license coaches, grassroots leaders course and retired football players who wish to participate in the Meghalaya Baby League tournament which is currently underway in Shillong. , Smith and Mawngap Centre.
The issuance of trading licenses is not only a proper use of the powers of the 6th Schedule but also brings hope to the nation.
And after the sixty-two weeks, he that is cut off shall be cut off, and shall have nothing.
The drugs were seized from a Maruti Alto (ML05-M-1145) belonging to a woman and T.4166 cash.
Shillong, June 09: The incumbent MLAs of various parties including the National People's Party (NPP) have expressed their desire to join the BJP ahead of the 2023 MLA elections.
In the Act East Policy, Dr Singh said the Eastern Region needs to prepare itself to take advantage of this benefit with other neighboring countries.
The Prime Minister made this known to the leaders of JACATAM at a meeting held this evening.
The programs will start at 10:00 A.M and there will be an inauguration followed by a discussion between the farmers and government officials from various departments related to agriculture. country jing country.
They immediately held meetings to discuss and the decision was to kill all the foreigners, Phareng and Dkhar.
The word CIVILIZATION :- means the heritage of knowledge, which in Khasi, can be called JUKSHAI. Any struggle has a goal, which in English is called CHALLENGE :- In Khasi it means KYNPEIN / KOP/AI RENG. The CHANNEL is in SDAP in Khasi.
Niamtre is a religion of many churches, which believes only in God the Creator in which there are many rules but only one religion.
After a thorough investigation, it was found that there were signs of injury on parts of the head of the man and he appeared to be dead.
The order said that members of various insurgent groups and Rohingyas may also enter the Indian border at night, which could seriously affect the security of the state. He added that there have been many killings of residents of Umkiang by Bangladeshis while crossing the Indian border.
The report reveals the plan of the GNLA to reunite its group by sending youths from Garo Hills to Myanmar for training to fight in the fighting. .
Donbok also urged the district authorities and police not to allow parking spaces except for those who come to school or to leave school and to provide CCTV cameras in these places. “If you find anyone who drinks marijuana or alcohol, you will be punished.
Speaking on the abduction of women suspected of being illegal immigrants, Kong Ampareen said that it is necessary to monitor but it is also necessary to verify and verify because not every woman who stands on the streets is you are going awria.
The next match between Moopala SC and Chiehruphi SC ended without a goal.
Thus Nehru portrayed all these peoples as living together in one India - 'Unity in diversity'
The curfew will be in force from 10 PM to 5 PM until further notice.
Even if they contest elections, they return to school if they lose.
He said that the technologies developed by the ICAR should be available to the farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA of Sohra said that there is no politician like Bah Bring in the state or in India.
“Candidates who study in the government sector will have to take only the screening test,” the newspaper said, adding that those who do not study in the government sector will have to take the written and personal interview.
The wedding of these actors will be one of the biggest weddings in the North East.
MeECL may cut off electricity to such houses in accordance with the rules of law and inform the Electrical Inspector.
By the end of the match, the score was 1-1
These are the cases that have happened in seven districts within five years.
Prin Lang Roi scored the second goal in the 20th minute to make it 2-0
David has dropped to 20th place while Khawaja has dropped to 10th place.
According to the Sikkim government, these students were abducted after the state government launched “Operation Guraas.
Laitsing said the meeting was also attended by MS Rout, Commissioner Secretary and Rever Wahlang, Ambassador of the Indian Foreign Service.
Some of the parents who spoke to Mawphor said that their support for the teachers who demanded the removal of the Principal is because it is their own children who are suffering from the lack of proper work. this is the head of the school.
He is the one who will suffer the unspeakable suffering and will shed his blood in the garden of Gethsemane and will be questioned in the morning.
With this victory, Mawthong have 4 points from 2 games and Wahkaji have 2 points from 200 games this season.
State Secretary MBS&G, State Headquarters, Shillong, Principal Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai Dr. RR Kharkongor, Scouts Master-Guides Captain, Scouts-Guides and Rovers and Rangers.
This book teaches us to live together and grow together in harmony, to be equal and equal in income, food, health and life. for each and every- “And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul:
“We are not against this, we accept it but we urge to start first and those from home should not be invited from outside like you did to Tonu Dey (Guarav) because since we were elected as MDC leaders to the district. Council for 10 years and 3 months now CEM T.Shiwat has not invited the MDCs to discuss these issues of the council even once this is something that surprises us as fellow MDCs, but now The CEM has announced that he will invite all the MLAs of Jaintia Hills to give their opinion on the council by setting up a coordination committee between the MLAs and his EC. The CEM does not need other MDCs who are not in his Executive Committee (EC) and does not accept their opinions. If you are not an EM, you have to call the MLAs, so we urge the CEM to call all the MDCs to give their opinion on how to save the council. “We can invite all the MDCs to give our opinion and the EC you lead,” said the statement.
He said that the Municipal has set up three puh shilum to collect the garbage to find Bah Marshall.
“The Central Government will continue to allocate funds in the ratio of 90:10 to the North Eastern States and 80:20 to non-priority schemes.
He said that for other land, the government can seek documents to strengthen the ownership of the land but not for these two land.
On the other hand, Pastor Phawa said that in his opinion, the allegation of menshohnoh exists only in Khasi Hills and is not heard elsewhere.
Vehicles heading from Umshyrpi to Upper Shillong did not stop.
It may be recalled that on the morning of the 22nd, a truck carrying firewood and a Maruti car carrying rice came carrying wood and and the father of the field shall be their field.
Organizers of programs should ensure that the noise level should be in accordance with the Noise Pollution (Regulations & Control) Rules 2000 as approved, such as 75dB(A) leq. dB(A) during the day and 55 dB during the evening, in villages the noise level should be 55dB(A)Leq in the morning and 45 in the evening and in quiet places during the day the noise should be 50dB(A)Leq and 40 in the evening.
In the second half, Shangpung Moosyiem, who played well, tried various attempts to score the first goal of Demthring.
He said that he chose the UDP party because he saw that the party has a strong foundation and is in line with his goals.
The ceremony started from Durga Temple or 'Iung Blai' and continued with the mastieh dance on the mastieh ground with songs and songs in Bengali language which has been handed down from generation to generation without any writings.
Regarding this, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Samla Forwardman Nongrem expressed its concern over the harassment of Khasi traders in the area. Bagli, the union on the 10th of this month (March) lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of SWKHD. They do not discriminate against the indigenous people and humiliate and humiliate the indigenous people.
To ensure that members and leaders can enter and leave the country freely without restrictions or fears.
The number of cases of Coronavirus in India has risen to 137, including 24 foreigners, the health ministry said today.
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born on the same day handed over a cash prize of T.20,000 to Daphira Khymdeit for her success in the examination which is also a great pride for the parents. and the whole college.
If it had succeeded, the Congress would have been encouraged if the supporters of the Congress party who have never joined any party would support again to make the Congress the leader in
The time has come for us to turn back to our own customs and traditions in each kingdom and when we celebrate the festival, let us remember the teachings of our ancestors. they have left it for us.
Think about the future of our children and future generations, what will happen if we who have known and learned, turn away from the truth.
The seven players, including children, accused Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh of raising his hand and assaulting them.
He said that on that day, the fighting was very intense and both sides suffered heavy casualties and damage.
The Chairman of COMSO said that in the coming days they will meet with the leaders of the Congress, BJP and the United Progressive Front (UPF) to seek their support. They also urged the government to support the decision to implement the ILP in the special session to be held on 19th November
"The first time he won he said he won, at that time many came and cried and regretted that I didn't fight anymore.
Mandor said it takes about 10 years to prepare the requirements to ensure that the implementation of the NEP in Meghalaya will be smooth and efficient.
Speaking in the presence of the students, Kong Isawanda Laloo recalled those days and years when she was studying at Army Public School Shillong.
Rebecca is an IAS Officer from Assam Meghalaya Cadre in 1989 and is currently the Additional Chief Secretary. According to a statement issued by the State Government, Rebecca Suchiang has been arrested. She will also be appointed as the Chief Secretary and State Vigilance Commissioner.
In this Dat Lawakor, the two teams, the Langdoh team and the Sangot Paswet team, will compete to carry the wooden ball on foot to the river and to the top. the harvest of agriculture in two fields - the Wah field and the Nein field.
The national team will prepare for the final against the winner of another semi final between China and Japan for the gold medal on Thursday.
These buildings include houses and shops located along the Umkhrah River.
Other speakers were Jeslan Roy Nongsiej, Secretary RDA, Tirotsing Suchiang, Joint Secretary, UDP Central Body, Badarity Lyngdoh Nonglait, niece of Hopingstone Lyngdoh. Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor Constituency and Chairman RDA, South West Khasi Hills District.
“This illegal and irregular act of the Meghalaya Government has seriously affected the land and we cannot accept it,” said the union in a statement.
Lion Sports and Youth Affairs scored 136 runs in 20 overs for the loss of seven wickets.
According to a complaint by Siangshai, the man entered her house at 5 pm and stole the money from her house. on the 10th of this month, police said.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village did not want to settle the matter only by the elders and therefore they decided to convene a dorbar pyllun on the next day, the 17th of July. The meeting started at 7 pm and ended at 10 pm.
It was the spirit of selfishness that moved and caused Jesus to perform miracles.
Richard Dhar (31') scored the first goal of the match between Moosalyngkat FC and Mukhla Evergreen at 2:30 pm tomorrow.
He said that the party is committed to support unemployed youth of 1000 tyngka per annum, so that they can continue their higher education or get The scheme will be known as the Karnesh Marak Youth Support Scheme.
“Bah Hek has already expressed his readiness to contest the MP election and many people prefer the name of Bah Hek,” said a BJP leader who did not want to be named. .
Where are those village leaders from Pyndenglawar to Sohpian who came out to express their views on this, complained the residents and visitors.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 2: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate for the 6th Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, today came to file his nomination at the office of the Returning Officer of the National People's Party (NPP). The scrutiny will be held on the 8th of this month.
Etawah: The incident, which has never happened before, is that the bridegroom, who meant the brother, gave birth to the sister.
“It was Purno's vision for the future that revived the party and now it will be in the hands of Conrad (his son) to realize his dreams,” said Yumnam.
Shillong, July 23: Only newspaper vendors and party office bearers will be released on that day, according to a statement issued by Eklansis Sohshang, General Secretary MNH&VA. The MDP party has said that the flag in the state is wrong.
Recently, Bah Banri Kupar Wahlang, MLA of South Shillong, has alleged that the MLA of South Shillong has misused T.2.52 crore in the last four years of his tenure. These items were purchased to provide assistance to the poor people of the constituency and there was no misuse.
I alone am angry and sad to see the unjust behavior of the authorities on the issues of the teachers.
The purpose of the meeting was to learn more about the arrival of the foreigners in the Majai area and to learn about the jobs they do there.
“Therefore, the party will not be involved in this, but will continue to play chess if it reaches anywhere,” he added.
There are 276 recoveries from the disease.
However, if you measure the distance between the two seats backwards, there is no half meter.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GDADC) has failed to pay the salaries suspended for 30 months, even after the strike ended on November 15th.
Jesus loved Jerusalem and loved Israel so He said – “Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord” (Matthew 23:38).
Because he was more than Rupa, he lost his shirt.
There is another case of corruption in the collapse of the dome on the Legislative Assembly building in New Shillong Township.
The total number of cases has risen to
However, the officer said that the water tank has been cleaned from time to time but the excessive amount of soil has made it difficult for the office to clean the water supply which should be distributed to the residents of Jowai.
Akbar Hydari to persuade the Khasi States to join India.
At the same time, he also explained some of the implementation issues through this fund related to the construction of the house as well as the purchase of equipment.
It will bring disaster to the future generations and to the children of the children.
There will be constituencies which have been considered and regarded as clear, but they will show by their actions that they are still stupid and backward in their thinking.
He said that the Government of India has not yet shown any signs of lifting the ban on coal mining in the State and if so, the company will not give a clear opinion on the coal mining ban in the State. coal mining in the State.
The Baptist Church has expressed its deep sorrow over the ban on its leader from coming to the state to witness their 150th anniversary.
Recalling that the Prime Minister had promised 2 crore jobs annually as a promise when he came to power, Antony said that according to the latest figures, the unemployment rate among graduates Post Graduate and PhD is 33.6% while the unemployment rate is 44% among those aged 20-2
During the search, police found nine small soap boxes containing drugs.
“The Government has also sought the assistance of the Self Help Groups to assist the families and to take them to the One-stop Centers so that they can get the food items. full assistance from the Government.
“The MCCL has closed down now, we haven't received dewbilat for more than 10 years,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Ma Deimonmi Lyngdoh said that this is the second time that the cold weather has affected the village on the 23rd of June.
Shillong: U Bah Kennedy Khyriem, former Leader of the Congress Party from Mawphlang Constituency and candidate for the upcoming mid-term elections, has announced that he will contest the upcoming mid-term elections from Mawphlang Constituency. On 30th March 2021, he went to register at the DC Office Shillong and on that day, he was accompanied by Congress supporters.
There are many ways to choose from and those who have come to train are not the ones who have come to train.
Last month, Gokhale invited Prestone to discuss the issue of the Shillong Smart City, the collapse of the dome and the allegations of shortcomings in the awarding of contracts.
Earlier, former President Ernest Mawrie said that at the BJP meeting in Guwahati in November, it was discussed that if the BJP can contest and get 25 MPs from the North East, it will be the party. benefit to the States in the region as they will be able to strengthen the voice of the North East in the Legislative Assembly of the country.
Presbyterian Church, Thangskai.
The AMC&SA requests all the contractors working in various government departments to come forward and express their grievances through the Office Secretary Bah Pyrkhat Lyndem and Bah MA Kharpuri at the office of the AMC&SA in Barik. PWD in writing or at the email ID of amcsashg@gmail.com , in order to better serve the contractors who are facing problems and to improve the working methods of the organization.
The film will be directed by Firoz Nadiadwala.
Kom started her career in boxing at the age of 18, a year after she entered the sport.
Hek said the government has spent T.3.40 crore to pay the land fee to the people.
Shillong, Nailur 8: A motorcycle (ML-05M 4358) driven by Obert Nadon (29) and another Scooty (ML 05K 4582) driven by Vicky Lamurong have been reported. (31 years old) was born on 7 March, Upper Shillong.
After 1000 years there will be the final judgment, so it is called the great and white judgment because of the righteous judgment and judgment in righteousness in that judgment.
Oh! you are a miracle.
This is according to a statement issued by the Principal Secretary to the Governor.
He also owns land in Shillong worth T.1,54,00,000 crore.
Shillong, Naitung, 02: All India Radio Shillong today celebrated its 75th foundation day in Shillong with former employees and officers of the station.
The richest Minister is DK Shivakumar from Kanakapura constituency with a wealth of Rs 1413.80 crore.
He said that there may be a struggle to win the political elections, especially now that the Assembly elections in 2023 are approaching.
He said that according to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, this demand of the teachers has been discussed at two consecutive meetings of the Cabinet but the failure to implement is due to the Minister of Education. The book of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui was approved at the fourth meeting of the Cabinet.
“We also request the Meghalaya High Court and the Meghalaya State Human Rights Commission not to take responsibility for this incident and not to investigate and punish the Police and Magistrates involved in this incident. The HYC requested the HYC. “This action of the Police to fire tear gas at the teachers including The women teachers and their children, which has also led to the injury of some teachers, is unacceptable.
Bah Ryntathiang passed away on 29th November this year. He was an MDC of KHADC since 2009 from Mawthengkut constituency until his death.
During the investigation, the police and even the village authorities could not identify the face of the deceased, which was due to the decomposition of the body, said the Ri Bhoi Police Chief.
The five schools that participated in the STAR Talent Identification Program on 8th June 2023 are St. Francis School, Shyam Nagar Govt LP School, Kalapani Secondary School, Shyam Nagar Govt UP School, JN Higher Secondary School, Gime New Model Govt School, Gimegari Deficit Secondary School,  Chambakpara Govt.
Jowai: The Executive Committee of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) South West Khasi Hills District today decided to contest candidates from all four constituencies of the South West Khasi Hills. Hills District, which is located in Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Constituencies.
Out of control, the vehicle fell into a 100-150 feet deep river.
According to information received by this reporter, the reason for the traffic jam is because many of the vehicles passing through the Toll Plaza are vehicles that have not yet been parked. The operators of the Toll Plaza have charged double the tax for those vehicles which do not have FASTags.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Alliance (PDF) today registered Bah Melamshwa Rynjah as a member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to contest the MDC election from Nongkrem.
The Inspectorate of Electricity, Shillong, which is responsible for the Electricity Act and its regulations, aims to achieve a state free of electricity injuries to people or animals.
However, until now, the garbage is still flowing slowly and slowly as the days go by.
Therefore, the special meeting unanimously decided that they will soon start raising their voices again to continue the pending demands including ILP, border issues and other issues. The leaders of the nation are in urgent need.
Similarly, when we fought for the Hill State, we all rejoiced that we got our own state, but nobody fought to resolve the border issue and we faced problems. many kinds until this time.
The bank is now headquartered in Ladthalaboh.
“The NPP's approach is not to oppose but to implement these schemes only in the constituencies where there are NPP MLAs. Sanbor Shullai, BJP MLA, has said this,” he said.
Polish authorities said his death was not caused by poisoning or poisoning from the venue, but by an overdose of strong alcohol. that she shall no longer be able to control the cleansing of these liquors which she has drunk.
The Human Rights Commission shall be headed by the Chairperson who is also the Chief Justice of the High Court and members who shall be District Judges in the State who have served for at least nine years. those people who are familiar with the details of the law relating to human rights.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, said that by voting, the residents can elect the best leaders, and at the same time, it strengthens the to the rule of the people.
Taking part in the debate by Bah Bindo M Lanong, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the arrival of these people to temporarily rest in the state should not be taken into account. The government has decided to send them back to their place of origin when peace and order has been restored.
The woman has two infant children and one nephew who is an orphan who was raised by the woman.
There are years when there is no market at all to sell and even if the farmers plant, they have to break it because the animals don't eat it.
Soon they became outstanding students who studied various subjects in science, humanities, geography, agriculture, accounting, law and others.
In the first match of the 3rd Ground (MFA Turf) on Saturday, Umphyrnai SC beat Mawlai Sports FC at 11 pm. The club finished 2-1.
Shillong: The Director of DHS (MI) Dr.A War today said that the man who tested positive for corona virus from Umsawlem village in Ribhoi district is not a true positive case. The number of cases of corona virus in the state has risen to
On the same day, when these UHMs visited the area, they found that many of the foreigners, who came to do business or contract in the area, did not have the necessary documents. , which include Trading License, Labor License and other documents, which they must obtain from the Government or the District Council.
Shillong: The Mawsmai-Nongthymmai Elaka today announced that tourists from the state will be allowed to visit the beautiful places of Mawsmai-Nongthymmai Elaka from the 16th of this month.
Newhil scored the first goal through Reul Dkhar (70).
Besides, many have accused the NPP of supporting and working with the BJP of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“Yes...yes...yes...to the UDP” shouted the crowd at Madan Student.
South Tura constituency will go to the mid-term elections after NPP MLA Agatha K Sangma resigned to allow Conrad to contest the elections so that he can continue as prime minister. .
After the arrest of the suspect, the police, after searching his body, recovered about 10 grams of heroin and money.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today commemorated the 79th death anniversary of poet Soso Tham at the State Central Library.
I am pleased to inform you that recently three government colleges in Jowai, Tura and Sohra have been recognized by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council.
It is impossible to shed blood because politicians are sleeping in political power while political parties are sleeping in the world.
Seiborlangki of Rymbai of Sailung Jaialong won the Man of the Match award, Heimonmitre Shylla of Luti Tuber Jaialong won the Best Goalkeeper award and Banshanbor won the Top Scorer award. Pale of Sailung Ïalong scored nine goals and Oohbhah Dhar of Luti Tuber Ïalong won the Player of the Tournament title.
The National Mission for Clean Ganga (NMCG) has directed the Chief Secretaries of the 11 states adjacent to the Ganga to clean up the Ganga.
Volunteers will be available at all parking lots to guide you.
Thus Christians celebrate this fiftieth day after the resurrection of the Lord to commemorate the descent of the Holy Spirit upon the 120 disciples of Jesus, and to this day the day of the descent of the Holy Spirit is known as as the day of Pentecost.
However, the complainant filed a writ petition instead of filing an election petition.
The procession started from Marianhill, Iawmusiang, Tpep Pale and left for Mission Compound, Iawmusiang and ended at Marian Square.
:The new Khasi song, “Ah Kane Ka Ri Jong Ngi”, will be released on the 14th of July 2023 at Nongstoin.
Conrad said any person can go to court if they are concerned that there is a violation of the Act.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) congratulated all the journalists in the state on the occasion of the National Press Day on 16th November
The NIA has raided many parts of Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and parts of Delhi.
In a statement, the Central Government said that the Government has promulgated the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 on 11th October,
Sharma was shifted to a hospital in Kota, where he was said to be in critical condition, he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr. Kong J.Laloo said that the post of LD has been vacant since she was transferred but no one has come to replace her.
Mawrie said the TMC says that the WE Card is for women who come from poor and low income families, but here some of those who do not qualify are also allowed. in this list to be included.
Finally, the Diocese of Jowai expresses its gratitude to the Episcopal Ordination Committee and various Sub-Committees and especially to the parishioners of Ummulong Parish.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Chief Guest, MA Challam, praised the management of the bank for its ability to run from Mawjam to Park and at the same time urged the residents to take advantage of the benefits available through this bank.
Shillong: Through the courage of a 12-year-old boy named Jenestar Thongni, he has rescued two other children from a fire in a house. their.
Dolly Khonglah said that the state government cannot do anything or explain to the central government regarding their problems in the mining industry and their MIECC intends to to meet with the Minister of Mining of India to discuss this issue.
But most of them had to stay in many designated areas," he added.
The 11 people from Nongbah Mawshuit who have received the foodgrains include Florentina Khongjee, Jesynta Khongrymmai, Kerohunlang Khongsit, Kun Khongshei, Lub Khongjee, Riaiom Khongngain, Riakor Phanbuh, Shena Khongshei and Ta Sngop Shabong. Sngiat Khongshei and another from Dewiong village.
Therefore, the Union and the Dorbar invite the public and paradoh parasnam to come and witness the traditional dance, especially so that the public can know the signs and places on Lum Mawbah. of the People's Republic on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
As the party, we want to have peace and stability in the state, but we will not sit idly by when we see that the indigenous people are being attacked in the country.
In fact, Aadhaar is not
He said that according to the exact information he has received from the employees of the factory, it is that the factory has three to four trucks of rnga per day. From Mawlangdep to Shallang, to the Assam border to the east, the forests have been destroyed and if the factory in Rwiang continues to operate, there will be no forests.
The MLA donated 25 votes and Ma Finelyness 15 votes.
Police have received information from intelligence agencies that the NLCN has collaborated with other armed groups from Nagaland and plans to send the first batch of training to Nagaland on the 17th. , November, 2023.
Pastor Sohkhlet said that in 2011, the Synod had a law that pastors cannot be members of any party, cannot be candidates, polling agents or even contest elections. too.
“According to the statement of these women, they were illegally abducted and detained and mentally and physically tortured and threatened in the name of the GNLA. the Principal Secretary of the Social Welfare Department.
In the pre-quarter final, both the teams tried to play strongly from the start, where they had some good chances, but could not score until the end of the match.
Dharmapuri is contesting against Kalvakuntla Kavitha, incumbent MP and daughter of Telengana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao.
Think about the future of this area.
Four deaths from COVID-19 have been confirmed today, three from East Khasi Hills and one from South West Garo Hills.
Francis Syrti was elected as Treasurer, Stableson Syiem Umdeinlin as Auditor, Elisha Sayoo Priang as Auditor, and the members are F Synnah Village Secretary. John Manner, Secretary, Village Council.
Out of the revenue of T.17,641 crore reported in the Finance Accounts for the year 2022-23, the main revenues received by Meghalaya are T.9,937 crore as revenue, T.4,426 crore as tax. Grants and T.2,796 as loans and others.
In the final which was held on Tuesday at the basketball ground of the college in Weiking, Jaiaw, the girls of St Anthony's beat the girls of Seng Khasi College 36-1
He said that the trains that are still on their way to bring passengers from Kerala will arrive at Guwahati Railway Station on 30th June 2020 and this train will bring 352 passengers to the state. .
New Delhi: Lok Sabha MP and TMC leader Mahua Moitra has been arrested by Delhi police on Tuesday night after she was arrested. , that they held a sit-in at the office of the Minister in charge of Rural Development, because they wanted to meet with the Minister, that evening.
“Out of this project, T.31.60 crore has been allocated for the creation of jobs for the landless poor such as the establishment of SHGs,” he said.
Besides, the organizers also honored the members of the Shillong Referee Society and the 16 teams that participated in the tournament.
The famine has overtaken them, and the people of these areas live in extreme poverty.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The All Meghalaya Journalists Union (AMJU) today strongly condemned the attack by the Assam Police on the journalists of the state while they were performing their duties to cover the rally. Association in Sabuda area, Ri Bhoi District.
At a meeting with the Power Regulators from the Central Government, States and the Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission held this month, the Union Minister in charge of Power and New and Renewable Energy RK Singh urged the Electricity distribution companies should implement this Rule.
Her conscience was shattered, and she was overwhelmed by sadness and depression.
Earlier, RM Kharsyntiew, Chief Judicial Magistrate-Cum-Secretary, DLSA, Jowai, explained the purpose of the tournament. She said that this is part of the efforts to strengthen the relationship between the employees of the Legal Services Institutions as they are selling one of their departments.
Ram Gurung tied 119 runs off 99 balls and Rangkynsai won the Player off the match title by 163 runs.
Does your bill pay to the public? Even if you have load shedding, your bill light is fine.
Speaking to reporters after talks with the Ukrainian delegation, Fomin said: “It was decided to reduce the number of troops in the entry points to Kiev and Chernigov.
“Such an announcement by the Assam Police is a violation of the sovereignty of India which is the fundamental principle of the Constitution of India,” said Bah Pala.
The first, Daplang, was in class X, the second, Labiang, was in class VIII and the last boy was in class VI. He thought carefully how to do it.
Nongpoh, July 15: To continue the public awareness campaign on the objective of the Prime Minister's TB Mukth Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA) for the eradication of TB in the district and the state as a whole, the District Tuberculosis Office officer, Ri Bhoi District today conducted a training program on TB at RNB Carbide & Ferro Alloy Limited, Umiam.
Nongpoh: An unidentified young woman has died at GMC Guwahati Hospital after being seriously injured when she fell from a tree. An Auto Rickshaw was moving on the NH-6 and fell under 17mer village in Ri Bhoi.
Nagaland and Assam have a border of 164.6 km long, which has seen conflict in recent years, which started in from 1875 to 1933.
The speakers at the explanation and awareness session were Dr. Sandor RL Nongbri and Mrs. Naphibanmer Laso.
Earlier, Antonio War said that there will be 121 shops or stalls in the market of Mawphlang and these have been sold at the price of T.5000 tyngka each. He said that there will be 80 other shops in areas which no longer fall under the market and the price of these shops is T.5000 tyngka each.
Before the celebration, at 10 pm, a Mass of the Holy Eucharist was led by Father Hilarius Lamare, Vicar General of the Diocese of Jowai. There are 18 churches in the Diocese of Jowai.
The Government led by the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, BJP and Independents has failed in all aspects and this confusion may be created to cover up their unemployment and corruption. ," said TUR and KAM Meghalaya.
“This has angered us and we have sent a messenger to apologize to the Seng leaders and it is with the arrival of Magistrates and Police who have gone to talk to him and make him come and apologize to us.
If the HNLC doesn't, how can it come to the negotiating table is the question of many who have accepted this demand for money.
She said that during her visit, she had met with the doctors in charge of the hospital and they told her that the hospital has the highest number of births in the country. The Government will strive to improve this hospital so that it can provide better services to the people who need treatment from this government hospital.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 29: Senior office bearers of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) who held the posts of President and Finance Secretary have resigned as their leaders and office bearers.
“The minister told us that if we go to talk to him a day earlier; “It's too late,” said the Chief Organizing Secretary of the party, Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej.
Lalbiakmawia, who is also the Finance Secretary of the Northeast Students' Organization (NESO), said that on Tuesday, he visited many schools in Aizawl and elsewhere. The students were reminded that they should not marry non-Mizo people.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Hek expressed his gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong for its efforts to achieve this goal especially to serve the poor.
He said that Metabah as a leader has been able to develop and strengthen the party as the party has increased the number of MLAs from 6 in 2018 to 12 in Under his leadership, the party has been able to work with the government to bring about a strong and stable government until the end of the term. years and not only in the District Councils.
Speaking to media, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that after the inspection, he warned the person who dug the ground, known as Billu Taro, that he should stop immediately. If found guilty of illegal mining, the District Council will lodge a complaint with the Police and District Authorities of Ri Bhoi.
“Another 70 students will be taken home tonight.
In the U-16 category, Phibakmen Rynghang of Ri-Bhoi District won the title of the best player in the girls category with 640 points and one gold medal. In the men's 100 meter event, Anilson Ch Marak of South Garo Hills District won the title with 651 points after winning a gold medal. long jump.
The market has been operating since November 2013 and at that time the Agricultural Marketing Board of the State Department of Agriculture has appointed the Iaijyrngam Society in charge of Mylliem and Mawphlang Block.
The incident happened at 9 pm last night. According to information received, the youth identified as Bishal Borah (24) from Kahilipara Guwahati was on his way home when he was hit by a car. When he arrived at the scene, the motorcycle he was driving overturned and collapsed due to the heavy rain, and he fell asleep on the road. The youth died before reaching the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. Doctors pronounced him dead from these injuries.
However, this year it has collapsed until the old road and the recreational areas built since ancient times have appeared.
Therefore, we need to try the good things from within the home and expect the outside world to be enough, especially in this age of competition.
Raut is at the forefront of the political struggle between the BJP and the Shiv Sena after the election results on 24th March
The Governor of Meghalaya awarded the Rajya Puraskar or Governors Award to 84 Scouts, 9 Rovers, 76 Guides and 9 Rangers in the presence of the Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang. , Secretary to the Governor Dr BDR Tiwari and others.
The cost of this project is T45.7 crore per annum.
Your rep has many meanings.
They also explained that the arrival of civil society organizations in the village is not blind, but through complaints from youth organizations, sports clubs and the public regarding the opening of the NHAI gate. Mer, but the problems of the people in the villages and townships have not been met.
“He also said that there is a need to provide modern equipment which is still lacking in many blocks.
According to the source, four brothers were inside the house with their father while two others along with their father survived with minor injuries.
“We must understand that the elected MLAs of the BJP are the children of the country who represent the hopes and aspirations of the people of the State before the BJP-led Central Government,” he said. “In our party, many of the workers are Christians.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has issued an order to prohibit the use of loud weapons, loud music, after receiving a complaint regarding the incident. Therefore, the law has been issued that the use of loud instruments whether they are tynghung, songs or others, should ensure that the According to the decision of the Supreme Court, the use of tynghung should be limited to 6 pm to 10 pm.
These days, the Government Fruit Preservation Center has gained a reputation for training farmers on how to make juice from strawberries, strawberries, strawberries, figs, carambola, strawberries, shophans, strawberries and others.
Police of Jowai Police Station have taken possession of the body and the investigation is ongoing.
In the second semi final, SCA beat Tura DCA by 129 runs.
England in the fifteenth century experienced major changes which profoundly affected the economy, working conditions, income, agriculture and the lives of the people.
We must walk, we must face the things we will encounter, the anxieties, the sufferings of many kinds in this life.
The suspect was identified as Jim Nongsiej, 32, from Nongryngkew village in Riangdo WKHD. He has been living in Them Ïew village of New Nongstoiñ but has not lived in that village for a long time.
That is, if the police arrest A (Nongdih/Nongdei), they should look for B (Nongdih/Nongdei) and they should wait until they find C, D, E, F, G and all those involved until the drug factory is found and the drug factory is completely demolished and the drug factory is arrested and punished. manufacture and distribution of drugs under strict law.
Earlier, the government had responded to the HNLC's request by accepting the HNLC's proposal to hold talks with the government.
Through this Integrated Web Portal, the officers and the Commission will be able to view and review all future applications.
When asked, he said, “That is our opinion, if he stands from the party, he has every hope of winning the election.
No, it's not like that.
Helper is needed to work at Riwar Offset Press.
According to Samla Ennocent, it is alleged that these Dkhars may have received a residential certificate from the Rangbah Shnong of Pyrdiwah.
OM Roy scored the first goal of the match from the penalty spot through Kolanstone Khongji in the 48th minute.
When someone does something wrong or does something wrong to us, we don't have the anger to repay with evil or to wait until we do something wrong because it is not in our heart.
They were welcomed by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC. Nongpoh and many other UDP leaders from the state and Ri Bhoi.
The Supreme Court lawyer said that in India there will be no law greater than the Constitution of the country and all laws will die before the Constitution.
He said the G20 summits are appropriate opportunities to showcase the quality, deity and opportunities available in the region.
Meghalaya is already a state that has been severely affected by the illegal entry of foreigners into the state and if the UCC is implemented, it will be a great threat to the minority community. .
Police sources said that Naga was abducted by the GNLA and they demanded the money for his release.
The authorities said that the area of ​​the land purchased from the owner of Nongstoiñ is about 11 acres.
Shillong, March 11: The Congress today confirmed its candidates for the 2018 MLA elections from Shella and Sohra constituencies.
Adding to this, the spokesperson of the union, Kong Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew, said that the purpose of the march was to demand that the government should recognize the domestic workers in the list of employees. the valuation of their wages as in the case of other kinds of work.
Colonel Gautam Rai, Director of the Rajya Sainik Board Meghalaya, in his speech, said that the rally was held in Tura with the aim of taking care of the problems of the retired soldiers. their relatives living in Garo Hills.
“We don't have any problems in marketing our products because they have gone abroad,” said Muruh.
“Of course, I don't feel comfortable going back to the lawyer to ask for his opinion on this matter.
However, the river flowing through the Umyiap area is faster and flows faster.
On this occasion, he also congratulated many youngsters from the area who have chosen to earn a living by offering Khasi shana.
Shillong, Lber 16: The KHNAM and the HSPDP have said that they have not changed their minds on their decision to support the Common People's Front (CMF) MP candidate Pastor PMB Basaiawmoit in the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary constituency. , even if the UDP withdraws its support for the All Regional Parties Alliance (ARPA) in KHADC.
Matthew 28:18.
If my eye turns to the right, I shall be a slave forever.
On the other hand, the village leaders have warned the residents not to create any trouble or destroy the household.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Leaders of the SSA teachers on Tuesday said that they have received information that the office of the State Project Director (SSA) has said that the government of Meghalaya has decided to The SPD has received the funds from the Central Government recently and the SPD Office is preparing the necessary documents to be sent to each District.
It is a duty expected of all members of the House, members of the ruling and opposition alike," Sangma said.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Titos Chyne and Executive Members including Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki and Grace Mary Kharpuri visited the vendors from Mawlong Market to Motphran. without a commercial license by June 20, 2023.
Bah HS Shylla while talking to reporters: Rupang.
Vehicles from Mawkaton to Mawkaton have been directed to pass through the Kynroh road.
There is also one who died today.
Amankumar was dismissed for 29 runs, but Raghav remained on and increased his score to 46 runs and expects to score his half-century tomorrow.
It is said that the clothes can be worn by those at home.
The Commissioner & Secretary to the Transport Department, Bah MR Synrem today issued a notice ban ban commercial vehicles from passing from one district to another. This is part of the prevention of the spread of Covid-19 in the state, where they have banned the use of commercial vehicles such as buses, tourist taxis, maxi cap and sumo vehicles.
As a nation, we have been able to produce many 'patriots', who lived and died for the good of future generations, such as Bormanik, Sngap Singh, Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and others.
In another match, Lawmei beat Pynthor 5-0 with goals scored by M Kharbuki (16), M Nongrum (19), Z Kharbuki (29), B Kharbuki (35). and A Shadap (49).
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is now facing a challenge as the contribution of the ASHA workers to the welfare of the community is one that the Government cannot count.
Especially to improve agriculture, as all the residents of this area live only through agriculture and livestock.
This “Age of Kyrwohsohmyndur” is also the “Age of Tyrko-nia Shlur,” and soon we will reach the “Age of Badkhaw.
The JSU War Jaintia has also urged the Dorbar Shnongs of Dawki and Bakur and all the War Jaintia and War Khasi villages within the Indo-Bangladesh border to take action to strengthen the VDPs. India has set seven dates for the polling, starting from 11th June, 2019 and ending on 19th June,
In another incident, two houses near the Umran River in Umnget village, Ri Bhoi District near the NH-6 have collapsed. the size of the river that ate the land on which these houses were built.
These teachers said that as they had expressed on 15th November 2022 to protest for their rights, they will sit on that day in front of the MBoSE office, Shillong from 10 am onwards. 10 am until 3 pm.
The reporter also found that a house near the road has been completely destroyed. According to the villagers, it was the office of the stone traders in the area. The Rangbah Shnong said that it is the house of Bah Crowning Khongtani.
Continuing the innings at 30/2, Nishanta Chakraborty (39 off 134 balls) and Bipin Kumar Ray (26 off 80 balls) added 59 runs together before losing the third wicket.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) Women Wings (KJNU) in a statement sent by Suk Dhar, Organizing Secretary, expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the increasing number of illegal activities in the country. Jiantia.
The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has set up a bus to go to the markets in Kolkata to inject covid-19 vaccine to jhur vendors, market dwellers, fish vendors and others. I don't have time to go to the injection sites, because I don't have to go to work.
Two MLAs from the People's Democratic Front (PDF), Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew and Gavin Mylliem from Sohra, have joined hands with the NPP-led government. This comes at a time when political parties are busy preparing for the elections to be held in Sohiong on 10th June
Thousands of years ago there was an incident that I will tell you now.
In the past few years, under the leadership of (L) PA Sangma, the NPP has won MLAs not only in the North East but also in other states. Rajasthan won four seats under the leadership of Kirodi Lal Meena, the then Independent MP from Rajasthan.
North Tura Chief Minister Thomas A Sangma was the chief guest and Crisline T Sangma (Retd MCS) was the guest speaker. special invitations.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has once again claimed responsibility for the detonation of an IED bomb weighing 3-4 kilos at Khliehriat Police Reserve, East Jaintia Hills.
The shooting incident occurred after the wife of Purushottam Sharma, had been watching the movements of her husband and after a long search, she found him. , that he had gone to sleep with a woman and there was a heavy fight in the area and immediately Sharma, left the house to go home and there he shot dead the wife of the owner. his.
NEHUSU said that according to the UGC guideline, the implementation of other grading systems in universities across the country which have been recognized by AICTE is a great benefit for the students. student.
The Europeans, the Americans, and other nations, from the first to the fourth generation, were still in conflict with God in humanity, but gradually Beinbsah gave birth to Seinpuh and Seinher, (Is 14). :29) People have become stupid and stupid even if they are “Patrilineal Society”.
Mary Jones Diengdoh of Lumnongrim Umsning won the first runner-up while Lakyntiew Syiemlieh of Lumumpih Umsning won the second runner-up.
Police urge the owners of lost cows to come to the Muktapur Police Patrol Post on working days.
Finally, they warned him that if he did not give up his alcohol, they would cut him off.
On the other hand, Bah Apbor Nongrum said that the party is deeply concerned about the illegal entry of mynder from time to time, without the knowledge of the village authorities and without proper documents. at the same time, the union requests the public not to allow foreigners to smuggle foreigners and warns the company not to smuggle foreigners without providing them with the necessary documents. office shaka state.
Cooperation should be in the field of electricity generation, construction of schools, construction of roads, construction of health centres, employment opportunities, to send youth from this state abroad to train them how to train in the skills they already have, how to reduce traffic jam, how to reduce the waste of drinking water so that it does not affect them in the future, and others.
However, he was suddenly taken to Mawkyrwat.
Dr War said that Sambha Shylla was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 27th July 2020 and on 5th July 2020 he was admitted to Super Care Hospital. In November 2020, he was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital where he was tested positive for Covid-1
On the other hand, one of the owners of the dewbilat factory has lodged a complaint with the Khliehriat Police Station.
Besides Bah Langbang, the Government has also appointed Bah Raphoo Iakai, President of the Sein Rai Shangpung, as the Marriage Officer to register marriages between the believers of the Sein Rai Shangpung under these Acts.
He said that with the merger of Bah Carnes and Bah Batskhem, the turnout in the upcoming MP elections will undoubtedly reach 3.50 lakh votes.
By Spiton KharakorSince the time of the British Government, the Khasi have celebrated the 1st of January every year as New Year's Day.
Six candidates from Shillong seat and four candidates from Tura seat will contest for the Lok Sabha seat in Delhi.
This decision of the Central Government through the President's order is in fact illegal because according to Article 372, the laws which have been in force before the Constitution cannot be amended by the order of the President. President three years after the Constitution came into force in the country.
Speaking to Mawphor, the Secretary of Nongpoh Town, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, said that 1091 households have been allocated to the villages in Nongpoh Town. PMAY(U) scheme and this will be a blessing for those who do not have a home in Nongpoh.
“In view of the lockdown imposed in Meghalaya and India as a whole to combat the spread of COVID-19, the Executive Committee, Jaintia The Hills Autonomous District Council, Jowai has announced that those Waheh Shnongs whose term of office has expired during the lockdown can continue to serve as Waheh Shnongs until the end of the lockdown. 30th June, 2020.
The Minister also praised the hard work of the Rangbah Shnongs in various villages who have worked together with the authorities to fully implement this goal.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today distributed leaflets to educate the people to elect their leaders with responsibility. of money and drugs.
If it had been shown again, Phillingkata and Maikhuli would not have gone to Assam to send the women there.
According to my research, the Chief Executive Officer of the Khasi Nylla Biodiversity Board, who is also a member of the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board, the departments of the Forest Department of the State Government.
Six residents of this village have tested positive for COVID-19 on Tuesday and areas in this village have been declared as Containment Zones to prevent the spread of the disease. The spread of this disease has increased in the State especially in Shillong.
Besides these nine persons, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has also sued the Secretary of GHADC Hewingson A. Sangma and two contractors including Sanjay A. Sangma and Dolrish D. Sangma.
Instead of moving forward, Meghalaya has declined in many ways.
When the people will change their minds in the election of their leaders, we have to see what happens today.
These goods were seized by the BSF while the smugglers were trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh through the border areas.
According to a statement sent by the District Youth Congress Committee (WKHD), these two leading office bearers of the NPP Party in Nongstoiñ have come to join hands with their followers for the purpose of The victory of the Congress candidate in the MDC elections to be held next month.
The UK Mission Enterprise Limited, which has its office in London, was employed by the UK Mission Enterprise Limited.
In Umroi, Pala received 3071 votes while PBM Basaiawmoit received 5640 votes.
The HYC also strongly opposes the same quota, as Garo has only 8 lakh residents, while Khasi Jaintia has 13 lakh residents.
This is the difference that we want to bring and that we want to create.
The khan replied that she could not, but she showed the answer that they would perform the sacrifice on any Mawniam that was still going on.
After the EoI has been submitted, we will examine the documents and inspect the site before taking a decision.
The first most commonly used is sodium nitrate.
The team will play against the West Zone from the 8th of July.
These chests were covered only with the front part, while the back parts were covered completely.
Tapaz G. Momin scored two goals in the 47th and 50th minutes and Sengbo K. Sangma scored the other (10).
Regarding this incident, the state police suspect that members of the armed group were involved in the shooting death of Marandi and kidnapping of the money collector of the place. Dinesh Sharma is the owner of the project.
Witnesses said they saw the bodies of people, bloody clothes and shoes scattered at the scene of the blast.
Mynsngat won 2-0 against Loompyrdi Iongpiah.
Most of the residents of this village get their rice from their own fields and do not buy rice from the market, like other villages.
The Army also said that the search operation used state-of-the-art equipment – ​​especially in the mountainous areas.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum said that after the elections, the MDA-II government should immediately evict the Harijans living in Mawlong Market.
They repented and were baptized, says the Word of God.
The Minister of Roads, Transport and National Highways, Nitin Gadkari on 18th June visited Khonjoy village in Ranikor constituency to campaign for the BJP candidate Martin M. Danggo. to the Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya.
The same incident has happened to the country's Khnam shooting team, which has been eliminated from the World Cup Stage 1 in Shanghai. Korea in the quarterfinals of the men's Recurve shooting tournament.
Now it takes only a few minutes and within half an hour it is possible to reach from Nongshilong to the top of Mawthadraishan.
The KSU leader said that after the nurses had examined the child, they said that the time of birth would be at 2:30 pm and he said that the child had died.
Khan said he could not say anything yet as he still had to meet and discuss with many of his supporters.
The Member from Meghalaya to the Rajya Sabha has expressed the need for a strong team so that Delhi does not listen to the demands of the people of the region.
The victim is Jaya Das and Badal Das, their second child, while the first child weighs only 3.8 kilos.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 7: Within 48 hours of the shooting death of a man at Lad Stand Civil Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills Police with the efforts of the ANTF, have arrested a man. Johnnystar Kharbani, resident of Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng, is a drug dealer, police said.
Bitter slap....
Arunachal Pradesh Governor KT Parnaik in the past few days said that Arunachal Pradesh is a rich state in terms of agriculture (jhur and soh), as well as The residents of the state should turn to these opportunities for their economic development and income generation as well as for the state as a whole.
Similarly, in the International Border area in Rajasthan, the BSF seized about 8 kilos of heroin in 2020 and 64 kilos in
He passed away on 19th November 2020 at 02:00 pm.
“We have studied many times, and we have found that there is no other way but to amend the Reservation Policy.
Shortly after, Rupang went to the scene to talk to the management or guards of the house, but found that there were no people in the scene, and the main gate was open but it was seen that everyone was The rooms were locked, we tried to look from behind but it was not possible because the back of the school has turned into a dense forest.
US President Donald Trump has warned that the country will face a severe crisis in the next two months as the death toll has risen sharply. The death toll has risen to 8,000 and the number of cases has risen to 300,0
The funeral service will be held on 19.11.2022 at 2 pm at the Presbyterian Church Jowai.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday said that the curfew announced on 24/03/2020 will continue until 28/03/2
She also discussed the upgradation and strengthening of the state health department from CHCs, PHCs, Sub Centers to rural areas.
We will decide what to do if the Lamphang does not allow the adjournment motion,” he said.
It is to be recalled that Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit started his hunger strike from 23rd June, 2023 in front of the Secretariat and after that it was moved to the Additional Secretariat in the evening to ensure the safety of the people. rain.
He also urged the Karbi people to maintain unity to bring peace and happiness especially in the border areas of the state and to develop each other as the Karbi people are a rich culture and traditions.
He also urged the new leaders of the Unit to continue their work with a strong spirit, especially to be members who are united in the working methods so that whatever they do will be equal especially to develop the community, the region, the country and the nation as a whole.
This website can be used by those with disabilities, their parents, those working in jobs related to people with disabilities and students.
This is the first time for the Cycling Association of the state to experience a loss in the sport of cycling which the state is struggling to develop.
“God has not given me education, he has not given me a degree but he has blessed me to be a public servant. Thank you, Dasakhiat Lamare, my son from Mawhati and Wailadmiki Shylla, our brother, we will win all four.
Regarding the complaint sent to the SP of Ri Bhoi District, RBSU leaders including Everjoy Nongpluh, President of the RBSU and Amberlight Masharing, Working President, have demanded that the SP of Ri Bhoi District should be punished. The SP of Ri Bhoi, urged him to take action on this issue and to stop such illegal activities in Ri Bhoi, as it affects thousands of people in the state as a whole.
Kitbok Thabah, President of the Association, had a discussion with the Minister to expedite the implementation of the Association's objectives.
The farm will be managed by a Management Committee and its members will also include the farmers in the state.
This sound came when the auto drivers in Nongpoh, who were going to accompany Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF and President of the Auto Drivers Association of Nongpoh, A complaint has been lodged at Nongpoh Police Station, regarding the assault on him by people who claimed to be leaders of the HYC. These auto drivers in Nongpoh, immediately went to the police station to accompany their leader and condemned the attack. They have sent a letter to these people who claimed to be the leaders of the HYC in Ri Bhoi.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 22: Following the allegations from many quarters against the allegation by Mawhati MLA Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare that he has not done anything for the Mawhati Constituency, the NPP party leaders in Mawhati have left. Mawhati MLA who is also a Minister of the State Government, and it is not just misleading and misleading the people, but Bah Dasakhiat has done many things. for Mawhati Constituency.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that if people fail to follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare; On the other hand, the state government will not hesitate to close down the liquor shops in the state.
He said that in fact, the Committee has started the work of collecting the information from the inspection but it has not been completed.
At the meeting conducted by the Sordar, Bah Pynshongdor Lyngdoh Nongbri, the people of the village honored him by dressing him in jaiñ ryndia and also by giving flowers and singing by the youth of the village.
That happened in every country, every neighborhood and every village.
Therefore, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has requested the government to postpone the maintenance of the bridge until after the festive season to make it easier for the people to travel.
Shillong: The results of the HSSLC Examination, 2018 conducted by the MBOSE, for the subjects Science, Commerce and Vocational Streams, will be released on the 10th June at 10 am.
Shillong, March 31: The National People's Party (NPP) has so far nominated 58 candidates for the 2023 MLA elections in the state.
The support staff includes Ran Jana Yadav (head coach), Marty Mustafa (assistant coach), Helyna D Sangma (trai ner), Lucky Mary Marbaniang (physio).
There was also a Free Eye Check-up organized by the Rotaract Club of Pine City Shillong and Bansara Eye Care led by Rishai Sutnga, Optometrist Bansara Eye Care. Sanitary Pads to women and girls who participate in this programme.
Cheda also taught at the school. Along with her assistant Bhakti, there were also two assistants to look after and provide for the needs of these children. Evening.
“The army has said that they will open the gate when the world is calm and there will be no more peace,” said Bah Dhar.
He said that the teachers have to walk for about 1 hour to 10 hours to reach the school.
Through this decision, we see that a united village can defeat the schemes of foreigners, whether it is the government, companies or foreigners and this will be a great example. Other issues, such as the authorities, foreign shops and others, cannot be addressed by the unity of the Village Authority.
"This is an election that has not been conducted according to the rules of democracy and that I have never seen," said Giuliani, Trump's lawyer.
Speaking briefly at the meeting, Fr ​​Celia said that the leaders and members of the party should work hard to improve the work of the party.
Shillong: South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai has invited various religious groups in Laban area to celebrate Christmas and New Year.
God has now burned with invisible fire.
