We have asked for help from 1917 but we have not received any assistance,” said Sordar Bah Wanboklang.
It is learned that these buses of NEHU used to pick up and drop off students to different parts of the city including Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai, Rynjah, Laban, Mawlai Mawiong, Mawkynroh, 7mer Upper Shillong and others. In other areas, the number of children served by these 18 buses is more than 400 students under class 12, and about 5127 students (according to the census for the year 2018-2019) students from Degree level above.
R.Synrang Shahkhain scored the first goal of the match through Richard Dkhar in the 83rd minute.
On the other hand, the union urged the Food and Safety Department and the Health Department to take action to inspect all the shops in the RiBhoi area to ensure the cleanliness. There shall be no suspicion in these shops and shall not cause any harm to the consumers in these shops.
Bawan said that what surprises the HANM is that this person has alleged that during the visit of HANM to demand three issues which the HANM has gone to demand, it has been paid for. “On the other hand, we want this person to clarify whether it is true or not that the NPP has funded HANM during our journey north,” he said. Let Onion.
The Hmar group has clarified that there is not a single place of worship that has been destroyed in the area.
“The government has tried its best to do what should be done by 31st October and today there was a meeting between the SSA teachers to explain the reasons for the delay in salary. and the measures to address the loss of salaries of SSA teachers,” he said.
In the past few months, a school student has been hit by a motorcycle near Don Bosco Square while trying to cross the road.
We have to change our minds.
Besides this method of mining, the Tribunal was also shown the dangers of coal mining, which has been set up along the highways for transportation and trade to other places.
He said that there are only three states in India which produce synsar and those are Assam, Meghalaya and Sikkim.
At the same time, to these Kuki and Gangte communities who have fled here to Shillong to stay temporarily in our state, to them too, when this situation, the conflict has broken out in Manipur, They too have to leave our state and return to their own states, to their own loved ones, but not to stay here.
Another goal of his as president is to work with the central government to recognize the Khasi language or to include it in the 8th Schedule or the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, as demanded by the state government. and the people of the state.
Bah Sanbor said he was only giving his opinion to the minister, who is his colleague in the coalition government.
“This time too, we have promised to work together in the MDA-2 government because we want to strengthen the government and you are the ruler of the state"
The Waheh Shnongs and KSU of Narpuh, have vowed that if the NHAI does not follow these rules to repair the road, they will take action to close down the toll gate. Speaking to reporters, the President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang, said that the condition of the National Highway in Narpuh has been deteriorating since Mynkre to Malidor has been badly damaged, many wells have been filled with water like fish ponds, many vehicles have been damaged and damaged on the road due to the bad condition of the road. “We can't stand it anymore because we have been allowed to beat too much, this is a mynti. The government and NHAI have urged us to do something and come forward because we think about the problems faced by the people in coming and going. synjam.
“After this, she will also compete in the World Masters Championship in Sweden next year and we hope she will be able to play well by winning one gold and two bronze medals. Finland last year," he said.
On Saturday, the President of Raid Shabong, Bah Nikelson Khongmawloh, said and demanded that the Sordar of Raid Shabong and the groups involved should stop the competition and pay the fee. The group has spent less than Rs 5 lakh, even though it has received permission from the Pynursla sub division office.
It is because the Karbi or Assamese have been shot by the Khasi police and the Khasi are no longer allowed to live in Assam.
Yediyurappa was sworn in by Vajubhai Vala, Governor of Karnataka at Raj Bhavan this evening.
According to the letter, Pariat from the JHADC said that there are 191 jait kurs within the boundary of the Council.
The NNSSCC has also prepared a prize of 3 lakh tyngka for the second place team.
The Government has directed the CS and DGP to talk to and follow up with the Assam Government to ensure that there will be no more inconvenience to the border residents especially in relation to the movement of people from Assam. Shillong to Guwahati and from Guwahati to Shillong or other places should be safe.
On this day, a gathering of people at this place with placards to demand their issue.
In the U-7, Smit Grassroot Zebras beat the U-7, Laitkor Flamingos beat the U-9 and U-11 while in the U-12 they drew 2-2
Nick has arrived in Delhi and the preparations for the wedding are in progress and it is understood that the wedding will be held at Umaid Bhawan, Jodhpur on November will start from 29th November 2018 and after that, there will be a welcome for friends in Delhi and Mumbai.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Umtrew Circle through its President has demanded that the state government through the PWD department should clean up the road connecting the GS Road through Umtrew to Kyrdemkulai and others. the neighboring village.
Rana Rudra Pratap Singh will also prepare for his fight against South Korean Chang Ho Lee in Episode 4 on Sunday. in the heavyweight category.
They said that the suspect had committed illegal activities of the party under the supervision and guidance of another leader known as Ingba (Colonel).
Shillong, July 11: The Government of Meghalaya has issued an order ban ban the production and sale of chemicals such as nail polish remover, correction fluids and others. what kind of medicine.
On the occasion of the 77th Independence Day of India on the 15th of this month, the Director of the Institute, Dr VK Mishra, after the unveiling of the flag of the country, honored the guest house. The Institute was established in the name of Tirot Singh.
The last time PSPB won was at the Ranchi Nationals where Manika helped the team to win the title again by beating the Reserve Bank of India in a fierce match.
Speaking in detail on the state of education in the Chokpot area, the Minister said that the new building of the College will improve the quality of education in the area.
However, after the owner of the shop refused, the man threw a knife at her.
It was also suggested that any hand-held items should not be taken, but should be accepted as donations that can be obtained online, said a statement from MN Nampui, Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. .
On the allegation that he was the one who dissolved the Executive Committee led by the UDP in KHADC, Prestone said that he is not only an MDC but also an MDC in KHADC and the allegation of the UDP is unfounded. .
It is to be recalled that the Standing Committee on Personnel, Public Grievances, Law and Justice, which includes about 40 MPs from the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, visited Shillong last year in October and Bah Vincent H Pala, MP (Lok Sabha), Shillong, one of the members of the Committee, was also present at the meeting.
He said that this statement is only to threaten, but they will not reach the point of forming a rebellion because they want to force the government to protect the people on the border.
Shillong, July 20: A day before the celebration of the 44th Birthday of Meghalaya, the Meghalaya government has decided to increase the tax on those who live in the Municipal and this will include the water bill by T. per month, T.50 per month for garbage collection and T.10 per month for road maintenance.
However, the blue turning of the river has continued even after the NGT has banned coal mining. The blue turning of the river has increased this year, said the residents of the area.
“Why does the government hold a meeting with the media, the prime minister and the defense minister have failed,” said MLCU Vice Chancellor Robert G Lyngdoh.
The members are Samla Ktawbinson Mawkhiew, Samla Sto Dohling, Samla Tenlang Diengdoh, Samla Khlainborlang Majaw and Henry Diengdoh.
AICC President Rahul Gandhi has elected Mukul Sangma as the leader of the Congress MLAs.
Shillong: U Philomath Passah, 84, who holds a PhD in Economics from Gauhati University, is currently living in Laitumkhrah after retiring from teaching at NEHU.
Let us look at the life of the ancient Lyngngam:-The father and mother went to look for a field to farm which in the Lyngngam language is called “Wangmiangsar”.
The party said that these are not members of the party but they are only victims in the hands of the law enforcement agencies.
Police have registered a case under case number u/s 420/468/471 IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
This is exactly as if they don't want to steal from the masses for their own benefit.
“He said that the government, even in the midst of the difficulties faced by the government, does not leave the teachers behind. to improve the quality of schools not only in the construction of buildings but also in those things that are not obvious such as the construction of the skills of teachers and others.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) in charge of traffic in Shillong said that the police have been thinking and inspecting this road for a long time, but it has remained unused. an.
HITO, for example, on 25th November 2015, a policeman, was killed, after seizing 32 trucks at Patharkhmah, and on 20th October 2018, U On 8th November 2018, Agnes Kharshiing and Anita Sangma were bombed to death in East Jaintia Hills.
He said that the sudden storm in the village has caused a huge loss to these families and not only that many families have urgently needed assistance from the government because of their livelihoods. they were destroyed by this storm and became homeless.
He said that as soon as he got into the car, he ran away.
He also announced to provide T.20,000 to each VHC which works hard to support their activities.
We see only the struggle without turning.
Therefore, the KSU has given only two (2) days to the NHAI to repair all the affected areas along the road from Mynkre to Ratachera.
Many times the coal mine was filled with water and those working inside drowned.
When asked about the fasting of Muslims, Shabong replied that the fasting day is known as Ramdan and will last for six months.
“Under the leadership of the Congress party, new districts and blocks have been created to bring more democracy to the people. Ration distribution centers have been expanded and this should improve the reputation of the party's service,” she said.
He said that if they don't recognize that they are wearing masks or hoods, they can't be arrested. even when faces are not recognized.
“Pala said the party's goal is to get clean and unblemished candidates.
“We are confident that this change in the working methods will bring improvements and benefits to the working methods of MeECL in the future,” said the Minister.
“In this 'Prince Pres.
Regarding this awarding ceremony, Dr.C.Lyngdoh, on the part of Dr.C.Lyngdoh, expressed his gratitude to the Seng Longkmie of Umsning Proper-B, who have that vision for the to promote and encourage students to pursue further education.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Huroi Unit has urged the government and the only female leader of Jaintia Hills who is also the MLA of Sutnga Saipung, Santa Mary Shylla to provide assistance to these border villages especially in such cases. During the rainy season, motor vehicles are stopped and they cannot deliver food and beverages and agricultural products to the market.
He urged the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to look into this matter and the government to demand that the ILP should be implemented to protect the people from other ethnic groups.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the residents of the village, said that the residents themselves are no longer willing to help the vehicles that overturn in the area, because when they help, they suffer. accused of plotting to make money.
While waiting for the Vice Chancellor to leave the meeting, the students shouted slogans of condemnation to the Vice Chancellor and demanded the implementation of their demands.
In addition, as part of strengthening India-Bangladesh relations, the Governor visited the Indo-Bangladesh Maitri Dwar at Tamabil Border Check Post to meet with Bangladesh Border Guard officers. food also to them as a token of goodwill.
The report said the central government has allocated T.1 crore to set up a new DTL, which will be run by the state government with three Scientific Officers and four employees as directed by the Meghalaya government. The Central Government has allocated T.88.62 lakh in July
The Covid Management Committee has been set up to ensure that there is no violation of the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The Deputy Commissioner of EKHD, B.Ranee, Executive Magistrate & Incident Commander of Zone IV and DV. Lyngdoh, Executive Magistrate, Superintendent of Police, Zone IV and DMHO will be appointed as Medical Officers.
Ms. B Chyne, Subject Specialist (SMS) KVK East Khasi Hills was also present as the resource person to provide training on 'Integrated Pest Management of Vegetables' which damage vegetables and crops and how to prevent them.
According to the order issued by the MHA, only those who have urgent work, that is, only those related to health, can travel from one state to another. Well.
Speaking to reporters, Rishan Nongtri, Education Secretary RBYF, Sengkmie, said that the RBYF has given 24 hours to these companies to immediately provide the networks in the area. Especially for the school children, they have suffered a lot, because almost all the schools have to do online, while if the network is not enough, it has made it more difficult for them.
It is to be recalled that on the 6th of July, a similar incident happened in the nearby area when a group of Ardent M Basaiawmoit had gone to stand from Malki Square to the Secretariat at 10:00 pm. Today, it was learned that 10 policemen were injured in the stone throwing by the crowd and 5 of them were female policemen, but no It is not known how many people were injured.
On receiving a tip, 172 Bn BSF Meghalaya seized 200 bottles of Phensedyl while trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh across the border from East Jaintia Hills. Hills Meghalaya.
“Bah Phret is the leader of the Congress from Mawlaiteng but he cannot resign from the party because of the rule of law,” said Bah Phret in a statement. .
It cannot be denied that these villages have been neglected for decades.
I support the government's ban on fish.
Shillong, Lber 31: The government has collected T.6.30 crore from illegal vehicles and motorcycles for the past five years from 2012-2013 to 2016-2
He said that the introduction of the subject of peace and conflict in schools, colleges and universities will bring a new spirit to the youth to be inspired to build the country.
It is unbelievable that the growth of the population to some extent will be due only to the indigenous people but it is clear that this increase is due to foreigners who come to settle in this area. The state does not have enough laws to curb the illegal entry of mynder and foreigners.
The award was awarded to LUMPL after a thorough review by a special committee under the supervision of DGMS, Guwahati Region.
He said that the Garo friends from different villages have now decided not to go to Assam at all but to stay in Meghalaya.
Seeds, beans, cereals, tofu, milk and dairy products are rich in protein.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailur, 21: A sumo has fallen into a road near the bridge at one of the places on the evening of 19th November, Saitsnad, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
She said that as these couples have insulted and insulted her on social media, they should also apologize to her through the media.
The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has issued this warning after finding that most of the drivers and motorcyclists violate the rules of driving and enter the places where the Sign Board No. Entry.
GAVI will support these states to achieve this target within five years, from 2022 to
In the first leg, Sohmynting Dongnein beat Umshangiar 1-0 through Wanmi Kyndait in the 46th minute.
The court was hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by Thomas Passah on the issue of water supply in the state.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's condition is still unknown, but it is reported that he travels alone or with those close to him by train. armed with powerful weapons and traveling at a speed of 37 miles per hour.
There will also be a football game.
Speaking after watching the match, the Governor said he was pleased to be invited to witness the match, and recalled his association with the city in the past. which is the home of footballers in the country.
Dr. DRL Nonglait is a lecturer at NEHU and President of KAS who led and pushed for the recognition of the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution.
“I have sent a message to Bah Shangpliang to ask for the money but he has not responded and I have reminded him but he is silent,” she said.
The workers of the project have also had to stop, as the Assam police have not allowed them by telling them that if they continue to work, they will be arrested and taken to the police station for arrest.
They include Monjul Baruah for 'Anur' for Best Assamese Film; Biswajeet Bora for 'Boomba Ride' for Best Mishing Film and Romi Meitei for 'Eikhoigi Yum' for Best Manipuri Film.
This assistance will last until the recipients reach the age of 23 years.
Jammu and Kashmir police have seized two houses of residents of Gundpora-Rampora and Chittibanday of Bandipora district in North Kashmir for providing shelter to militants.
In this regard, the union has vowed to hold a surprise protest in these days in the city to turn to the Secretariat because the government does not believe in issuing the documents, said Bah. Starwin Treasury.
He urged everyone to practice Yoga in order to have a healthy body, a healthy mind and spiritual wealth.
“Only because of the inability to resolve the border issue in the border areas, the people have to face backwardness and many problems, therefore for the development of the villages in the areas. There has been a government agreement between the two states since 2008 and it is still in force,” said Dr. Donkupar.
From the candidates who have become MLAs, the people want to know what they have done in the last five years to meet all the needs of the people, not just the provision of households as seen in many constituencies.
If possible, fill this jar with water and pour a little olive oil into the jar.
He said that the visits to Japan and Indonesia will not be able to promote India in front of the leaders of those countries at such a time when its own country is in the middle of, say, the fire.
Shillong, March 27: The BJP Meghalaya has not yet decided whether to nominate a candidate for the Nongstoin by-election to be held on 21st November.
“We cannot do anything but if the government does not do anything we will have to take protest measures and we give seven days for the government to respond,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, expressed his satisfaction to see the people who attended the meeting and hoped that the people of 4-Mowkaiaw will give their support. The NPP will win the election in 2023 through its candidate Habahun Dkhar.
Dolloi Bah Puramon Kynjing said that the Behdienkhlam was held on the basis of celebration and dancing and according to the orders of Trekirot, it is to honor the blessings received from nature. the founders of the villages, to honor the village gods who take care of the villagers.
Expressing his concern over the state of education, he said that his election campaign is based on three goals namely to improve education in the rural areas, health facilities and agriculture. .
UDP MLA and Working President Bah Jemino Mawthoh said the party demands that the Minister of Electricity should resign as he has not been able to curb the power outage in the state.
Furthermore, reports said that the officer is currently trying to escape from the jail, but has not yet received bail.
He said that the demand for the implementation of the ILP should not undermine the purpose of protecting the indigenous people, but should prevent the infiltration of mynder, because all the victims have seen only the they shall enter, and shall not go out.
He said that the state spends T.2200 crore every year on grants to various schools and despite the huge allocation of funds and the focus on education, the state is still It needs to work hard to become one of the leading states in the field of education in the country.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to the Rangbah Shnong from the Myntri Shnong for setting up this day to inspect the Synrang Mawrin. Create beautiful sculptures so that people from all over the country can visit or eat lyer pyngngad in this place.
What is their contribution to society or to the state as a whole?
As a family we have nothing to repay, but only gratitude.
Our kings here collect taxes from the markets and from the goods that come out of this state and sell abroad.
First, it strengthens the plant, so that it will not fall even if it is blown away.
After that, they could no longer own it because it was given to others.
“Dad, I feel very sick... I just feel weak and tired.
The MNF also opposes the policies of the BJP which affect the people of Mizoram. residents of the state,” said Zoramthanga.
Vidya Bharati has launched a campaign to raise awareness on the NEP (New Education Policy) which will be issued from 11th September
Pronitha Ch Sangma, 4 feet 6 inches tall, was wearing a pink blouse at the time of her disappearance. ) and muffler color scheme.
It is like a Khasi wedding feast where you have to drink kyiad called wine.
Shillong: U Bah Daniel Nongrum, who is the prominent tyngshop of the state, today invited all the talented people to audition for the upcoming film. I'm going to call you Inspector Haban.
The KHNAM candidate is a retired chief officer of the Indian Forest Service and will contest against incumbent MP and Congress candidate Ma Vincent H Pala and MDA joint candidate Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
In addition, if the examinations have to be conducted during the curfew, the University authorities will discuss with the Education Department of the State Government to allow the students. To present only ID cards or Admit cards at the check points of Inter Districts without having to apply for Car Pass for travel.
The troops, who received information about the movement of the NSCN-K and the ULFA-I, launched an attack at one place, located in Oting village of Mon district, on the border between Nagaland and Myanmar.
When asked, the Leader said that the use of the power of money and property has increasingly undermined the meaning of the Constitution throughout India.
You have the Management and Editorial Staff & YouTube Channel Team.
The ED has also sent a letter to four of Moideen's accomplices in the incident, ordering them to leave for the team's headquarters in Kochi. asked the question on January 31st.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that the rejection of the MRSSA by the former Governor Tathagatha Roy at that time was because the former Governor said that the Amendment Bills may conflict with central government laws.
There are about 100 shops in Iewduh (Section A, B, C, D, E, F), in Bhoi and about 20 shops outside the state. 7 cases in Laitumkhrah, 9 or 10 cases in Ichamati-Majai and Shellaki, 10 cases in West and South West Khasi Hills, 5 cases in Umsohsun, 7 cases in Mawprem and 2 cases in Mawhati. , a total of more than 150 shops outside the state have been closed.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Voice of the People (VPP) on Tuesday strongly condemned the shooting death of Roningstar Nongkynrih by the Border Security Force (BSF) on Thursday evening. They demanded that the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) should investigate the incident.
At the same time, it was reported that the shelter can accommodate up to 40 children under the age of 18 years but some times have passed and some have not.
“You don't speak like that.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today sent a letter to the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB), Bah JN Nengnong demanding that the public announcement be suspended. The meeting was held on the 19th of this month at Bri Chyrnot.
The top four match will start today with the elimination round between Mission SC and Nongdawah SC at 2 pm.
“For the jobs that cannot be done by Khasi, the Dorbar Shnong will not issue NoC at all to do foreigners,” said Bah Mawrie.
“Even if the UDP withdraws from the ARPA just because we don't support the candidate of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, we will not lose anything because we have decided to support Pastor Basaiawmoit,” said Bah Nongrum.
“Of course we appreciate the initiative taken by the government to conduct such examinations in Jaintia Hills for the first time, but we are deeply saddened by the mistake which has affected about 400 students. students appearing for this examination.
Furthermore, the leaders of the Nongstoiñ Area Unit, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the decision of the party, by alleging that the party has accepted without following the right path. The Nongstoiñ Area Unit said that Bah LG Nongsiej, until the moment the HSPDP received the letter, is still a member and leader of the PDF and has not resigned from the PDF. He said that the HSPDP is a party that welcomes anyone who wants to join the party but when accepting it should not be accepted blindly or slowly, but should be well thought out and well founded. these, especially the activities of the party in the future.
The hundreds of supporters were welcomed by NPP East Khasi Hills leaders led by NPP Women's Wing President P Nongpluh and party candidate Alan West Kharkongor.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, praised the PHC and said that after listening and observing the performance of the PHC, it has the right to earned a reputation as the best PHHC in the entire state.
According to sources, police have arrested one member of the party from Jaiaw Langsning and another from Umbir village, Ri Bhoi District.
The ethnic parties themselves need to unite again if we look at the voting pattern of the people.
It is not long before the kyrshah jain will become just a handkerchief in this age.
The new office bearers were appointed by SS Niangti CEC Member in the presence of Cherity Suja, General Secretary, Nangai Sutnga, Return Passah, Member of KSU Laskein Circle and others. .
In Punjab and Haryana, it will be able to cooperate with the coalition of ethnic parties if they do not cooperate with the NDA or UPA. that it shall not be able to form a government or to hold power.
It means that he does not allow his fellow man to judge or remove him from the group or from any part of the Lord's field. lest we should not be ashamed of the wheat.
“We have not decided whether to give a new name or not,” said Dr Mukul when asked about the Mawlai Block.
Shillong, Naitung 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has sent a letter to the Union Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan, requesting him to promote and include the Khasi and Garo languages. Alternative English in the National Common Entrance Test (NCET) exam.
There were only 3 deaths because the drug was stopped.
“We have many unemployed youth and it is hoped that in the next few years they will be able to find jobs even in Japan and Thailand where there is still a shortage of nurses.
The Committee said that the rally will start from Dongiurim and end at Mynsngat Market with a public meeting.
The Government of India, which has just opened in Mawdiangdiang, has not issued any announcement in the newspapers in Shillong, but has issued an announcement in the Employment News. 212 persons for the post of Staff Nurse.
The two-day festival will end tomorrow, 4th June and the organization invites all the young men and women to take part in this festival to thank God.
The Forum sent its condolences to the family members of the policeman and urged the insurgents to stop their terrorist activities in the state.
With this explanation, a group of journalists were shocked and started to go to some villages and maybe this explanation of this man may be true because many of them have said so, but They said that the NPP and UDP are still as strong as they were before 27th June, but they believe that the Congress has gained more power than before the postponement of the elections.
Therefore, remember that this special work of the Jaidbynriew, and which has been blessed by God, has been the source of development for the Jaidbynriew, and that if the Tang Jait did not exist, the Khasi Jaidbynriew would have long since fallen into disrepair. the dark clouds of wonder and despair.
Romans 11:1
Santiniketan Kala Bhavan Praktoni, the Union of Senior Barbers of Santiniketan has joined hands to showcase the talents of the youth of the state who wish to work and develop themselves as skilled barbers.
The reason is that Nongpoh is the Head Quarter of the District and the National Highway-6 is also the road connecting many states. The injured were taken to Shillong and Guwahati due to lack of medical equipment.
Speaking to the people of the area in all these three villages, Aicifull K.Musulman said, “I request you to try to support the women in this This is the Rambrai constituency.
“I request and I am pleased and I will continue to tell myself and the ethnic parties that there should be an understanding even if we don't have cooperation when we discuss any issues of the Jaitbynriew,” said Bah Pangniang.
These journalists spoke to journalists from Shillong where they discussed their experiences in these two states.
“The VPP urges the committee to take six months to complete this task,” said the VPP leader. Syngkon also congratulated the CM for fulfilling his promise to set up an expert committee to review the policy.
Ardent Basaiawmoit, leader of the HSPDP, the largest ethnic party in the KHADC, said that James Sylliang had come himself to propose to support the ethnic parties and no information had been received. His departure from the ARPA was only reported in the newspapers.
These problems that the nation is going through should be discussed during the elections.
This includes 7.5 kilos of heroin seized in 2022, 16.3 kilos in 2023 and nearly 1 kilo of heroin seized in July and June 2024 alone.
The Central Library, NEHU, Shillong in collaboration with the IASLIC, Kolkata on Friday held the 29th IASLIC National Seminar at the Multi Use Convention Hall, NEHU Campus.
Shillong, July 17: The Meghalaya government has allocated T.25 crore for the installation of electricity for about 300 solar lights under the Green Scheme. City Project (GCP) in which these street lights will be installed throughout Shillong.
Conrad said the Meghalaya Government has been in regular talks with the Assam Government regarding the incident in Khanduli.
Tickets can be obtained from the venue.
And if we are asked whether we will win in these battles, the answer is, “We will win if we want.
It is therefore important to take measures to ensure that all pharmacies in the district sell X or H drugs without proper prescription from doctors.
The team from the state, which has participated in various categories such as sub Juniors, Juniors, Seniors men and women, ELITE, has won 49 medals from the tournament.
In the past, many Khasi elders who were still in their traditional religion had advanced in many ways, but regardless of religion, they used to discuss and discuss any information about customs and traditions. and traditional religion.
However, it was said that these three persons did not say anything about holding elections at that time but came to announce that the new President of the party in the state has already been elected and they also sought the approval of the party. The leaders of the party including President Ban Khlur Lyngdoh and said that they want the name of the party to be proposed by Bah Khlur himself who is the President.
Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem was the chief guest.
The sper driver of the truck NL01G-5115, Eyoudcious Dkhar, from Rymbai village, was shot dead by a Lyngka. Batskhlem took 4500 rupees to flee.
Banshanlang Rngad, 32, of Wahumkhrah, has been found dead in Wahumkhrah, while Ambrose Lyngdoh, 32, has been injured in the accident. The victim was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
After this defeat, Meghalaya will now prepare for the match against Nagaland which will start on November
The Minister said that on 16/10/20, the Atomic Mineral Directorate (AMI) visited the site at Nongbah Jynrin and according to the report, to the government that the uranium waste dump, the uranium mining site and the village are free from uranium waste.
The Program assists in capacity building within NEIGRIHMS by initially training the faculty on quality and accreditation in hospital care services.
Leaders of the two organizations, while talking to reporters, said that the leaders of the PWD officers have also promised that for those land which is not sufficient, they will order the contractor to build the road. provide.
Speaking to reporters, the President of NEHU Students' Union (NEHU) said that the NEHU authorities have promised to provide buses to the students from next month. read.
Bandary said the CoRP will soon conduct a search operation on the roads to find these coal trucks as this will affect the owners and traders of coal in the state.
The train left Haryana on 22nd June, 2020 and was carrying more than 90 Meghalayans.
In a meeting with the media, the Chief Minister of Mizoram said that Amit Shah will come to inaugurate the new office building at Zokhawsang village – a village about 10 miles away. 15 km from Aizawl city.
Torture in prisons and at the hands of the police is still happening in our society these days.
Since this year, the KYWM has lodged several complaints with the EE of PWD (Rds) after the construction of the road. Jowai Central Division and also the Junior Engineer (JE) in charge of the construction of the road, against the dumping of the soil into the Myntdu River, it was found that only one JCB was dug. The contractor did not transport the soil by truck dumper to the landfill of M/s DCC. The DCC and the negligence of this office have severely affected the Myntdu River especially the Mupiah reservoir dam of the EE PHE (Elect) Jowai office, which distributes water to households in Jowai.
He said that the department has implemented many schemes in the area to improve the environment in collaboration with the villagers.
The Seng also said that the government authorities have been involved in the killing of leaders through fake encounters.
The meeting was attended by Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh, Khanduli MDC Dawan Lyngdoh, Ummulong MDC Jesse Suiam and other MDCs.
Under the leadership of Prof Shankhar Shukla, NEHU has launched the FYUP Scheme and NEP 2020, with the goal of achieving quality education, according to the times. clearly now, in students.
There are many types of environmental destruction, including the looting of mineral resources, the killing of wildlife, the destruction of trees and the deforestation.
“These will create problems and destroy and endanger the Sixth Schedule and our society and our rights.
He explained in more detail about this by giving examples of the role of this program in initiatives like Swachh Bharat, Beti Bachao Beti Padhao and Har Ghar Tiranga which turned into mass protests through Mann Ki Baat.
The fire broke out in Shyrkhei and extinguished the fire. As soon as they received information about this, the fire brigade immediately rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
Until now, in general, the cleanliness of the households is still prevalent in some Khasi households, but there are also many people who have started to destroy their society by cleaning and cleaning the garbage. all around the communities in the community.
In this incident, the driver of the truck, identified as sin ku mu Bahdeng, fled the scene and left behind the truck.
The BJP is the most disciplined party in India.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma and Acting Chief Justice of Meghalaya, Justice T Nandakumar Singh have inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of the District and Sessions Judge Court of West Garo Hills. In the presence of Meghalaya High Court Judge Justice SR Sen and others at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Tura.
Ernest said that Hek and the members of the Committee will monitor all the schemes that come from the Central Government, whether it is for the implementation of the State Government or the District Government. Council.
The birds and animals that God created are on the verge of extinction because of human actions.
“Do you mean you used to be very close or still...?” Hep asked again.
“We are very grateful to the Priests, Religious, Church Workers and all the faithful who have dedicated their bodies and souls to the advancement of the Holy Church of God.
After this he will destroy not only the Jews in 3 and a half years but the whole world.
Speaking on the occasion, the FKJGP expressed the same problems faced by the country such as the influx of foreigners and the border issues.
He said this on the demand of the HYC, HANM, EJNC, JSM and CORP to amend the Reservation Policy.
On the same day, the Prime Minister also inaugurated three railway lines including Jiribam (Manipur) to Silchar (Assam), Bhairabi (Mizoram) to Silchar (Assam), Kamakhya-Vaishno Devi Katra Express Train.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has found out this through the applications issued by the MPSC on 25th June,
Shillong, July 28 : The 75th Republic Day was celebrated in Pynursla Civil Sub-Division with the participation of schools and colleges from the area. on July 26, 2024.
Regarding this, the union said that they had lodged a complaint at Raliang Police Station but as the police officers of Raliang are not yet skilled in the law and cannot accept the FIR, the union said. She immediately lodged a complaint at the SP office in Jowai.
He said that the smuggling of these items has been like an insult to the brothers and sisters of West Khasi Hills especially the women, so it will not be allowed at all.
Forty-three members were also elected.
New Delhi: West Bengal Education Minister Partha Chatterjee was arrested by the Enforcement Directorate today after seizing Rs 20 crore from his house. His friend Arpita Mukherjee's residence is over corruption in the recruitment of teachers in the state.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi (HYC) has found that many of these foreigners have been involved in various jobs in Ri Bhoi Sepngi. They were led by village leaders and government employees.
The third method is used for better dumasla.
The meeting was conducted by DN War, MFS, while SR Shullai, Range Forest Officer, I/C Jowai Wildlife Range, Jowai delivered the welcome speech.
It is only the Prime Minister who has brought this out of the House – he (Henry) should send a legal notice to the Prime Minister,” said Dr Sangma.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, M Kharkrang, said that in fact, the police did not arrest the protesters and did not use any weapons such as sticks as the protest was called by the women's groups. , but sadly, some of those who took part in the protest threw stones until the police were seriously injured.
On the CPF and DCRG for Non Govt.
It is sad to say that the owners have protested, the workers who earn clean snier, pharia doh, who work for the slaughter of cows have died.
The stadium was constructed with the District Mineral Foundation Trust (DMF) at a cost of T.2.5 crore and Kyrmen Shylla with a donation of T.20 lakh.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Home (Passport, Revenue and Disaster Management Department) as the Chief Guest. , MCS, Addl.Deputy Commissioner, EJH, Dr.Dominic Shylla, District Medical & Health Officer, Dr.B.Decruse, Project Director of MACS and Dr.L.Myrthong, Deputy Director (Medical) MACH among others.
Saul was also a zealous Jew who persecuted the followers of Jesus Christ and other non-Jews.
“Only because I asked him for food, he sent his wife to threaten her and she alleged that on the 4th of this month, Lyngkhoi's wife, Melita Pakma, who lives in Mookyndeng together with three others came to her shop and beat her and then cut off her hair and stole her gold bag and T. thousand dollars with her shop.
The investigation is ongoing to track down those involved and he said that the mobile phones will be returned to their owners once the requirements of the law have been met.
The tournament was concluded with the awarding of prizes to the winners and losers, as well as the awarding of individual prizes to the winners. to play well in the tournament.
“Now the amendment to the Sixth Schedule will come in Parliament, if we don't participate in the amendment, if Parliament brings it now, who will look after our welfare and interests in the culture, the ground," he said.
He said police have recovered a 30 meter long wire used to detonate the bomb from the scene.
Now we understand that the District authorities of Them Barak, have agreed to issue the Scheduled Tribe Certificate, but as it happens, it shows that this is an act that we cannot accept. In the past nine years, there has been a shortage of employment, education and even in residence, if they want to return to Ri Khasi Jaintia and this means that these 2 lakh people , has the intention to temporarily recognize them only in Assam and later, to withdraw, as it is not the order of the Government.
The AMSA, which has been given the opportunity to participate in the 37th National Games to be held in Goa, has requested the Sports Department of the State and the MSOA to include Sqay as one of the sports to be held in Goa. He has been recognized by the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) for the upcoming Meghalaya Games in Tura, Garo Hills this year.
The GTF also demanded an inquiry against the officers who have allowed such illegal constructions and also to immediately demolish and remove all types of buildings along the Thangsniang River especially between the The boundary of Nongrimbah and Nongrim Hills.
“We want to win a lot this election to lead the government and for that reason we are ready from now on,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
Insults are a violation of the dignity of a young woman and are against the law and the right of a person to live as she pleases.
They expressed their gratitude to the removal of plastic bags and said that they would be happy if plastic bags could be banned, as it is a source of pollution.
The Union will therefore decide whether to approve or reject the decision of the state government to provide a salary of up to T.3,000 under the new scheme, the Community Based Health Incentive Scheme (CHIS). ".
The MBoSE authorities have directed the officers at each examination center to ensure the smooth running of the examination.
The winners of the elite half marathon (over 18 years) will receive Rs 10 lakh.
In the fourth match, Padu Secondary School beat Marianhill H/S School 3-0
Besides running this shop, the VO also ensures the cleanliness of Kynshi Mawria Village by cleaning the village and removing plastic twice a month.
Khliehriat, July 17: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday unveiled the statue of one of the heroes of Jaintia Hills, Woh Tep Kyndiat. at Tuber Kmai village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Daniel 11:40-41 Likewise, the king of the north will come against Israel, which means Russia and its allies.
According to AMPSTA General Secretary FC Shullai, there is a deficit of more than 32,000 teachers from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary.
Nongstoiñ: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Langpih Area Unit, together with members of the FKJGP, West Khasi Hills, today met with the SP. HG Lyngdoh to oversee the construction of the Police Outpost building at Langpih.
In the first leg of the tournament, Officers XI beat Chief Minister XI 7-4
“At the time of the establishment of the Health Recruitment Board, the recruitment of doctors which had been delayed for five years, could be completed in only three months with the establishment of this new Board,” he added.
L Passah scored 24', DC Sayoo 27', P Lamare 59' and C Suchiang 65'.
The Principal also expressed her gratitude to all those who came to help the school especially to the Rangbah Shnong, the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong Mission Compound, women's organizations, youth and all the residents of the school. The villagers who came to help and rescue the children who are staying in the hostel at the school.
Replying to a question by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, Dr Mukul said that if the police go to raid the places where cows are smuggled, it is like insulting them. merchants in the state.
“The initiative taken by the Vietnamese government and its citizens has been able to transform the country through the hard work of local entrepreneurs through the government's policy.
Regarding the issuance of slips, it was decided to issue one slip per truck by bringing it with the truck in front of the party office in Tahkhniang because most of the time when taking slips without a truck causes confusion and misuse of slips.
On the other hand, Olivertwis Marngar, a youth from Umyiap, said that there are cases where women with two bodies have had to face grief and lose their precious lives, just because of the delay. to reach health facilities due to lack of traffic.
It is truly pleasing to the love of God, only if a person obeys the Word of God and walks in the paths of the teachings of His Word.
On the non-response of the MLAs to the Showcase, Ampareen said that the five MLAs do not feel the need to respond because “We feel that we have already discussed many times, met and discussed on this issue”. .
There will also be an increase in the number of seats in KATC, DHATC, GHATC, KHATC and JHATC. District Councils in these states.
The winners of this competition were as follows:- For Men (Open Category) 1st – Mudang Omo (Assam Rifle), 2nd – Krestarjune Pathaw (Umthlong Nongthliew), 3rd – NP Singh (Assam Rifle).
“If I win, as the KHNAM candidate, I will fight to strengthen the district council, to get the Scheduled Tribe certificate because as it is now, the ST certificate has been issued by the Deputy Commissioner who is not the owner of the land,” he said. Sawkmie.
The UDP candidate, Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 20, 2013 was attended by the people from all over the Mawsynram Constituency including parents, youth and women. Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 20: “I am a leader who is more wonderful than others, because others if they win you will see if they don't win you will not see anymore.
The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has said that due to the government's failure to listen to their demands, they have had to take the path of holding the largest mass rally in The state government on 30th March in Shillong to send a strong message that the government should implement their demands.
The meeting was attended by the BDO of Mawryngkneng Block, Bah A. Mukhim, MCS and the Officer in Charge of Mawryngkneng Block.
It will cost £90 to approve for citizenship in the country, which is in the air and it is said that there are now people from 200 different countries and states, who have been approved to If this works, Asgardian will be one of the 172 countries, which will be the most populous country.
In connection with this death or sleep, there are two other kinds of resurrections, such as those of Daniel and John.
However, it is true that the psalmist sings, 'The more you seek peace, the more difficult it becomes.
This shows that in Assam, there is a lot of illegal immigration.
He said that who can encourage other youths who live in the city are the children from Maram who go to Shillong to set up their own businesses by working as daju transporters to Shillong to set up khapshniuh shops, to clean niud. In the city, many young students who go to Shillong to work as daju, housekeepers and shopkeepers who have a higher degree are not able to work in any job. you are honor you don.
According to the verdict of the court, the youth was sentenced to imprisonment for up to 20 years under the POCSO Act and 5 years under Section 366 of the IPC. The suspect was tried by Sanjay Hazarika, Judge of the High Court.
Today, the District Administration has come to check whether there are any violators of the order announced for the Motphran Bridge and for several hours the patrol police have been waiting in front of the two bridges. to enter the bridge to check for any violations, but at the time of writing, the construction of the bridge has continued smoothly and there have been no violations of the law. order.
A group of Rangbah Shnongs under the banner of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong to agree that the government should inform the The group has opposed the introduction of the CAB by the central government as it will affect the minorities in the state and the North East as a whole.
“I told her that at 4 pm that day and she said that she had been insulted a lot and she said that she had talked to the teachers, but they didn't listen.
Therefore, the KSU members' visit to remove the sign was a sign of protest against the illegal placing of these signs in the area which still falls within the border of Meghalaya.
Such assistance will be offered to other states in the region as well and even to preserve the environment,” said Saito.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Witting Mawsor said that it is very difficult to create smart villages or people in the rural areas of the state where the development and life of the villagers is deteriorating. different from the villagers.
The NPP has also demanded that the Prime Minister and the Defense Minister should immediately visit the victims, said a statement issued by James K Sangma.
According to the CAG, during the four years of operation from 2002 to 2005, the company should have paid T.54.08 crore to the state government but it has paid only T. .19 crore and Rs 35.08 crore remains to be paid.
Members of the group also urged the residents to pay their electricity bills of MeECL exactly. , Dr DD Lapang congratulated the MDA government for working hard from the beginning to address the issues in the state.
However, the NDA government's plan to enact the UCC will have a serious impact on non-Hindu communities especially Muslims and those who believe in religions from outside India.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll free No.1697, lane to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
I don't want to go too far if the road is opened I will stop driving a taxi if the state government of Meghalaya opens the road for us Meghalayans because there are many people who don't have enough jobs.
According to the official, the German team has been involved in many countries around the world to help develop this policy.
“Foreigners want to rule here to attack you through NRC, CAA, bullets and violence, don't allow this.
On the other hand, the Government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts who have coal mines to shut down the illegal coal mines as directed by the Government.
“The government will not abolish this scheme but will continue. This suspension is only due to the temporary lack of funds.
The government may convene another meeting of religious leaders after the end of July to review the decision according to the weather conditions at that time,” he said. u Rgh PD Nongrum.
When they are a little older, they can be fertilized with tyrso seed fertilizer or any other fertilizer available; and it shall be cleansed with fire.
Shillong: TWE (True Works Enterprise) Music School, Mawngap Mawsmai, will celebrate its 7th Anniversary on 19th March 2019 at St. Paul's Hr Sec. .School Mini Stadium Marbisu from 2:00pm to 8:00pm.
Revelation 3:15-1
KSU War Jaintia Circle President Laitphar Syngkrem, President Girls' Wing Ladaplyne Hayong, General Secretary Lurman B Talang and other members of the KSU have arrested three foreigners. without proper documents and illegally residing in Amlarem.
Then inform the police and the Electrical Inspector.
In ancient times, if a Dkhar woman or a Dkhar man married to a Khasi lived in Khasi soil, they could become Khasi.
In 2023-24, the state has lost Rs 800 crore.
According to information received, these three persons were coming from a Scooty and a mortor bike and two persons were arrested at Byrnihat and another person who escaped from Byrnihat was arrested. by the Nongpoh Police Station.
Meghalaya is now 47 years old and looking back on 47 years ago Meghalaya has improved significantly in the number of roads.
“Murderers and perpetrators have been awarded President Medals or State Medals in the state while officers who work honestly are beaten like football or killed,” said Agnes Kharshiing.
And to eliminate the demand for money and the distribution of money during such elections.
The residents of the neighboring villages as well as the patients at the CHC said that the well needs to be repaired immediately to ensure the safety of the CHC building and the neighboring houses.
It is the duty of the Government to extend its hands to support and assist the residents of Salonsar in the field of health and medical care.
Speaking at the meeting and explaining the grounds and works of Bah Hamlet, he said that as soon as he saw that Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit came to campaign for Bah Ronney, he was encouraged and determined to get the election. Ardent's victory was not won by the candidates who campaigned for the election.
The Congress, as the oldest political party in Meghalaya, has its own right to think about how to overthrow the government from the MDA in the upcoming elections. come.
We urge the Dorbar Shnong, Religious Groups, Churches and NGOs as well as the Government authorities to raise awareness among the public through posters or leaflets and social media (not at meetings). public) how to protect yourself from this disease.
The union said that as it is the most backward district, the government should send schemes to the Ribhoi area, especially roads, hospitals, government schools and other benefits. public.
The FKJGP has donated 10,000 tyngka for his educational needs.
The government's response to the death of (L) Bah Che has spread within a year at Mukhroh, West Jaintia Hills recently.
Out of the grant of Rs 385.71 crore from the Central Government for the year 2017-2022, the ADCs have been able to hand over to the UCs only Rs 129.63 crore (34%) of the grant. State Finances Audit Report of the Comptroller & Auditor General of India for the year ended October 31, 2022.
He also reminded that the Khasi youth are not lacking in intelligence and ideas to achieve their goals like other ethnic groups, but we have skilled, intelligent and united youth. KSU has taken steps to select the students of the KSU, but we don't have the spirit of fighting and there are young people who are very talented but the opportunity is not open. They are qualified to send abroad for training in various civil service examinations so that the youth of the jaidbynriew can hold the shabuk in the rule of law in this country.
Furthermore, this song does not contain any words that are insulting or insulting.
However, the SP declined to elaborate on the reasons for the incident, saying that the department will issue a statement after the SIT has submitted its investigation report.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that he is delighted to be able to open this shop for Sohphan and said that such shops will not be opened. The government will try to open other farms for the production of soh and jhur varieties in the state, as the people have not yet benefited. from the fruits and vegetables that have been harvested because they cannot be sold or eaten.
“Whoever is involved in the money, it will be the duty of the police to investigate and arrest and prosecute according to the rules of law,” said Bah Paul. The police will have to submit a report to the committee so that everything can be seen clearly to ensure that the working methods of the government are accountable.
We must respect and love our neighbors and especially the poor, as the Word of God says, “Love your neighbor as yourself and honor your father and mother, for your days will be prolonged” which is also one of the shiphew commandments that as Christians we need to remember.
Traffic is no longer possible, all along the National Highway 6 there are potholes.
“Jaintia Hills is a country that can produce many kinds of goods, but without rynsan it will create problems for local entrepreneurs because there are no more programs like exhibitions and trade fairs,” said Bah Pearlet Toi, General Manager District Commerce. Center Industries.
"Was it not necessary for Jesus, the Messiah, to suffer these things and thus enter into glory?"
" said Lano's father while greeting Bahdeng.
"We direct that the writings of the HNLC or any organization that affect the peace and order of the people and violate the rights of the residents such as curfew, night road blockade, to hold rallies illegal shall not be published in the media,” the Court ordered.
Lukashenko, who has been in power for 26 years, has been strongly accused by the people of the country of holding power without the consent of the people.
Residents of the area said that the children died a few days after they collided with the tree while fleeing from the man and due to severe injuries, all 3 patients died in the middle of treatment.
Shillong: The Farmers Union today sent a letter to the Director General of Police, Meghalaya to request the department to purchase separately the jhur and marrep grown in the state.
“Rhea Chakravorty's bail has been rejected.
God delivered Israel from the bondage of man to sin and Satan through His Son, Jesus Christ.
“As part of expediting the implementation of the information received, police teams have been deployed to conduct thorough patrols in all parts of the district and set up checkposts for to arrest them," Singh said.
They immediately informed the owner of the house and the owner of the house to the police.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 26: In commemoration of the 5th Anniversary of the passing away of (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who passed away on 26th November 2016, the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) The party has held a memorial service at Langpih on Tuesday, the 26th, at the site of the erection of a monument to the founder of the party and the leader to demand a full state.
“The intelligent youths who are intelligent when they reach the personal interview will not pass at all but those who have relationships with the authorities will pass,” he said.
Arpit of Nongmensong CC scored more than 100 runs to help the team win by 7 wickets.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa IPS, today said that the suspect who was charged with the murder of this man has been arrested and remanded for three years. days after the authorization by the court for the purpose of conducting the inquiry.
According to the complaint, Maikel alleged that there was no attempt to smuggle coal without permission or without permission from Gasuapara.
After the meeting with the Chief Minister, Ampareen said that they discussed the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya and she said that now, they have cooperated up to 110 percent and The MDA government has appealed to the people to accept their decision and support the MDA government. The elections to the Legislative Assembly are not far away and in 2023 we will have to elect a new one. to the Public Servants or MLAs to lead, make laws, make policies and advocate for the welfare, income and rights of the people, to rebuild life and society.
The four MLAs who had earlier promised to attend Modi's meeting include Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek, Justine Dkhar and Robinus Syngkon.
Due to two threats facing us now, the search for asylum of 40 lakh non-Indians found in Assam, have fled to Meghalaya as medical seekers or treated at NEIGHRIMS early this morning. and every day they came by bus from Assam; After the Parliament passes the CAB, it is up to us to demand the removal of this Governor who does not understand this right. The Constitution of India gives us a minority, we Khasi-Pnar and Garo are not only minorities but we are the ones who will lose our race because of our clean marriage with them. heh-paid is almost like a plague! Therefore, we cannot demand a Governor who is not communal and anti-constitutional but pro-tribal and constitutional.
The NGT has handed over the ban to the Supreme Court for consideration.
Others who were sworn in with Sangma were Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Comingone Ymbon and James Sangma from the NPP. Hamlet Dohling, UDP, Metbah Lyngdoh, Lahkmen Rymbui and Kyrmen Shylla.
Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R said that the meeting was encouraging as the reply of the Prime Minister was that he would look into the matter and discuss it at the three Cabinet meetings.
The new cases include EGH: 29 (Others), EJH: 09 (Others), EKH: 183 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force —04, Others-179), NGH: 35 (Others), RBD : 06 (Others), SGH: 06 (Others), SWGH: 15 (Others), SWKH: 43 (Others), WGH: 90 (Others), WJH: 71 (Others) and WKH: 27 (Others) There are 526 recoveries.
Bah Renikton expressed the hope that through the opening of this place, more tourists will come and invited the people from all over the country and especially those who are interested in tourism from all over the world. All over the country and also to those from outside the state to witness with their own eyes the beautiful tourist attractions in South West Khasi Hills District.
The Central Police Hospital in Dhaka has been facing difficulties in receiving and treating all these patients, the report said.
He said the ID card is more important but the government can advise the political parties to reconsider.
According to the complainant, on the permits issued by the State Government, some persons without authority have mined coal without permission and sold it to people in Bangladesh or even abroad. dewbilat industries located in the State and to the neighboring State.
At 7:25 pm, police have seized a taxi driven by a woman named Chonglalsang Simte from Lumpyngngad East Khasi Hills and a scooty. Joni Boron of Sundarpur Assam together with a woman named Lalnuntluangi of Durtlang Aizawl have been arrested. Lalnuntuangi's plate is covered with plastic.
From the investigation by the reporters, it was seen that these areas on the Meghalaya-Assam border, have been very quiet and not a single shop was open or even people came out on the road. One of the clearest witnesses was at 15mer Byrnihat, a market area on the border with Assam, but it was found that the area had been deserted without anyone seeing it. the man who did not leave the road.
Shillong: After more than a month of closure of the Iewduh, on the 18th July 2021, various shops in the Iewduh have reopened according to the dates scheduled for them.
It is also the time when the candidates and their parties take the opportunity to raise the voice of their supporters especially the poor and the needy who are more difficult to achieve. get the benefit of those who get the book.
When asked about the decision to suspend the Reservation Policy until the Reservation Policy has been reviewed, the Minister said that the Reservation Policy should continue as there are many youths who have applied for Government jobs. They are getting older and it is a loss for those who are looking for Government jobs if the employment stops.
The singer has offered to sell a mansion in Spain where she used to live with Pique and wants to move to Miami where many of her relatives and her mother and father are in this village.
In the last dorbar, the plan of the ethnic parties to remove the CEM from KHADC failed due to the absence of HSPDP MDC from Mawthadraishan Blanding Warjri and also the absence of UDP MDC. Equator Nongrang from Mairang and KHNAM MDC Adelbert Nongrum on the occasion.
Replying to Pynshngaiñ's reply that he needs to send the Utilization Certificate urgently so that another donation will not stop, Grace said that the amount received is T.33 crore but he needs to send UC. “Where has the extra money gone?” said Grace, who said that there was no information from the CEM in the EC when the UDP and HSPDP came to work with the government. The PDA has also accused the MDCs of the UDP and HSPDP of saying that they themselves went to tied the table on the T.28 crore but now they have turned away and went to work with them. he.
The union said that in fact the MLA should have strongly opposed this action of the contractor.
Shillong, Jymmang :The YMCA Shillong has held a ceremony to honor the students who have completed the six month DCA course at the YMCA Computer Training Centre. Most Revd Dr Purely Lyngdoh, while presenting the special award to Carl Sagan Ch Momin, said; 'Now the door is open for students who have more detailed knowledge in computer science because they are more advanced compared to others who have completed only the graduate degree.
On the 28th of March, Ri-Bhoi Police led by SI PK Lyngdoh, SI B Khymdeit, WPC O Jala and Bah Donbok Maiong, President of HYC Umden Circle, raided the child. The police said that the girl was in trouble and she was able to leave the house with the help of the Maharashtra Police.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) also requested all the beneficiaries under the NFSA to send their Aadhaar numbers to their respective ration shops so that they can run smoothly through the ration shops. e-POS device.
Although neither the candidate nor the leaders in the state have been able to speak to the media, the Chief Minister has said on Twitter that he has not been able to speak to the media. “As President, Draupadi Ji will lead a new India, she is a hope for the minorities, for women and she will continue to inspire the communities that small in India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said, “The government has made many efforts in these years to encourage this form of self-government in the state. by encouraging the youth to turn to this field and to see their ability to work in any field in which they are talented, and also to help meet their needs.
Nongpoh: U Bah Pynshngain N.Syiem, Deputy CEM of KHADC, today confirmed Bah Linus Lyngdoh as the Lyngdoh of the Raid Nongpoh. He was elected as a Lyngdoh in the election held on the 3rd July this year.
Two persons, Rohit Kshiar (14) of Mawlat and Kong Dilibon Tangsang (35) of Mawkria, have lost their lives in the earthquake in Mawlat. life after the landslide swept them away as they journeyed.
It is alleged that the letters that arrive are not delivered but are kept in the village shops and from the shops they inform those who should receive them because in the villages they don't know whose letter it is. shops are the same as those who should not receive.
(i) During the election period, no ballot paper shall be released within the time limited, as prescribed in Article 126 of the Public Service Act. , 1951 (Representative of People Act- 1951).
She expressed her gratitude to all those who took part in organizing this programme.
you have been bought.
Shortly after, the police guarding the House, arrested 12 protesters for insulting themselves by entering the House.
The powers of the Election Commission cannot be counted, except for a special hearing and it is the duty and responsibility of the Government to provide all the necessary facilities for the conduct of elections in the country.
Nongstoiñ, June 07: The signing of a social border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, without considering the recommendations of the Regional Committees on Border Dispute and the urgent action of the government, is impossible. Former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said at a meeting held at Malangkona Higher Secondary School in Siminaguri on Tuesday.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The Annual School's Week 2022 was concluded today with the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College Dr. Phervision Nongtdu as the chief guest.
“Priyanka is a very strong candidate and we have seen in the last elections that people have seen the image of Indira Gandhi on her and she can also attract Thomas, who has won again from Ernakulum constituency in Kerala, said.
In East Khasi Hills District, 12,056 youths have registered for employment, 17 have been employed and 13,649 have not yet been employed.
The opportunity for the Khasi Jaintia Hills District, which has 47 seats, is still being divided into groups that cannot stand up to lead the state to the goal of development. in your own country.
This causes pollution and affects the feelings of the people because whoever cannot tolerate pollution, it also affects their health.
Not only that, it was also seen that the District Council, has been saying that foreigners, if they want to come back to Ri Khasi, they should go and ask permission from the Council. , which is suitable for speculation, while not being able to actually work.
However, the General Secretary of the PDF, Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang, insisted that the PDF is a party that is still alive and has not yet been destroyed.
KHNAM said that Surajit's appointment has come as a surprise.
The government has dismissed the DG (Prisons) Kulbir Krishen from the department even though in fact he has already ordered an inquiry into the incident.
The child has lodged a complaint that she has been living with the woman for about 10 years and alleged that she has been raped by her besides running a private business.
He urged the students to Manipur and their parents and family members not to be discouraged or afraid, the central government and neighboring state governments, and others to provide all the necessary facilities for their return. only state.
Sources said that these Assam officials including the Ranger Officer, DFO, Engineers and others have planned to visit Mawsikar and Kyrdum villages to inspect the land. .
Markus M Thaiang April 1, 2021 When Jesus left Bethany for Jerusalem, the Jewish people at that time rejoiced and welcomed him (Jesus) as their King, Lord and shouted praise as the Messiah or as the One whom they expected to come to save them.
It is a pride for the constituency if the leaders are able to work hard and especially to advocate for the issues of the region or the state in the Jaidbynriew.
After the Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that there has been smuggling of coal by the government, Bah Metbah said that this statement of Dr. Mukul Sangma is not true. If he feels that there is such an action by the government, Dr. Mukul should bring the evidence to confirm this claim.
According to them, there has been a lot of violence because there are many buildings and houses which have built more than four floors including the khrum but they have not done anything.
Shillong, June 27 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday strongly criticized the Boundary Committee of KHADC for promising to tied the door of the Court regarding the signing of MoU. The border between Meghalaya and Assam in the first phase.
Make-up and hairstyle were done by Mediora Mylliem Umlong and Herbie Pathaw.
Police on Thursday said that the court has issued an arrest warrant for them and they have been remanded on bail.
The new cases include EGH: 04, EJH: 09, EKH: 262, NGH: 05, RBD: 44, SGH: 12, SWGH: 07, SWKH: 05, WGH: 57, WJH: and WKH: 13.
In today’s world, the consequences of conflicts spread more quickly thanks to the power of the Internet.
It is also informed that this rule has been imposed on the grounds that the bridge has been in danger of passing by heavy vehicles and for this reason through this rule has been banned against overloading vehicles. tonnes weighing 30 tonnes or more and only those weighing less than 30 tonnes are allowed to pass.
Pollstar said that the Tutia powder was used to cover the Khun cows and the Sikmie cows.
Shillong: Meghalaya continued to bat 53/3 on the last day of the tournament by beating Mizoram by 206 runs in the first innings.
As part of the celebration of the Independence Day of India, the District Sports Officer (DSO), Mawkyrwat will hold a marathon. Independence Day Run 2023 (open category) for men and women will be held on the 14th August 2023 at Mawkyrwat.
As part of the registration process, schools and students are invited to call 1800-572-0907 for more information.
During the election, whenever they asked, they gave only phone calls, not only when there was a death, when there was a prayer or a party, they knieh to give help and so on.
Similarly, in 2021, due to the shortage of Khasi officers, the union has taken a step to support the talented youth to go to the coaching centers for the Civil examinations. Service Examination (CSE) so that the youth can sit for various examinations to enter their chosen field.
Tomorrow the match will be between Malki and Nangkiew Irat at 4 pm.
Pala said the decision not to support the NPP-led EC in KHADC was taken after a thorough consultation with the leaders in Delhi.
Three days after the meeting, some of the elders suggested that the jait be changed.
West Garo Hills Police have searched for the missing person and found that he was killed by the robbers and arrested three persons, including Nikseng R Marak, U M Sangma and Altu M Sangma Nobel.
“You too have come and you have been sent by sir,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, June 1: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC of Sohryngkham Constituency, on Tuesday sought clarification from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the construction of the Gurudwara in Harijan Colony. go shade shade now.
In 2020, 134 people went missing including 72 men and 62 women.
Prestone said that regarding the cow market at Baridua, Khanapara, Ribhoi District, a meeting will be convened to resolve the closure of the cow market.
Roskil Challam scored 55 runs off 15 balls.
Speaking to reporters, CoRP President Bandary Rantathiang said that the Dwarksuid Bridge is an old bridge from the NEC Road and was improved by the NHAI during the inspection. The Shillong Bypass has been constructed and many places have been covered with dewbilat to remove the dewbilat. canoe for.
There are also other parts which show that the ministers from Khasi Jaintia are not yet able to defend their people before the prime minister.
The book of Exodus tells of the freedom and the journey to the freedom of a group of nations, including the children of Israel, from Egypt to Canaan.
s 7/8 POCSO Act.
Born on 23/12/1936 in Lyngkyrdem, died on 18/3/2021 and will be buried on 20/3/2021. He is survived by his wife and 11 children. 1997 as a junior engineer, has served as Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkyrdem many times, as Secretary of Lyngkyrdem, and as General Secretary of the Federation of Ri-War Mihngi Local Dorbars (FORMLD). as Secretary, CCIB, and Secretary, JAC.
It was also witnessed through the videos that the Karbi even used spears and ryntieh to intimidate the Pnars.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the invitation to hold this meeting with the stakeholders is to show them the importance of the The Government has taken action on the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Police also seized a Bolero number ML05-Z-3007 equipped with a light saw, a mobile phone, a laptop and necessary documents from his residence.
The awareness campaign on how to prevent accidents started from 10th to 16th July.
Shillong, July 9: Former CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday urged the state government not to arrest the ARPA MDCs if they feel that they have violated the Constitution by campaigning in the villages. Administration Bill of KHADC, 2015.
The AICC has suspended four Congress MLAs including East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie and Nongpoh MLA. Mayralborn Syiem, Rymbrai Jyrngam MLA Kimfa B Marbaniang and West Shillong MLA Mohendro Rapsang have been arrested on charges of betraying the party.
Redeem, who spent two seasons with Shillong Lajong FC in the I-League, joined North East United in 2018, where he played for two seasons and made 35 appearances. sien and scored four goals.
Leading companies including Kirloskar Brothers Limited and CIL have imported powerful water tankers used in Thailand to drain the water that has flowed into the Tourist Crematorium. to rescue all the trapped football players.
At present, MCCL is a Wet Process dewbilat factory, but has now been converted into a Dry Process.
After doing all that, the boy went to meet the old teacher again.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Himalaya said that the party has its own suggestion to the government in this regard, but now they cannot say anything because they will discuss it. always at a meeting organized for all political parties.
Group A: Qatar, China PR, Tajikistan, LebanonGroup B: Australia, Uzbekistan, Syria, IndiaGroup C: IR Iran, United Arab Emirates, Hong Kong, PalestineGroup D: Japan, Indonesia, Iraq, VietnamGroup E: Korea Republic, Malaysia, Jordan, BahrainGroup F: Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Kyrgyz Republic, Oman.
On the other hand, government officials also went around the villages in conjunction with the public announcement to explain to the people how they should act in the villages to prevent the spread of this disease. contact the number
“I would also like to congratulate Bah Hamlet that because of his vision and struggle, now all the census towns in other constituencies will have access to drinking water in their homes,” he said.
With one mind, we have decided to give our full support to the Candidate for the 19th Jaiaw Constituency from the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Pelosi landed in Taiwan today amid strong opposition from China.
Drivers have been advised to be patient and not to rush and at the same time to be thoughtful and cautious while passing through this road.
Idashisha Nongrang, said that she never thought that she would reach this level to become the Chief of Police in the state. from her family, who have encouraged and encouraged her and especially to God that it is through the blessings and guidance of God, that she has been able to reach this goal.
God's love can recreate society and the broken and broken world-nature.
Even I will be the same if I decide to leave with the people to contest from another party.
Through this A+ Accreditation from the NAAC, Shillong College has achieved the top rank among the colleges in the state.
AIDS was first discovered in 1981 and in India in
The ability to operate the railway with electricity from Mendipathar will open up the opportunity for the public to use this railway because through the use of electricity, the railway will also be able to connect more passengers and goods ( Freight).
“Seventy weeks are appointed for thy people, and for thy holy city (Jerusalem), to make an end of transgression, and to forgive sins, and to make peace for iniquity, and to bring forth eternal righteousness.
He added that the Government has also set a price for the passengers.
Even the MP from Bihar, who has been the elder brother of Kongthong, has been able to do his part.
He is also running a discussion issue, for providing a level playing field for citizens or similarly for those who are more politically visible.
Greetings to you all.
It has been seen that the state government has always approached the government of India for assistance when it needs to implement any scheme or when it needs to build roads, schools, hospitals and other needs.
Returning to the founders, it is understood that the intellectuals of the Seng Khasi who have agreed to take over as leaders to start this college are Rgh AS Khongphai, Rgh RT Rymbai, Rgh Rubi Diengdoh (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) who were the first President, Secretary of the college together with other members, who worked tirelessly to establish this college, which has now turned into this college. The college will celebrate its 50th anniversary and now it has an Arts and Commerce Course for Class XI & XII and an Honor Course for Arts. .
Nadda said the BJP wants to empower the youth of Meghalaya by setting up a Meghalaya Recruitment Commission to look into how to fill vacancies across the state.
Replying to the allegation that the government has returned T.9.2 crore from the Ministry of Agriculture, the Prime Minister said that this money has been left over since 2001 and has not been used. This government has now abolished the schemes and withdrawn the funds to be used in the agriculture sector.
“The OM dated 1974, we have rejected because as of now many Garo job seekers have qualified and are qualified to fill the jobs allocated for them. “We have removed the part that allows Garo foreigners to get jobs from the Garo share,” she said.
Police on receiving information about the incident, together with the Bomb Squad, rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation to find out the cause.
Shillong, July 18: The Indian Institute of Geophysical Research (SGRC) in the Eastern Region of India (SGRC) was inaugurated by the Minister of Science and Technology and Earth Sciences, Shillong. Dr. Harsh Vardhan on Monday at Laimer Shiteng.
Along with the rest of the country, government officials from East Jaintia Hills District today participated in a Video Conference held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat. , Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, has handed over the necessary documents of three children who have lost their parents due to covid-1 The PM-Cares For Children Scheme will benefit them.
He said that the police have stepped up patrols in the areas where incidents may occur and have directed the government to take measures to take care of the equipment and vehicles in case of any incident. curfew in the village.
Thyatira is a church in northern Turkey, north of Istanbul and east of Athens.
Protests over the abduction and killing of two school children in Manipur on Friday intensified as protesters tried to turn to the residence of Prime Minister N Biren Singh.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its strong opposition to the State Government's Declaration dated 23rd November 2019 signed by the Commissioner & Secretary, Department of Forests and Environment, Meghalaya, which has been extended. CP Marak, IFS as Chairman of the State Pollution Control Board (SPCB) from 1st January,
“We want to clarify that the DC has not given us permission to put stickers on our vehicles but we have done it ourselves on behalf of the Association. " said Mr. Mykulbest.
The Community Resource Center has been implemented under the MGNREGA Scheme from the Block Development Office, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block in collaboration with the DRDA, South West Khasi Hills District at a cost of T. /- lakh tyngka and until the opening ceremony today, the allocation of funds spent on this construction is T.82/- lakh tyngka.
– People who eat plenty of fruits and vegetables which are part of all kinds of healthy foods are less likely to get various diseases.
Therefore, there are some words that may not be accepted or agreed upon, but if they are important words, they should be practiced in writing, reading and speaking, and it will be appropriate. not enough.
He said the Sengbhalang stands firm on the ground that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit in the state.
She said that her daughter had come home to buy school uniform before she left that day.
Speaking on the occasion, Colonel Omkar Singh (retd) Registrar of North Eastern Hills University, said that the need to promote the boys and girls of the region to develop in the field of sports and also to enter the sports field. in the international stage.
Anamika scored two goals in the 4th & 25th minutes and Dorimchi scored another in the 16th minute.
Why do you ask that?” Hep asked. “I just said that because in terms of human beings, you and I are very far apart.
He said the department has allocated 30 lakh tyngka for this work and the target is to complete the work within 90 days.
At least 40 militants were reportedly killed in the fighting on Tuesday night and Tuesday morning.
Through this amendment, these councils will be renamed Karbi Anglong Autonomous Territorial Council (KAATC), Dima Hasao Autonomous Territorial Council (DHATC), Garo Hills Autonomous Territorial Council (GHATC) and Khasi Hills. The KHATC, the JHATC and the Tripura Tribal Area Autonomous Territorial Council (TTAATC), where these councils, operate beyond the boundaries of one district and will have Meghalaya has not been included in the special category which is one third of the number of members in the KAATC, DHATC, GHATC, KHATC and JHATC. women in Dorbar Shnongs and Municipal Councils.
Indeed, we see that the Government of India, especially the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and his Government have always expressed their love for us the people of the North-East while the Indian Army since The CRPF, BSF, Army and Air Force of India are attacking us the people of the North-East as a whole.
The price of a sadhu to attend these pujas should be T.1,100 and the price of a soh snepkor should be T.20 each. they should be T.10 and T.3 respectively.
Therefore, the union urges the Meghalaya government to pay special attention to the development works in these border villages and before taking any decision, it should consult with the Rangbah Shnongs, “The Sordar Shnongs, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and the Syiems of Raid Nongtung should know the truth,” he added.
India is one of the largest countries in the world that is strong and can surpass China's population in the coming years, so I am the luckiest person to have the opportunity to The UDP and the HSPDP, the largest Riewlum party in Meghalaya, have led the party in collaboration with the UDP and HSPDP. I am the youngest candidate among the MP elections from other parties.
The missing youth was identified as Mimu T. Sangma and on 1st June, he left Paikan in Assam for Tamil Nadu with an unidentified person. .
“We feel it is necessary for AT Mondal to join the party because this will strengthen the party in these areas and the nomination of him as a candidate will be because we have the hope that he will win. this is the constituency,” he said.
The club also won their first trophy without Messi, winning the Spanish Super Cup in July this year.
The VPP Leader said that the government has been misleading the people with various schemes such as the CM Elevate, the Kali scheme to transport tourists, but said that the people should not be misled, because these The assistance provided by the Government is not enough to improve the quality of life in the state.
I hope everything goes well," Peter said to himself.
Prestone Tynsong on 13th July said that the appointment of Chief Secretary in the state depends on the wisdom of the government and the government cannot violate the rules of appointment of Chief Secretary. Service rule of the Government of India or the State Government.
Reports in 2020, reported that due to the continued spread of the disease, PPE equipment such as masks, globes, sanitizer bags and others were used to prevent the spread of the disease. his.
However, with the immediate implementation of the NEP 2020, our expectations have been shattered and we cannot refuse to oppose the violence of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU who has taken a personal decision to force the implementation. the divisions, differences and irregularities between the colleges.
Regarding the government's claim that it does not have enough funds, Bah Khroo said, “The government has Rs 14 crore to spend on the festivals. they instead of wasting it only on festivals".
Where we have descended from the same generation that lived decades ago.
In a release, the MFA has ordered the players to leave on the 6th July 2020 at the Polo Ground, Shillong in preparation for the final round of the tournament.
DC EJH District Abhilash Baranwal, Additional Deputy Commissioner J. Shylla and others have sent themselves for testing.
“If that’s the case, it’s really shocking.
Kait : Kait is a rich source of tryptophan, which is also known for its happy hormones.
Adelbert said that the writers against him have accused him of being a selfish person, but he said that he has that feeling with a heavy heart and a real concern for the people. community.
It is to be recalled that the PMGSY road which cost about 554.48 lakh tyngka, but due to the inspection by the Assam police, has been suspended till now.
Then there are Civil Hospital NH 44, IGP Point, Barik Point, Laitumkhrah, Laitumkhrah Main Road (Fire Brigade to Beat House), Laitumkhrah Main Road (Beat House to Police Point).
I believe we see through the media, many comments that the people these days have begun to understand how to elect leaders and where to base, so I don't see that money will come forward this time. current".
“The orders issued by the High Court from time to time in the past 18 months show the anger over the lack of action by the government authorities.
Shillong: The residents of Lyngkhat, one of the villages on the border of India and Bangladesh.
“Until now, we are fighting and monitoring with the Indian government on this issue,” he said.
The Brahmaputra River, along with its tributaries, is said to be one of the largest rivers in the world and is almost equal to the Gongo River in Africa.
During the search, police seized two Chinese-made pistols, two magazines and 15 pistols.
It is time to ask our own Langthohdoh: Has the unity of a nation under the name “Khasi-Jaintia” (as in the name Israel-Judah) really united? If not! Not yet. It's too late to move forward on the same path that ISRAEL has already taken. Give place to Unity so that the future generation can reap the good fruit from the Tree of the Present Heritage!.
The Smart Cities Mission, overseen by the Apex Committee headed by the Secretary, Housing and Urban Affairs, provides regular reports on the implementation of projects through the Real Time Geographical Management Information System (GMIS). .
Robert said that if the ILP is implemented in Meghalaya, the CAA will not be implemented in Meghalaya.
According to a statement released on the 16th of this month, the Commission said that this measure will help the voters to avoid the doubt that may arise if the candidates have the same names or whose names are from the same constituency.
Others said that the lack of attention of the contractors who build the water supply systems supply the households.
The reason why we don't have skilled labor is the lack of training by the government for illiterate youth.
Matthew 24:15-21.
Jowai, March 29: The District Sports Officer (DSO) in collaboration with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA) will soon hold the Open Volleyball Championship – for men and women in November and November this year.
At the meeting, which was also attended by the people who want to buy the vehicle, the company officials showed how the NaNo vehicles are made and the safety of these vehicles in case of accidents. They also pointed out the difference between the car and the Maruti in terms of construction, fuel consumption and prices which shows the difference between profit and loss.
The death toll has risen to
The joy is that by the death of Jesus our debt has been paid which we can no longer pay ourselves.
According to a letter to the Prime Minister signed by the President of FKJGP, Bah MC Suting and General Secretary, Bah DH Sumer, the FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District said that the proposal to build a railway line will affect the people. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) should be introduced to protect the minorities because if there is a railway line, there will be illegal entry of foreigners. bar so this will endanger the nation if without laws to protect.
Speaking on the occasion, the officers and doctors said that the number of road accidents in these days has increased, which has also led to the untimely loss of lives. That this is often the case of driving without following the rules of driving.
Many attend churches and services on Christmas Eve and then attend social gatherings for a meal or a drink.
At the same time, feel sorry for those who have been demanded because they have not been sent to work to feed the demanders.
From this place, BSF troops recovered a plate containing 18 lakh Bangladesh rupees.
Nongpoh: The management of Dresi Memorial Secondary School, today held a special celebration on the 25th Anniversary of the school, which was established in
One of the unique aspects of PMKSK is the provision of soil and seed testing facilities.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday said that the government will be able to lift the internet ban in two districts of Jaintia Hills.
Students can find many languages ​​in the newspaper.
The villages affected by the cyclone are Mawjaraiñ, Nongrim Mawpat, Pynden Umjarain, Umsaw, Nongtynniaw, New Mawjai, Nongpuinskei, Mawpat, Rangmaw. , Morocco, Manad, Plains, Wahkaji.
On the other hand, Jied Kurbah, President of the NPP East Khasi Hills District, urged the leaders of the NPP Shella constituency to send a letter to the NPP Shella constituency. This is the decision of the NPP leaders of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambor said he has not yet decided whether to contest the election or not, but it will depend on the decision of the meeting to be held on the 16th.
The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Jemino Mawthoh, while speaking against the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on 8th June, said that the state needs them more to be able to overcome the challenges. instead of those who are only tyngam or sur.
Ummulong and 4-Mowkaiaw United won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) today.
She said that in this discussion it seems that all political parties want to take part in the discussion to amend the Reservation Policy.
The Sordar of Malchapara, Bah Lukan Marak, said that they have had to flee to the forest for the past 13 days just to escape the violence of the Assam police.
“He also said that the Model Code of Conduct will continue to be in force until the announcement of the results of the Lok Sabha elections on July
The incident happened at 2:30 pm near Pahammawleiñ village, Ri-Bhoi District when an auto rickshaw (ML 10 B 3474) was passing by. The Ford Endeavor (ML 10 C 5786) was on the wrong side of the road and collided with the Auto Rickshaw.
The PDS scheme aims to provide rice and wheat at the price of T.3 and T.2 per kilo to the households who have received 5 kilos of rice per head per month.
He said that the prize money for the winners of the tournament will be a cash prize of up to T.1 lakh besides trophies and certificates.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that 54 percent of those aged 18 to 44 years have been infected with the virus and 51 percent of those over 60 years of age have been infected with the virus. The death rate was 1.76 percent, the lowest death rate in the world.
The funds received from the state government have already been used to pay the salaries of the Council employees for 13 months from May 2021 to May 2022 and to pay the loan to the Civil Works Department and others are the expenses of the work.
The candidate who filed his nomination papers today is Losing Lakuna who is also the candidate supported by the MLA of the constituency Stephanson Mukhim who has resigned from the post of MDC and MLA. He has also contested the MDC election in the past years and is a resident of Syndai, Amlarem Sub-Division.
However, the diseases of the past can still be prevented by the Ryngkew ki Basa of our villages.
“If we follow the sections of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation 1954, Section 3A sub section (a) to (f) and other provisions which are not already in this Regulation, we understand. that they can no longer be issued licenses even if they apply.
Other problems faced by the residents of the India-Bangladesh border area are the lack of electricity and clean drinking water, said the residents.
This Khaw Tyndep, which is byrstem, in which the power of Tyndep has been placed in this Khaw, to deceive the people, until they don't know anyone else, and thus he shoots away and is easy to arrest such people. who was bread with Khaw Tyndep.
However, since he joined the NPP, he hopes that the government will listen to their grievances as leaders and also to the requests of the people.
At the meeting, besides strengthening the party, the UDP leaders also informed that the UDP Umsning Circle will hold a General Council or elect office bearers in April .
Jowai, November 04: The Office of the District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai today celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities 2023 at Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School, Lai Lyngdoh Hall, Amlarem. H. Pohthmi, MDC War West, Deputy Chairman JHADC was the chief guest.
Ri Bhoi District came second with 11 gold, 8 silver and 13 bronze medals.
Without commenting or criticizing anyone, Bah Charles Marngar, said the government should have thought specifically for the needs of the people in the area, which can also be said to be one of the most vulnerable areas. It has become a border area and it is essential for the government to provide for the needs of the people in this area and especially in terms of roads.
The containment was announced according to a report by the district health department following the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills District. East Head Bad West Head.
Bobbies is the son of Amabelis Laloo and Patrick Lama, who live in Jowai.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 23: Three political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF, JSU and HNYF on Tuesday decided to hold a protest on Friday and announced a Non-Cooperation. Movement (NCM) in the state on the 25th of this month to urge the State Government to immediately punish the Assam Police involved in the shooting death of the people at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, the Sordar of Useful Lakhmie said that the area on the other side of the Umor River is still under the Hima Nongwah Mawtamur and is an agricultural land.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, in an order today, informed that 20 percent of commercial vehicles will be allowed to operate in Shillong and 50 percent in rural areas.
To get good skin, it’s something we want to achieve in all four seasons.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs said that all ranks of the Assam Rifles face many challenges for the sake of the security of the country and therefore their welfare is important to the Government.
“We have done this because the State does not have its own State University and for this reason, we see that all the colleges have to join NEHU. Therefore, the Cabinet is pleased to extend the functioning of this Technical University to the State University,” said Conrad.
The reason is that the blood of animals can no longer cleanse the serious sins of man as in the days of the Old Testament.
Therefore, it should be understood to distinguish between religious belief and traditional customs, because traditional customs have nothing to do with religion or faith.
Jowai: The Rangbah Shnong of Lamin Village, Golden Gashnga, today said that the Lamin Dorbar Shnong, which owns and manages the Dawki Market, has decided to reopen the Dawki Market from the 2nd of this month. date of this month.
The CEM said that on this issue, the ball is in the hands of the Governor's Court whether to approve the Bill.
Three quarter finals will be played on the same day on the 9th at 10:30 am, 2 pm and 4 PM. FAM vs Dulong will be played on the 10th at 4 pm.
Besides the performers, many dignitaries included the Governor Phagu Chauhan, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, CEM KHADC Titostrawell Chyne, the DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi, senior officers of various departments of the state government and others.
Nongstoiñ, July 19: The residents of Malangkona area, have urged the State Government to turn its attention to the area by bringing in a proper PHC. Malangkona is one of the border villages in Mawshynut C&RD Block.
The redness and swelling of the skin occurs immediately before the rain comes and this can be witnessed by everyone.
At that time, Pa Dolloi, who conducted the election of Waheh Shnong, witnessed with his own eyes that the people of Khambun, themselves, stood on the side of Hundred Phawa and thus announced that Hundred Phawa was Hima Sana has been elected as the Symbud Waheh Shnong, Secretary T. Sana, Asst Secretary D. Kyndait, Chairman Phool Kyndait and the Executive Members ( The Executive Body of the Dorbar Shnong shall consist of about 12 members, according to the rules.
How women can prevent getting away with assault: This is one of the most dangerous things women should think about, because once experienced this will bring you lifelong regret and often turn Depression is also a common cause of this disease.
On the other hand, Bah Jeremy Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara, said that the Assam government has destroyed the houses of the residents and blocked the road used by the residents. The village is a violation of human rights, because in fact no one can block the public road, especially the road.
Even the most stupid person cannot accept this government's plan.
Another deprivation of the Meghalaya government to the deficit teachers is that it has not granted maternity leave to the ladies' teachers.
Both of these can cause mental illness.
Those who took part in the competition were Raymond Nartiang, Pator, Bright Raliang, Manbei, Kong Bait Ktung and Ridon Phalangki.
According to sources, the squad for the SAFF Cup to be held from 21st to 4th November 2023, the national team ( India) and Pakistan will now prepare for the renewal of their match after about five years, in which the two teams have now been placed together in the same group.
Besides these 11 persons who were invited to the office of the Syiem of Mylliem, there were also residents of Raid Sadew Laitjem who accompanied these 11 persons who entered the Conference Hall along with these 11 people.
A meaningful life is a life that stands on the side of righteousness and truth.
On this occasion, the NPYF Umroi Block also donated a Laptop and a Memento to this young woman as a sign of gratitude and honor for bringing the village and the and especially a good example for other youngsters that she has passed well in this examination which is a great pride from all sides.
Shillong, July 12: The Government of Meghalaya on Tuesday convened a meeting with all political parties in the state, some chief executives and other intellectuals to exchange views on the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule.
It cannot be said that the way of life of mankind in these days is deteriorating and the morality is declining.
Immediately, she apologized for not telling me the name of her father,” said Sunil.
How much restraint.
Police have already identified many people involved in the attack on innocent people and the law will do its duty against those involved,” he said.
And it came to pass from that time forth, that God divided the land unto the uttermost parts of the earth.
This shows that the MDA Government is working hard under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma.
The Prime Minister made this announcement while addressing the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
Seize: to seize, seize and seize without accepting the authority of the private or public; knieh is not to take jynthet from others.
“I'll have to think of them as a sign,” said the father. “By what sign?” “I'll find a way,” said the father. “But you have to do it, father,” said the mother. “Whatever you want, I'll do, mother.” for if they knew that I supported Peter financially, they might have a feeling of partiality.
They are also important in improving the quality of education in Meghalaya.
Earlier, Shahid had said that he was looking forward to working with Kareena once again.
He said that he has already urged Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who is the leader of Jaintia Hills, to speak on this issue, and also urged Santa Mary Shylla to speak on this issue. He also congratulated those constituencies who have won the VPP party and produced VPP leaders. They also included the President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Michael Chyrmang, the President of the Jaintia National Council, Wanshwa Suting, President of the HANM Women Wing, Bythygrace Dkhar, President of the UHM; Mr. Brosenly Siangshai and others.
All voters shall be given handkerchiefs to sign in the register containing the names of voters and the pressing of the button for the election of the candidate.
Think about it and realize that all of us who do our own work are not patriotic.
Lajong beat Malki in the first leg on 23rd November.
“I understand that you have elected me to be your leader to take responsibility and leave as much as possible.
The reason for the construction of the new church is because the old church has become overcrowded and can no longer accommodate the 300 members of the church.
These are Langpih in West Khasi Hills District; Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah, Block-II of Ri Bhoi District; Block- I, Psiar – Khanduli of West Jaintia Hills District.
Laitkor, which fought hard until the end of the first half, managed to score only 10 goals through Ïawanlang Nongbet in the 36th minute.
Peter said, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins; and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. ).
According to the police, the Rangbah Dong Faster Field Nongdhar said that the woman was not from Mawshbuit village. there was no loss of life within the village.
Speaking to reporters, Yediyurappa said his inclusion in the BJP Parliamentary Board, which is the ultimate decision-making body on the party's activities, has sent a message of It is good that he will visit not only Karnataka but also the northern parts of the country.
“We don't know how much money the village has in the bank, because it has been done and managed by these people,” said Kong Dkhar.
We have not even received independence from foreign rule, we have already served in the region,” said Bah Khongsngi. It has been in Meghalaya since it became a full state in
The project has so far benefited 16700 people from 53 camps. 4438 patients have been tested for diabetes and about 338 people have been treated.
In 2022 alone, the BSF has seized smuggled goods worth T.281 crore.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Mrs. Jolene Phankon, Assistant Manager, Government of Meghalaya, congratulated all the 15 participants who have completed this training. They were also advised to consult with PRIME, Meghalaya, which provides training for those who wish to start their own businesses.
BJP Chief JP Nadda has strongly criticized the Congress party for doing politics in this regard.
The court said that there are still many people who are still in doubt about the future of the vaccine and it is the duty of the state government to educate them. The public, on the benefits of the injection and to remove the misunderstanding, on the dangers of the corona injection.
“Perhaps there are bank employees who are reluctant to accept a lot of money but there is no law to say that the bank will not accept them,” he said.
Conrad K Sangma said that the incident in Manipur will not affect the NPP in the Rajya Sabha MP elections to be held on 19th July 2020 as all the MLAs of the MDA coalition government have taken a decision. to support the NPP candidate Dr.WR Kharlukhi.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle has lodged a complaint against the Riwar Jaintia College, Amlarem West Jaintia Hills District, after receiving a complaint from the students of Class 12 of the college. the future of these children.
The paraglider from Mawprem, Shillong has been trained at the Skylark School of Paragliding in Himachal Pradesh.
The meeting was held at 11 pm, which was attended only by the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, who discussed how to improve the work of the synjuk, especially from the to work and bring about change in the Dong Ri Bhoi as a whole.
“If I pass, I am fortunate to get a job to help them.
Many TMC supporters were admitted to the meeting and Cambleson Sangma was elected as Advisor.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has appointed a Magistrate of Inquiry into the supply of coal to the coke factories in the district.
The union congratulates and thanks the Sub Divisional Officer for taking the initiative to deliver 5kg of rice along with dai to all the villages of Sub Division Amlarem.
You have been blacklisted by the board of CBSE or ICSE.
On this occasion, Bah Alvin K Sawkmie MDC of this area in his speech urged the residents to take care of this dorbar hall to be used for the benefit of the village. to the councils of the village.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, in a statement today, said that from the 28th of this month, taxis and auto rickshaws will be allowed to operate from 6 pm. morning, until 6pm each day.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Pammad Raid Mawlieh, Laitkynsew Village, Pammad Raid Mawlieh, today.
Nongpoh, November 04: The Umlyngkdait Youth Association in Ri-Bhoi District today launched its 25th Silver Jubilee Celebration. in the village and society.
Besides the shortage, they have been delayed for a long time to pay but MePDCL has not been willing to cut off their electricity.
Political parties and village headmen are members of the committee. However, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs had earlier withdrawn its participation in the committee after protesting against the actions of the state government.
e) The entire area should be disinfected if the person is found to be infected.
Allantry said the people have already seen the BJP's strategy and the answer will be given on October 2,
Speaking to reporters, the SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that in fact the IO had invited the president of HITO to come to Sadar police station today, but they did not. came in large groups.
Patricia Mukhim, editor of the Shillong Times, while opening the event, said that Khasi teachers in colleges and universities should submit articles on how to correct the spelling and meaning. of the Khasi language.
Two other sisters along with their father who lived together to go to school survived the incident at Dommawlien, Pyndengrei West Khasi Hills.
It is also known that this opposition to the father of HS Shylla is his political rise.
In 2022, schools have started to run as usual and many students and parents or guardians have been happier and encouraged that schools have resumed as usual. .
This is the main reason why our beloved nation is being degraded because they are busy only in the struggle for power and want to be leaders and they forget what the nation is like.
There are also mixtures of oil.
The counting of votes for the election is scheduled to be held on the 3rd of this month.
It has been observed that there has been an increase in the arrest of people from other states in the North East as well as people from the state especially from East Jaintia Hills who intend to smuggle and traffic in drugs into the state.
The voluntary blood donation camp was conducted by the Program Officers of the NSS in collaboration with the NCC unit.
“The promotion of books and the provision of education is the purpose of this book fair,” he said.
In the Third Division, Kyiem Sports Club beat Niamsang Sports Club 1-0 with a goal scored by Kerningstar Kharhunai in the fifth minute.
Nongstoin, Nailur 18: Foreigners who came to work under the leadership of BSC C&C JV, which planned to construct the Nongstoin-Mawthabah road, have been expelled by members of the KSU West and South. West Khasi Hills District today at Mariam Village, SWKHD, due to lack of necessary documents.
Shillong, June 19: Many tragic incidents have happened on Easter Monday in different parts of Garo Hills.
Meanwhile, Conrad Sangma said that the government's actions will deteriorate the situation in Lum Garo, as the rebel groups who have come forward to make peace with the government have not received their rights. “What will happen if these chess players go back to the forest, it will be “The government should not accept that it is its victory because it has failed,” said Conrad.
Sheen Sohktung scored in the 14th and 80th minutes and Nickle Bina in the 86th minute.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly today, Roshan said, “The use of force is not the answer”.
Shall those who are thinking of what is right, what is just and true go along with these wicked people? Does the knowledge of the righteous allow them to do so? They say that history repeats itself).
The protesters stood on the balcony of the Shella Dorbar Hall, while the police stood in front of the Dorbar Hall.
These Sengbhalang also announced that the Reservation Policy in the State should not be subject to any change.
There are still many roads inside this crematorium which have not yet been entered and explored.
He said the Congress is confident of winning because its candidates are new and all of them are not involved in corruption.
These issues were discussed on 6th and 7th November 2017, at a meeting organized by the North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) in Guwahati; The FKJGP Central Body and other parties including ULFA, NSCN(IM), ANVC, DHD, ENPO and other parties from across the North East took part in the meeting.
He said that Prestone had said that 100 per cent of the NPP ticket would be given to Stephan Mukhim and it would be announced in November.
In 2022, four Congress MLAs left to support the NPP government with the BJP. Although the Congress leaders in Delhi opposed, the MLAs remained silent. and were permanently suspended from the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has decided to increase the collection of taxes as part of the financial crisis which has affected the department to pay its employees.
As part of the plan to improve the connectivity of New Shillong, the Government has now constructed three roads connecting New Shillong, Shillong City and the Shillong Bypass.
He also alleged that without consulting him as the Working President, Michael Kharhunai, who joined the party in 2019, was appointed as Secretary just because Michael and the former President were present. The same company has not been appointed to the Executive Committee of the district.
Celebrating this victory, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, inaugurated the Lakadong Festival at Laskein Block in West Jaintia Hills.
Pariat was the CEM of JHADC when he was in the Congress party but was expelled due to opposition.
Phagu Chauhan, former Governor of Bihar, who replaced Brig.
To better understand this, let us turn to this topic through the research conducted specifically on this subject after the COVID-19 pandemic.
“This bill is necessary to encourage the villages through the Village and Town Development Council to work according to the laws and regulations to bring about development and any work should go through the council,” he said. said CEM Thombor and added that this bill is for the benefit of the villages within the boundary of the council and any suggestions are welcome and we will take the suggestions of all the members so that we can send them. They will immediately submit to the Government for the approval of the Governor.
Earlier, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah RV Lyngdoh urged the state government to protect the water source of the Umïew River which has become increasingly dry due to lack of adequate protection.
Bah Paul said that this is part of the efforts to curb the expenditure of the Government's budget and to establish a good foundation for foreign travel.
“They should have fulfilled their duty to investigate, but the IO has warned us not to vote for Bernard N. Marak,” she said.
He said that according to his information from the newspaper Nongialam Khristan in July, 2017, it was reported that many Khasi who went to France during the First World War, most of them were Christians.
Then the Khanatang, the origin of the nation, the language, the manners, the families, the beautiful hills and rivers, which deceive those who are lucky enough to meet them (Khasi).
As part of the efforts to strengthen the party and seek the support of the people, the Chief Leader of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) in Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on 23rd June held four campaign rallies. The meeting was held in Chokpot, Dalu, Gambegre, North and South Tura in West Garo Hills.
“The sudden announcement by the HNLC that it has withdrawn from the peace talks with the Government has revived the opening of the history books of Khadar rule in Ri Hynniewtrep.
On the 15th July at about 4.30 pm, a truck (ML-04-6552) belonging to T.Rymbai driven by Halnes Dkhar was found carrying illegal coal in Byndihati.
Police Chief P Krishnakanth said that Geeklurn fraud has never happened in Bengaluru, but it has happened in other states like Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.
“How can that be, bynnud, that wise woman who is wise and beautiful is like that.
B.Nongkynrih – body zoo gym, 2nd Whitney ma Queen – Genfit gym, 3rd Averyl W.Lanong – Iron house gym, 4th Sawakani lakiang – Body Mass & Fitness Gym Jowai, 5th Jasmini i.
We hope that the HYC will look into this issue and should not end up in talks.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The State Government has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident at Chokpot Police Station, in which one of the arrested persons has died in police custody.
“I don't blame anyone, but it is the responsibility of the government who is wrong or it may be the government itself that is wrong and it has to take responsibility,” he said.
According to the Nepali Ministry in Israel, Kibbutz Alumim is located near the Gaza Strip, and the Hamas attack killed 17 children. Two Nepalese citizens have been confirmed to have escaped and four others have been injured in the Israeli attack and are still undergoing treatment. within Israel itself.
The two Prime Ministers flew by helicopter to Langpih and the residents were surprised to see the sky and perhaps they were forced to believe that the issue of border settlement will fall like a manna from heaven. .
It was during the raid that they arrested these five persons who also claimed to be citizens of Bangladesh.
Twenty-six political parties opposed to the BJP have arrived in Bengaluru today for a two-day meeting to discuss how to proceed with the preparations for the MP elections. The BJP has convened a meeting of political parties under the banner of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in New Delhi.
In fact, you have to tell us the reason why the people don't come to take part like that, if they want directly by acting.
Shillong: Member of Parliament from Tura, Agatha K Sangma, today hoisted the tricolor flag of the country and took the national salute to the seven parade contingents on the occasion of the 73rd Republic Day Celebration. Matchakolgre LP School Playground, New Tura on Tuesday.
The acquisition of strange names of land in Khasi Hills is one of the ways in which foreigners have the opportunity to own land here in Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, we congratulate the police department for being quick to follow up on the intelligence until the arrest of the leading leaders of the group.
Police have recovered 3235 capsules of Semdex, 4613 Netaks-10, 19 bottles of Onerex and 6 bottles of Roscof from the owner.
“The sudden announcement by the HNLC that it has withdrawn from the peace talks with the Government has revived the opening of the history books of Khadar rule in Ri Hynniewtrep.
The incident happened while the mother was sleeping with her 8 month old child.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 3: For many years, foreign traders have been allowed to enter the villages in West Khasi Hills District.
He said that those who have been severely affected are the workers in these types of jobs who have been severely affected by the closure of the dam and the lack of opportunities to earn money. School fees, light fees to food and others and on this as the union, we are afraid that this dam closure without creating roads for them will lead to another disease of starvation because.
“The party also demands that the Government and the Police Department should respond to these incidents.
When they reached near Bhutia market, they bought sia and brut from the market vendor.
Priority Household (PHH) rice at the weight of 5 kgs per head and free of charge in urban and rural areas Non-NFSA rice at the weight of 7.215 kg per household at the price set by the Vigilance Committee and no It should not exceed T.14 per Kg in urban or rural areas.
zThey want the syiem, sordar or rangbah shnong only to get their own benefits.
In the second match, Mawkasiang SS&CC beat Laitumkhrah SC 2-0
Speaking to media after the counting of votes, Bah Samlin said that even in three years as an MLA, he has fulfilled his duty properly but if the people do not want to win again, he will win. he shall be destroyed, for it is the people who shall make the final decision.
Hamar Lyngkhoi, President of MYF, said that the clear message to the government is that the equipment that has been taken from MCH Hospital Nongstoin has been returned.
Shillong, March 2: The Shella Presbytery Organization Shillong (SPOS) has held its annual Get Together at KJP Higher Secondary School, Shillong. and her neighbors came to take part.
Shillong, July 28: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Coming One Ymbon regarding the loss of salary for four months. in the state.
On the 8th June, the program started with a Holy Mass at 12 noon followed by the inauguration of the Lama of the party by Bah Recallme Biam as the chief guest and Bah Romeo Lamare as the symbud chief guest in the presence of Rev. Fr John Myrboh Parish Priest of Barato Parish, Rev Manbha Pakem Diocesan Youth Director, Sisters working in Barato Parish, President of Barato Parish Mutshwa Thabah, Secretary Samla Emansing Sympli, Executive Members along with thousands of young women and men from all over the parishes of the Jowai Diocese.
The Prime Minister also spoke about the agenda that the government has put before the people during the elections and said that his government has fulfilled the promises it made during the elections and not like others who have done it. he promised without doing anything after he had won.
Therefore, besides the development of the country, we as a nation also need to have adequate laws to protect the country.
For those who die under the age of 30 years in the custody of the Police, the compensation is T.15 lakh.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) has sent a letter to the University expressing its regret over this incident.
While hundreds of men were lying inside the sañium near the owner of the sohpieng tree, along with swords, spears, knives and ryntih.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association, Bah Commander Shangpliang, said that the government's support for the festival will be an opportunity for the film industry to grow. the rank is not higher.
Many performances including songs and dances were performed by the students of the school.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Auguster Jyrwa, said that the KSU has ordered all its members to refrain from taking strong measures despite the KSU's stand. the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to prevent the entry of foreigners.
According to the officer, the dkhoh entered the house in the evening where there were two houses but he was able to arrest only one and set him in another house.
This came after Chutwakhu beat Dongmihsngi 3-2 in the last match of the first leg on Monday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The four-storey market has been operating for more than 20 years and is one of the largest street markets in the North East.
After a thorough investigation by the police, the kidnappers released Rintu on 13th November 2020 and said that they had received the money, which they demanded from him. you are a merchant.
He said that coal mining has existed since ancient times and the government has created many measures to implement the Mines and Mineral Mining Policy 2012 which states that scientific methods should be used in coal mining.
Up to 8,000 people die annually from smoking in Meghalaya.
“They should direct the officers and police under their jurisdiction to arrest/punish anyone found driving motorcycles and two wheelers improperly,” said the SP (Traffic).
Therefore, in order not to create problems when writing, the government needs to look into it before taking a decision, because as the government wants Khasi and Garo to be the Official Languages. of the state.
According to the DPR, the road will be a four lane road from Umshyrpi to Dawki and a 2 lane road from Dawki to Tamabil.
Egenstar Kurkalang said that Meghalaya urgently needs the people to be surprised and ask questions because as it is now, this government has no responsibility for the poverty and development in the state. They have replaced the Khadar rule only for power and profit.
Also present at the meeting were the General Secretary of the NPP, Iasyllok-Ki Lyngdoh, Jonny Phawa, President San Shnong MPUF and members of the party.
Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul Gandhi speak to the media to congratulate the winners of the last elections.
Petrol will now cost T.76.26 per liter by 48 per liter and diesel by 74.62 per litre, after hike of 59 per litre in Delhi.
Blesstar was reportedly injured.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit has donated dewbilat to a family who was affected by the natural disaster on Monday.
Shillong: Police have arrested seven persons involved in drug trafficking and seized 564 grams of heroin from them. T.6.82 lakh and seven mobile phones were also seized.
Nongstoiñ: The West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (WKA) today launched the 12th District Open Cum Inter School Badminton Tournament 2019 with the participation of Bah D. Mawlein Circle Inspector Nongstoin. as a guest.
Mairang is the oldest Civil Sub Division, when it was opened on 10th November, 1976 and has been in existence for 45 years before being upgraded to a new District. , I'm from Mairang.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The land vendors in Khyndailad have expressed their anger against the state government which has been coming to harass them from time to time, and alleged that the state government has done shiliang kham also in connection with this matter.
“We demand that the district authorities and the government should take action to immediately stop the construction of roads by the Assam government because we understand that this is not an intention to bring about development but a scientific trick to “It's not like we're going to be able to take away the land of Meghalaya,” said the Chairman of the JAC, Pyrkhatbha Pyrphet.
Jalaphet Parish won the title of Best Discipline and Mynsngat Parish won the title of Best Discipline.
Training for Undergraduate Students from outside Manipur studying at College of Agriculture, Imphal and College of Food Technology, Imphal for the academic year 2020–2021, 2021–2022, and 2022–2 through the online.
This season, Meghalaya will play four matches against only teams from the North-East.
Shaniahskhem Dkhar from Wapungskur, Dapoibiang Bamon from Sutnga and others also distributed syrnot to those who took part in the three day walk from Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary to Bahbo Bahkong Hill.
College, Jowai (2002-04).
The State Police is conducting a thorough investigation to arrest the suspects in connection with the murder of two persons in Ichamati in Shella area, East Khasi Hills.
Similarly, after the collapse of the Illinois Theater in the area, 28 people were injured and another died.
He planned to introduce Hindi in MBOSE. The CM planned to introduce Hindi in class
The celebration was inaugurated by Umnsing MLA Jason Mawlong in the presence of Wallam Kharwanlang, BPM NRLM Umsning Block, Rangbah Shnong KW Shylla and others.
We really need people like Tirot Singh or Kiang Nongbah to stand up for our country and nation.
Khliehmawlieh manager, Bah Joyfulstar Marngar appealed to the fans to come and support the team tomorrow as this final will be a very precious day for them.
He said the members will have to agree to the order of the Delhi High Court not to violate the rules of the National Sports Development Code,
Speaking to reporters, Congress President in Manipur K Meghachandra questioned the BJP regarding the steps it has taken to punish those soldiers who have been killed. Accused of involvement in the death of two civilians and injury of more than 80 people, most of them in Meira Paibis, Pallel in the incident on November 8, Manipur .
This is very helpful in the planning, execution and monitoring of projects.
Q.Pariat, Sd.
This problem happens mostly during the rainy season, when these 10-12 villages cannot escape from one side to the other.
“You think you can meet for a few decades but I'm only a few years old,” said Meiieid to her neighbour.
When the match ended in a draw, the referees took the match to a tie breaker and through the tie breaker, Pahamrioh FC managed to beat Benris FC and to confirmed to reach the final of this tournament.
Furthermore, there is also an action plan that will focus on areas to bring about ECD activities that can be done in the community and at home.
The incident took place on July 19, 2020, when protests were held across Bengal to protest against the fighting between Indian and Chinese troops on July 15, 20 Indian soldiers were killed.
Mawkyrwat, November 17: On 16th November, 2022, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) under the leadership of General Secretary, Bah Balse Kharbani and Senior Vice President, Bah Balse Kharbani, Ferdinand Iawphniaw has visited and encouraged the family members of the child who was raped in the past few days.
The mother did not understand the horn of the father and ran away because the father used to drink every time he came.
Bachan Pale 51' and 90' alone scored the two goals for Sailung to win.
QC Springside English Secondary School, Jowai has topped Sanikawan Challam in 13th position while Little Star Secondary School, Ladrymbai has topped Emika S Dkhar in 17th position.
On the other hand, the speakers on the occasion, spoke on many issues and the danger of drugs which has spread from the city to the countryside, which has threatened the youth of the community if the parents do not take responsibility for their children. children and what is needed now is to eradicate this type of alcoholism with the cooperation of village leaders, parents, youth and the police.
For government officials, ministers and those in power, they walk and walk as they please without Covid-19 or Covid-2
Freedom fighter and prominent Marxist leader N Sankaraiah passed away yesterday due to illnesses, a CPI(M) source said.
Therefore, the Kur Sutnga urges all the people to read like Jimmy Pdang and not like Jimmy Sutnga, said a statement from the General Secretary of the Kur Sutnga 14 Khrong, Jowai.
The guidelines issued by the CPCB/MSPCB regarding the disposal of idols should be strictly followed in accordance with the environmental laws.
The HYC in a meeting with Bah Prestone Tynsong demanded that the government should take all necessary measures to help the people from the excessive price increase of lyer shet and other beverages and essential items.
However, besides these, more police have been deployed in Byrnihat, Patharkhmah, Mawlasnai and Umsiang in Ri-Bhoi District.
As one of the citizens of Meghalaya, I would like to express my strong opposition to the donation of Conrad Sangma to Odisha of more than Rs 1 crore. as assistance for the affected areas of the State by Cyclone Funa.
The establishment of the Garo Autonomous Council will empower to protect and preserve the identity of the Garo people living in Assam, said the UGACMC leaders. Leaders of the Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MCPC) today handed over an ambulance to Mawlasnai PHC. The PHC was purchased by the Greater Mawhati Development Committee (GMDP) through the SWRP scheme for the year 2016-2017, which is also the year when Bah Julias K. Dorphang was the MLA of the PHC. Mawhati Constituency, but the GMDC leaders have handed over to the MCPC office bearers and the MCPC has not handed over the ambulance to the PHC. MCPC President Phes Mangu, MCPC General Secretary Mathias Mynsong and GMDC office bearers including Tinwell Mukhim President Barnabas were also present. Dr. L Tlang, Medical Officer, Mawlasnai PHC, family members of Bah Julias K. Dorphang and others.
It is for this reason that when we see the mistakes of others, we should not blame them or expose them but the ways to prevent them should be by warning and encouragement so that those who have made mistakes in the journey can also understand their mistakes. you're wrong.
Nine members of the same family, including three women and six men, were shot dead while they were sleeping in Batkhela Tehsil of Malakand district. .
The duty of the police is to provide security and protection to the public as well as visitors to prevent crime.
After the consecration, Sohblei arrived in Ri Lajong on Thursday 30th July 2017 and was welcomed by his parents, relatives and the Church as its new and first Lyngdoh. Creation of Mawpat.
It was also witnessed that after the harvesting of rice, the farmers started planting again in the rice fields to cultivate various varieties of jhur from Sohsaw, Kubi, Presbin, sohmynken, Kajor and others. others and if there is a market or the price of agricultural products, many farmers benefit from agriculture.
In South West Garo Hills, there are 18 cases and 642 cases have been unemployed.
“She tried hard to do her job properly, but the job took her life,” said Dr Philip C Breen.
The humidity in Shillong is 86% in the morning and 92% in the evening.
The Congress MPs who have already resigned from the Lok Sabha for Telengana have also vowed to resign from the Congress party, R Sambasiva Rao, Ananta Venkatarami Reddy, Sabbam Hari and Vundavali. Arun Kumar has threatened to resign from the Congress party.
“God is with us in different ways, but we live with each other, because God dwells in our lives,” he said.
For more expensive vehicles like Mercedes, Pajero, Fortuner, etc., the price will be between T.8,000 to T.12,000 per 200 kilometers and if more than that, you will have to pay more and if you don't stay overnight.
Also present on the occasion was the President of the NPP Pynursla Block, Bah Emlinstone Khongstia who announced the candidates along with the women and youth leaders of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday slammed the former Congress government for ignoring the HNLC's peace talks proposal.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko has announced today that there will be no new elections in the country. before me".
The incident happened on the 2nd of this month and the robbers were identified as Danny Lapasam and Emside Shadap from the same village.
The police should have monitored the number of old vehicles from outside the state and should have conducted daily checking.
“As I said, if more than 1 lakh rural households go to the poor in the State, who will benefit, it is the rural people.
He added that the road is the source of income and economic development for all areas especially Mawiong Sung which has the Sung area where the soil is more fertile for cultivation compared to Mawiong Sung. other soils of this area and at the same time it is a place where there is a most amazing jakhei flower which blooms every 100 years and the year 2015 will be the year when this flower will bloom. These flowers attract tourists from all over the world but due to the lack of proper roads, the tourists are affected and it is also a shame for the area as a whole.
Meghalaya will play its last match against Kerala on 1st November.
The purpose of the inspection was to see the progress of the Umiam Stage-I Dam, especially the two bridges. M/S ITD Cementation India Ltd to ensure that the implementation of the work is in accordance with the requirements.
Time is passing fast and now the state is only three years away, in 2022, it will celebrate its Golden Jubilee.
Speaking to Rupang, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that these vehicles have been installed for the convenience of the people.
Remembering Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of the Nation and the fighter for the independence of the country, Ms Ampareen praised the great contribution of this great leader of the country and it is appropriate to This program will be held on this day across the country.
We don't want the Mawkhar Church to face problems like Robert Hospital or churches in England and elsewhere.
The one-day program also included exhibitions of traditional houses, traditional dances, sports games and a variety of traditional dishes.
But on that day he didn't want to give it to Rida.
On July 19, 2013, the NPP was appointed by the UDP-led United Democratic Alliance (UDA) EC in the KHADC. Nine MDCs have supported the no-confidence motion moved by the NPP against the working methods of former executive member Titosstarwell Chyne.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83914 out of which 82135 have recovered and 1460 have died.
This life must be born twice, not just once.
In his speech, he said that the opening of this college by the KSA is to help the poor who do not have the opportunity to study in Shillong and other cities of India.
The woman thanked the Rotary Club of Shillong, for immediately going to repair the earthquake, which could have destroyed the entire house.
They were arrested from Umling and Kyrdem kulai.
Phran said that Bah Ardent failed as CEM of KHADC in six months because he introduced the ai jait kpa Bill, which all the MDCs at that time opposed. This is the purpose of Bah Ardent's work.
It is learned that today, there was a shootout between the SF 10 Meghalaya and the militants, who were with Rajkhowa and after the shooting, he surrendered, because he saw that he did not don't worry, you'll lose yourself.
Those who already have a proper educational background can easily teach the requirements and rules on how to become leaders.
Similarly, when the farmers are being robbed and continue to be robbed of the price of mur, isn't it time for all the NGOs or NGOs (longkmie or bhalang) to invite all the traders of the State to participate? lympung to arrange in a spirit of solidarity how to save the farmers as well as the buyers without killing their families.
Speaking as the chief guest, Santa Mary Shylla, expressed her concern that East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts with the highest number of HIV cases. It is very important to provide explanation and awareness to the public that they need to go for HIV Screening and HIV Testing, in order to know their physical status and health, encourages the public. She said that they should come forward to do the screening and test and they should not be ashamed because the result of the test and screening will be public and not known to the public. She urged the public to spread this message to others for the free treatment of HIV/AIDS patients.
“The allocation for the health sector is the highest in the country, as we intend to strengthen and provide full service in this sector,” he said.
The Chairman of the Riti Academy of Visual Arts, Bah Raphael Warjri, has expressed his regret that the smuggling of sohniamtra has not been adequate despite being smuggled to Bangladesh through the border market.
Shemiki Myrchiang scored in the 35th and 39th minutes, Deibormi Mulieh in the 58th minute and Wallam Pyrtuh in the 59th minute.
They are completely unhealthy and can affect your health.
One of the issues is the sale of coal which has already been mined and collected since before the NGT banned coal mining.
However, it may be noted here that the word 'Khar' in the Khasi language also means to 'tam' or 'shim' something, such as khar-maw or khar-dieng.
With the formation of the new government under the leadership of the NPP, known as MDA-2, the Prime Minister is confident to continue the work of the party and to focus on the work done over the past five years. go away.
Anxiety is a problem that affects many people in developed countries.
However, let me warn you – Don't be misled by emotion because this is a struggle of knowledge and not of emotion,” said the MLA from Nongpoh constituency.
When asked how he feels about the theft of questions by the students, Fr.Majaw said, “It is a great shame and disgrace to the state”.
Sushma Swaraj, who took the third oath, will be the Foreign Minister and Arun Jaitley, who will take the fourth oath, will be the Finance Minister and Defense Minister. India.
“We have spoken to the NCW through its member, Kong Delina Khongdup regarding this incident.
Nongstoin, Naitung 24: After the town of Nongstoin, has experienced more floods than in previous years, due to the heavy rainfall which has lasted for more than three days; The Nonbah and Nondein rivers have flooded and covered many houses, shops and schools adjacent to these rivers.
At the time of shooting or harvesting, they hand over to each other to clean, order and keep the hill running smoothly.
Meghalaya Cement Limited has been producing cement for 20 years.
“It is a glory to God who has blessed the church,” said Bah Dkhar.
There are only 4 staff nurses – two of them are contract nurses.
In a statement issued by Hamjhan H Dkhar General Secretary, the union said that the fete was originally scheduled to be held today but was postponed due to the curfew. Therefore, she strongly requested that they should not hold any more protests on the 18th so that the Fete can go smoothly as scheduled.
The District Council has summoned the office bearers of Jarain Village and at that time an Agreement has been signed to allow the market buyer to collect taxes from the Jarain Market.
The Jews or Israelites had to worship on the walls of Jerusalem, they had to worship in spirit and not in the Temple, for the Father (God) seeks such to worship him.
Until now, by the grace of God, we are still as we are, the Health Department should have come forward and educated the people to be safe.
“During this meeting, the prime minister accused the previous government of not taking the necessary measures regarding the contract teachers,” he said.
The new office bearers of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia & Garo People East Jaintia Hills District are Deihok Sumer as President, Welking Swer Vice President, Emlang Sutnga General Secretary, Hamkhia Siangshai Assistant General Secretary, Andiwor Pala Organizing Secretary, Johni Organizing Assistant Secretary, Michal Chyrmang Information Secretary, Edwan Dkhar Assistant Information Secretary, Mathew Pajat Sports Secretary, Ying Siangshai Assistant Sports Secretary, Prosperity Rymbai Education Education Secretary, Eladmi Fuchen Assistant Education Secretary, Op Nonglintmo Assistry Lamsistant Secretary Disciplinary Doc Culture Secretary, Omega Sumer Assistant Agriculture Secretary, Alprins Dkhar Chief Adviser and Cyprian Dkhar Legal Adviser.
There will also be awarding prizes to the students who score high marks in the subject as a sign of encouragement to them.
You can't fight".
Dr. Syngkon was a member and supporter of the Congress party from 1983 until his death.
Members and vendors from all over the city took part.
Khim, who suffered from hypertension and diabetes, was tested positive for Covid-19 at NEIGRIMHS Hospital and died on 10th November 2020 from respiratory failure.
These teams had nine points each, but Lajong won by goal difference.
Even if they are too crowded, it is necessary to move some so that the remaining ones will be stronger.
This is considered a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary.
Boy's Hr.Sec.School, Jowai) and Bah Spycer Lyngdoh (Sports Secretary, Govt.
Samlin, who is also a former Minister of State, said that the Sohiong constituency will be one of the 20 constituencies that the NPP will win from Khasi and Jaintia Hills. it's the day of voting.
Shillong Lajong started the game strongly, but did not have a chance to take the lead until the end of the first half.
“For that reason, we have decided to form a fact-finding committee to find out the root cause.
Umkiang is one of the largest villages in Narpuh District and many tourists come from Tripura, Mizoram, Manipur and Assam. and Nagaland who pass through the NH-44 stop at Umkiang to eat or drink.
The order was issued after hearing the PIL and the bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W. Diengdoh said that Therefore, it was decided to use the Central Police to take over the task of searching the coal trucks.
After the arrest of Wangbet, it was learned that he was remanded in custody for further investigation.
The UGC has approved the decision of the Union Education Department to allow colleges affiliated to Central Universities in Meghalaya and Nagaland, such as NEHU and Nagaland University according to the admission rules as usual by exempting the CUET, that is only for the year 2024-25, the statement said.
In the past, when Bangladesh was not in power, this land was owned by the Nongpoh people.
Guwahati, Jymmang 2: Heavily armed militants of the NDFB (S) have launched an attack in two districts of Assam, which fall under parts of the Bodoland Territory, where they shot dead 11 people, including three children and seriously injured three others.
Speaking on the Reservation Policy, he said that if we look at the Reservation Policy from the beginning, the majority of the residents in the state are Khasi compared to the Garo people. He said that the Reservation Policy is only for recruitment and why does this have anything to do with education?
He also spoke on the need for skilled teachers to improve the society, to bring about change, to achieve the good goals of the children and to shape the humanity of the people. kids.
The delay in the construction of the road has hampered the traffic, especially during the rainy season, when the people of the area have to travel from Sunapur, Myrli, Chymplong to reach Jowai. another two hours of traffic.
His brother David Roy has worked in the government as an Extra Assistant Commissioner in the Office of the Deputy Commissioner United Khasi & Jaintia Hills.
Therefore I say it is a suspicious virus! Because the asymptomatic person walks up and down, he doesn't spread the disease to himself but to others.
Nongpoh, June 04: Before the people of the state reach the time to re-elect those leaders to the Legislative Assembly in the state which has been in office for 10 years, a young man from the Ri Bhoi, known as Samla Albert Maring, has come forward to speak on this issue and according to the wishes of this youth, the people of Ri Bhoi should turn to them. candidates who are native of Ri Bhoi and who were born and raised in Ri Bhoi District.
“The search continues.
When asked by Mawryngkneng MLA Heaving Stone Kharpran how many consultants are from abroad and how many are from the state, the Minister said that out of these, 26 consultants are from the state while the rest are from the state. participate in domestic and international activities as well.
The DC also appealed to the public to follow the government's directives to stay away from each other, wear masks and wash hands regularly, so that we can prevent the spread of the disease. the COVID-19 pandemic.
In connection with the incident, the Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) police rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
Getting the right information will be of great assistance to the state government and also to the police department to curb crime, he said.
Similarly, the 1958 WC in Sweden commemorated the appearance of Brazilian star Pele at the age of 17; He scored a hat-trick in the semifinal in which the team beat France 5-2
These teams, which have 12 points each, will compete to lead the group.
The order was issued after the two villages had a dispute over the felling of kseh trees in the area known as Rashi Tyndem.
On the other hand, the Congress at the same time admitted that they had heard the news from their friends.
The parking lot will be at Pohkseh Square, opposite the house of Bah Charles Pyngrope (MLA) and at the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) Women's Hostel, Rynjah.
“And Jehoahaz besought the LORD, and the LORD hearkened unto him; for he saw the oppression of Israel, how the king of Syria oppressed them" (2 Kings 13:4).
These members of the Congress have been helping the people outside the bank in Pynursla.
When we looked, we saw that it would take more than 2 hours to allow the vehicles going to Shillong to pass through.
Shillong, March 17: The Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MCPC) today clarified that it does not support James Sylliang who is contesting the MDC election from Mawhati.
At this meeting, the village authorities expressed many problems in the development of the village and said that in the past five years, the village has not received a single scheme from the MLA. On the other hand, Bah Process, after listening to the problems and needs of the village and the school, promised to be the pioneer for the village to receive development works from the State Government.
Shillong: Gujarat will provide land to all states including Meghalaya to build houses on the site of the statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Kishore Kanani on Tuesday in Shillong.
They also said that we are from Assam and we are citizens of India and we have the right to work and work in any part of the country and this attack has made them angry. and to protest for the rights of the Meghalaya government to take action on this issue.
There are times when he dresses like Rabindranath Tagore and sometimes he dresses like Mahatma Gandhi,” Banerjee said at a public meeting in West Medinipur district today.
Prestone said this while speaking at the launch of the poster of the film “Ahor” produced by Hilarius Kharbihkhiew.
“The PHC Dawki under Darrang District has provided full services and benefited the people of the area,” said the Dolloi of Darrang District, Ma Pyrwa Lymba.
“The implementation of this project has started for many months and although I cannot give all the details but we expect the talks to be completed soon,” he said.
However, at the meeting held on 5th July, 2023 at Sohra Circuit House, the Prime Minister promised to give districts to Sohra Circuit House. you can go to Headquarters.
Therefore, think a little bit, you Khasi children, Khasi children, why do you want to destroy the custom of mama (dikhar).
We are grateful to the UDAN scheme of the Government of India through which we have been able to use this airport.
For the benefit of the people of West Jaintia Hills, the KSU appeals to all the residents of West Jaintia Hills to be united and not to point fingers at each other so that the benefits will come to the KSU. The whole district.
The area opposite the Bhoi parking lot (pahsyntiew parking lot) has become a place of outdoor activities for many years now which has caused health hazards and degraded the value of morality. , especially that many vehicles pass through this area, where women have to pass through.
We are working as hard as we can to improve this abode of ours, which we call home.
Shillong: U Bah Kronlin Nongbsap of Umroi, Ri Bhoi District, who is a public information officer, on Tuesday said that he does not agree with the decision of the Lokyukta. The State Government has not conducted an investigation by the CBI into his complaint.
“The BJP is afraid of the Congress to the point that they will remove the membership of Congress leader Rahul Gandhi as MP. Speak the truth about the mistakes of the BJP government”.
Thus, the environment is destroyed by these diseases.
In another match, St. Anthony's College beat Sankardev College by 90 runs.
According to the RTI, Garland said that from the SRWP Scheme, it was shown that the MLA had given assistance to Banrilang Pyngrope from Nongrah village under Raid Mawbuh but the money was taken by the MLA. According to the RTI, the money was for the victims of the shooting in the village and it was revealed that the assistance amounted to T.3.40,500 (Three lakh forty thousand five hundred tyngka).
Mali is in 7th position and Nangkiew Irat is in 5th position.
“When we looked, we saw that the police department has done what is necessary,” he added.
There was also a statement in the media about the meeting of the Sengbhalang at Madan Student in 2019 where many of the speakers were religious leaders. Many of their speeches were based on their own foreign beliefs which affected the feelings of the Trai Ri Trai Muluk who are not in any slavery to foreign religious ideas. instead of talking about the reality of the Khasi people, but about those Israelite people who have nothing to do with our people.
We will pay the price in that form which will help them even if there are only a few spectators,” he said.
This song is about the relationship between a couple and love.
The blood donation program was conducted at the same company by doctors and staff of Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Bank Centre, Jowai.
So far, the SOPs have been able to distribute these schemes to 22,000 people in these three states.
The increase in fares comes after the State Government and the Transport Department have ordered the drivers to reduce the number of passengers and the presence of odd and even numbers is also one of the reasons why the owners of vehicles they also have to pay taxes as usual.
With the help of a child, the dkhoh was rescued.
When Rupang inquired from the family members, it was learned that the child used to carry a mobile phone but at the time of the incident, she left the mobile phone at home and did not take it with her.
Recently, the District Level Inter School Sports Meet was held at Pahamsyiem Stadium by the District Sports Officer of Ri Bhoi District. Various sports events were held at this stadium.
Speaking on behalf of the players of the Riwar area, he said that although these areas are very talented in the field of sports, they take more seriously that volleyball is one of the sports. games that they enjoy.
In the middle of the week he shall take away the sacrifice and the meat offering, and in the middle of the week he shall make it desolate.
After heavy rain, another landslide occurred on Tuesday morning on the road near the Sonapur Tunnel, East Jaintia Hills.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Matsiewdor said that this is one of the sports tournaments that the athletes are looking forward to, and the Ministry of Sports has organized this tournament to encourage and motivate the athletes. players to have a fighting spirit, to train talented players, to ensure the welfare of players as well as coaches and also to organize various sports tournaments.
The death toll has risen to 7, of which 6 have not been injected.
Furthermore, can school authorities (who are the strongest weapons of this emergency ICCES) implement Social Distancing in their classrooms? Are their classrooms like flexible rubber ducts that can be expanded and contracted at the same time, to accommodate all the students in one class due to social distancing? or less than ten meters from each other? Can they also block or prevent this Lyer-Khlam inside their classrooms or playgrounds? Will they hold school inside the grounds even if it rains or snows? If school children get flu or colds or headaches and colds because they have been exposed to rain and wind, what should they do? Do they pay for medicine, or do they send them to quarantine centres, because the symptoms of COVID-19 are similar to these diseases? article, I have learned that there is a school in this State which has tried to force the District authorities, by writing a letter to the Deputy Commissioners, to allow it to run a school even in India. and the whole world is still in the middle of lockdown to fight against Coronavirus.
According to police sources, the drugs weighing 135.64 grams packed in about 10 soap bottles were smuggled to Shillong after being seized from a shop. The Hyundai (ML05 T 6149) was registered at Byrnihat Police Outpost.
Nineset Secondary School, Sohkhyllam will compete against Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam in the girls' tournament on the 17th June, Rangjadong Sports Club will play against Pyndenkenshliah Lower and Upper Primary School for boys at 11:30 pm.
Mahajan, who turned 76 on June 12, said, “The BJP is very hesitant to re-elect Mahajan, because there is talk that they will not allow those who have exceeded the age limit. 75years old.
News reports that show the names of voters based on race and supporters of a political party are to be considered paid news.
When questioned by the police, the four men admitted that they were on their way to Malda in West Bengal.
“The District Council has been working for us Khasi and not for other ethnic groups,” she said.
World Food India, 2017 has also been successful in opening up investments that will bring about major changes in these sectors.
Luti Tuber SW scored the first goal in the 55th minute.
In the second leg, Pingwait SC beat Mawlyngot SC 4-0 with goals scored by Royalsonly Nongrum (19, 28&47 min) and Laitsing Jersey (30min).
Speaking to media, UDP leader Dr. Jemino Mawthoh on Monday urged other ethnic parties to join hands in the election.
In this regard, the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah Hainess Marbaniang, said that the Seng has made it clear that there is nothing to express the personal opinion of any person, but The Seng is concerned about the misuse of the Seng Khasi images, especially the Lama of the Seng and the religious images on Lum. The holy sky.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Joint Action Committee (JAC-HJ) has sought clarification from the Islamic Unit Jirang, a Muslim religious group, on its allegation that the complaints of the JAC-HJ against the Syiem of Jirang They are unfounded and are only to promote the King of the Hima for personal gain.
Shillong, June 04: The State Government today decided to convene the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) next month to discuss the relocation of the Metor from Mawlong Market.
Shillong Lajong have 11 points and are now in fourth place.
The raids were conducted in Budgam, Baramulla, Kupwara and Pulwama.
Not all of us understand the meaning of this new year and how this count of the year was obtained.
It can also be said that the presence of women in the film industry has changed a little in the way of creating and developing a story related to the situation and experiences that can happen or encounter in life. who is.
Lapang today met with Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the incident at Lyngiong and other shortcomings of MeECL which has been criticized by the people.
“Have you found Bah Ardent's statement? The answer is clear. Yes, he didn't say anything about this because he is the leader of the FKJGP with the Garo people,” he said.
“The HLC will check the documents before taking the necessary action,” said Prof RC Laloo at the 53rd Independence Celebrations.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Amberlight Masharing, said that once the union has received the approval from the management of the college, it has decided to send a petition to the Prime Minister soon. and also to the Education Minister, to urge the government to turn the college into a Government College, which is also one of the long standing demands of the residents of the college. region.
In a statement sent by the RBYF, Nongpoh Circle, the RBYF Nongpoh Circle said that the RBYF has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of action by the government through the contractors to complete the plans to announce the stadium. , due to the inability of the government to complete the stadium, has caused a huge loss to the youth who have talent in various sports, just because of the lack of adequate sports facilities.
Banteidor said the State Sports Council has 93 part-time employees and recently, 44 of these 93 part-time employees have resigned.
On the same day, Congress candidate Winnerson D Sangma also filed his nomination papers for the Lamphang seat.
Jowai: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District in a statement through its President Samla Ohibait Dkhar expressed its deep sorrow over the spread of the Coronavirus (COVID-19). spread all over the world as well as in India and even here in our North East.
The theme of the Jamboree is 'Igniting the Young Minds' which was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner, R Rapthap today.
The program was attended by the guests of honor including Bah Warles Suchiang, Vice Chairman KJDC, Bah Wanbor Pdang, General Secretary BVKJWO, Bah Morningstar Suja, Former President KSU Barak Valley, Bah Raju Pohtam, Member. of KJDC and Rangbah Leaders from various villages.
“When I see Linda's house, I'll decide whom I'll stay with...” said another man, Bahnah. When it was too late, they began to sleep.
Speeches were also delivered by NPP Women's Wing President Jied Kurbah, NPYF Women's Wing President Jasmine Lyngdoh, NPYF Women's Wing President Khrawbok Sohkhlet and Rudy Shangpliang, one of the leaders of the NPP. The BJP has joined the NPP and others.
“One of the history and achievements of the state by the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma President of the NPP who is also the Chief Minister of the state is the border issue which has been taken as the most important issue to be resolved. Meghalaya and Assam have already signed a MoU at six border checkpoints in Khanapara and Pilangkata areas in Ri-Bhoi for the safety of the people living in Ri-Bhoi. this area.
He said that a new program will be launched to promote research and innovation in the pharmaceutical industry through centers of excellence which will strengthen income generation and create new job opportunities.
Friends, on this occasion, let us jump to the bottom of the thought that applies to our lives.
Therefore, if this Act is allowed to come into force, the children of Hynniewtrep will become like water sources or sources of water for the authorities.
KSU Nongpdeng.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for July
At present, the work is going smoothly and I would like to thank the contractors and engineers who have taken the initiative.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Leader of the HSPDP and Minister of State, said that the party is currently looking into the situation. before nominating a candidate for the mid-term elections from Mawryngkneng Constituency.
“Our nation has been able to trade tin jot, how foreigners come to knieh.
The allegation was that it violated the human rights guaranteed by the Constitution of India by forcing shopkeepers and taxi drivers to get vaccinated within .2021 otherwise they will not be allowed to open shops or drive vehicles.
According to reports, Mimu went to work for a company known as Vertex Company in Mosur, Tamil Nadu.
He said the Government is working to improve digital connectivity in the North East by expanding the optical fiber network.
NEIGHRIMS has 143 beds and 12 beds are still available.
Livingstone Jungai, Jowai – 79.50 % Lakhimai Tariang, SSLC, Govt.
There are Bhutia markets, juti markets and jain markets with stocks, pork, beef, kha and other markets and a large jhur market. The vendors leave their goods all night to sell again the next day,” said the Secretary of Ladrymbai B, Jesper Bareh.
According to the request, he did not receive it but he refused to reach Baduh.
The meeting was conducted by BK Budnah Secretary HSPDP Mawthadraishan Constituency in the presence of Bah KP Pangniang President of the party, Bah Shakliar Warjri who is the candidate for the 2023 election. HSPDP Youth Wing Central Body President Sandondor Ryntathiang, office bearers of the HSPDP West Khasi Hills District and supporters of the party.
The Forum in a statement said that from the 11th to the 17th of this month it was in Delhi to take part in the hearing of the NGT Court. Appeal against the NGT's order through the Re-Constitute Committee to pay tax on coal that has been mined before transportation or marketing as usual before banning coal mining.
For this reason, India has started encouraging farmers to cultivate this tree so that it will no longer have to buy from abroad and produce oil in its own country.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Out of the 3,000 employees of the Meghalaya Secretariat, only 38 have returned in the year 2015-1
In the second half, Rangdajied United FC started to improve their play and gradually controlled the ball in the middle of the field, and in the 61st minute, Ksankupar he had the perfect opportunity to throw the ball.
The Dorbar Chnong Samasi thanked Amnesty Salahe, Secretary Chnong of Samasi, for distributing food and clothes to 651 villagers. in your village.
The government is not preparing the youth to rely on reservation alone.
“I don't want our country to be Hindi, Hindu or Hindustan. This is one thing I will strongly oppose and therefore I want the people to surprise me and send me to Delhi.
Kharkongor said the lowest turnout according to information received was from Rinli which was only 73.22 percent.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, Assam has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to close down all PWD, PMGSY, roads. MGNREGS and search for village and public roads.
Jan has been the MDC of Langkyrdem for two terms, while Holiwell is a newly elected candidate.
In the fight against the coronavirus, scientists have been studying the dangers of the disease and now, they have discovered that the disease can be transmitted if the virus of the man, who has the disease, enters into the eyelids of the man.
During the raid, some of the insurgents, who came out to fight, suddenly opened fire and fled back to their camps inside the crematorium.
Therefore, he hopes that the land of the Karbi workers will fall under Meghalaya once the border between the two states is resolved because they have the necessary documents.
MY RELATIONSHIP WITH LYNGDOH SAD DOMINIC JALA KHARBHIDear friends, I would like to take this opportunity to tell you a little bit about my relationship with Lyngdoh Sad. our beloved and great, do not come to the house of God.
Chief Guest Dr Phervision Nongtdu, Principal, Jaintia Eastern College distributed the prizes to the winners in the presence of EJDCA leaders and other dignitaries.
It is one of the best ways to bring peace and harmony in the society to every member of the society.
In the girls category, Sowkidaboi Papang won, while in the open category, Richard L Jongte came first, Paiada Ohi Lhuid came second and Huron Y Buam came third.
The VDP has also warned to punish severely those who violate the village rules.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has decided to hold a sit-in in front of the Chief Minister's residence to force the implementation of the Village Administration Bill of KHADC and JHADC. After the meeting, they burnt the portrait of Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, Chief Secretary Rowel Lyngdoh, District Council Affairs Minister HDR Lyngdoh and Defense Minister Roshan Warjri as a sign of protest. Besides this protest, the HYC has also decided to hold a mass march around Shillong to intensify the protest.
Besides, the color road from Kamphaduli to Mawsikar (Upper Lumpi) and the two police stations of Lower Lumpi BOP and Upper Lumpi BOP, are the foundation stones which led the Committee to demand from the Minister. The Chief Minister of Assam should not transfer these villages to Meghalaya.
The HNYM leader said that the HNYM is deeply saddened by the violation of the laws laid down by the government, as the government has laid down the understanding that it is not allowed to carry too much. tons, but as of now, the union has found that there are many vehicles which have violated the rules and which have carried more than the limit set by the government.
According to the General Secretary of HANM, Bah Bobby Basaiawmoit, the dissolution of the Women Wings is due to the lack of attention of the Women Wings to the work of the party. The understanding of the members and the existence of this organization have not brought any benefit to the country and the nation.
Juti made of rubber and car tires cannot protect against white snow.
The officer was rushed to Guwahati for treatment but died of his injuries this morning.
He said that through the DREAM mission which will start with the meeting on 5th November, there have been proposals from the Dorbar Shnongs to set up Rehabilitation Centers to look after drug addicts with the support of the Government. and the villages shall provide land for the construction of Rehabilitation Centres.
In the men's category, Tlanding Wahlang came first while Ranbok-star Wanñiang came fourth.
KSU Lapangap through its leaders A Timung and Saikial Sumer said that the sudden arrival of government officials from Assam has shocked the residents.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who was recently ousted, will take the lead in the protest.
The new office bearers of the UDP Ri-Bhoi District include Donbok Khymdeit as President, Balajied Ranee MDC, Sunshine Makri, Donkupar Sumer, Doris Sulein, RB Shadap as Working President and Vice President. They include Rocky Kylla, Najim Kharmalki, CB Syiem, Elphin Kurbah, Sensi Lyngdoh, Baiahunlang Makdoh, General Secretary Michael Kharhunai and Joint Secretary Runus and Friday Jalong. , Biestar Sylliang, Sranly Wahlang, Pynskhemborlang Sun, Treasurer Queen Merry Rymbai, Chief Organizing Secretary Diamos Syiem, Organizing Secretary including Tiplem Lymphuid, F.Aibor Syngkli, Lasting Syiem, Chief Adviser Rafael Massar, Senior Adviser, RR Makdoh, Wick Marwein, Ploster Syiem, Advisor-BS Teron, Joywell Lyngdoh, Witnes Syngkli and other office bearers.
Regarding the ability of the members of the Seng from Myrdon Circle, to build the house, the Longkmie, expressed her deep gratitude, because as a poor longkmie who used to live in the house. but now a good and perfect house has been built.
Later, the army arrested the driver and the passenger of the vehicle for failing to give a proper answer and produce the documents related to these goods.
Similarly, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS, has been transferred and will take over the post of Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The new authority by which the Crown issues such orders is Article 324 of the Constitution, which requires the Crown to hold free and fair elections. very bad.
They are accused of various crimes and have seven cases in murder, kidnapping and firearms cases as well.
They were arrested in the presence of Assam Police, Wildlife and Forest personnel. They were taken to Mirza Police Station and investigation is underway to find out more. those involved is still going on.
Therefore, there is a struggle to distinguish the Khasi society from the society of other ethnic groups, because men are too light in other societies and women are too light in the Khasi society.
We also know that the illegal coal mining does not bring any benefit to the state.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has warned that anyone who refuses to accept 10 tyngka notes will be punished under the provisions of Section 188 IPC. The statement said that in order to resolve the problems faced by the people regarding the refusal to accept these 10 tyngka notes in East Jaintia Hills District, all shopkeepers, market vendors have been directed to and consumers to accept all coins issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
The Assam Government complained that it has been severely criticized over time by the people and the Nagaland and Mizoram State Governments; However, the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills have been shocked because the state government has not been willing to support the Assam government as in Nagaland and Mizoram.
He said that there are schemes where children aged 18 to 40 years can get pension when they reach T.60 years of age starting from T.1000 to T.5000 per month by paying them. bank you have an account.
She said that they need to exercise daily, eat healthy foods, sleep well, exercise well, listen to the strength. physical activity, protection from diseases, hygiene and regular check-ups by checking your blood pressure regularly.
This was revealed today at the Parade Ground of the North Eastern Police Academy in Umsaw, Ri Bhoi, where many parents shed tears of joy, after their children, NEPA has honored them to take over as employees to serve the welfare and development of the state. and the whole country.
In the first half, Pahammawlein 20mer took the lead 1-0
There are signs that the Government of Meghalaya will have to suspend the construction of the Shillong Western Bypass if the cost of land acquisition exceeds the cost of the project.
The team will play against United Sports Club from Kolkata in the 2nd Division League 2023-23 to qualify for the 2023-23 World Cup. the Hero I-League.
“The service of others is the service of God”.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony were Dr. AK Tripathi, Director, ZPD Zone III, Umiam, NS Nongbri, Jt.
To ensure rights, a dignified and full life through laws and policies that open up and improve the lives of all.
“At this point, perhaps there is no order and unity as there is in our struggle and I have no doubt that in the future it will be better...we will be more united,” he said.
A joint team of the departments of Cardiothoracic and Vascular Surgery (CTVS), Anesthesiology and Paediatrics conducted the surgery.
It is to be recalled that the foundation stone of the Sub-Centre was laid in 2006, when Bah JD Rymbai was an MLA and at the same time was an MLA. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, but since the foundation stone laying ceremony, the expectations of the people have come true today until it was opened to the public.
At the same time, he said the BJP can accept Congress MLAs if they are clean, working and acceptable to the people and will not accept them.
The statement said that the Prime Minister has listened with concern to the issues raised by the committee and promised to find ways and means to address the issues raised by the committee.
The videos of the participants will be released from 10th March 2023 on the Youtube Channel of Ri Jaintia News Channel and will be judged on the basis of likes, views and comments' within 15 days of their release.
Shillong, July 27: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat, on Tuesday expressed his concern over the problems faced by the children in the field of education in the country.
R Ramdinthara scored the second goal in the 17th minute.
Skilled ADB employees earn about T.80 lakh per annum,” said the NEC Secretary. On the construction of the Umroi Airport, Muivah said that this has been looked after by the department. Civil Aviation.
He stressed that with the cooperation, many challenges can be overcome whether it is through the provision of education services to the students and also that the students too can become a bright future. for the sake of the family, school, community, country and nation through good manners and diligence in education.
Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM, said that this shows that the government has not taken any action on these issues which the KHNAM had raised in July
After this goal, Wahajer also started to improve their game and tried various attempts to score.
Minister Passah is Rtn.
To say the least, it was a very pleasant meeting with him, it was very pleasant and we found that he is a leader who thinks far and speaks clearly. without interfering with others, when he announces the decision of the party.
The meeting was conducted by Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Samla Robertjune K Jahrin and Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang. that they are interested and above all that they will work hard.
The CCIB said that the DC's action has violated the land rights of the small farmers in the state.
In the second match, Thrangchynnam FC beat Nohron SC 2-0 with goals from Phang Sumer in the 11th minute and Timy Ryngkhlem in the 69th minute.
Shillong, June 05: The Minister of State for Electricity, AT Mondal, on Tuesday said that the state's reliance on central government companies to supply electricity to the state has led to the state facing power shortages. If you don't have a job with these companies, you can't do it.
The two parties also confirmed that the decision will come into force from 1st November 2023 (Thursday) until further notice.
Umsning MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Church Leaders and Pastors were present at the inspection. venue to be prepared for the Synod.
Aizawl has the highest number of cases with 310, Mamit with 74 and Kolasib with
He said the BJP is planning the same scheme to benefit Meghalaya if it comes to power.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today directed the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, to shut down all illegal coke factories in the area. .
It was found that in rural areas, the unemployment rate decreased from 7.29% in October to 7.18% in June; while in urban areas, it increased to 9.22% in June, from 8.28% in October.
Police said the suspect was a 40-year-old man who was wearing bulletproof vests and was carrying a heavy rifle and a small rifle.
The desire for money quickly without working hard leads them to commit various illegal activities, and drug addiction is no different from murder .
In East Garo Hills, there are 4 cases, one health worker and 3 risk contacts.
Therefore, the union requests the office to do this as soon as possible and to provide it immediately within this month, otherwise the union will take other measures.
Until now, we don't know where those markets have been set up by the government which have freed the farmers from the price discrimination.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should expedite the completion of the long awaited Iawmusiang Market and the Integrated Development Complex. Mini Secretariat) under the district headquarters of West Jaintia Hills.
“Many of the drivers refuse to pick up the disabled and there are cases where the disabled are insulted, there are also drivers who charge twice the fare and there are commercial drivers who “It's rude to take advantage of not returning even the fare paid by the visually impaired,” said Samla Ferdinand.
Another candidate who has filed his nomination papers is Shemhok Garod, former MDC of Nangbah from the PDF. Shemhok will contest the election from Raliang constituency against the incumbent MLA, Coming One Ymbon.
Speaking as the chief guest, Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baramwal, IAS, praised the beauty of Meghalaya which has a beautiful nature and blessings and congratulated everyone. Government officials and civilians who attended the program today.
Wow! The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, has misled the House on the 22nd of this month. NOC has been issued for this project from Tetalia to Byrnihat.
