Nongstoiñ, Lber 07: The WKSU has expressed its deep sorrow over the increase in crime, especially the murder of (L) Macborn Bonnyson Kharbani in Nongstoiñ in the past few days. to the bloodthirsty, who have no knowledge of their fellow men.
In a statement posted on Facebook, it was stated that the prostitute is from Rynjah and runs a shop near the office of the State Bank of India. Khamti and the one who met her, is afraid that she too, may have contracted covid-19 from him, like many others, whom he has met, who have contracted the disease. terrible disease.
There are 22 people in the shelter including 10 males and 12 females.
In this occasion, let us look at the English letter H. Then let us turn first to the word HERITAGE, which means something that is inherited, especially those things that are precious and valuable.
On the same day, they also baptized their son, Jesus Christiano.
The District School Education Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Kong AP Syiem was the chief guest.
The funeral service of Kong Dreaming will be held on 31.08.2020 at the Presbyterian Church Mynsngat at 1 pm.
“Therefore, we have given 10 days for these districts to submit the necessary information as given to them,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the KSU, Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that from the beginning, the KSU has opposed the proposal to implement the Aadhar Number and also to register the names in the list. of the NPR, as this will only open the door for the authorities to bsuh head peacefully in the state.
Why do I say that? Because they cannot distinguish between Lyngngam and Diko or Dko.
Nongstoiñ, June 8: The government's plan to build an entry and exit point at Athiabari West Khasi Hills has been in progress for more than seven years, but the government has not been able to implement it. this is the purpose.
The BSF said that these weapons were intended to be delivered to the insurgents operating in the state.
My idea is to stay calm without worrying as much as I can.
Saiñkupar Sunn from Mawkalum as one of the members of this group handed over the donation to Linda.
“The vendors have shown their receipts that they pay every day for the tax, the cleaning fee and also for the rituals inside the market. Mylliem should take responsibility for these 40 shopkeepers as they have been selling for 13-14 years,” he said.
Ma Ebormi Lyngdoh Publicity Secretary of the Union of Waheh Shnongs requested all the Waheh Shnongs of East and West Jaintia Hills to attend the meeting to discuss the issues of the residents and the activities of the Union.
But, as yet, it does not have its own precise boundaries.
Naba said that to promote cricket in the state, the MCA has decided to hold the Meghalaya League but they are preparing to meet the requirements for this purpose.
Prestone said that he has heard the voice of the people who want change and he has asked individually what that change is and found that the government from 2013 to 2017 has not done anything.
He also urged that HDFC Bank, even though it is a private bank, should not only be involved in business but also in bringing about economic development and serving the community.
Seven mobile phones were also recovered from the suspects.
He also suggested that universities in Meghalaya should introduce the National Institute Ranking Framework (NIRF).
Regarding this incident, the employees of the pump said that at first they thought they were the police, but suddenly the robbers who are Khasi entered the pump to demand After receiving the money, they went straight to Smit.
“In many Dorbar Shnongs, women have started to come forward to join hands and contribute to the society in the villages especially in the Hima Mylliem.
“The Government of India has already allocated Rs 47,000 crore for the construction of 15 railway lines with a length of 1,385 kilometres,” he said.
Priyanka said she was traveling in only one vehicle with four people, two of whom were Congress workers and Deepender Hooda and Sandeep Singh.
Francis Ramsiej, 28, had sent Marvelous K Jahrin to fight for him. He was also arrested.
The Nehru Yuva Kenrda Sangathan Office, Shillong has also agreed to make Wahlyngkhat one of the cleanest villages in collaboration with the Seng Samla Raid Nongblai through various programmes. when people throw garbage and plastic food from cars onto the streets.
As usual, the child left home on the morning of the 16th to go to school to write the examination without knowing that it would be the last time that her family would see her.
However, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The government itself has no intention of opening a casino in the state because there is no legal requirement and if it wants to open a casino, it should be created. shwa by the Law.
On Thursday, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia, the Dorbar Shnong Mupyut and the affected villages reached an agreement and agreed to allow the JMB to dump garbage in Mynkjai. You can keep the niut for up to 3 months.
Inside this sanctuary there are many species of skei and birds and animals which have been protected as well as many species of trees and flowers which are famous and specially protected.
The Forum also requested all the 7 leaders of Jaintia Hills to turn their attention to the development of the region so that the youth can benefit in many aspects and especially in the field of sports. He said that this area is one of the areas with the highest number of athletes in the State.
Earlier, the Chief Guest also distributed prizes to the winners of other information competitions.
In the past few months, Christians across India have been persecuted and Christians have been beaten without cause.
The teams that took part in the tournament were Tylli Kawei FC, Laborer FC, Fivestar FC, Bañuin FC, Mawmang FC, Tynring FC, Rynjah FC, Kiewshaphrang FC, Brothers United, Mawkasiang Sporting Boys, Khasi. United FC, V.f.
Deaths from coronavirus on Sunday, 23rd June
It is to be recalled that in 2010, the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya had an agreement that in the areas where there is still a border dispute, if there is any dispute, they should inform each other.
Throughout the day, at the celebration at Byrnihat, the office bearers of the NPP Jirang Block, with the assistance of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, honored the students who passed well in the SSLC examination and HSSLC. They also honored Dominic Sangma, one of the star filmmakers in the state and from Nongthymmai Garo village in Byrnihat district who has received the National Film Maker Award. Award.
Appreciating the measures taken by the Ministry to curb the disease, the union at the same time, would like to give advice as part of helping to support the livelihood of cattle farmers, suppliers and sellers. cow meat as well as milk suppliers besides providing for the needs of the people.
Syngkon also explained about the increasing number of women who carry children these days, alleging that it is due to the lyngkar of men and just do not like the marriage.
The University of Veterinary Medicine Hannover has found that 94 percent of 10,000 people have been tested positive for the coronavirus.
At the same time, she said that these applicants knew only the name of the date of the interview, but they did not know that there were people who had not appeared. because you don't have any information about these applicants.
Furthermore, outside of these three teams, there was no chess team among the top 10 teams.
They said that those who demand the district will continue to work with the government, but they will not hesitate to turn to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to remind and demand that it should be implemented. The proposal to increase the number of MDCs from 40 to 40 MDCs.
In a letter or petition submitted to the Prime Minister, the union has requested to increase the age of applicants for vacant police posts in various departments of the Meghalaya Police.
Manipur Police have arrested four persons involved in the incident and today they have arrested another person who appeared in the video circulated on the 19th of this month.
In this regard, the FKJGP has warned the Meghalaya government not to ignite the fire through such actions which could lead to something unpleasant.
The buyers are also those who don't need to enrich the recharge card companies because they don't waste their time on facebook and whatsapp.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the Volunteers of the NSS, RI Bhoi College Unit, Samla Rejoicing Suchiang, said that more than 300 youths took part in this cleanliness drive in Nongpoh. The students also conducted this cleanliness drive by collecting garbage as part of the awareness campaign on the importance of cleanliness.
“It may be that he has the mental influence of his father which may have led him to reach this point,” said [continued from page 7] Bah Marius.
It is important to eradicate the menace of drugs and other intoxicants, we need the participation of NGOs and the community as a whole,” he said.
He said that after the Seng has seen that there has been no sign as promised, the Seng cannot remain silent because of the increase in the number of foreigners who come to the country. to work in the Nongstoin area as the days go by, the times have changed and she has taken this step to expel all the foreigners without permits.
Meanwhile, another person, Armstrong Khonglah, who suffered from tit bih, died on Tuesday.
Regarding the frequent visits of MR to Mawlai, Bah Donbok said that this action of MR is probably to mislead the people of Mawlai, after he has done things that are against one of the inhabitants of this town.
One thing we must remember is that these farmers are against not only these new laws, but against any form of management – ​​whether by the government or private or company – which affect the livelihoods of millions of citizens potentially putting them at risk of starvation and higher prices for food and essential commodities.
“Tomorrow we will say that perhaps we will develop the Khasi Jaintia and Garo we will develop what will come out of that because we will also have to think about the issue of what will come out of the Judiciary? I feel that this Reservation Policy, which was created by the leaders of the past, we cannot affect, we will lose later or we will not change forever, as the Khasi Jaintia people as it is now, it will be better for us. "It's a good idea to have a roster," he added.
"The PAC was surprised to see that the project has not started despite being handed over to the contractor since November 2012," he said.
Marngor village is also famous in this regard.
Interestingly, the falls acts as a source of income to some people of this village where the falls is located.
In his speech, Prof. Shukla praised the initiative of CBC Shillong to conduct this program and urged the trainees to visit it.
Almost every day we went back and forth.
“As a student union leader, I find that the Congress-led government has not been able to protect the villagers from the infiltration of foreigners.
When the youth of the village have a strong mindset, they will escape from these things and become contributors to their community, the village and the society as a whole.
Also present were Dikos Lymba, Raid Rngi, Traibor Nongrum, Umtong, elders and members of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the state would not be able to discuss the Budget Session if elections were announced.
On the other hand, Samla Lakyntiew Sohkhlet said that the lack of ability of the state government to implement is the main cause of the problems faced by the people of the state.
The Seng is proud of this Heprit who has worked hard and brought fame and glory to the Village, District and the State as a whole.
These GNLA militants were arrested after meeting with religious leaders, civil society groups, Operation Hillstorm-3 of the police and the cooperation of the people, the DGP said. AK (4), INSAS (1), Carbine (1), Pistol (6), Grenade (1), Handset (4), ID Card (5), SIM Card (19).
It is to be recalled that the HNYF Northern Region Ri Bhoi District on 22nd October 2022 met with the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong led by Bah Marcus Marten as President. In the presence of the President of the HNYF, Bah Sadon Blah and other leaders from the District.
The registration fee is 50 tyngka and after completion of registration, the Labor Department will issue the Registration Cards.
This is in accordance with the advice of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), in order to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Youths from different villages in Patharkhmah village took part in the Christmas decoration with colors and lighting, where any group of youths who wins this Christmas decoration will receive a prize. Christmas Gifts.
The President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on 27th October said that the FKJGP will soon remind the government on the issues that the FKJGP has brought to the government to implement. now they are still unfulfilled.
The way forward is to work together where everyone has to take responsibility for their own safety by following the COVID-related guidelines as directed from time to time by the government. and healthcare professionals.
Indeed, there is a need to promote the knowledge of Hindi by all the citizens of India and we cannot say that because the policy of teaching Hindi in schools has the Three Language Formula. including Mother Tongue, English and Hindi,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 21: UDP Leader and Nongpoh MLA Bah Mayralborn Syiem on Tuesday said that there are religious groups that are working hard and trying to take advantage of the dangerous situation in relation to the religion or belief on the border of Meghalaya and Assam part of the country and the state needs to be vigilant and vigilant.
Six foreigners were found in the truck, one of them claimed to be a soldier, his wife and two small children.
Every 26th July is celebrated as the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of drugs.
In connection with this incident, police have already registered a case of murder and the investigation for the arrest of the robbers involved in the incident will continue.
One Direction has attracted a lot of youngsters since its inception and since Zayn Malik left the band, all its members have left the group. of the road.
According to sources, the incident happened on Tuesday but the time of the incident could not be confirmed.
Therefore, the purpose of this program is to appeal and urge the residents to cooperate by avoiding the habit of living with the use of beer, cigarettes, tobacco which are a threat to the precious life of the people. people.
The HNLC's threat comes after the Government has decided to proceed with the abolition of the MCCL by transferring all the employees to other Government departments and to give the Golden Handshake to the those whose time of rest is near.
Speech was also delivered by the President of FKJGP Bah Joe Marwein who conducted the meeting.
The Union also urges the people to take care of the environment by taking care of any trees planted by any individual or village and NGOs so that they can grow and develop for the sake of the environment. The benefits of society especially to understand when caring for plants and to be responsible people in restoring a clean environment.
The people also discussed and asked, which party will lead the new Government and which party will form the Government with which party? BJP leader and Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma has said that in the 2018 elections, the BJP has decided to form a coalition government with the NPP because it does not want to He said that the Congress will be in power, but this time the Prime Minister of the new Government will be from the BJP. shall stand on its own feet to form the Government.
On this occasion, he requested Ampareen Lyngdoh to lift the order in relation to the villages outside the Municipal Area.
The sisters and friends of the child immediately rushed to the scene to inform the family members of the victim, who informed the Byrnihat Police Station who rushed to the scene. and informed the Assam Police for the purpose of sending Emergency and Rescue Teams (ERTs).
The curfew will be implemented throughout Ri-Lum Jaintia including East and West Jaintia, and during these hours of curfew only ambulance vehicles and journalists will be allowed. In another development , the HNPF West and East Jaintia Hills District Council (HNPF) has decided to call a two night road blockade in both the districts of West and East Jaintia on the 30th and 31st of this month from 7 pm on the 30th to 6:00 pm the next day.
Until the Reservation Policy is amended, the Roster System will continue to grow from time to time.
About 70% of the population in Meghalaya lives on agriculture, works in agriculture and related activities and the contribution of agriculture has reached 22 percent. Gross Domestic Product (GDP) by state.
“All the works that Madon has done in the last 15 years, the people have seen and let them decide whom to elect,” said Ma Lakhon.
The home is also said to be the first school of man.
Nana Patekar's actions have angered many people who have seen the incident in online videos, in which they have spoken out against and strongly condemned Patekar's attack on the victim. toddler.
At the beginning of the match, Sawmer had the first chance to score against Mawlai, but later Mawlai managed to score three goals in the first half. .
MPCC President DD Lapang today met with Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi to explain the law and order situation in the state.
As Assam has moved forward to achieve these aspirations of the northern countries, this voice of the small countries, the raitong and the rainot has gradually disappeared.
The Division Bench of the High Court on Tuesday ordered that a letter or notice should be issued to all those who have to respond to the case.
So the mother said, “Go back to the village, I understand that my body is no longer there.
Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the first thing is that the knowledge regarding indigenous herbal medicines should be available in these training centres.
DHS) Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong, Superintendent, R.P.Chest Hospital, Shillong and the Superintendent, Civil Hospital Jowai/ Tura, to Additional Superintendent, i/c MIMHANS, Shillong, u Medical Superintendent, Nongpoh/Nongstoiñ/Williamnagar/ Baghmara/ Mairang/ Brain/Empathy.
Now there are many others (who do not want to expose their good deeds, either individually or through the organization) who do the same.
“We are not against the Muslims in this country.
In China, 2,345 people have died and 76,288 have been infected. In Hong Kong, 69 people have been infected and two have died. it is the only country with more deaths than China.
The statement said that the bill has a serious impact on Mizoram and all Christians.
“If the people don't want to take part in the meeting, how can we force them,” said Bah Ronnie.
Sangma was stabbed and died of his injuries before being taken to hospital.
North Liberty HSS (West Jaintia Hills) beat Birin Nuchong SS (South West Garo Hills) 7-0 and Daphimon Khyriem (11,34 & 39) scored a hat-trick.
He said that the rivers which are still able to control the spread of garbage like the Umkhen River should not be polluted like other rivers like the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
This web portal aims to encourage young people to make decisions in their journey to earn a living, in terms of job search and also in terms of employment opportunities. employment organizations sent to foreign language sectors such as Education, Employment and Entrepreneurship.
Shillong, November 3: Jhalupara, has become one of the most crowded villages compared to a few years ago. now it is due to the increasing influx of rich people especially Muslims.
They said that another problem is that besides these shortcomings, what surprises them most is that the government has not been able to provide electricity. “We are surprised how the government is preparing to open the electricity supply. I'm going to kill you,” said the leaders.
Perhaps, the Hima Mylliem, should have thought of another way to improve the market by seeking financial assistance to build and advertise the markets inside the market and around the market. The market will not only bring about cleanliness but will also bring about cleanliness so that this market which is held every year and famous since ancient times will regain its reputation.
The committee has summoned these officers to appear again on the day of the summons and on the summons the committee will also summon the hospitals that have agreement to implement the scheme.
Vehicles carrying foodstuffs and not carrying soldiers and police can travel without passes and passes can be applied for online application@www.megedistrict.
Regarding the theft of the Class IX question papers, the MBOSE authorities have said that they will appoint investigating teams to investigate and promised to punish the Co-ordinating Officers and Heads of Schools. in case they find out the truth.
To confirm this news, this reporter spoke to the Rangbah Shnong of one of the villages in Mawngap, who said that he does not have any exact information to say anything in the newspapers, but u He admitted that those affected by the incident were not from the village, and he did not know where the victims were from. on the road which no longer falls under the jurisdiction of the village.
In Assam, there have been 2,669 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 64,4
Nongstoiñ: The Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organizations (CoHSO) today held a public hearing on the Citizenship Amendment Bill the village of New Nongstoin.
Babel is not a confusion, but a philosophy that stands and fights against conquest.
Lajong will play against Churchill Brothers on the 4th of October at 7 pm.
It's always yours.
The Israeli army said three rockets were fired from Gaza west of Gaza within two hours of a ceasefire agreement between the two sides.
The decision of the leaders elected by the people to make laws and regulations for the sake of peace and stability in the country was taken seriously.
In the past few months, 15 GNLA members from all over the districts of Garo Hills have come to surrender.
Rymbui said that this will be the last chance for the students to take the examination as the results of the students who have already taken these examinations will have to be released.
Police sources said that the reason for the fight between the two friends was because the husband suspected that his wife was having an affair with another person, and he The incident between the two men happened on Tuesday night.
Fortunately or not, but we see that Shillong has become a haven for foreigners and those who live in places that no one has ever thought of but they have managed to turn it into a place of refuge. those places like slums are so terrible that they can't see.
Among these cases, 471 are from Kamrup Metro, 143 from Dibrugarh, 138 from Jorhat and 133 from Cachar.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the party said that such things are happening in our country and they cannot just watch as a standing party. to protect the country and the nation.
The Minister's visit to Ïewduh came after the Executive Members of KHADC visited Ïewduh after a complaint from the farmers that they have been cut kilos and many of those who sell land are foreigners and those who do not have trading licenses. .
Other areas affected by floods during the rainy season include Umling, Byrnihat and Jorobat and Khanapara.
Besides these districts, the district also includes several villages of neighboring districts (Jowai, Raliang and Shangpung) within its boundary.
As soon as it started, the school grounds were filled with applause, praise and cheers from the spectators.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to address a large public rally in Mysuru and hold street marches in Mangaluru on Sunday, said the General Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. BJP's V Sunil Kumar.
Let us serve God in our own service.
Based on this achievement, the government later plans to provide electricity to every household.
Those who attended the function included Bah Dundee Clif Khongsit, General Secretary of FKJGP Sengkmie as the chief guest, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi as the chief guest. FKJGP President Jirang Circle and many other elders of the area.
Shillong, March 20: U Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang on Friday launched the 100th Anniversary of Dr. H Gordon Robert Hospital. Attend the service at the Margaret E. Buckley Memorial Hall.
She said that the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD) is an International Human Rights Convention which provides for the rights of those with disabilities with the aim of promoting the development of the country. , to protect and ensure that such persons shall have equal rights and freedom to live together with other fellow human beings without discrimination.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 25: St. Joseph Higher Secondary School Nongkasen today awarded honors to its students for their achievements. The 1st Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 was held at Mairang. The tournament was held at Mairang.
The people who are still stranded in the city belong to the Hakki Pikki group, a small group of residents of Karnataka and have been without food, drink and water since the violence began this month.
My condolences go out to the families of these soldiers.
Shillong: Police of the East Khasi Hills ANTF, today seized a Maruti Dzire (ML 05J 5886) from Mawlai at 5 pm.
These areas include many villages in Shillong and Khapsor.
In the first innings, Marbisu CC, which won the toss and elected to bat first, beat Friends United CC for 118 runs for the loss of five wickets in 20 overs.
The UDP Ri Bhoi District has donated food items to the Children's Home in Mawsyntai village as part of the celebration of the 26th Anniversary of the Children's Home. The party was founded by (L) EK Mawlong in 1997 and has spread across the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The Minister said this while talking to media after the VPP leaders suddenly left the House as a sign of protest against the Hindi speech of the Governor, Phagu Chauhan.
Thus, since the day of Pentecost, there has been a long PAST PERIOD until today which means more than 2000 years.
Jowai, Naiwieng 14: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai today. , Northeast Jowai.
Today, many countries in the world are moving towards democracy.
The CEM said that all the MDCs receive the same amount of T.3 crore but we see that the scheme is not in order. The CEM said that the money to the MDCs is T.87 crore, the government has approved only T.30 crore, where has the T.16 crore gone or has it turned into a party? Fund of the PDF. I want to know whether the T.16 crore is the share of the PDF or whose?.
This shows that the NPP is strong across Meghalaya which has made these other political parties afraid to smiej and spread 40 kinds of propaganda,” said Prestone.
The Civil Hospital Jowai has only 100 beds including the elderly, women and children and is the only Government Hospital for the people of Jaintia Hills as there is only one CHC in East Jaintia Hills District. .
Others, including leaders from Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana, joined them.
Shillong: Following the complaint of the KJBWA regarding the smuggling of cows from Khanapara to Bangladesh, the question has arisen whether those organizations involved in helping the smugglers or buyers of cows to sell to Bangladesh. KJBWA has not yet named any of these organizations, because in Ri Bhoi there are many civil society organizations which makes the public want to know or surprised that the civil society organizations are not afraid to take part in the competition. law.
The PDF, although it has nominated only nine candidates, has tried to raise its own cause but has not been able to make it clear in which areas it is strong.
This is the third increase in the loan amount in the current fiscal year.
The union does not agree with the government's recent order to issue transit passes to the family members to take their children and family members abroad. The Chief Secretary, MS Rao, has asked the Government about the order issued by the Political Department.
Prof. Lakhon said that the VC's decision to implement the NEP shows that he considers NEHU to be his own because he has ignored the decision of the Academic Council.
Banteidor Lyngdoh was accompanied by officers of the Department of Agriculture.
Replying to a question by Andrew Shullai MDC Opposition, Finelyness said, “Khanduli village falls within the council boundary and falls under Nongjngi Elaka. Regarding the revenue collection gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in Khanduli, Finelyness said the council has received information about this incident, but because The Government of Meghalaya and Assam has not yet taken any urgent decision.
Police have seized the truck and handed over the elephants to the Forest Department for verification.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinThis is a question that we should answer.
Even if they are too rich, 'the children of richness are nothing.
Jowai, Nailur 18: Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on Saturday inaugurated the auditorium of Ches' Stars Higher Secondary School at Chutwakhu Jowai. to conduct various training programs and opportunities.
Khliehriat, Nailar 26: Two Bangladeshis have been arrested by the Umkiang Patrol Post, Ratacherra Infiltration Check Post and Border Security Force. They came to India through the forest at the border village of Pyrtakuna and also intended to smuggle others who are still in the forest.
The NGT also said that even the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills have submitted reports that there is still illegal mining of coal.
I have directed the Meghalaya Resident Commissioner in New Delhi to provide assistance to the pilgrims,” Sangma said.
He expressed his happiness to see that many farmers have improved their livelihood due to the farming industry which has been able to support their families.
All the matches of the tournament were played at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong.
There were dances and songs from several units of AMPTCP Mawkyrwat Block.
Your parom is related to this.
The villages where this soh grows well are Mawlong, Wahlong and Tyrna.
However, it is up to the State Governments to accept or reject the Bill and it will apply only to those States which have accepted it.
Prestone said the information on the size of the area and the number of residents to be included in the new district will be available when they issue an announcement on the 10th of this month.
“Some civil society organizations in the state have suggested to erect statues of the heroes of the country like the statues of the heroes of India, Indira Gandhi. and Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose'
U/P & RMSA School after 3.30 pm.
The residents have been advised to follow the government's guidelines, namely to stay away from public places, stay at home and to be clean to prevent the spread of Coronavirus.
The meeting was conducted by Mr. Kamnipaia Challam, General Secretary, Lei Synshar Cultural Society.
“So far we have confirmed six candidates and the date will be announced later as they have to wait for the schemes from the government to be released,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Other players who have dropped out of the tournament include Harmeet Desai, SFR Snehit, Sudhanshu Grover, Ronit Bhanja, Anthony Amalraj and Deepit Patil.
The forest guards stopped the timber vehicles of the villagers from Mukroh, but they did not stop and opened fire on the wheels of the truck.
“Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power” 1 Corinthians 15:4-2
This is written in detail so that many students in universities in the state, India and overseas come to us from time to time to seek clarification and explain as we understand. the new Khasi people, the Khadar rule and the judgment.
The missionary died on July 23,
Regarding our complaint, the Registration Authority of KHADC has sent a letter dated 8th May, 2023 to the Under Secretary, Social Welfare Department. Government of Meghalaya, to clarify and urge the relevant authorities not to issue ST certificates which is in violation of the KHAD (Khasi Social Custom of Lineage) Act, 1997 and the Rules already made,” he said. Bah Synrem.
He said that 33 nurses have been appointed although it is not enough.
In KHADC, 35 candidates have registered today, 18 candidates have registered at the DC office in Shillong, 12 candidates at the DC office in Nongpoh, 1 candidate in Mawkyrwat and Mairang and 3 candidates in Sohra Civil Sub-Division. .
The purpose of this meeting is to promote the culture and cooperation between the elders and other elders who are looking for ways and means to improve the welfare of the people.
This request came after the government has returned the bills sent to the District Council Affairs by the JHADC and KHADC. It has decided to send them back to these two District Councils to resolve the shortcomings.
If we take the creation of the earth, it is said that it was through the earth and the earth that the Sun, the Moon, the Wind, the Water and the Fire became the creators of all these things in nature.
Hearing these complaints, the President of UHM, Bah Charlie, urged the Dy.SP of Ribhoi District, GN Joshi, that the police department should not allow them to leave. Assam Police to protect the residents especially where they have rights in all aspects.
When asked what is the path to take in the second phase, the Minister said that the four principles will remain the same but he feels that the will of the people living in the disputed areas should come first. eh.
The FKJGP has urged the MDA government to take immediate action to construct the road and demanded punishment from the NHAI, which has implemented the road for negligence and without maintenance of the National Highway which is currently only a village road.
Rajkumar, when he saw the money in his account, didn't know how to think and proved that the money was what he could use, he sent it to a friend. T.21,000 and that money also went away.
Indeed, after many generations of idolatry, the Jewish nation forgot their God who had delivered them from slavery in Egypt for about 430 years.
He said that MHIS can be used only for treatment, but cannot be used for testing.
Agatha is currently the Leader of the South Tura Constituency.
Before the 2023 election, Seinduli-2 has requested the incumbent MLA, MP and MDC to provide a Dorbar Hall, a school building and a playground for the village.
But the people shall not receive more than two hundred and five hundred pieces of silver.
The union leader said that in a meeting with the director of the library, she admitted that there are many shortcomings and she said that as the director, she has already sent a letter to the government. The government has not done anything yet to provide bookshelves and others.
Even in the injury, which reached the blood vessels, no one came to help him and he was taken to the house of Princi at 3 pm. and the people who believed that they had found him in Mawprem.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Transport, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar today informed the House that the target has been set for the completion of the Inter-State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawiong. Shillong in October last year.
Treibor R Suchen, General Secretary JSU, said that the PHC Dawki has only one doctor and it has been short of doctors for about four months after one of the doctors was dismissed. PHC. The JSU leader said that the shortage of doctors at PHC Dawki has caused problems to the people of the area.
“The political struggle by bringing in religion is done by other parties, not by the BJP. social media platforms; unlike other parties, whose social media is run by private companies,” said Bah Mawrie.
On the other hand, Kong Ampareen said that the kilo cut of agricultural products is due to the presence of 'langïong and urged the farmers and traders to refrain from smuggling and shukor in the trade.
Regarding the shopkeepers, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that it has been handed over to the Municipal Department to examine those who are eligible to set up shops inside the new complex at Polo. .
What's the matter with not inviting them?" he asked.
However, it is time to educate the people of the area to understand that they should not just eat.
“Finally, a work order for the construction of the building for the DTL was issued in 2006 at a cost of T.25 lakh.
With this entry of Bah Makdoh, the BJP can nominate him in the upcoming elections as one of the younger leaders in the region.
Therefore, those who do not follow the Hindu way of life, the Hindu beliefs, the Hindu speech, should not live in India.
Of course, there is a benefit in getting a job if you know English but to say that you don't like your own language is unfounded – like one of the speakers at the KAS conference. The Khasi language says that we lose our own language as the legend says that the Khasi lose our own characters.
Darugre will witness the contest between four candidates including the Congress, NPP, UDP and one independent candidate.
The total number of cases in Mumbai has risen to 11,967 and the death toll to 462, according to the BMC.
Shillong: Members of the Malki Youth Wing on Saturday night arrested four youths suspected of drug trafficking in Shillong. strongly that they are users of alcoholic beverages.
In 1989, the KSU leaders said that they are not against the Railway, but they have to stand against the Railway in Byrni because it is not yet time and the state owners are not strong enough to defend their rights.
During the meeting, they discussed the role of the World Bank in assisting the Council in the collection and cleaning of waste in the villages.
Nongrum said that “the MOU signed between Assam and Meghalaya is only the action of the Chief Ministers of the two states, without the consent of the people, because the people involved They have already fulfilled their duties but the decision is only between the Prime Ministers”.
But before I do that, I have to let you know so that it won't be dark...” She said to another person.
Furthermore, Bah Donbok said that the quickness to forget as a nation has been taken advantage of.
Although the State has sent five teams to the 66th National School Games (NSG), it has won only one gold and one bronze medal.
Besides, after the discussion with the public, the scientists also distributed up to 100 kinds of jhur seeds, fertilizers, medicines for livestock such as pigs, cows and others.
This happened in France.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : There are about 200 vacancies for English speakers in Slovakia, a country near Poland in Europe.
He said that this step is also to express what the people of the area have already said when the Regional Committees come to their villages.
Not only that, even the groups of drivers' unions allege that even the policemen who have been deployed on the roads to provide security to the passengers are instead collectors of money.
The exchange between MSSASA and the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui came after the strike by the SSA teachers reached its third day.
Chachatgre, is from the same village, where Sohan D Shira, the top leader of the GNLA, lives. An AK rifle was also recovered from the ground floor of his house, along with 13 rounds of ammunition, four mobile phones, a solar charger and files.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Milan Warjri, Information Secretary, Campaign for Change, said that to shape the Jaitbynriew is not only for those who sit inside the Secretariat, but also for the people. The leadership of the CFC, is going to raise awareness among the people, to bring about change we need such public awareness platforms.
Joseph Ch.
Referring to the allegations of involvement of political parties and some policemen, the Commission said that the SP of West Garo Hills, SP Mukesh Singh, was not aware of this.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that he is confident that in to win from all the constituencies in Jaintia Hills.
Why wasn't this issue discussed in 2005 and 2008 and now that the Government has based the Anthem on the Act passed by the Assembly and approved by the Governor to become an Act, what else do you see? “It's a good idea for the Government to do this,” he added.
“If they cannot bring in a full time Executive Engineer within two months, the union will have to take other measures even to close down the office of the EE of PHE Mawkyrwat. Division”, the union also said that even if there is an SDO to look after the duties as EE In-charge, how can he accomplish many tasks for the tasks of the EE In-charge? The residents of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block and Ranikor C&RD Block have been suffering.
Through this Act, this office has the power to punish if such acts are found due to its strength to ensure the clean and efficient use of public funds.
In 1967 AD Egypt said – If war breaks out with Israel, it will fight and the intention is to destroy Israel.
Police also seized the power tiller of Kpa ​​Md Soyod Zamal, who admitted that he used to use it to farm in the area.
On seeing the police, Anil fled to the forest but was arrested.
The program was attended by Garod LSN Dykes, IAS Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District. One Stop Center Nongstoin, AD Wanniang, Officers and employees from government departments, Sordars, Sengbhalang and others.
Similarly, Khasi who marry Dkhars on Dkhar land can influence their Khasi culture, especially in teaching their children.
On the other hand, the Seng also demanded that the government should provide assistance to the family of Bah Sylnavus who has left behind his wife and three children. the poor family and the house where they live are also destroyed.
The Houston resident is one of 4.7 million women who can give birth to six children in just nine minutes at a hospital in Texas.
At that time you will no longer need to go to the rich or the poor.
Yesterday (31st Lber, 2020) when I was at the office of SDO Sohra, to help get the CAR PASS so that the farmers can sell jhur in the market.
Forgive Dkhar One of the owners of the Coke Factory.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that as a leader in the District Council and as a person who loves the Jaitbynriew, he will fight to the end until this law will liberate the Jaitbynriew. Before concluding his speech, Bah Adelbert said that he will continue to do what he has announced. He has given 10 days to the government, and if possible he will start a hunger strike alone.
The We Card and MYE Card promised here is just a trick,” he said.
The family members of the deceased said that Bah Bose had separated from his wife Rosemery due to a misunderstanding in the family.
“At the end of the election, everyone will disappear and only the NPP will stand with the people of Meghalaya,” he said from a campaign rally in Garobadha to seek support for Subir Marak candidate. TMC Leader Zenith Sangma from Rangsakona Constituency.
The Congress Working Committee (CWC) on Tuesday held a special meeting to discuss the requirements for the upcoming Assembly elections and the plan to conduct a survey. summary on the number of ethnic groups throughout the country.
In South Garo Hills, there are 6 cases, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 23 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
The song urges – 'Let the country be saved'
A 10 minute silence was also held in memory of the founders who have passed away.
The Supreme Court has handed over the management of the AIFF to the Committee of Administrators (CoA), as it appointed in June
According to Section 21 of the Air Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, it is prohibited for any factory or enterprise to emit polluted air. They must also obtain permission from the State Pollution Control Board to inspect and follow the rules of not emitting pollutants which affect the environment and the environment. public health.
Speaking on the theme, he said, “Elections come and go, problems come and go but the only thing that remains is the relationship.
“We need more MLAs because only 8 are not enough.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, on Tuesday said that the state government has promised to the people to turn the MCH Hospital into a temporary COVID-19 treatment centre. This is the case in Ri Bhoi District.
When asked, the HYC Leader said that although Meghalaya is the gateway to other states, there is no problem in the implementation of the ILP. cannot pass through the State without permission.
On the other hand, Kong T Makhroh, Secretary of the VEC, Bah J. Nongkseh, Member of the Executive Committee and Bah AS Roy Malai, Adviser, said that the village pond is owned by The VEC is not appointed by the Dorbar Shnong, and the decision to sell is taken through the decision of the Dorbar Job Card and the Executive Committee of the Village.
The incidents occurred at Infanta Leonor Hospital and Severo Ochoa de Leganes Hospital in Madrid, Spain, El Mundo reported.
Many of the family members of the patients said that the ultrasound inside the Civil Hospital has failed because most of the patients have been awakened from sleep. They said that once the patient is taken out of bed for an ultrasound, he should be able to enter immediately and if necessary, he should wait within 10 minutes but they have to wait for hours.
The villages of Mawrok area in Hima Rambrai are also beautiful places to visit, eat and learn about the culture of the people.
Shillong: U Bah John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi Hills (KHADC) on Tuesday, 24th July 2023, met with the Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). In charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Jambor War at his office, to discuss and discuss many issues, especially regarding the administration, khadar rule in the Hima Mylliem as a whole.
The KSU would like to express its gratitude and appreciation to the DS Lumdiengjri for showing their work, other villages in Shillong and the Bri u Hynniewtrep. They should follow the example of this path so that as an organization we will be able to improve our work to contribute to many areas for the development of humanity and the Ri Hynniewtrep. whole.
Shillong, March 10 : The farmers of Lapangap Village, have started harvesting rice and went to their fields to reap the fruits of their hard work under the tight security of the Police.
He said that the NPP has sent a letter saying that after the resignation of Pyniaid Singh Syiem, Lamphrang Blah has been elected as the candidate for the election chairman. “The UDA has nothing to oppose this because it has already been decided that the post of Chairman should be held by the NPP. he will be a candidate for the post of Chairman,” he said.
“This money collected from the fine has been deposited into the Government budget,” said Dy.SP Bah G.Marngar.
This means that the government will belong to the MLAs of the country regardless of their party affiliation.
“All districts bordering Bangladesh have been ordered to close and restrict the entry and exit of people,” said Bah Kharkongor.
After lunch, Saurabh tied many balls for 11 4 runs and 9 6 runs, while Sachin also scored 7 4 runs. 106 vols.
The time has come for the jaidbynriew whether it is those in power, the Sengbhalang, the intellectuals, the intellectuals or the people of the jaidbynriew to start fighting on this issue.
He said that these outlets are open until 8 pm and in the evening they are closed while in the market there are those who stay outside. “The Hima Mylliem has decided to clean up the illegal overnight stays in Iewduh,” he said.
There are 90 new cases in East Khasi Hills and 27 new cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber, 26: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) candidate Robertjune Kharjarin on Tuesday said that only the ethnic political parties can speak out on the issues of the people of the state. the right way.
Ripun Bora, President of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee, said that the BJP government in Assam has two chief ministers, Sarbananda Sonowal, who was elected by the MLAs. Himanta Biswa Sarma, who is also the Prime Minister.
According to Saraswat, the departments related to science & technology, agriculture, health, education and other issues, will come forward to the central government to develop the region especially those who started in the last 2-3 years.
If this is the case, force has ruled, where will the nation stand when it has withered, a tree that has begun to wither from the roots that cannot rise again, whose sin is it, isn't it those who have not? have you thought about the rights? Fourthly, it was said that recently at DSC Baghmara, there were examinees who got mobile phones and stole them at the examination centre.
The first match of the day was between Umkei SC and Mawkhan SC in which the match was very interesting and by the end of the second half the match ended in a 2-2 draw.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 22: The Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap will hold a cleanliness drive on the 11th of this month from 8:00 am until the end of the month.
Herod used force and violence without counting the sin of blood and killed the innocent just for his own selfish gain, just to establish the throne and to prevent the implementation of justice and truth in domain.
The Coal Control Organization (CCO) has received information that there has been no coal mining in Meghalaya for four years.
Why can't they stand on the desire of the people to have a government led by the national parties? They are quick to support the party which many of the people have rejected.
The arrested persons and the seized items were handed over to the relevant departments.
Samla Wellbirth Rani, President of FKJGP and Convener of NEIPF-Meghalaya Chapter, said that the NEIPF will discuss many outstanding issues at this meeting especially the rights and welfare of the indigenous people. North Eastern region and the impact of laws/regulations issued by the Central Government from time to time.
On this day, the voters were also able to fulfill their duties in a spirit of peace and tranquility.
He said that the issuance of Aadhaar cards to the students is not only from St. Anthony's College but also from Nongstoin College, Nongpyndeng. They must have an Aadhaaar Card otherwise they will not be able to write the examination.
The daily life of people is difficult to imagine and as long as we learn the good but the bad still takes root in life.
Shillong, July 20 : The Central Election Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced the number of candidates for the 2023 MLA elections.
The General Secretary of EKHLTWA, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, said, “The Prime Minister should address this incident to discuss and not appeal to the law because it is an incident of serious mistake. Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
This will benefit 56,000 employees and 28,000 retirees.
In a meeting with the DM&HO, the union promised to take action to provide water within a month and the union made it clear that if it cannot provide water or accept the patients, it will close down or take other measures. and those in charge should take responsibility, said the union.
Therefore, today's match will be very interesting in which both the teams will fight to score 3 points in this tournament.
Fourteen Bangladeshis including four women and four children have been arrested from their house on the Sabroom border in northern Tripura, police said. .
The union has alleged that this is irresponsible to the people of West Khasi Hills.
All the Meghalaya government can do is to pass a resolution which will be passed by the Legislative Assembly.
I don't know what to do with my religion.
When it comes to the allegations of corruption in MeECL, in the smuggling of coal, illegal collection of money along the highway and in other areas, it is found that they end up in words.
Before the march, a short meeting was held at the community hall of Pammanik.
You don't hurt anyone.
Isaiah did not tell the Israelites about this, but they did not believe it then and even now.
The Governor also praised the MLCU for its courses that strive to support and develop the individuals as well as the community in the rural areas.
The celebration is also to commemorate the birth anniversary of Dr. Verghese Kurien who was the pioneer of making India a milk-rich country.
Pedestrians have been forced to refrain from traveling due to the heavy traffic jam.
During the raid, the leaders and members of FKJGP, raided about 4 otding factories in the area, where according to the findings of the raid, they revealed that The inspectors of these factories cannot produce the documents of those foreigners who are also employees in these factories.
He said that they have been ringed, planted and placed according to the needs of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien since ancient times when the khan ka kñia ordered to build a church in this place.
On behalf of the family of (L) SK Sunn, MLA, we request you friends, relatives and friends not to come to the public to condole, because the passing away of I was due to COVID-19, which requires all of us to avoid or stay away from, to avoid its spread.
We have requested for information from RTI to get detailed information on the list of beneficiaries and SHGs receiving various schemes including NULM and other Central Government schemes,” he said. that the people should not lose the benefits provided by the Central Government.
The Sports Committee of the KSU feels that if the State Government is serious about promoting sports in the state so that it can become a source of income and also so that they can win various medals in the National Games and The international tournament should provide accommodation, food and drink, transport and other basic needs of the athletes.
He said that the MLA of Mawphlang, Bah SK Sun, on learning of this, went to Balakhawa on 10th June, 2019 to see with his own eyes. He immediately wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the Chairman of the State Government and the CEM of KHADC. They urged them to take action and to set up a police station in the area.
It should be the same now.
Police responded to the scene and found the hidden body.
“The government should take responsibility to explain to the villagers in the state that if they want this demarcation to stand according to the documents from the past, this will not lead to anything. ".
Ma Lahkmen awarded the trophy and certificate to the winner while DSO awarded the trophy to the runner up.
The announcement of the votes will be on 2nd October 2023 and in this regard, U Nongsaiñ Hima has sought the opinion of several political party leaders on the expectations of the On the other hand, the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, said that when contesting any election, the the hope is always to achieve victory and not to fail.
Punjab, who won the toss, failed to bat first and could not stop the Delhi bowlers, who scored 213 runs in 20 overs for the loss of two wickets.
What is it to be a saint? Or who are the saints? In the religious sphere, especially in the sphere of Evangelical Christians (Christians who believe that physical life has no value), people are divided into two groups, the godly and the worldly.
After hearing about this woman's desire to watch the film 9-Lad which will be released at Bijou and Galeria, a woman interviewed her and said, “I really want to get Watch this movie 9 lads, I talked at home, my mother and brother said to release on the 9th but it will be on the 28th, February.
The Seng sends its blessings and congratulations to Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem who has been donating from time to time and especially during the Lockdown who has donated a lot to the Quarantine Center of the village.
These trees are lost because no one cares.
Speaking to reporters, Birbor Riangtem, Chairman of the Union, said that last year, former Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, T.Lyngwa, visited the area and collected Rangbah Shnongs to discuss development projects and others.
The court said that the government has not prepared those rules and the preparation is after four months and the implementation will continue after that if it is on 22nd November 2022 and The court also said that the government should comply with and implement the rules and regulations issued by the NGT on 8th November. .
The meeting was attended by the Adviser to the Ministry of Education, Bah HM Shapliang, MLA Rangsakona Constituency, Subir Marak, Executive Chairman of MBOSE, CP Marak, Secretary Education. Ambrose Ch Marak, Joint Director (Administration), Shillong Regional Office Bah Macdonald Marbaniang, senior officials and others.
The rally will be held at Mawlangsu Area, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills. There will also be a speech by the Syiem of Myriaw Hima; Members of the Association of Rangbah Shnongs, President of KSU Mawthadraishan Circle, Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women and Counselor of Iohlynti, a victim assistance group.
He also reminded the Government of India that the creation of new states based on the language and ethnic groups living in these areas will help to improve and strengthen democracy in the country. .
Speaking to reporters, these farmers expressed their deep sorrow over the problem they are facing, as besides having already given their land to the government for the construction of the farm. The Polytechnic, but only because of the presence of people who want to take advantage of the money and not deliver it to the land owners, which has caused the land owners to become angry and stop the construction.
On the other hand, Bah Damien Marwein, Chief Operating Officer of Supercare Hospital, in a statement, said that these rules are based on the best practices of treatment practiced around the world and have been developed. to improve patient safety and quality of care in hospitals.
It is impossible to sign without explaining all the rules to the public because we have the right to know how the land resources of the state will be used properly.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 2: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) has alleged that there has been a lack of conduct of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup football tournament 2023 from the beginning.
He recalled that according to the survey from 2017 to 2019, most of the deaths in road accidents are those who drive two wheelers because they do not use roads.
The Hima Mylliem will be in peace and order and the rule of law will go smoothly without any interference.
He said that this is also the main goal of (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh who opposed the sub state and was expelled by the APHLC leaders who accepted the sub state. , where he founded the HSPDP and through his leadership to welcome (L) Smt Indira Gandhi with flags when she came to Shillong after gaining independence.
Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJP) President Lalu Prasad Yadav today said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is desperate to win the elections next year and is now looking for a seat. to go abroad, when he wins the election.
The Executive Member (EM) in charge of the Market Department, Grace Mary Kharpuri, said that at the meeting held on 28th November, 2014, it was decided to cut kilos and taxes. and they brought him to Judah.
She said that unemployment is not only here in the state, but in other parts of the world.
The National Security Strategies Conference 2022 held in New Delhi on Friday was attended by Chief Ministers of the Ministry of Home Affairs Ajay Kumar Mishra, Nishith Pramanik. and the Heads of Central Intelligence Departments, CAPFs, CPOs and DGPs of Indian States, Amit Shah discussed how to maintain peace and order in the country.
Of the total amount, T.4,593.74 crore will have to be paid over the next three years, until 2024-2
On the other hand, the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenos Sohtun, who was also the chief guest, said that every year we plant trees on the occasion of World Environment Day in every village. The reason for this is that we have planted trees without looking after them and without taking care of them. They should also be cared for and watered so that they can grow in a proper manner as the people expect that through the planting of trees it will bring about the revival of the environment which has started to deteriorate as the days go by.
The President of the Seng, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, said that the Seng strongly condemns the attack by Assam to take over the land in Meghalaya and especially the violence even to destroy the houses without knowledge. The village and erected dewbilat posts to claim the ownership of the land in Khanapara.
Matthew 28:2-4.
The two Waheh Shnongs of the two villages, Iooksi and Khonshnong, have clarified the report on April 5 that there is a conflict between the West Jaintia National Council (WJNC) and the West Jaintia National Council (WJNC). these two villages.
There is no need to wait for that government until it decides.
On the part of the NPYF, we want it to succeed and get recognition and not end up in the discussion in Parliament,” said their spokesperson, Bah Bajop Pyngrope.
In West Garo Hills, 10 cases, 5 cases in South Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills, 3 cases in Ribhoi District, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
To not own the development schemes that this MLA has done is not right and it is up to the people how to judge and the people should understand clearly that the Nongmihkhmat is only a Shari but not a Shari. faithful to the Lord.
He said that the most important thing is not to point fingers at anyone, but to unite and be one.
Last month, the price of biscuits has dropped to 7 tyngka per kilo and today it will drop to 5 tyngka per kilo next month.
T.2 lakh was also handed over to the management of the Ryntih Sports and Cultural Club, while the remaining T.8 lakh will be handed over later.
The seizure of the trucks from Bhutan has prompted Bhutanese citizens in Guwahati to talk to the state authorities and the government authorities said they are investigating the matter.
Earlier, a question was raised on the decision of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to conduct a two-way examination between candidates who study from the government sector and those who do not study from the government sector.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Umiam, has expressed its deep sorrow over the rejection by the Directorate of Commerce and Industries, Meghalaya, on the intention of the Dorbar Shnong to appoint volunteers in various factories. There are also many others in the Industrial Area of ​​Umiam.
In addition, the Laitkyrhong 'B' group of Hima Khyrim has won the title of the stieh Bormanik Syiem who is the head of the committee, which was donated to the group with the stieh khun ( replicate).
He also expressed his satisfaction to inform that the Legal Services Authorities have played an important role in providing services to the people through the law in this regard to ensure that the refugees receive urgent assistance. and it is timely.
Police have registered a case under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Lorenzo Musetti (ITA) 190019.
Banerjee said in West Bengal, the government has already implemented a law to curb the smuggling of coal and the TMC will do the same in Meghalaya if it comes to power.
“If the government takes action, the Rs 2,500 crore debt of the department will be reduced,” he said.
Before the Holy Mass, Fr. Paul O Lyngkot SDB Provincial as the chief guest unveiled the statue of St. Don Bosco and St. Domanic Savio. Salesian Missionaries in Jaintia Hills in the presence of Fr. Henrie Warbah SDB (Rector & Parish Priest), Fr. Carmel Myrthong SDB and Fr. Donborlang Kurbah SDB. They are only small instruments before God, they are only carriers of God's message to save the name of Jesus Christ.
In the first half, Jeffry Senong scored the first goal for Ïawpaw Football Club in the 26th minute. Laitkynsew Resort FC scored another goal in the 63rd minute through Damanbhalang Chyne and Laitkynsew Resort FC didn't lose heart but fought hard to score the first goal in the 67th minute. Fernando Kurkalang scored one goal for Laitkynsew Resort FC to encourage the players to continue fighting but many attempts failed.
“We would also like to thank the Doctors, Counselors and staff from NEIGRIHMS Hospital who came to provide all the necessities for this program and through their cooperation we were able to make the program a success,” he said. Chairman, Blood Donation Cell, HYC-CEC, Shillong Bah Wellanstar Warpih.
The youth still love him, even though he discouraged them from getting vaccinated against Covid at that time.
Therefore, the cleanliness of the Kyntoit has been repaired today and this step has been taken by the union to restore the cleanliness of the Kyntoit.
Conrad was accompanied by government ministers including Banteidor Lyngdoh, AL Hek, Samlin Malngiang and others who also sent a letter to the Prime Minister.
Lah he water artad.
“We have decided not to contest because as members of the House, we believe and expect that the Lamphang as the overseer of all the members, must also look after all the members and be at the center of all,” he said. Mr. Ronnie.
They are, one – the Office Memorandum or OM of the Personnel Department on the Maintenance of Reservation Roster; and secondly – ​​the first unemployment announcement, in which it is clearly stated that the employment rate favors another ethnic group.
Because we are in the Opposition we will oppose and now they want to join (with the Government) I cannot say anything.
The truck was driven by Merajul Islam from Nogoan, Assam with the intention of dropping the cows off at Laitlyngkot.
Sleep deprivation also affects many health issues related to metabolic disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity and high blood pressure.
“We need a lot of land from the Animal Husbandry Department, which is not less than 60 acres and 13,000 sq ft,” he said.
"She's very happy and she says it's evening...' Deisy replied. "Bahnah smiled and laughed. 'That's right..." She agreed. Daisy.
The way she speaks not only affects the country and the nation, but also herself.
There will be no restriction on the public to walk or drive through the Mawkhar Road but the cleanliness drive will not be affected. The road is located along the Mawkhar road.
FKJGP West Khasi Hills President Chandra Nongdkhar, while talking to reporters at the FKJGP office in Nongstoin, said that the government has not taken into account the The report was sent by the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills.
The construction of the new C&RD Block Building will start soon.
“Recently, the HYC has already done RTI on the Smart Meter Project and we have already explained and we have seized the documents to explain,” he added.
The family members of the child have lodged a complaint against the suspect and the police have arrested him and after investigation he has been sent to the District Court for further investigation.
Eating vegetables provides nutrition, improves health and provides fiber which helps to digest food and prevents constipation.
In this regard, the Syiem of Jirang Hima said that he is ready to hold peace talks with the JAC and the Kur Wahlang Phra kpoh and resolve the issues within the Hima. the two sides in the last month of this month.
The EJNC in a meeting with the DM&HO urged the management of the CHC to inspect the chicken farm of Vesper Lamare near Khliehriat CHC and to pay the compensation.
The government should stop buying vehicles.
Jesus did not cry when he was crucified.
“Speaking about people at risk of Mucormycosis, he said: “90% – 95% of people who have Mucormycosis are diabetics or steroid users.
The widespread mining of stone and shyiap across Meghalaya will put the state and its people in a lot of trouble.
Ummawleiñ has two ponds but one of these ponds has been polluted due to the flooding of the Nala from Mawlai Motsyiar and Syllaikariah villages while the other is a rocky outcrop. not very small.
Besides, the most sad and shocking thing for the Jaidbynriew is the murder of Rangbah Tyngshain Mukhim who lives in Khlieh Umwang.
The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court has expressed its expectation that the 23 parking lots in Meghalaya will be fully operational.
"More than 100 political and party leaders have been arrested in the area so far," a Jammu and Kashmir government official said.
In the incident, the Alto owned by Alex Pohchna collapsed and it took two hours to rescue Damechanlang, who was sitting in the back seat. Samroi, who was sitting in front of the vehicle, said that he did not know how the incident happened as he was asleep but was surprised to see that the incident occurred. Your friend is dead.
Skills Development for Quality Staff 03 Certificate Courses for Staff and 15 Certificate Courses for Product Certification have been conducted at BIS Labs throughout the year.
Jowai, Jymmang 7: From time to time, the residents of Jaintia Hills District have been protesting against the deterioration of the roads in the area. The Minister in charge of PWD, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar today personally visited the area to inspect the condition of the road.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Spain has risen to 324, bringing the total number of cases to 24,9
In connection with this incident, police have arrested four persons, including two contractors, the investigation is ongoing.
The Secretary of the PDF Zonal Committee, Bah Dengbok Kurkalang, said that Amanda Pakyntein has decided to contest the MDC election after a meeting of the office bearers and supporters of the PDF. The MDC candidates include Martle N Mukhim of the HSPDP, who is also an MLA and former Minister, and Olet Kharsahnoh of the Congress.
Shillong, Nailar 9 : Although Block II has 213 villages covering an area of ​​384 square miles, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Border Area Raid Nongtung has said that it wants only 18 Khasi villages to return. from Assam to Meghalaya so that they can live in peace and harmony.
The state has increased the number of ventilators from 4 to
Other awards include Best Cat Walk for Firstlin Roy Kam, Beautiful Hair for Rortunate Mika Dkhar, Best Costume for Rimika Dkhar and Beautiful Smile for Hakani Phawa.
I cannot do otherwise.
He said that since the start of mining in 2004, the road has deteriorated twice from Majai to Pyntha Umdan (Ichamati).
He was also elected President of the Conference of Catholic Bishops of India (CCBI) twice, from 2001-2004 and 2011-2
Nongrum was able to come in front of Ambilstar Sun and with his header the ball went straight into the net.
The riew hadem is cultivated to feed the cattle and some also feed the pigs to grow bigger and stronger.
Shallang, July 7: On the 4th of this month, a complaint was received from Mithun Lama, 35, of Songsak village, Shallang. His wife Sujata Thapa, 24, and daughter Arunima Lama, 9, have been missing since 25th June 2022 and have not returned home yet.
There is also a place to test the people for HIV.
Last Sunday, the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Shehbaz Sharif, announced a national day of mourning on Tuesday.
The meeting was attended by Government Ministers Ampareen Lyngdoh and Paul Lyngdoh, MLAs and MDCs of KHADC, civil society groups from KSU, JSU, FKJGP, HYC, CORP. The KAS held a public meeting at Jantar Mantar in Delhi and the JSU leaders including the President Jersom Shylla and General Secretary Youth.
“The Prime Minister has promised to promulgate the Rules of the Resident Safety and Security Act on the 15th of July while the Rules of the Benami Transaction Act 1958 will be promulgated after July,” he said. .
The UCC has been enshrined in Article 44 of the Constitution of India from the beginning, but no Government has ever implemented the UCC. Because there are many differences, especially in India where there are many different religions and ethnic groups, it is difficult to enforce the rules and regulations, which must be followed by all.
He said this does not mean that just because other states have done, Meghalaya should also pass the resolution.
Shillong, July 24 : The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Saturday submitted a budget of less than 55,080 tyngka for the 2023-24 fiscal year.
The International Pepper Community has awarded him the title of “Best Pepper Grower from India” in
As the organization, we have taken this opportunity to join hands with the village and some of the elders after waiting for a long time for this village to get a road because it is a famous village. In the legend, it is the place where Sngap Sing Syiem, the king of the Hima Maharam, lived and this king is regarded as one of the freedom fighters against the Dohlieh.
In this incident, the residents of Rymbai Shynrang Sakhaiñ have arrested Deishim O Lamurong (26 years old) from Rymbai Shynrang Sakhaiñ while he was burning down the house. managed to escape because of the darkness.
“We have decided to give support from outside the government to lead by the ethnic parties if they don't accept the rules we have set but this plan of ours has failed because not only the VPP but especially the people have been turned away. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Ardent in a speech at the Polo Ground.
The decision was taken by MCPC leaders including Phes Mangu, President Mathias Mynsong, General Secretary, Advisors Marius Jyrwa and Edmond Marten. Youth Leaders Barnabas Manih, Adviser to the Youth Body, Hoping Shadap and thousands of people of the area were also present.
However, on that day, it was said that there were only a few minor earthquakes which were not dangerous or did not affect the coastal parts of the area.
“After conducting a thorough investigation into the IED blast in Udhampur by LeT militants through Pakistani militants, the NIA has filed a chargesheet against them. two LeT militants," a police force spokesman said.
BJP Chief Whip in the Odisha Legislative Assembly, Mohan Majhi, told reporters that the Mid-Day Meal (MDM) in Jeypore Block of Koraput district has been named after the corruption scandal. He said that the program on the provision of nutritious food to children has been abandoned by the BJD government by encouraging corruption.
MEMRIWU has ended its indefinite strike after the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo called for talks with the union leaders on Tuesday evening.
Why do you need to wear a mask and stay away from each other? If a person infected with Covid 19 sneezes, this produces a sputum containing the virus, which can be passed on to others.
For example, the rules of the Island of Kashmir are different from those of other Kingdoms.
The two men, one of whom is said to be the Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat, have not been found yet.
The neglect of the Autonomous District Councils and the Chiefs of Hima in the demarcation of the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam is exactly like the land owner.
He also urged the youth who have reached the age of 18 years to register their names on the Electoral Roll so that they can take part in any elections for public leaders.
The DC's office has taken this decision as part of the implementation of the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare as part of the fight against the corona virus by restricting public gatherings especially inside the state. Shillong is still in the Orange Zones.
The government had introduced the Bill in the Rajya Sabha today but AGP MPs Biren Baishya and Kumar Deepak Das had rejected the Bill in the House.
Shillong: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education, Government of Meghalaya, today announced that schools will be closed until 20th July
IQAC Coordinator Dr. S. Sharma, gave a speech on the life and contribution of Dr. SR Ranganathan while Dr. (Mrs.) Evakorlang Kharkongor, gave a speech on how to build the IQAC. minds of emerging adolescents.
“During the investigation, police said that Bah Jeofreeson Jana, has confessed to being involved in the murder of his children and said that he did not find any reason for them and he did not find any reason. understand why he took their lives," said the police officer.
B.Khyriem Secretary of the Union said that they have made it clear that the villages accept development works and all the villages want development works but it should be in a clear path.
However, she said that these vehicles should have proper challans from the Umling Weight Bridge to ensure that the weight of the cargo should be within 15 metric tonnes.
Shah Rukh Khan, who is close to Karan, will take the role, which is expected to suit Taimur.
Suddenly she said to another person, “How come... My father came to tell me what...?” She closed her eyes again to continue the dream but it didn't come anymore.
The participants of the program also exhibited their traditional costumes, contemporary costumes and others.
To strengthen the security against foreign infiltration, the government has set up the Directorate of Infiltration.
They said that in some schools, parents have stopped sending their children to school due to inability to pay school fees.
We cannot forget their service to the country.
He said the Meghalaya People's Labor Union and the Hynniewtrep Tourist Taxi Association (HTTA) have already lodged a complaint with the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (HTTA) regarding the implementation of Fastag. car.
Meghalaya in collaboration with other Government departments has been the first in the country to reduce the number of tobacco shops near schools.
Mewada Shylla scored 89 runs for Hills United CC.
“The government is determined to upgrade the workforce at NEIAH to make it the most qualified Ayush personnel in the country.
It aims to address issues related to food insecurity affecting children, young women, pregnant women and lactating mothers through a shift from the type of food served and the delivery of these and also by bringing a holistic approach to promoting lifestyles that promote health, well-being and immunity.
The union also alleged that recently it has inspected many timber factories in Jaintia Hills and found that most of the timber factories are owned by people. from Jaintia Hills while in fact they said that it was run by foreigners and their ownership remained only in the name of Benami.
“Why these villages after the first round of talks are surprised, the reason is that they have seen that there are insurgent groups who stand up to say that they want to be in Assam and some say that they want to be in Assam. I don't want to go to Meghalaya.
In Meghalaya, there is a shortage of rice, whether it is seeds or rice production, but there is another way to eliminate this through the ARC, which will also bring about change.
He was arrested at 5:30 pm from a house in Pohktieh.
Although there are many things that the RSM has found, these are some of the most important.
On the other hand, the MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, handed over 45 pieces of land which he has already registered with the District Council. He said that there are still more dulir of the people who have not been able to complete but he promised to continue to monitor.
There are rivers like Riangken, Radiak, Ryndi, Pormawïap, Matsaw, Porla, Porsuhbuit, Kiang and Jira.
“The Chief Minister of Assam is also a person who still understands to speak with mutual understanding and we believe that this issue can be resolved,” he said.
The petition said that the mining has caused serious damage to the villages as it affects their drinking water especially those villages like Am Dap, Am Keajing, Am Soh Mahaleng, Am Dap, Am Keajing, Am Soh Mahaleng, I am Daloi, I am Latyrngui, I am Khlew, I am Tren, I am Tuma, I am Amdohkha and Amlymphung, I am Hynshyai Duwar, I am Kru, I am Khruk Khuk, I am Ho, I am Tkhiang.
The chief priests therefore said to Judas, "Let us know where we are. It is you. Immediately Judas threw the money into the temple, went away and committed suicide. Matthew 27:3-5.
Through the planting and burial, to support Sarada Sadan.
The Government, in collaboration with the Central Government, hopes to take immediate action to improve the beauty of this market, as almost every day tourists from India and also from abroad visit the country. Bangladeshis come to visit this place which is a famous trade route between the two countries.
The body of the woman was taken to Khliehriat Civil Hospital for post mortem. The union urges the police to conduct an investigation and They also to investigate and track down those bloodthirsty people involved in the murder of this woman and also to punish those involved according to the law.
Thus, the rain is the time when the land of the Lord (Israel) will be divided.
There are some people who feel that the business is only for those who work in coal, mining, saipan and so on.
“In fact, almost every month and month, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Prime Minister's Symbud, Prestone Tynsong, come to Delhi from time to time but they don't see any news or tell us that they have visited Delhi. ka ILP.Except after once or twice the resolution has been passed, it has been suspended and there is no proper follow-up.
In the men's category, Patharkhmah Govt Higher SS played against Patharkhmah Basketball Team and in a spectacular match, Patharkhmah Basketball Team won the match. 42-31 against Patharkhmah Government Higher SS. In the women's category, St. Peter's SS Umkadhor beat Patharkhmah Basketball Team 42-31 against Patharkhmah Basketball Team. In the men's category, the winner of the men's category received a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy, while the loser received a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy. the amount of money is T.
Coal-related PSUs have prepared an investment plan of nearly Rs 2.5 lakh crore before 2030 in new jobs, clean coal-related technologies, and development of new mines .
“The questions we would like to ask the Minister of Home Affairs is whether the State Government is still more concerned about the polluting factories or whether the border with the Hynniewtrep people living in Borders?  Why have only 10-15 policemen been deployed in Khanduli Sector but 50-60 policemen to protect the polluting factories?” he asked.
On this subject, the Word of God says; “You lab a lot, you collect a little.
Police, after completing the legal requirements, handed over the bodies to the family members and the investigation is ongoing.
He alleged that the Municipal's decision is unfair as the Act has been implemented since
One of the issues raised by these leaders is that the state government has announced that the term of these DSC candidates has expired and some of them have exceeded the age limit. to get rungkam.
When Jesus spoke to the Samaritan woman, the Samaritan woman said – “I know that Messiah is coming, who is called Christ ...... the Samaritans in that town believed in Jesus.
The Sacrament confirms the great love that led Jesus to give His life for us.
Leston had contested the 2008 MLA election from the Congress party but in 2013 he was removed from the ticket and in that election he lost to Dr. Donkupar Roy.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has awarded a special recognition to the prominent composer of the Khasi Hills who also composed the song “Meinah-Panah ha u Prah”, which has helped the VPP to win up to four MLAs in the 2023 MLA elections.
you have to pay.
Justice Phukan said the Commission has already informed the District Administration, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya that any person, witnesses and those who have information about the incident ha Mukroh) may appear before the Commission today and give evidence.
Not only that, other crops, such as tyrpad leaves, have been severely damaged due to the strong earthquake last night.
The people of Meghalaya have unanimously voted that no party can win the majority (31 seats) in the 60-member Assembly.
The question raised by the residents is whether the PWD engineers including SA, JE, SDO or EE inspect or not during the rainy season or whether this road maintenance is only to bill the contractor of no one. in? Ma OR Shallam said that at first they were happy to see that the PWD has repaired the road, but the repair has been too complete and even the clean places have been destroyed.
He said that this time, the M3 will be used for EVMs and VVPATs where, “if there is an attempt to steal, the machine will turn back to Factory Reset Mode...” He said. He said that the registration has been completed until the polling day on the 2nd of October.
Acts 2:3
Adelbert and Bonney had lodged a complaint against Pyndapbor Saiborn in Delhi and claimed that they had the right to be the leaders of the party.
May this Christmas bring peace and happiness to our hearts and souls.
Prof.Dr.Henry Lamin, the founder of the school, while speaking on the occasion, said that he has taken this responsibility to build and start this school to improve the quality of education. education for the children of the village and for the children of Labang-Nongphyllut Block-I who do not have schools in their villages.
More and more people came from all over the country as employees in Central Offices, Banks and other workplaces and many other factors.
After receiving the complaint, the union has gone to witness for itself and found out the cause of the pollution of the shop. The union has also prohibited that until it can provide all the requirements according to the rules of the department in charge of food and drink hygiene and also according to the understandings the union cannot open this shop. store.
“We also discussed the demand for the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra, the implementation of the Inner Line Permit and to allow the State Government to implement the MRSSA,” he said.
There is a story of Easop.
As Prime Minister Modi said, If the villagers are bright, the whole country will be bright.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong SC beat Nongrim Hills SC 1-0 in the seventh match of the SSA U-18 SPL today. .
The arrested driver confessed that the weapons were intended to be delivered to the GNLA captor at Mendipathar.
About five hours before the start of the HYC meeting, police and army surrounded the place where Bah Adelbert Nongrum was buried. Every village in the Civil Area was filled with policemen in stem jackets and thohrew uniforms.
Regarding the incident, the President of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU), Shillong Circle, EC Dkhar, said that he had asked the staff of the house, and they said that it was true. The employee of the house expressed his surprise that the robbers have been able to enter the residences in Domitries. He said that this is not the first time that this incident has happened.
Furthermore, the Minister said that by being able to link the manufacturers, the tourism sector and the local entrepreneurs will be one of the opportunities to open up and benefit in terms of income generation and in the earning lad.
Referring to education, he said that if the ethnic parties come to power, they will provide adequate education to the youth so that they will no longer have to go abroad for higher education.
Conrad said that regarding the RTCPR test, the government will not be able to set up laboratories in all districts due to the high cost and the need to hire staff.
The meeting was led by the Head of the Centre, Dr. Jennifer War, Dean, Academics, MLCU along with Dr. Lavinia Mawlong, Assistant Professor, Dr. Monisha Behal. , CEO, North East Network (NEN) in her speech, I added on the need to achieve equality in society which works and is equal in all sectors of society and which goes hand in hand with the empowering women.
The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by UDP Leader Titosstarwell Chyne on July The election was held after 17 MDCs supported the no-confidence motion moved by the NPP MDC, Bah Bajop Pyngrope.
The area is 59.9 Sq.
The truth we hear is that after many years of struggle we have gained independence from the rule of foreigners.
Turn to now.
The Khasi-Jaintia Federated State Conference is a group that wants the Sixth Schedule and under the leadership of Rev JJM Nichols Roy, who is also a Member of the Constituent Assembly from Assam, the Khasi States have been upgraded to the Sixth Schedule. The Sixth Schedule is also against the decision of the Khasi States Constitution Making Durbar held from April to July
The state government has set up about 26 temporary shelters in four districts, she said.
And you don't get anywhere.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that in East Khasi Hills District, 1,283 people have been tested positive for Covid-1
In Bihar, Jharkhand, the same rules apply in relation to ration cards, except in Meghalaya. the department declined to comment.
The meeting was chaired by UDP Leader and Minister Metbah Lyngdoh.
The public is requested to come to the residential area in Khliehriat and at the Block Offices of Khliehriat and Saipung during working hours to get Token No. along with certificates to prove that they are residents. .
However, he said the government has made it clear that the HNLC should stop carrying weapons and other illegal activities if it wants to talk to the government.
SS Synkrem and EL Dkhar were appointed as Convenors.
The National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization today sent its recommendation to the Government of India, but the distance will be only for those who have been injected with Covishield, not Covaxin.
The matches tomorrow will be between Pateinki Sabah FC vs Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong at 11 pm, Saindur Mihmyntdu vs Khliehmuchut Shangpung at 1 pm and Mawsiang FC vs Nongkhroh FC at 1 pm. Iong-I FC played at 3 pm.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HYC Ri-Muliang Pyllun President Distarbor Wanniang said that the HYC is trying to count the damage caused by the cyclone in the area.
He said to curb the drug trade and prevent the users, the government should take strong measures.
On the 26th of this month, Barimon Laloo was arrested under the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 by Lumdiengjri Police Station. First Class, Shillong Court, he was fined T.3,5
It was a thrilling match between the two teams from the start of the match in which Lajong beat Gokulam with the support of the crowd inside the stadium.
In fact, everyone should be given the opportunity to talk.
Other promotion achievements came from Sri Lanka where Prabath Jayasuriya has continued his good form since the beginning of the Test series.
“I would like to say to the supporters of the VPP that they should not doubt us because we as a party will never thank the people who have elected us. prayer because we have to go through these five years in the midst of many difficulties,” said Bah Ardent.
On the other hand, u Wailadmiki in his speech said that now is the world of unemployment and therefore it is necessary to think about how to find ways and means how to set up our own businesses, not to rely only on government jobs.
“The patrolling in the village will continue until complete peace is achieved,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Every year, the Dorbar Shnong Patharkhmah together with the Seng Samla Shnong Patharkhmah, have been holding such a New Year celebration which is also a sign to show to the world that they are still preserving their customs and traditions. The custom, by holding the Bamkhana village and the dance all night.
“There are some leaders who have said that this VPP election is a new path which has never happened before in the history of Garo Hills. “It's easier to explain than to expect to harvest the fruit immediately, but it's not something that can't happen,” he added.
“The people should not allow such unfounded people because they are trying to mislead the people”, said the President of the BJYM. Shillong, November 12: From morning till 2 pm. Today, it was seen that the vendors from Motphran to Bijoy have spread their goods along the roads along the footpaths and it was seen that the people were standing in crowds to buy clothes, juti, food. alumuri and others.
:The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, on the 5th July, 2024 held a program at the Conference Hall, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, on the 5th July, The names and numbers of voters in the 32 Nongstoin (ST) Assembly Constituencies, 33 Rambrai Jyrngam (ST) Assembly Constituencies and 34 Mawshynrut Assembly Constituencies have been distributed. Three Electoral Registration Officers in charge of these three Assembly Constituencies including Bah HK Thabah, MCS, Bah V. Swer, MCS, Electoral Registration Officer, 33- Rambrai Jyrngam (ST) Assembly Constituency and I Bah M.A Challam, MCS, Electoral Registration Officer, 34- Mawshynrut (ST) Assembly Constituency.
The state salary of ASHAs and assistants is 1500 tyngka and 500 tyngka per month, respectively, and this has been increased to 3,000 and 1,000 tyngka.
Secondly, the presence of companies in Narpuh District, does not benefit us the people of Narpuh border area in terms of economic development, employment and if allowed to star cement to quarry or to repair what has already been destroyed will benefit only this company.
The other is the song “To sow the seed.
However, when she left Amethi, she wrote that she had completed her commerce degree for only 1 year.
In another match, Umrynjah SC beat Dilingiem YSCWA 2-1 goals. Dilingiem opened the scoring through Rijoylang Syiemlieh in the 18th minute, but Umrynjah SC managed to turn the tide. Keeperstar Lyngdoh (44) and Banteilang Kharsngi (50) scored the second goal.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KYGP) in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Dawki, Rangbah Shnong Lamin and Secretary Sohkha Shnong, today held a meeting with the District authorities to suspend the trade through Tamabil LCS. The Sengbhalang and the Village Authorities strongly oppose this forced opening of the Government. Without providing properly the necessary safety measures because it poses a serious threat to our area without providing or preparing the necessary facilities or health facilities if the Corona virus reaches War Jaintia, and if it cannot be controlled at this time when this disease is spreading rapidly even in the remote areas of the state, it will be a disaster in the future.
At the same time, Nehemayah Tyngkan said that after a thorough consideration, he has decided to contest again as the MLA candidate from the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency from the Congress Party.
In another development, Grace Mary Kharpuri has sent only her resignation letter from the post of EM, not as a member of the ARPA. Grace and Process also announced their resignation from the ARPA.
Similarly, elections belong to the people and not to political parties or the government or the Election Commission of India.
The President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Bah Marbud Dkhar, said that about 7,000 youths have applied for the post and about 3,000 youths have come to write the examination.
However, the most important question is whether the monthly visits of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to Delhi will benefit the state and the people of the state or will it be just a visit to introduce himself as the Chief Minister. I don't feel like I have to go to Delhi.
He expressed his concern over the behavior of the MDCs in KHADC until it has become a game.
The closing date for submission of applications is on 18th July at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
Shillong, March 4: A vehicle collision occurred at Robert Hospital, Jaiaw, Mawlai Iewrynghep and Mawlai Nonglum Highways this morning.
At the same time, wealth is not the only foundation for building society and the kingdom.
It will be justice for the people when the government has been able to remove all the iit iong from the vehicles.
They demanded that the Director of Health Services (MI) Dr Aman War should appoint doctors at Jarain PHC, Pdengshakap PHC and Nongtalang CHC.
On the other hand, regarding the presence of plastic bags in manla rice, it is the government's policy and this bag of rice is an advertisement that benefits the people and not bad but through the information from the Ministry of Food and Beverages in the country.
As we have witnessed in the past years since the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government took over, it cannot be said that there are many challenges but there are also achievements that the government has achieved. in the last five years.
Pastor Rev.T.Mukhim said, “Wealth is not evil, it is a help to us and the country as a whole. One thing if we don't misuse it, the fear is that we create ways and means that are not just for us to get rich.
When asked, he said, “The time will come when the party will do something.
“To Mother, don't worry about that... Let's go to bed tomorrow when our daughter knows about it.
The damage to roads and property has been severe but the Government is still collecting counts.
As it has started to snow in the past two or three days, the MeECL authorities have not turned off the electricity either in the morning or in the evening.
This has put the pigs at great risk, especially the spread of the African Swever Flue.
Ulrika Jonsson, has been overjoyed when she and her husband have been released last month.
According to the Chief Superintendent of Police, West Karbi Anglong District, Assam, Imdad Ali, told reporters; “At 3 pm, police of the Assam Forest Department seized a truck on the border with Meghalaya, suspected to be carrying timber.
Although we have a lot of sohniamtra in Khasi-Jaintia, the production of sohniamtra is still low.
It cannot be forgotten that in the past few years, there has been a clash between the people and the army in the area of ​​Lapalang village where the army has started to force and destroy the residential areas of the people or the army. Civilian area.
In another incident, police have seized two IED bombs during a search operation at Rechangre, West Garo Hills. another in a pressure cooker and another in a tin.
Police have also arrested Mew Rymbai and Batskhem Dkhar from Mulang and Ladsutnga for involvement in mining coal from their mines despite the NGT ban. They were arrested and had to be released immediately because they had not received anticipatory bail.
They have given training in Jongksha, Bhoi, Nongrah and other places, said Bah Nongsiang.
Of course, there are many things that have to be done and the work has gone smoothly,” he added.
About 16 states have followed the CBSE syllabus and Assam is one of the states which has done so among others.
We have followed all the rules and there has been nothing wrong and if the Prime Minister has already said that there is nothing in the investigation report we have to believe that the investigation report has not found anything because the investigation headed by a retired Judge," he said.
It is the Regulation 1952, which many people don't know exists, including Bah Bindo M. Lanong, who said that para 19 (1) (b) does not fall within the ILP. And he said, How shall the youngest son be born unto his brethren? I don't know until I win the fourth bye-election (December 2016) and when I was re-elected as CEM in July 2017, I don't know that there is a United Khasi-Jaintia Hills. When I read the letter sent from the Secretariat, which included the Memorandum of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, which it had sent to Dr. Mukul Sangma, Sangma, Chief Minister at that time, which included many demands, one of those demands, which came to the forefront, was the ILP. I wondered why the Memorandum seeking ILP would be sent to the District Council.
There was a crowd of about a hundred men.
The UDP, one of the largest ethnic parties in the state, has faced difficulties in the last elections due to the failure to win many MLAs in the Legislative Assembly and the departure of MDCs who won from the Legislative Assembly. party in the District Council.
“The construction of the road will not take long because the company is quick to implement, what is needed is to provide the land acquisition first,” said the PWD chief. The BSF this evening arrested two Bangladeshis from Dawki after they smuggled into the Indian border.
“Many of us who have grown up have struggled, but it is not so for the child,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
However, tonight, the party has arrested foreigners from Uttar Pradesh who want to come to rest in our state. If Uttar Pradesh has been affected by the spread of Covid-19, what will happen to other foreigners?
It is the most useful drink in the world.
It was decided at the meeting that the border disputes between the two states will continue to be discussed before the Local Commission until
There are three varieties of shynrai in the State especially in Jaintia Hills: Lakadong, Lacheiñ and Ladaw produced by ICAR. to avoid insect bites.
“For God is the King of the earth.
Last year, in 2020, these illegal soldiers shot and injured a Rangbah from Huroi village named Dibus Ksiar. , by grabbing him from his neck and raping him severely and also the same BSF personnel who were patrolling in the same area; They have been violent to the extreme in these few days, in which they have shocked the passengers and drivers of this area, who walk on this road, especially the women.
L. Lyngdoh, Ex-Secretary of the Women's Assembly of the KJP Assembly, also launched the Seminary Magazine.
The tournament will be played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Northeast, Jowai.
The mother gave him a piece of bread to eat the next day.
), whose origin is in the mountains.
It was also a pride for him as he scored against India's leading goalkeeper Gurpreet Sing Sandhu.
According to a statement issued by the police, there will be NO Entry for vehicles in some parts of Shillong from 10:30 am to 12:30 pm.
““We express our regret that no one from the Government of Meghalaya, from the Prime Minister or so on has condemned the incident.
Today's match will be between Mukhla Evergreen and Nangbah Iawmusiang at 12 noon.
The main program of the day was the awarding ceremony for Samla Wanborlang Wansai, who scored 100 out of 100 in the Subject Mathematics in the SSLC examination this year and Nishan Talukdar, who came in the top 100 in Mathematics. 17th in the SSLC examination from MBoSe this year.
The difference ranges from education, the introduction of technologies and equipment in the efficient distribution of information.
Nongpoh, Naitung 11: Three persons were seriously injured when a truck collided with two vehicles on the National Highway-6 at Mawdiangum Nongpoh today. and lap.
On the other hand, Fr.Glorious Syiemlieh, Parish Priest of Umden Parish, expressed his gratitude and the school has been looking forward to such a day, to honor the MLA who is also the son of Umden Parish. this school.
Prestone promised that the Government has taken seriously this issue and has taken the necessary action.
Now is the time to pray earnestly and call upon God in the name of Jesus of Nazareth, for all authority has been given to me in heaven and on earth.
UNFPA officials said they cannot say when India will surpass China in population especially as India's 2021 census is yet to be completed.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad Sangma recalled the work that Purno Sangma has done for Garo Hills and the state as a whole and the NPP will continue to work on the basis of this leader. he died and he worked.
“We welcome these four suspended persons and we have also had talks with them but the decision is up to them whether they want it or not,” he said.
According to a statement sent by Bah Lurshai Wahlang, Secretary of the Nongpoh Bar Association, the Association has immediately denied the allegation. Nongpoh Advocate, face difficulties as lawyers, due to the lack of office space.
The winners were 1st Prize: 5513 of 20,000 tyngka, 2nd Prize: 7983 of 50,000 tyngka and 3rd Prize: 10378 of 5,000 tyngka.
He said 865 persons have been detained in Aizawl district, 111 in Kolasib district, 52 in Mamit district bordering Tripura, 43 in Mizoram's Searchhip district and 27 in Champhai district.
“Speaking on Bah Hamlet's departure from the PDF to join the NPP, “It shows that he has no basis and he is going straight to that selfish campaign,” he said.
At the time of writing, the West Jaintia Hills Police have not yet arrested the suspect.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has expressed its regret and urged the government to set up 100 readymade Corona Care Centers in Jaintia Hills. Care Center is located in Jaintia Hills.
Anyone who violates the law shall be liable to punishment under Section U/S 25 1B, (h) which states that anyone who fails to carry firearms and ammunition shall be liable to punishment under Sub Section (1) of Section 21... shall be liable to imprisonment for not less than one year which may extend to 3 years with a fine.
In 2016, Suresh, from Krishnagiri, Tamil Nadu, fled his home, leaving behind his wife, Jayaprada and Jaya. After that, she lodged a complaint with the police, but she could not find him.
This has caused heavy traffic jam and affected the traffic of the people, especially those who have to return to their villages.
Speaking on the statement written by the Law Minister, Kiren Rijiju that Meghalaya will get more BJP MLAs so that issues like ILP will come into force, Dr. Kharlukhi said, “If the government The center accepts as you say, so what else prevents them from issuing ILP in Meghalaya.
This was stated by Grace Mary Kharpuri while speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Annual Sports Meet of Ïewrynghep Secondary School, Mylliem on Friday at the Football Ground of Ïewrynghep.
However, in doing so, at first glance, it appears to be a nuclear family; but if we look closely, the difference is Heaven and Earth – the Father is not the head of the Family (the Mother and the Children – the Father alone).
The poor house was constructed under the JNNURM scheme of the Central Government to provide housing to the poor people from the urban areas.
The manager, Hassan Malik, has agreed not to reduce or cut the salaries of the employees.
This message calls for us to be clean.
Shillong: U Sharaj Nongbri, Secretary of the Block Congress Committee of the Wahingdoh Unit, today resigned from the Congress party.
“We are grateful for your contribution to education through your dedication, which is a great wealth for our children in the society,” he said.
The Dutch agriculture ministry said on Sunday that several workers had been confirmed positive for the coronavirus. and it spread from man to beast.
The meeting was attended by Satyendra Tripathi, Co-In charge of BJP Meghalaya and it was decided to hold rallies in Shillong, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills to protest against corruption and the state government's failure to provide “The rights of the people of the state,” said Bah Egenstar.
She lodged a complaint with the police that she had taken the vehicle from Mairang to TSM Hospital, Mairang (WKH), but the driver did not take her to the place where she intended to go. He said that he had shot and threatened her while he was trying to rape her.
He said that this will be done through the three District Councils namely KHADC, JHADC and GHADC as the District Councils have a great role to play in employing the youth of the state. District Councils shall work together with the State Government.
If so, why don't they stay at home? The other 89 people who went to vote on the EVM, know how, who, where, because it was found that up to 89 people voted incorrectly and were rejected ( rejected).
“This is a tragedy.
He said that education is important in this age where as young people should not waste their time in useless jobs but to become successful students in their studies and as well as in the skills they have, because without education it is unfounded for the youth in this age.
“When we have seen with our own eyes, we understand the problems faced by the people living in this area,” said the state government officials.
The residents of Shangbangla have informed the police and NHAI. The driver of the truck was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment.
According to police, some armed men had already waited on the road where the vehicle was supposed to pass through on that day and opened fire on all the policemen who were on duty. inside the vehicle and subsequently fled the scene into the woods.
He reminded that compared to those infected with AIDS, tuberculosis and tuberculosis, more people die from drinking and eating tobacco.
She said that if the entry/exit point cannot be implemented, it is time to introduce the ILP which the people want.
In the first innings, Sputnik Spartan managed to reach the target of 65 runs in 13 overs and were bowled out for 5 wickets through Supriyo Chanda who scored 33 runs. 20 balls and Aman Kumar added 15 runs off 23 balls.
Mike said that after checking the errors, he found that T.24,000 tyngka had been wrongly deducted by changing account numbers.
Nongpoh: Two accidents on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, one at Shangbangla and one at Khongdong Umling, have killed one person. truck.
Brothers and sisters, examine yourselves each and every one, "The POWER OF GOD IN THE RESURRECTION", has it worked in me and in you? everyday life.
Shillong, March 20: The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized 29 cows from Tuka, Muktapur in West Jaintia Hills district and Nilwagiri in South Garo district.
“The number of people who have registered to benefit from this scheme has now reached more than 9 lakh and out of these, more than 6 lakh are working or taking part in this scheme,” he said. Bah Priest.
Members of the Dorbar Shnong Sohlaitrim, residents of Sohlaitrim and school children of the village were also present.
The BIKE BOT – THE BIKE TAXI POWERED BY GIPL, has announced that it will give away the buskit to its members and invites those who wish to get the buskit. buskit to pay immediately and this has attracted 2 lakh people to pay; after that, however, the company and the proposal completely disappeared.
Unfortunately, behind the sign he drew a map and showed them that the demarcation should look like he had drawn.
Elbertstar Wahlang 30kg
Khimusniang have 7 points from three games while Sabahmuswang have 1 point.
This makes people weak and vulnerable.
“The investigation team should investigate them,” Sangma told reporters.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has decided to release the first list of its MDC candidates for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the first month of November this year.
The celebration of National Youth Day on the 12th of July every year since 1985 has its own meaning.
He said the police team has collaborated with the Border Security Forces (BSF) for the investigation into the entry of these foreigners into India. those who are arrested shall be brought before the judgment seat.
Of course, there is a backlog in the Reservation Policy, which does not apply to the next recruitment year, but it ends there, if you cannot fill the backlog. too.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinRi Lyngngam is located in the eastern part of the state of Meghalaya.
The participants showcased their skills and creativity.
The soul of anyone who dies without repentance will go to hell without an owner.
However, we understand that if the UCC is implemented in Meghalaya, it will be in conflict with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule and the land tenure system of the residents.
Depak Dutta, 75, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 19th November 2020 where he tested positive for Covid-19 and died on 23rd November He was arrested at 2:50 pm due to respiratory failure, Covid pneumonia and kidney disease.
The Shad Nongkrem is a celebration of the date, a celebration of the community, a celebration of the khaddar rule and it is also a ritual.
However, the states with the highest levels of corruption are Nagaland and now Meghalaya.
The death toll in India so far has risen to one in Delhi, one in Karnataka, one in Punjab and one in Maharashtra.
Allegedly, the NPP has now defeated the BJP in Meghalaya, Pala said, “At first they thought that the BJP would defeat the NPP but now the NPP has defeated the BJP. When asked, Pala said the BJP has taken the wrong decision to support the NPP. “You see the BJP has tried hard to defeat the Congress in any way, and the NPP is happy to get the support of the BJP but there is a limit to how much you can convince the people. outside the border.
There has been a heavy fighting between the two in these days.
Everything is done to unite the people, various seiñs, the government and other stakeholders to work together against this scourge for the good of the society.
It was after the start of the second half that PFR FA took the lead through Robi Maring in the 62nd minute.
“We demand that the state government should make the Khasi language a compulsory subject from next year,” said HYC General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Even if we look at the MDA 2.0 a little bit, it is hoped that it will become stronger and will last until the end of the next five years.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today campaigned tirelessly in all the constituencies of Garo Hills to strengthen the NPP's win. come back to the power to form a Government in the State.
“Many Rangbah Shnongs in Ri-Bhoi don't understand English, it is therefore difficult to run the work if a foreigner becomes DC who doesn't understand Khasi because he has to translate into Khasi. ", said these organizations.
About 20 to 25 villages dependent on tourism have been severely affected in West Jaintia Hills and about 12 villages dependent on agriculture in East Khasi Hills have been severely affected. affects.
Shillong: A 52-year-old woman, resident of Pynthorbah Block-4, Shillong, was shot dead by her son, Bah Owen Ryntathiang (18) at 2 pm this morning. She was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
-Shibormi Latam (6) Finance secretary-Right Sumer (7) Sport secretary-Jestpor Lathong.
The BIS has opened five Test Centers in the country to conduct sample testing under conformity assessment schemes, establishing the Central Laboratory at Sahibad in
"said the priest.
Israel has now deployed its troops near Gaza and is preparing to enter the country and attack.
Even if he fulfills the promise or the covenant, he feels that it is a sin, because he sees the goodness and hope that is in his house when Hep lives with his daughter Lydia.
He said that regarding the lack of an ambulance inside the hospital, he has taken action to inform the higher authorities, where there was also a plan to install an ambulance, but without knowing. and the reasons why it has not yet succeeded.
Police also recovered an AK series rifle and a pistol from the ground, a pla containing 23 rounds of 7.62 mm and 09 rounds of 9 rounds of ammunition. mm which have not been used along with the documents.
“I have won nine times as an MLA and MDC and I have lost nine times since the time of the former Dienglieng constituency and five times as an MDC in the present Mawkynrew constituency,” said Bah Martle.
Besides Ravi, the President of India has also appointed Ramesh Bais as the Governor of Tripura, Anandiben Patel, the Governor of Madhya Pradesh has been transferred as the Governor of Uttar Pradesh. The new Governor of West Bengal, Lal Ji Tandon, who is the Governor of Bihar, will be the new Governor of Madhya Pradesh and Phagu Chauhan will be the Governor of Bihar.
The Home Ministry, after receiving information about the incident, has issued an order to transfer Sanjeev to Ladakh, while his wife, Rinku Dugga, has been transferred to Ladakh. moved to Arunachal Pradesh.
The HC said that as the salary of Justice Katakey is still too low, the HC has ordered to release another Rs 3 lakh to Justice Katakey.
In the age of social media and the internet, we have received a lot of useful information in many areas of our daily lives.
Speaking as the chief guest after the opening ceremony, Kong Santa Mary urged the office bearers of the sports club to continue to work hard for the welfare of the community and the community. society.
In the world, there are hundreds of billions of people who do not have access to school, who have only two meals a day.
Noting that the farmers are the budlum of the state, Conrad said that such meetings of the farmers should not be held only in the city but should be held in the districts and blocks as the goal is to reach the the government's goal to the farmers.
MDCs, Government officials including the Chief District Officer, Deputy Commissioner, Bah FM Dopth were also present at the service.
There are also those who raise cattle, pigs and fish.
“It is not only milk that the State has to buy from abroad but also other types of meat including pork, goat, chicken or fish have been imported from abroad,” he said. Speaking at the opening ceremony of the milk processing plant at Umlyngka.
On the day the CCIB held a public meeting in Dawki to explain their position on the issue of ksainar shiah, a child was beaten by the BSF just because he went to get They didn't go to Umngot, Dawki.
When asked whether he is ready to take over the position of conductor of the meeting, the sordar said, “If anyone proposes, I will accept it. what a confusion," he said again.
We strongly condemn the selfishness of Dr. Mukul Sangma who has shown to the world that he is not yet qualified to hold this post as the Chief Minister of the state”.
If you want to know then you better read it yourself.
James said NEEPCO's resistance has prompted the government to implement the fire brigade despite understanding that it is a problem for the people.
However, until the end of the 1000 years, the reign of Jesus Christ will be over this earth.
Meanwhile, Mayborn Lyngdoh, who will contest from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, said that people say that he came out late, but he has not come out late because the polling period is still there.
In addition to the Government's regulations, what is necessary and most important is that we 'Listen and Hope for the Good Days that God will give us.
In the opening match, Nongpiur SC beat Nongkseh SC 2-0
He said that when Dr. Boss examined him, he said that his blood pressure was low and slow, his BP had dropped significantly and his pulse in his fingers was 50 beats per minute. The doctor decided not to give him any more medicine because he was too sick.
The names of the players and the events they participated in are as follows: Men: Donbok Shabong, U20 Event- 400M. U20 Event- High Jump.
Jowai, July 15 : The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today. at the King Stadium, Jowai.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday launched another unit at Madanrwai village under the jurisdiction of the KSU Laskeiñ Circle.
D, from the same University.
Rangdajied had a chance to score through Aiborlang Khongjee who headed the ball but Mawkhar SC goalkeeper Banshanskhem Kharsyntiew managed to score.
Speaking to other residents of West Khasi Hills, they said that the presence of Bah Kharlyngdoh as Deputy Commissioner has benefited not only Mawphanlur but Nongkhnum which is also one of the areas. beautiful sightseeing in the District.
It is something, which is sad, to think that those who taught to do good, to be good, now have to set an example to carry AK47;0r
These groups emerged after the abolition of the special quota in Jammu & Kashmir on 5th July,
Km) Boklapara (1.57 Sq Km), Khanapara-Plakata 2.29 Sq.
The Kittur Development Board has been set up for the development and growth of North Karnataka.
The North East will continue to lag behind,” Narayanswamy said.
The workshop was held as part of the preparations for the G20 Janbhagidari Events under NIPUN-Meghalaya.
After 3 years of training and hard work at NCOE Imphal, she was selected for the Indian National Camp at Patiala Regional Center of SAI in
:The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, today informed the public that Laidina Rongrin, 27, son of Lucy Rongrin, resident of Doronggre village and teacher at Doronggre village, has been arrested. Holy Spirit School (Songsak), has been missing since 2nd November, 2023 while she was on her way to the school where she teaches and has not been found yet.
Taking part in the discussion on the motion moved by Shella MDC Teiñwell Dkhar and Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar, he said that the government's inability to look after the schools in the state especially the Primary School and the problems faced by the teachers have made it very difficult for the teachers.
SCA-A took the lead by 132 runs for the loss of eight wickets in the second innings.
This Bill is known as the Administration of Justice Bill,
Ma Coming One Ymbon, Minister of State in charge of Fisheries and others said that the members and leaders of SHGs (Self Help Groups) should have mutual trust and cooperate in any activities to move forward. work of group groups (SHGs).
Other forces working together to achieve the goal are the World Economic Forum (WEF), the International Monetary Fund (IMF), and the World Trade Organization (WTO).
The celebration will also be attended by the King of Nongkhlaw Hima, His Majesty Manik Syiemlieh.
Therefore, to make it easier for those who employ and those who want employment, I have established the Hynniewtrep Workers Union. I request those who need employees to send them to this Union without paying any fees.
not tem not put and so on.
It is to be recalled that on Friday, Rupang had the opportunity to talk to Bull, Anthony, who recalled the times when he was with Bull. whose legendary legacy continues to be that he was indeed a brave and effective leader.
To compete with the big parties, strong national parties are needed.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Guwahati Town Club 2-1 at the MFA Turf at Polo today.
Revelation 14:1
When asked about the issues that the HNLC wants to raise in the talks, Sadon said it is not good for him to tell them in advance because the place is on the table. entertain.
The Pentagon says it has bombed two bases of the Iranian-run Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) in an order issued by Iran's President Barack Obama. America, Joe Biden.
What is more surprising is that after 70 years of existence of the ADC they still say that we are still collecting documents from the Hima/Elaka, the question arises again after 70 years there are about 45 Chief Executive Members (CEMs) , Executive Members (EMs) and hundreds of MDCs, MLAs and MPs have done what they have done who have received their salaries from the people's money? However, the District Council does not have its own boundary recognized by the Government of India under the Constitution of India,” he said.
Ma Hendro Dkhar of Jalaphet Village gave a welcome speech.
She also requested the Meghalaya State Pollution Control to implement this plan.
“We have discussed that such incidents should not happen again and agreed to work between the two states for the sake of peace and order in the state,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo said that a foreigner who runs a food and beverage shop, the party has sent him to meet the party on the 6th. date 2015 after they found him selling spoiled food and beverage items.
All shopkeepers whose names are on the list can apply to the office of the Chairperson of the Town Vending Committee, Shillong within 15 days from the date of publication of this notice.
He said that the work is ongoing.
Besides holding many sports tournaments and training programmes, AMKA has also received assistance from the Sports Department of the State Government.
To seh son guide me"
It is learned that Junel has broken his relationship with the HNLC, but because of this, he has been forced to join the party and his old cases have started to be filed. He said that this is a difficult task, because the cost of paying lawyers is not enough and demanded that the harassment of former members of the HNLC should stop completely. .
As you say, the truth is that in the upcoming elections, whether in Assam, West Bengal or other states, this feeling and example set by the AAP will follow. Not only that, but also regional issues, will work by force and decide the winner of the candidates.
He complained that they also went to the premises of AMD and damaged the equipment worth T.30,000 and also the money worth T.20,0
In front of your family I express here that I have a thought for your daughter – Banisha” said the young pastor “As the mother of Banisha I express my great pleasure that you came with dignity to meet me as a mother and this brother of mine.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Digros D Shira today resigned as General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and sent his resignation letter to the President of the party, Conrad K Sangma. it was noted that the reason for his resignation was due to personal affairs.
theologians who have done the work of God have entered the goal and say "I have a dream"
“In this election, we have seen that there has been a financial crisis.
Therefore, if the Rukom continues like this, a greater danger will befall the nation! The proverb “Become Nongtong-um, become Nongthoh-dieng in your own country” will be even more appropriate because those Lords are our own Paradoh Parasnam – our fellow Khasi people.
They also said that they don't want the sohniamtra harvest to end in these days but they want the state government to continue to conduct such programs so that it will be of benefit and assistance to the people. for other Khasi agricultural products to grow and become famous.
Acknowledging that the project is one of the largest in the North East, the Minister said, “With the increasing number of tourists, we expect it to be one of the largest projects in the North East. the highest for the people of Meghalaya.
Them Metor, known as the slum area of ​​Shillong, has been inhabited by Harrijans who work as road workers, garbage collectors from households and so on since the time of the British rule. Iron.
However, this year, when the disease has decreased, it has been decided to hold it as usual in the years before COVID-1
The farmers brought about two and three kriah along with their produce including soh to sell to Guwahati and they got a good harvest.
Shillong: A truck (AS 11 C 6038) heading from Shillong to Ranikor and Balat areas has collided with a truck (AS 11 C 6038) on the morning of 20th November above the village of Tlongpleng, below the village of Mawsynram.
Kharkongor said that the need to build this well is to protect the tourists who pass through the Umshing River, as there is a flood especially during the rainy season. .
Shillong: Another elderly man has died of COVID-19 in the state, bringing the death toll to nine.
Leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) East Khasi Hills District have met to discuss the preparations for the elections for this constituency.
I have customers from Shillong who over the years have become my friends and who have strengthened the relationship between India and Thailand”.
Banerjee, who on 20th January was questioned for nine hours by the CBI team for investigation into the incident, sought an order from the court in which he said that there was no execution against him by the investigating agency.
The illegal entry of people will continue if we as residents don't take action,” he said.
It is in such days that God wants to see our true worship in the soul of each individual.
Dr War said the 176 cases tested positive today include 113 cases from East Khasi Hills, 30 cases from West Garo Hills, 18 cases from Ri Bhoi District and 11 cases from East Garo Hills. Hills 1, North Garo Hill 1, South West Khasi Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 22: The Primary Health Engineering (PHE) Mawkyrwat Division has held a program to honor the two villages that have received the award for the Swacch Survekshan Gram The meeting was held at the Hall of the Executive Engineer PHE, Mawkyrwat Division. he was like a guest.
This year, there has been a fierce struggle, from the youth of the Church, they have to help the sick to carry from my house to my house, because in my house they have taken to seek help from “I don't know what to do,” said Tbn.Armim.
He said that if they turn to their own state, we are happy to say that we are happy on the one hand when they look at the literacy rate from Class I to Class X because almost all the villages are close to There are 100,000 students in class – X and above.
Shillong, Lber 27: Neha Hajong of Shillong Cricket Association (Cricket Association) took a century and two wickets to beat South West Khasi Hills by 73 runs in the U-23 Women's Inter District Cricket Tournament. match on Saturday at Nongstoin.
Now in this generation we see that God has fulfilled many of His promises to the Jewish nation and to Israel.
The injured were taken to Bethany Hospital for treatment, while the sumo was taken to the Nongpoh Police Station. .
By doing so, he proclaimed God and His goodness.
Similarly, Laitumkhrah is indeed the most developed constituency in Shillong.
Even non-tribals like the Nayars were almost overwhelmed by the majority tribes in eastern India.
The CM said that as the Government, it will work with these groups to produce more of these valuable products from these valuable plants.
Laitkyrhong FC beat Mawlali SC 1-0 in the first leg, with Everest Rynjah scoring the first goal in the 58th minute from the penalty spot.
Khliehriat July 15: Lum Tongseng village in Narpuh district has a dirt road which can be used only during the rainy season without rain. The residents of the area have to walk from a hanging bridge on the Umtalen River and if they travel by pick up they have to walk through the Umtalen River. the car had to fall into the water because there was no bridge.
"Hello.
On the Lum Kyntang or the holy place, to plant trees imported from other countries will cause it to bleed, will not give peace to the Meiramew and will not be destroyed by the Basa u Ryngkew. and who receiveth only the seeds of his own land.
New Delhi, Lber 24: Congress Leader and MP from Wayanad, Kerala, Rahul Gandhi on Thursday was sworn in as MP a day after the Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) court. , Surat has sentenced him to two years imprisonment for his election campaign speech in 2019 in which he admitted that many of the thieves were in possession of Type Modi like Nirav Modi, Lalit Modi, Narendra Modi.
The appointment of these new officers has helped the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture to improve its services to the people. employees and it is easier to serve the farmers.
On Saturday, three unidentified persons booked a white Maruti Alto Tourist Taxi No.MLO4C-1 The vehicle was driven by Sorki Bang, who was killed and the body was found on Sunday.
I am surprised that someone has criticized these writings of mine in the fact that they will help the public to get more information, including him and other commentators who don't know anything about this and don't want to understand. know why.
There have also been attempts to mislead the people that our state has never had a border since the separation from Assam, and the current social border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam has succeeded only because of the hard work and attention of the NDA government in Delhi.
The Minister also outlined the steps taken by the Government to build various facilities in the state for higher education and Professional Courses.
He said that the health and social sector is the most difficult sector for the state.
I have directed them to prepare the report and submit it to us within 10 days,” said Conrad.
Furthermore, these youths demanded that these companies should immediately provide the network within 1 month and if these companies cannot provide the network as the youths will not be able to take by other means for the benefit of the general public, they added.
In the first round, Bah Synshar received 3081 votes while Bah Samlin received 2060 votes and this gave the UDP candidate the lead of more than 1000 votes.
“Many of the development projects are not impossible but they require time but as a leader I will continue to try to develop the area and the constituency as a whole. ," said the Minister and urged the people and village leaders to cooperate in various activities.
On the opposition's comments on the issue, he said, “I don't think there will be a more detailed consultation with those involved in the border settlement process as this government has done in the past six months. be something uncomfortable to see the opposition talking about this topic again".
“The shortage of visitors is because many of them don't know well, another is the relocation of the land at the right time from Madan Student Jaiaw to the Hall of KHADC. “It's a need for education during the Christmas and New Year,” said Bah Latiplang.
Some have already predicted that the BJP will win again in the 2024 Lok Sabha MP elections as it has already won in the three largest states – Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh – recently.
He urged the three districts, Thangbuli, War East and War West to support the Presbytery so that it can be completed within three years.
He praised Kishan Lyngdoh, a young man from the district who is an example to others especially for his opportunity to play in major tournaments like the Ranji Trophy to represent the state.
Shillong, November 02 : In India, about 2.35 million people are living with HIV (PLHIV), but only about 1.78 million people know about it through the recent HIV testing conducted across the country. The world has shown that there is a great threat to the world these days, where many people cannot be tested due to the outbreak of the disease.
Thus the Dome of the Rock was erected on the Temple Mount in 685 AD – 691 AD. This means that the Jews were not allowed to destroy the Muslim Temple in Jerusalem because God had given it to them.
Shillong, March 11: The result of the three matches of the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 was played at the 1st Ground of the SSA Stadium, Polo on Tuesday.
The Rajya Sabha on Friday passed a bill to allocate 33% of the Lok Sabha and Legislative Assembly constituencies for women.
He said that while the FCI has not been able to resolve the issue, the FKJGP will close down the office within 10 days.
The VPP has shaken the entire state, but there are political parties who criticize that the VPP has reached nowhere, but the VPP has a strong foundation and hope that it will reach the goal of bringing about political change. the state, said Mr. Ardent.
Mukul Sangma, who won from Ampati and Songsak in the last MLA elections, is understood to resign from Ampati and hold Songsak. Soon, he will be married to his son, Miani D Shira.
Fifty engineers from three districts of Punjab arrived today.
“We as teachers have lost confidence in the MBOSE to set questions for Class IX students, we don't believe in Class X or Matric,” said Babu Kular Khongjirem. hand over to schools for the questions of class IX students as usual every year.
He said that last month, 50 percent of the cases were high risk contacts and these were family members, workmates, neighbors and acquaintances. who has been infected with corona virus.
Shillong: A senior doctor, who is an anesthesiologist at the Civil Hospital, has tested positive for Covid-19, the state health department today.
“I don't know where they are, because they didn't inform us and now we are in the dark that they have left this meeting, and after we have the opportunity to talk to them we will see what we can do. do", he added.
The aim is to improve the governance in the blocks so that the lives of the residents can be improved.
Shillong, March 31: The National Congress Party (NCP) has decided to nominate Ricky Shullai for the 15th Mawprem-Laban MDC election.
“It is very difficult to search for the bodies in the crematorium and after receiving the reports from various departments, we have decided to stop for a while,” he said. .
Money management skills are the source of all.
Nine Meghalaya bowlers took part in the tournament, including Fennysha Nongrum who scored 2/31, Abiezer Kharsyiem who scored 2/36 (including the 100 runs). Jayshree Singh scored 1/6 in 4 overs while Ankita Sharma scored 1/4
They said that the UIDAI is not ashamed to publicize the number of Aadhar holders in the state, where only 15 percent or 5,09,964 people have Aadhar out of the population of 32,30,1 the whole State.
However, when the government found that it was too difficult to abolish the Thoh Team, it passed a law to generate revenue from this activity.
It doesn't matter whether they fall on the Meghalaya or Assam border but the owners will remain the owners of the land,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Later, he visited the flood affected families in Mibonpara and Durabanda Wangmagwi villages under Chokpot Constituency.
The NGT has decided to release 2 lakh metric tonnes out of 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal from October
Cabalerro, who held his head, after shooting the ball wrong and allowed Croatia to score.
We urge all the political parties to come together to be a strong voice and force to support, advise and remind the government authorities and the Dorbar Trai Ri to work hard to protect the and fix the boundaries of the state.
Lieutenant General RC Tiwari, who has been promoted, visited the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
This includes the donation of 10,77,000 bottles of water, 3,02,165 bags of bread, 13,08,847 bags of biscuits, 73.4 tonnes of milk powder, 4,35,000 kilos of rice, 23,220 kilos of rice and other food items. jingber in relation to the work of shet.
After the loss that has affected the film company, its management has decided to look into which films are suitable for production and which will also be of benefit and profit to the company. of the company.
Superson Wahlang and Kynsaibor Thongni men's open single, Ballancy Lyngkhoi and Joycyful Nongrem won women's open single.
The General Secretary of the Seng Kmie, Bah RB Thabah, said that at this celebration, those who have passed well from SSLC to Ph.D.
He urged the villagers to work together for the betterment of the Fish Sanctuary.
“This is not the case with the GNLA Commander Philiport,” said SP North Garo Hills Jerry Marak.
In Nongjri, the Rangbah Shnong said that no incident has been reported to the residents so far.
It was from that time that the woman changed her mind and did not want to argue with the old man, she took responsibility to take care of her children, her hands, her hands and all the household chores.
These include EJH: 2, EKH: 35, RBD: 1, SWKH: 1, WJH: 11 and WKH:
It is grown in vineyards in Europe, in rice fields in the Philippines, in fields and fields in Japan and even in rice fields and fields in the Naga Hills in the state. Your Assam.
The registration has been conducted at centers known as Karnataka One, Grama One and Bengaluru One across the state.
“It is surprising that the Congress insists that the OTS scheme is illegal, the Congress should understand that the OTS scheme for Petro Pumps will help the state government to collect revenue from them. Petrol Pump especially at this time when the state and India as a whole is facing financial shortage,” said James Sangma.
Shillong: The Senior Women Players ZCA Camp of the North East States (NADP) organized by the BCCI in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cricket Association (NCA) has held a selection of players in the state.
Because the dust from the coal mines and the dust from the places where you hide the coal during the rainy season, spreads all over the place.
Shillong: An unidentified elderly man has been found dead in front of the MES office at Urkaliar, on the road to Demseiniong, Shillong.
His parents came to live with him.
Other recipients of the award are Bah Darsing Syiemlieh, one of the most prominent photographers from West Khasi Hills District, Mrs. Careen Joplin Langstieh, Mrs. Dasumarlin Majaw. The founder of Smoky Falls Tribe Coffee is one of the leading founders, Kong Samanda Phanwar, a volunteer who holds the position of Program Manager of the Lamjingshai Project of Manbha Foundation.
The Compass Drill and Verticle Jump players who finished in chess with the same score or close to the players of Australia and the USA in all four were considered “super elite” and those who finished in chess in Out of the 4,000 students tested in Meghalaya, 4 were super elite and 23 were super elite. elite status.
Regarding this victory, the Kur Thangkhiew Lai-Kpoh and the Rangbah Kur at a meeting held on 29th June 2013 at the office of the Kur in Nongkseh have decided to appoint the Rangbah Kur and Office Bearers of the Kur. The Seng Kur will immediately inspect the Kur land in Riangdo, Mawiong, Golflink and Umdithar with GPS and to send a letter to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima regarding the Basan Nongkseh project.
Nongpoh, Naitung 10: An inspection to find out the truth of the allegation that the Syiem of Marwet has sold his land to a foreigner, known as Ratna Gogoi, was held today. Baridua Village, Ri-Bhoi District.
The President of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle today confirmed the office bearers and introduced more members into the union. Livingson Same.
Reservation Policy is the main cause of illness. For 50 years no doctor has cured me. It is Bah Ardent who can cure me.
Apandanka also took the wicket of Nabam Jenam to score a hat-trick to make his team celebrate.
The total funds under the MUDRA Child Loan is T.1.62 lakh crore.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not yet demanded to withdraw the BJP from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, said Conrad K Sangma today.
According to sources, this incident happened on the 3rd of this month when a group of wild elephants destroyed houses and crops.
The teams for the Asian Cup, which will be offered a quota for the 2024 Olympics in Paris, will be selected before November this year.
Kenïong is one of the villages that produces Knup every year.
Such an incident of Jesus happens in our lives these days when those whom we have done good to help in times of trouble turn out to be our enemies.
In all these markets, the public has been directed to strictly follow the rules and regulations of the government and district administration to curb the spread of COVID-1
Speaking to reporters, Rikman said that there have been some candidates who have come to the party to apply for tickets to contest the Lok Sabha elections next year but they have not been able to contest the Lok Sabha elections. The names of the candidates will be announced by the BJP from the Central.
The Marwari said his hometown is Rajasthan.
He was ninth in the country in terms of runs scored.
Niakha said, “Yes, Niakha, I can't tell my mother about that because I'm just stealing, but my mother won't let me come alone. ap not to come with.
Besides Wahlang, the government has appointed two members including the Commissioner & Secretary Personnel Department, Ripnar Lyngdoh and the Secretary Law Department, Cyril VD Diengdoh.
Thus the chemical process works equally and thereby the water is changed – pa – changed.
God used to warn them from behind and if they didn't listen or continue to command and cover themselves with pride, destruction was already waiting for them, in which God would give them a stronger warning.
“I came to the BJP with the clear idea that my supporters have joined the BJP and I have to follow them in the hope that by coming to contest this election from the BJP I will be able to do well and to reach the target this time," he said while talking to the media.
It was also decided to write to the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs to provide a venue and also to provide a wrestling mat which will be important for the North East Olympic Games To inform all those who wish to enter or participate as wrestlers to phone the office bearers in their respective districts or send information to the President +91-9436102663 or General Secretary, +91-9 of Meghalaya.
“It is unreasonable to support the TMC or any other political party.
The workshop was attended by members of the Sengbhalang, government officials from various departments and districts of the state.
He said that it is necessary to cooperate with the people who work in this type of work because they earn their living from this work and it is necessary to create other opportunities if their work is suspended.
However, in another development, the Assam Rifles said that the Assam Rifles has not received any information about the visit of Amit Shah to open the shlem. new work.
Such people should not be offered alcohol because they are such people (those who live by drinking alcohol) who are also accustomed to drinking shongshit, drinking sarong and also kob sarong.
The Seng also reminded the PCCF that it has submitted the petition on 5th November, 2023 to the Divisional Forest Officer, East Khasi Hills (T) Division, Shillong, IA Mathuram.
Pynkmen Sanmiet, a member of the KSU, asked whether there are any Dorbar Shnongs which have been ordered by the department to pay taxes.
Inspector Pradeep Meena and Sub Inspector Om Prakash Yadav were also seriously injured.
At the same time, the commercialism of the world has increased.
He said the government should no longer fight but should listen to the demand of the people to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to protect the indigenous people of the state.
When asked what is the reason for the spread of foreign mysteries, they said that the reason for the spread of foreign mysteries is the reason. from those people who take wai to build houses and others, where these people are not called Khasi, but they are smarter to be called foreigners.
Rosemi Sari, Owner of the school, in her speech, said that the opening of this school in Mukhla will be a blessing and benefit to the children because the teaching is different from other teaching methods. Because Ms. Sari has received training and certification and understands that it is a different way of teaching that is quick to make children understand and enjoy reading.
Shillong: The Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) has announced that it will hold the Inter School Under-14 & 17 Cricket Tournament on the last day of October,
The State has taken steps to mine coal by science or mechanical means in the form of 'Open Cast Mining', which is by digging a large hole to separate the soil and take only the coal. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and Mukul Sangma declined to comment on the four projects prepared and approved by the Central Government to start coal mining.
It is to be recalled that the truck carrying petrol while coming from Guwahati to Silchar overturned at Mookhep and dozens of people turned near the truck to receive petrol. jaw and shlei to the ground.
Therefore, it has no impact on the works and implementation of development projects.
However, it is learned that the Rangbah Shnongs in these days have convened more and more Executive meetings to discuss this issue but have not yet given any information to the media.
The tournament will be organized by the North East Cricket Development Committee (NECDC) in Nagaland from 29th October.
The hard work of Imei and Ipa, has raised and honored me, in which I have reached this position, especially since I have received a record that is different from others, that I have won the election and become an MLA. at a young age and now I have become the youngest Minister of State in the present Government.
“How much is it?” she asked the cashier.
There were also those who caught 20 kilos, 30 kilos to 35 kilos, but the one caught by Bah Lymba is now said to be the biggest and it is also the first time that such a person has been caught from Wah Umngot. the size of the fish.
Some men who want birth control say that birth control is against the Bible and against God's will.
Speaking at the meeting, District TB Officer, Ri-Bhoi Dr.E.Kalwing informed about the initiatives of the Government of India on the Prime Minister's TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan, a new scheme to provide food assistance to patients. TB patients who are still in treatment through the support of various individuals and groups.
“This government has passed laws to confuse the people, we have never seen such a government,” he said.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has expressed its deep sorrow over the rude speech, violation of privacy and on these issues, various complaints have been received. , in the newspapers, on the speeches of these politicians.
The people do not understand that they have become merely tools that can be used during the elections to win any MLA.
We believe that in the coming days, we will receive the news that the central government will release the money and we will release it back to the teachers,” he said.
Listening, it can be said that the complaint of the KSU, is not too serious, because we should be happy, because the Khasi child, has a healthy body and does not get sick. as Dkhars and therefore does not need to go for treatment in hospitals; However, on the other hand, it must be said that even the highest authorities do not trust the hospital and when patients go to Delhi, Vellore, Chennai and this is another reason, However, if we talk about this issue, it is up to the KSU, not only to look after the patients at NEIGHRIMS, but also to look after the strong, because Hospitals, offices of the Government of India, have turned into places for the villagers of New Shillong, Mawkasiang and dozens of neighboring villages to check their milk. The highest offices of the Government of India and if we count the number of employees, in these offices we can say that they don't have a single dana, but they have become just water sellers. the laundrymen and housekeepers of these foreign officials.
“These only ones who have been bombed have been lyngkhot lyngkhai like this,” said one of those who came together.
Recognizing the right of the people to self-government, India was divided into different States.
The Coordinating Committee of Bangladesh Riwar People (CCIBRP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Africa Suting, one of the Khasi soldiers who took part in the 1971 independence struggle of Bangladesh.
Twenty BSF personnel and two drivers of the bus were rushed to NEIGRIHMS. The handyman, Jogto Gogoi, died of his injuries at Khliehriat CHC. He also congratulated the doctors and staff of Khliehriat CHC who took the initiative to provide immediate treatment to the soldiers who were involved in the accident, also congratulated the government ambulances, Sengbhalang, Dorbar Shnong and dewbilat factories who took the initiative to provide assistance.
Khajjiar in Himachal Pradesh was first named the Switzerland of India as Shillong is known as the Scotland of the East and Coorg in Karnata is known as the Scotland of India. .
This Umshaid also separates the boundary between the Nongkhlaw Hima and the Mynnar Hima or Jirang Hima as it is now known.
There are no risks in the use of these pesticides derived from other living organisms that can kill plant diseases (bio-pesticides) because that is the way they are carried. they do not pollute the environment and include only micro-organisms that we cannot see with our naked eyes (micro-organisms) but which are very important.
Speaking to more than 80,000 devotees at St Peter's Basilica, the 82-year-old Pope said: 'I express my deepest condolences to the Christian families who have been attacked. , during their prayers and those who died in this violence"
It means that man must believe that Jesus the Son of God is the Grace of God to save and deliver man from sin from the devil and Satan.
Tomorrow, Langsning FC will play against Nangkiew Irat SC at 3:30 pm.
All the vehicles that came to dump the garbage have dumped along the road and there is no way to prevent the pollution of the environment and the cleanliness of the surrounding area,” said the KSU. The KSU said that the smoke and smell from this place has affected the residents and they are having difficulty breathing and also criticized how this garbage dump has been placed near the villages. .
Shillong: The committee appointed by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to investigate the allegations of corruption within the council by the old Executive Committee against the Council Service Rule 1981, has ended on 31st November ; However, the committee has not yet submitted its report to the Council and has asked for two more weeks to complete the investigation.
As it is, the UDP and NPP are fighting for the first place, but it depends on how many seats they will win.
These World Bank staff who visited the house on the 22nd included Pyush Droga along with other World Bank staff.
Every year the Outlook Traveler Awards selects awards related to tourism.
According to Kong Kharkong, the parents of these children have already written to the Chief Minister regarding the problems faced by the students since November but nothing has been done yet.
Speaking to media, Hamletson said that this month, the PDF leaders, including himself, have met with the Prime Minister, where they have expressed their concern about the government's delay. “We the PDF leaders cannot sleep without getting a reply from the government and the delay in calling for talks from the central government on the ILP,” said Hamletson.
“This illegal coal mining would not have happened without the powerful people involved in this, but because the government has refused to accept the illegal coal mining in the State, it has caused losses and foreign exchange. “It is the government's plan,” said Dr Mukul Sangma while talking to reporters during a visit to West Jaintia Hills District on the preparations to fight against COVID-1
Shillong, June 15: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has urged the government to appoint experienced lawyers to defend government cases.
The state has purchased expired bullets worth 15 lakh tyngka for the treatment of anemia of poor girls and other women.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 13: Ka KSU North Khasi Hills District has strongly condemned and slammed the state government especially the Infiltration and Labor Department for not being able to curb the illegal entry and exit of foreigners. They can work in the state without checking the documents that they must provide if they want to work in the state.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned of heavy rainfall in various parts of the state in the next 24 hours. .
Other speakers on the occasion, including Bah Charles Marngar, Bah Commander Shangpliang, Dr. Breamly W. Lyngdoh and others, said that it is necessary for the government to They also said that if there are no farmers, they should create ways and means to save the farmers, but not to discourage the farmers. Therefore, it is necessary to encourage and motivate them in their agricultural activities.
Speaking on the contribution of her husband to the society, Kong Jennyfer Joan Kylla, said that she is one of the Longkmie who has given that service for the benefit of the people. and also to improve the society in various fields through her leadership in these various fields where she has served in the course of her life until today when she passed away. this world to rest in the house of God.
Shillong, Nailur 27 : The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday awarded the winners of the India Smart Cities Award Competition (ISAC) 2022 organized by the Smart Cities Mission, Ministry of Housing and Urban Development. Urban Affairs of the Government of India since
He said that the Central Government has welcomed the proposals sent by the KHADC and the State Government has also taken action on these proposals of the KHADC and he is confident that the Council will accept them. many development works.
Speaking to Rupang on this issue, he asked why many Khasi newspapers that have been published in the past and even now often disappear shortly after their publication.
When asked about the demand of the Sur Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep to release the report of the judicial inquiry into the killing of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on 13th July 2021, Tynsong said they should wait first. , for this report shall not be brought before the council.
Sabina Parves Warjri, Miss Shillong, will represent Meghalaya in the Miss Shillong pageant and if she wins, she will represent India in the pageant. the Countries of the world.
We must set a goal to bring about a bright future for the state as a whole, as citizens we must be quick to decide to elect candidates who are qualified to be leaders who can serve the people. .
Regarding the chief guest, the Acting Syiem, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, is not from the Khyrim Hima, but from the Mylliem Hima.
Dr. EA Hujon, Assistant Director (Prevention) MACS, while speaking on the occasion, said that the Integrated Health Campaign has started from 17th March 2023 in 181 camps. About 12282 residents of various villages came to take part in the check up for various diseases which ended today with the objective of the Health Camp held in collaboration with various government departments. is to provide information to the public on the various types of services that the health department can provide to the public ranging from HIV, AIDS, TB, the effects of tobacco and other diseases due to There are doctors and nurses at the hospital.
Also present at the meeting were NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa, Samujal Bhattacharya and other leaders of student organizations in the North East.
He also alleged that he has been insulted by the BJP which has rejected his ticket this time even after he has worked hard for the party.
At 10:00 pm, Pastor BD Shangdiar gave a speech.
Such ways of speaking and canvassing reveal the very nature of those speakers.
There are many cases of robbery but the government is silent.
The Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong District today held an emergency meeting to resolve the issue.
The opening match was between Tuber Wahshnong Sport Club and Pyrdi Shnong Sport Club.
The meeting was conducted by Bah R Thabah and moderated by Bah Kyrmen Uriah. The program was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar. Shillong.
The district authorities on Saturday convened a peace meeting in the presence of prominent leaders including South Tura MLA John Leslee Sangma.
Sadly, we have become a nation who have eyes to see but are blind to see, who have ears to hear but are deaf to hear.
The party demanded that the state government should take immediate action and talk to the central government to demand the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state after more than 10 years of discussions. The MLAs in the Legislative Assembly have voted to pass the ILP resolution, but the Central Government has not yet listened to the resolution of the MLAs in the Legislative Assembly.
However, the Assam government is implementing development works such as improving the road from Mawsikar to Kamphaduli through the Khasi villages from Mawsikar, Umwali, Umwahsiang, Langpih etc. faithful to construct this road.
Shakuntala Gaikwad was taken to the Silver Jubilee Hospital in Baramati last month but the hospital did not accept her as the hospital was full. by patients.
“We also maintain social distancing while working according to the directives of the Government.
Besides the Wahriat, which is a valley covered by the confluence of these two rivers, it is a valley with large rocks and it can also be said that the presence of these rocks is It is also easier to drain the water from these two streams.
From the testing of uranium by the AE Department, they have built tailing ponds and protection but the water flows into the river and fields.
North Liberty High School (WJHD) beat Indira Gandhi Memorial School (NGHD) 3-0
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Saturday called on the people of Meghalaya and the ethnic groups in India to boycott the Trinamool Congress. Trinamool Congress (TMC) Minister Akhil Giri's remarks against Indian President Droupadi Murmu.
“The 42 vehicles should be confiscated, if released we will search for them because we have talked to the Superintendent of Police that the Seng will not allow a single truck to be lost and we will follow up at Mawlai Police Station. “If even one of these vehicles is lost, we will not be able to walk on a tight road,” said Bah Dohtdong.
Most of them are from Sohra Government College with 6 students, 3 women and 3 men.
Negi (1/28), Singhania (1/36) and Sangma (1/39) took one wicket each.
From the outside of the residence of the Prime Minister, we were ordered to go to the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat but only near the MBOSE office we were ordered to sit on the footpath. near the station of All India Radio Shillong.
The state government has requested the 7000 Covid-19 Committees and Village Authorities to raise awareness among the residents on the need to follow these guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. you are healthy.
The UDP and the BJP have also been involved in the elections.
Other members include Bah OM Chyne, Bah Pynbiangborlang Lyngdoh and Bah Rapbor Warjri.
BJP – The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has decided to deceive the people with scientific methods.
Kalyani FA beat PFR Football Academy 2-0 in the U-15 Gold Cup Football Championship in West Bengal on Saturday.
The full names of India's 23 players are: Rohit, Aheibam Suraj Singh and Arush Hari.
“As the Seng, we have been fighting and demanding for seven years and talking to the government authorities on this and we are determined to implement the Act of the Government of India so that it will benefit all,” said Bah. Shane.
There have been 2,11,298 new cases of covid-19 in India and 3,847 deaths in the past 24 hours.
According to reports, Nalin Kohli came to the city on the 2nd of this month and without holding any elections, he stood up from his seat to announce Bah Shibun. Lyngdoh as President and this has caused strong opposition from the BJP members as they feel that it has been done without following the rules of the party.
Shillong, June 26 : The State Government has not yet released a single rupee to the District Councils from the allocation of Rs 59 crore allocated by the Ministry of Finance of the Union Government for the improvement of health facilities in There are three ADCs in the state.
Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs Minister Dinesh Gundu Rao said the program will start from the 10th of next month.
Therefore, the LDB provides information on India's logistics activities regarding the transportation of EXIM containers. Since its inception in November 2016, the LDB has tracked 60 million containers. EXIM container.
Speaking to Rupang, BJP Vice President Shibun Lyngdoh said that he is still abroad and has not received any information. He said that he is still in Bangalore but David said that so far no ticket has been applied for except Bakul Ch Hajong.
Israel grew stronger and stronger from age to age and grew in all aspects.
Different parties from these three constituencies in WKHD which will hold the mid-term MDC elections are now preparing to find candidates for the upcoming mid-term elections.
Informing about this, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said, “We have taken action on this issue and decided what we will do for those who failed to write the examination. .
Non-government schools(govt.
Mrinal Das smashed five fours in 27 balls for 40 runs, but was bowled out before the end of the match.
During the visit of these officials of Nongkhlaw Hima on the 21st of this month, they found that there has been a border crossing by the people of Assam, who are from Barigoan village, who came to enter the village. The land invaded falls within the jurisdiction of Raja Khomai, Belahari, Raja Bala are the villages of the Nongkhlaw Hima.
Speech was also delivered by a longkmie, Kong S.Langstieh, who expressed her gratitude to the former MLA, although he is nothing anymore, but he is still trying to give something as a gift. Merry Christmas to you.
Urging the people not to trust under the leadership of Mukul Sangma, Prestone said, “At any time he could have fled to any party because he knew that he would not win many seats. seat (in the upcoming elections).
Bah Pilestar, one of the SWKHD members, has graduated as the National Climber and others.
As can be gathered, the main purpose of this Procession is to strengthen the faith in God Emmanuel, Jesus Christ, who became the Lamb to cleanse the sins of the world, and to celebrate the Year of Christian Families.
The driver of the truck, told India Today, that he has asked the people to arrest these cows, as many of them have died in the collision. vehicle.
The day was celebrated as the National Milk Day to commemorate the founder of the White Revolution Dr Varghese Kurien.
The office was inaugurated by Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP Ri Bhoi District in the presence of other party leaders including Donkupar Sumer, Balajied Rani, Bathok Nongmalieh, UDP Ri Bhoi District. Michael Kharhunai and other UDP leaders from Nongpoh and Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Monday said that it is ready to lift the suspension of its four MLAs if they are ready to withdraw their support to the party. Speaking to media, MPCC Working President Bah PN Syiem said, “It is up to the suspended MLAs, if they remove the The support of this government does not mean that the suspension will be lifted.
The HITO strongly opposes and condemns the allegation of the CWC against the KSU, while the police have not received any evidence, it is quick to allege that the riewlum committed the attack. Across the state against the Bengalis, it is not known whether it may have been done by others to insult the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
Shillong, July 15: Various Christian churches in Shillong today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to discuss the issue of cemetery collection. The church is one of the most hotly contested issues in these days.
On the same day, the Minister also distributed Rs 23.87 lakh from the FOCUS+ and Farmer's Welfare Program to 2387 farmers.
According to sources, the incident happened on a narrow road.
Jowai, July 10: The Under-13 Football Tournament 2024 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Jowai.
“It is only after receiving the report that we will know the punishment and we will not take any decision, whether to suspend or any strong decision,” he said. And Sangma.
According to police sources, the members of the union have arrested 90 foreign workers without any investigation.
How do you fight for the benefit of your fellow countrymen or for the benefit of yourself and the Marwaris? When the city is closed, who is lost, who is hungry? Not the Marwari, not the big merchant, not the big factory owner or the government employee, or you; but it is the farmers who sow the land.
Furthermore, even in other districts, police have been directed to patrol and monitor for vehicles coming from Assam, to avoid any tragic incident.
Speaking to the crowd, the Congress leaders strongly criticized the BJP party, alleging that it is under the rule of the BJP party, which has caused conflict and division among the people and the people. the various religions in the country.
Through these facts, the NGT has ordered the State Government to pay a fine of T.100 crore to the Central Pollution Control Board and The State Government has been directed to collect the money from those who mine illegal coal and also from those government employees who are stingy in their duties to curb the smuggling of coal.
He also criticized the ARPA for calling a meeting on the 12th of this month to discuss the issues related to the dismissal of Rangbah Shnongs. The HSPDP is the only party.
and the people rejoiced.
All these claims have not been proven before law enforcement.
There is also an increase in the theft of two wheelers and motorcycles besides vehicles.
Doha, November 29 : Home teams Qatar and Ecuador are the two teams to return home after suffering defeat in the third and final match of the tournament. on this evening of Tuesday.
This is also through the Japan Assistant Policy for India to provide assistance and support for development.
The tournament, which started today, will end in October this year.
They are all from Manipur,” said Diganta Borah.
However, after the threat of protests by the political parties if the government does not release them, the government yesterday decided to drop all the cases against the political parties except three cases related to This decision of the government has relieved the political parties who have decided not to hold any more protests on this issue.
The chief guest who attended the tournament was Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS, Secretary Revenue & Disaster Management Department in the presence of Assistant Directors Ma Khroobok Passah PB War Nongbri and other District Sports Officers from the districts. different.
I have received a phone call from Dr Marbaniang from St Anthony's College on the 19th June 2023 informing me that the VPP wants to meet with me at St Anthony's College on the 20th June
Iewsier Village in Saiden Village, Ri Bhoi District is one of the most prominent villages in Ri Bhoi District due to its proximity to the Nongkhyllem Reserve Forest. The Niangtaser Festival (Niang Worldcup) is also held here, as it is the first insect to appear in Niangtaser. you're not going to win the World Cup.
We are a party that takes the decision of the majority and therefore to get that voice we need the voice of the majority of our own opinion.
One of their main festivals called Chomangkan is also inherited from the Pnars.
AVENUES has been providing such training in Soft Skills and Personal Development to youth across Meghalaya and North East India for nearly 20 years, involving more than 100,000 young women and children. men have benefited.
Surprisingly, the child lives next door to a friend of Wandarihun Mawlong.
He said that the plan to bring electricity to these villages has been started since 2010, but for unknown reasons, the work has been suspended for 12 years.
Wasa beat TRAU FC leading Manipur and Telongjam FC leading Nagaland.
Through this day, they have been given 10 days to remove the tins that have been destroyed.
“The market will be selected which will not affect vehicles, pedestrians and also which will not disturb the peace and order or congestion.
It produces 55 MT of Eri spun and uses about 74 MT of Eri cocoons per year.
Shillong: Talks between the UDP and Nongkrem MLA Lambor Malngiang are ongoing before he takes a final decision to join the party.
“We have tried to find out the cause of the accident and found that the cause was due to the cleaning of the water pipe by the Public Health Engineering (PHE) on the road opposite the farm of the Animal Husbandry Department. at Sixth Mile, Upper Shillong,” he said.
Boys HS School beat Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School 2-0, Ummulong Presbyterian HS School beat HK Singh Memorial School 3-2 and North Liberty HS School beat HK Singh Memorial School 3-2 Nartiang Presbyterian HS School beat Nartiang Presbyterian HS School 4-0
It is to be recalled that Meghalaya does not have a state-owned university, except for private universities which are mostly established by private individuals from outside the State.
When she enters the shop she meets a man who is sitting in the shop with her mother.
Because, we know well even now when we look at the work of KHADC, Hima Mylliem and other departments that have a role to play in curbing the employment of foreigners, but these others but the spirit of the Gentiles.
Anurag Tewari (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,H) 581*Sherwood School,Tura2 46489 Trisha Seal Sharma (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,H) 573*Sherwood School,Tura3 46432 Yash Khandelwal (E, M,S&T,SS,HEd,H) 569*Sherwood School,Tura4 46425 Application Paper (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,H) 568*Sherwood School,Tura5 23710 Ibarisa Thangkhiew (E,M,S&T,SS, HEd,Kh) 567*Christian Academy,Shillong6 45221 Shatabhisha Paul (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Ae) 566*St.Xavier's Secondary School,Tura45866 Arime S Momin (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,G ) 566*Aeroville Secondary School,Tura7 19842 Wankerlang Sohtun (E,M,S&T,SS,CSc,Kh) 565*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong46487 Siddhi Agarwala (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,H) *Sherwood School,Tura59390 Aniket Modak (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,B) 565*Mahendraganj Higher Secondary School,Mahendraganj8 20411 Amyca Marwein (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 563*Seven Set Higher Secondary School,Shillong9 20261 Arnold Leishangthem (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Ae) 562*Laitumkhrah Bengali Secondary School,ShillongPosition Roll No.Names of candidates and institutions Markssecured13 59551 Bikash Barman (E,,SSM,M,Ae) B) 557*of a Private Institution14 23721 Phibanbilang Iadborne (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 556*Christian Academy,Shillong15 23898 Baphiralin Synrem (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,KhS) no 55 High5 Secondary School,Shillong45229 Tengritchi K Sangma (E,M,S&T,SS,CSc,G) 555*St.Xavier's Secondary School,Tura54129 Ellora Rabha (M,S&T,SS,HEd,As) 555*of a Private Institution16 Athira 205 Saji (E,M,S&T,SS,CSc) 554*St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong17 18316 Muskan Thapa (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Ae) 553*Mawprem Modern Higher Secondary School,Shillong20580 Kharkrang ( Kharkrang E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 553*St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong30500 Synrangskhem Nongbsap (M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 553*of a Private Institution41618 Rimiki Pohlong (M,S&T,SS, HEd,Kh) 553*Ka Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School,Amlarem18 20401 Santa Mary Khyriemmujat (M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 552*Little Flower School,Shillong23924 Hilary Kynti Khongjee (E,M,S&T,KhSS,SS) ) 552*Synod Higher Secondary School,Shillong46482 Gun Cassel R Marak (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,G) 552*Sherwood School,Tura19 19448 Kyrmenskhem Dkhar (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 55 Brookside Adventist Higher Secondary School,Shillong20478 Disha Chakraborty (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd) 551*St.Margaret's Higher Secondary School,Shillong29851 Phindarishisha Kharbangar (M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 551 Secondary School,Pom, Shillong53166 Ummay Habiba Begum (M,S&T,SS,HEd,As) 551*Bhaitbari Higher Secondary School,Bhaitbari60801 Bianisa W Momin (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,G) 551*Sacred Heart Higher Secondary Dony88x School,Willi 12 Sarlli Herald Mylliemngap (M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 550*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong[ xxiii ]Position Roll No.Names of candidates and institutions Markssecured20 20596 Emeliana Celestine Nongrum (E,SSM,Sd&T ,Kh) 550*St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong26161 Lapdiangkmenlang Khongsit (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 550*R.K.Mission Higher Secondary School,Cherrapunji29393 Mildaris Syiemiong (T&,SSM,HESM,HESM Kh) 550*Stella Maris Secondary school,Wahlang.
Not only that, these bus conductors don't charge according to the fare and don't issue the fare slips, but they issue a slip without even the date.
It was also decided that tomorrow, there will be a flag raising ceremony in different parts of Mawlai, which is the day of the funeral of Bah Thangkhiew.
Shah said India's economy now ranks fourth in the world and good financial management by the North Eastern states is necessary to raise it to a higher level. two in the world.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony at Mawusam, Thangsning, Bah Martle said, “Now, when the leaders give schemes, they ask first, who supports me or not”.
In California, all the fruit growers in that area are sold by the California Fruit Growers Association.
The seized items were handed over to the customs office for legal action.
Another Australian pace bowler, Mitchell Starc, who played well in the first two ODIs of India's three matches, has now been promoted to join Siraj. in this new position.
Coffin makers who build and set up shops in Upper Shillong have expressed their concern during the curfew in the state as it is very difficult to get wood. There are not enough people to build these boxes according to the demand of the people.
In the past six months, the Anti-Narcotics Cell (ANC) of Mumbai police has seized 777 kilograms of heroin worth more than Rs 25 crore and arrested Police officials have confirmed that 97 people were arrested for carrying bags of alcohol.
Speaking to media, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw said that the suspension of the construction work is due to the fact that the Meghalaya High Court has ordered to suspend the construction of the construction site. you can't pollute the water.
Shillong: The Punjab Cabinet led by Chief Minister Capt Amarinder Singh has approved to provide assistance of Rs 60 lakh to the Sikhs who have been affected by the riots in the city. Shillong.
Guwahati: The Guwahati University on Monday allowed female students to take menstrual leave to teach at other universities.
The value of these unicorns created in the past five years is now about $150 billion, or about Rs 12 lakh crore.
Replying to this, CEM Adelbert Nongrum said that the Executive Committee (EC) will examine the matter and take a decision on it.
Those who are cleansed in the blood of the Lamb of God will have a share in judging the 12 tribes of Israel.
Will your comments (AITC) affect anyone, who will read your comments on social media, will a person who can't afford expensive mobile phones have information about these things?
“To date, 7287 children with disabilities have been included in Pre-Primary from 3 – 6 years, 520 children with disabilities. There are 4087 students at Elementary Level and 318 students at Secondary Level,” she said.
I have also told the people that if they vote for me, I will not give them a penny of the money that belongs to me and I will not take a penny of the money that belongs to them.
