He said that for him, he doesn't just want to honor those who have passed well but he wants to give recognition to those youngsters who don't have a father to support their studies. , but they stand on their own two feet to continue going to school.
In Maharashtra alone, 3607 new cases have been reported and 152 deaths.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said the meeting discussed the villages in the border dispute, namely Deshdomrea, Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur and Block. -2.
If you do what is right,true and fair,no one will listen now.
They said that it will be more stable in the management of the National Health Mission (NHM) but the government will do this only temporarily until it gets a company to run it.
Forwardman said that he has never seen that the police have arrested a single drug dealer or drug user in Mawkyrwat.
Conrad said the North East as a whole needs 3.1 metric tonnes of pork per day, but the production capacity is only 1.2 lakh metric tonnes and there is still a shortage of 1.9 lakh metric tonnes.
Blesstanroy LyngdohNongpoh: Although many people say that the Khasi people are different from others and that is that they respect women, but when researched, it was found that they are the most powerful people in the world. The example of this is in the marriage, when most of the villages charge Khasi women to stay. but it is surprising that these villages do not charge for the entrance fee when the woman is brought by a Dkhar to the village.
In villages where the Dorbar Shnong is strong, the people can get many benefits not only from applying for government schemes.
MB Rymbai recently alleged that Lakhon Dkhar is the candidate nominated by Sniawbhlang Dhar, Minister of Transport and others.
The new cases include EGH: 22 (Others), EJH: 25 (Others), EKH: 571 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-04, Others-567), NGH: 21 (Others), RBD : 60 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –02, Others–58), SGH: 08 (Others), SWGH: 40 (Others), SWKH: 09 (Others), WGH: 68 (Others), WJH: 37 (Others) and WKH: 11 (Others) There are 411 recoveries.
“He added that as a committee, it will continue to hold meetings to do the best for the State without discrimination.
She tested positive on the same day after arriving at the hospital.
The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon Blah, recalled that last year, the HNYF had met with the government to complete the project as soon as possible. promised them to do so but so far nothing has been done.
She said that she is not sitting idly by when she sees the problems of school teachers especially the lack of salary because she understands how they have to provide for their household needs and other needs.
On the other hand, u Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech urged the job seekers not to focus only on government jobs but to think and work in other jobs to stand on their own feet according to the sap not that don.
In the West Bank, 96 Palestinians have been killed and 1,650 wounded in daily Israeli air strikes.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today expressed his concern over the joining of young youths to the HNLC. The government will take necessary measures to curb such incidents in the state.
The six candidates include Pynthymmaibor Chyne of Congress from Shella, Teinwell Dkhar of UDP from Shella, Pyndapbor Saibon of KHNAM from Shella and Rangphlang Khongwet of Sohra. Rangphlang, Donevan of the Congress and Matsing, an independent candidate, are the candidates who have already filed their nomination papers.
He said that the Baaki cards are nothing but vote buying money and they are fighting to make Meghalaya like West Bengal where the poor residents wait only for the mercy of the TMC workers for them. government scheme.
And who is deceived to do all these things? Who owns the work.
Born in Kabul, Kader Khan started his acting career in 1973, starring in the film Daag and to date, he has acted in 300 films and written in 250 films. others.
The increasing number of rape cases against mothers and girls in Jaintia Hills has shocked the girls of this area, for the sake of peace and order. The JSM has urged the District Administrations of both the Districts of Jaintia Hills not to grant bail to the perpetrators but to punish them according to the law.
Without going too far, look at him, who ruled as CM for more than 8 years, from 2010 to the end of 2018, he has impressed especially the youth, when he announced that he will build the Time Square. in the US Polo market, which used to be used for sword fighting, which covers only 2 acres.
Krenila Marak, wife of Jonathon N Sangma, today filed her nomination papers as a candidate for the mid-term elections from Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
The goalkeeper suffered a hamstring injury in City's 2-0 win over Tottenham, forcing him to be replaced.
When asked, the MLA said that the completion of the road project will benefit the people of this area especially the farmers in terms of the movement of their produce. Mawsynram constituency, as one of the tourist destinations, will be of great help to the Mawsynram constituency.
Narendra Modi will now become the 15th Prime Minister of the country and is expected to be sworn in on 21st June
Meanwhile, Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma tweeted, “The proposed 18 Km-long bridge will be one of India’s Longest Road Bridges that will connect Meghalaya closer to Assam.
Rangbah Balang B.Rymbai in Ri Khynriam and perhaps there may still be here and there that I don't know, this is crystal clear evidence that the Pnar are Khasi, as well as the Bhoi and War.
In the past years, the people have witnessed the illegal mining and smuggling of coal but the people in power have not been able to investigate and bring forward evidence that it exists. but the smuggling of coal.
Jowai, Naitung 1: The celebration of Behdeinkhlam will start from 13th to 16th November 2014, according to a government statement issued today.
According to the Constitution of India, sports activities fall under the jurisdiction of the States and the States have the power to make laws for their management and promotion.
But it is the symbol of a lotus, you just ask where to vote, the answer will be Modi or BJP. Because they understand that BJP has a skilled leader and the country. The world respects him, and that is Narendra Modi from Gujarat.
These Business Correspondents or persons to take over the work will represent the bank and have the responsibility to provide services to the public.
The main objective of this training is to address how to find ways and means to develop agricultural practices that do not harm the environment and biodiversity and also benefit the the health of the people who use those products.
Daniel Khyriem President KSU Sengkmie was the chief guest, Organizing Secretary Bansharailang Warjri and Publicity Secretary Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang were also present.
He said that during his tenure as Prime Minister in 2008-09, it was assured to the central government that until it can protect the health of the people, it has been decided not to allow uranium mining.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District in an order issued today announced that juti shops are allowed to sell juti in West Jaintia Hills District.
On 1st March last year, the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, Clement Marak, said that Meghalaya will take measures to implement the National Food Security to provide food to 80 percent of the people in rural areas and 50 percent of the land.
a witness to the enthusiasm of the participants in this race who have shown their love for this sport – running.
The order issued by the DHTE said that the department will examine thoroughly the ways and means to find classes or places for those students who have been affected by the incident at CMJ University.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin, who is also the President of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit, expressed his condolences to the late Ma ieid Hoping. We express our condolences to the region and the State as a whole for the loss of Ma Ieid who was a great leader and who was a protector and pioneer of the country and the Khasi people as a whole.
?? Kulmar to Ichamati closes the Khasi Hills.
The Executive Members include Bishar Pale, Ling Dhar, Sonil Talang, Shain Marbaniang, Aje Rymbai, Ha-I-Niang, Emi Rymbai, Dios Kharsahnoh, Lenis Suja, The auditors include Mr. Iakerda Dkhar and Mr. Michael Nongrum.
Where can I go to buy all kinds of items and so on.
Sleep deprivation reduces on cognitive and memory abilities and decision-making abilities.
“This donation not only helps to protect against the rain, but also strengthens the ancient customs and traditions that the Mynbarim have led the way,” he said.
Entry forms and more detailed information can be obtained from the offices of the Block Development Officers (BDOs) in the District during office hours.
Ms Rangad said that the Meghalaya Street Vendors Act, 2014 of the Meghalaya government is weak and has no intention of protecting the rights of the vendors.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “There has been a committee of inquiry appointed after there was a demand for the appointment of an inquiry and this committee has found that there is no delay. work when it comes to this"
How did God speak to the Israelites? And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not wholly reap the corners of thy field, neither shalt thou gather the gleanings of thy harvest, but shalt leave them for the poor and foreigner. I am the LORD your God" Leviticus 23:2
“How can we expect justice from the government when the powers of Rangbah Shnongs have been abolished, who will verify the authorities and who will Verify the residents of the village?”, said the statement.
When asked about the permission for such meetings, the Minister said that the permission for the civil society to hold such meetings at the Civil Hospital is because they have promised to hold a candlelight vigil. calm.
He said that if the BJP comes to power in the state, the Chief Minister will not sit in Shillong and his name will be just a name, but all the decisions will be taken from Dispur. , Assam.
The total expenditure is Rs 25,574 crore.
“In terms of the Meghalaya Higher Judicial Service Rules, 2015, which are the same, it will be included in Schedule B and make it compulsory for those candidates who know the language whether it is Khasi, Jaintia or Garo in which the Khasi and Garo languages ​​will be compulsory paper for the Written Examination and if the candidate scores less than the Minimum Marks he will be considered as failed and if he writes well in other papers he will not be considered as failed. “It's not true,” Sangma said.
Shillong, Lber 18 : The smuggling of sugar and piat has increased from the Meghalaya border to Bangladesh.
The aircraft was named the Flying Rabbits and was known as the ALP-1
He said that five fire and emergency fire stations, nine new outposts, five new police stations and seven border outposts have been prepared.
The Sports Department of the State Government will honor the second runners-up in the 76th National Football Championship for the Hero Santosh Trophy 2022-23, which ended recently in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
He said that Behdeiñkhlam is a festival of the Pnar people in Jaintia Hills after the children of the raij have already sown and planted rice in the fields.
The Acting Syiem said that the shopkeepers who are still waiting for their goods such as jhur, pylleng, syiar, fish and other perishable goods should call these numbers and they should also inform the shopkeepers. They have to provide their phone number so that the Hima can inform the District authorities to take the necessary action to avoid the market. may affect public health.
What does it mean to live a meaningful life? A meaningful life is a life that is full, complete, free, lived without fear, happyῆ and sure.
The Speaker has given nine days to Mukul Sangma to respond to the nomination of him as a member of the State Legislative Assembly, according to the rules of procedure of the party. of the 10th Schedule.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Sarva Education Abhiyan (SSA) East Khasi Hills District today celebrated the World Literacy Day, 2015 at Mawkdok Community Hall, Khatarshnong Laitkroh Block.
Chan Kun, 39, began his journey by cycling 20,000 km around India to spread the message. news about climate change.
It can also be caused by a larva that lays eggs in the rice, and these larvae when they emerge from the pods become caterpillars and tunnel inside the rice.
The GSMC of Garoland State has been appointed by the current Chairman, Nikman Ch.
There should be no feeling of loss or defeat if you go out to vote if your supporter does not come to power and you should not feel surprised that politics has nothing to do with you or humility. or be proud that you have refused to participate.
Therefore, these drugs have expired due to lack of use and are no longer suitable for use.
Shillong, June 23: The Synjuk Seng Samla Shnong (SSSS) today revealed all the information it has received from the KHADC through the Public Information Act and found that all the The employees of the KHADC are appointed by the Executive Committee of the District Council without publicly announcing in the newspapers, so that the youth of the state can participate in these positions.
“I have requested the Inspector General of Prisons to inspect all the prisons and look into the needs to be met inside the prison.
It is learned that these sadhus, along with 13 akharas, were swimming in the Ganga River on that day, which is known as the greatest day in the Hindu faith.
The final match from the start to the end of the first half was very competitive in which both the teams tried their best to score, but failed to take advantage of the opportunities. thep goal in all two turns.
“The livestock industry falls under the jurisdiction of the State Governments and the necessary medicines are available in the veterinary hospitals/dispensaries of the States/UTs. cure from such diseases.
The suspect, identified as Nourreddin Mohammed Salama Barak, reportedly entered the Gaza Strip dressed as a woman.
If this 'evil' of the farmers continues for another year or two, the world of the farmers will end from this world.
The JAC has decided to take this strong action and said that if the repair of the road is still pending, the JAC will continue to block the road in Narpuh.
The Center will be located at the Pasteur Institute, Shillong. LTD will provide all the necessities and the construction of the house will start.
As we have seen that in many places in Ri Khasi we have rejected the NPP and the armed groups, but after the joining of the leaders from the Khasi Hills to join the MDA2 government .0 under the leadership of others, followed by those who want the flesh because of money and power, the work of running the Khadar administration in the state has become increasingly fragile and lost confidence because of profiteering. that some.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has rejected the nomination of Bah Pius Marwein as MLA for the Ranikor by-election.
Regarding Williamnagar, the Deputy Commissioner has been directed to find ways and means to implement the night shelter in any government building.
“Therefore, we would like to point out that such demands will affect the landscape and to avoid any conflict between the communities in the future, such demands should not be silenced,” he said. added.
As a mark of remembrance for Vishwa’s departed soul, the entire gathering observed a minute’s silence.
Dr. Helen J Uriah, District Maternal and Child Health Officer, also spoke on the need to vaccinate against polio vaccine to protect them from the diseases that can affect them in the future.
“PA Sangma has been a great leader not only of Garo Hills but of the country because he has taught us to put the people first in everything we do,” he said.
To that end, young ones need to make good use of their God-given abilities.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The FKJGP in Sohjarang village in Mairang constituency has received electricity again through the initiative of the FKJGP. ) promised in front of the party leaders who met recently.
The matter has been suspended until now and the Minister said that he will take the matter to the Minister.
Replying to the comments against him in the past few days, he said that the intention of the party and its leaders in raising the issue of Reservation Policy is only to resolve the issue. in relation to this appointment.
USniawbhalang Dhar as the Minister of these departments should take action on this issue, until the time comes when the people of Mawlai will close down the Marten.
India currently ranks second in the Global Retail Index.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong Mutong in East Jaintia Hills District today announced that the thwei in one of the parts of the Myntdu River has been opened as a breeding ground for fish without You shall no longer be ashamed of them if you are a khwai, a jar, or anything else.
Shillong, July 22: As part of the VPP election campaign, the VPP leaders today visited the constituency of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah at Pynursla to explain the party's principles to the public. Besides the party candidate, Bah Manbhalang Thabah, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, Prof Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh will also deliver speeches.
Seiñbhalang Shkentalang beat Amlarem 1-0 in the final of the Super Division held at Ladjaplem Mini Stadium, Amlarem on 19th November.
Adelbert said the government's action is biased and it appears that it intends to throw away the CBI charge sheet, throw away the CM Jha, Nurul Islam, the tin soping corruption or the CGI. sheet scam and more.
It was ordered that all those working in businesses, factories and other workplaces under the N.I.Act, 1881 and day labourers, casual workers shall be entitled to leave and remuneration.
During the meeting with the DC, the Seng expressed their concern over the violence and warning to evict them after the residents of the area refused to leave the village. I have taken part in the MAC election in West Karbi Anglong.
Those who didn't have a single cow, not a single pig, and those inside those fish ponds had only jakoid and dohlun.
In addition to these Acts, the Government has enacted and taken measures to curb the influx of foreigners to implement the provisions of (1) the Chin Hills Regulation Act 1896 (2) and the Meghalaya Prevention of Begging Act. They were arrested in the years 73-74 and taken to Guwahati Station, Assam. (5) 612 Village Defense Parties and 288 Unregistered VDPs to prevent infiltration (Bar ri) and Border Crime (6) Foreigners Tribunal in all districts (7) Meghalaya Home Guard Act, which has also been passed The Border Wing Home Guard who supplemented the BSF on the Bangladesh border.
If the government acts in this way, it will help the society and prevent many tragedies.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday informed the Legislative Assembly that the government has requested the Assam government to provide land for the construction of a new Meghalaya House in in the city of Guwahati.
The Health Secretary said that those doctors who have been in service with the government can choose this course where they will get a diploma and do not have to leave the state.
Replying to the statement by the Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Tuliram Ronghang that the residents of Meghalaya who live in Mukroh are illegal residents, the Nongkrem MLA said that The CEM cannot accept it because he doesn't know anything about the maps that have been lost.
According to the rule, only those vehicles carrying goods weighing less than 30 tonnes and more than that weight are prohibited from passing through the bridge.
According to him, he earns about Rs 12 lakh per annum and with this he can support his family and at the same time expand his farming from one year to year.
On this occasion, the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongpoh, received the appointment by the Elaka Nongpoh Sirdarship as the full Lyngdoh and will take over all the duties related to the administration. Thousands of children who are involved in this Raid fall under the Nongpoh Sirdarship.
In other states, if there is an incident such as a storm that causes rainfall at the time of harvesting or if the animals die from any disease, The company is covering the loss of the farmers, because from the beginning the government has helped to pay the insurance premium to the company on behalf of the farmers.
So far, about 70 percent of the work has been completed,” said the head of the department.
If we haven’t given up, how do we know in advance if it’s enough or not enough? Therefore, the people themselves should force the existing ethnic parties to come together and not to divide.
He added that as a new DC in the district, my duty is to follow through on what has been directed to him as DC, and he made it clear that the authority does not lie with him to move the venue. The public hearing from his office in Brishyrnot, unless there is a protest or disruption of the public hearing, he will not refuse to suspend the public hearing.
The objective of VBSY is to provide information on the major schemes of the Government and to ensure the full implementation of these schemes and this initiative encourages the people to participate in the economic development of the country.
Thousands of people from school children, college students, universities, and the general public are expected to welcome the Prime Minister.
Through the vaccine, so-called “antigens” are injected into your body (by injection or injection).
He said Chinese leaders meet once a year before the end of November, as part of discussing and expressing the country's challenges and concerns before the new year. to Nailar.
When you have got yourself such kinds of diseases that society fears then you will understand the feelings of the patients.
We are grateful to the Executive Committee for its hard work, but we should do our best to give it enough time and to make it available in our own language by putting it in the public domain, so that nothing will be done. and especially that the law of the Kur, Jait and Jaitbynriew shall be strong and able to stand before other authorities of the law.
Those in power don't need to think like us all, how to provide for our families.
It is learned that the MFA's meeting with the Prime Minister was to inform the Prime Minister that the plastic playground has started to deteriorate after serving for more than 10 years.
The increase will be 1000 tyngka per month and 12,000 tyngka per annum.
:The Khasi song, “Tang bad phi” was released on the 2nd June 2023 in Mairang and featured the tyngshop, Belteshassar Lyngdoh Nongphod and the puron. , Daphi/moi Priest of Light.
In a meeting at the police station which lasted for about 10 hours, Bah Wahlang explained to both the parties that the district administration has no law to ban the worship of any religious group in any place but its duty is to maintain peace and order and the refusal to perform sacrifices today is because it can lead to violence. lead however to tragedy due to misunderstanding.
And we must know that songs have a price.
Ardent said the issue he raised was, “The urgent need to suspend the Roster System”, which means it is an urgent task.
“This is not a struggle with the Garo but we are worried about our own state to see it decline and under the leadership of Bah Ardent we will achieve this,” he added.
The last time Karnataka won the fourth title was in Mysore in 1968-69 in Bangalore and since then they have reached the final only in 1974-75, where they lost. .
He said that the New Development Bank has allocated up to Rs 700 crore to promote tourism in the state and San Shnong is one of the beneficiaries of this scheme to promote tourism.
Because I am proud to show it to my fellow travelers.
The chairman of JACATAM said the teachers have vowed to stage protests if the government does not call for talks with them.
Eating pomegranate fruit promotes healthy and clean skin and protects against sunburn, such as cancer and sunburn.
The Chief Minister said that the State Government intends to build prestigious sports stadiums, one in the Eastern Region and the other in the Eastern Region. The Prime Minister has announced that the Northern Region, which is not in Ampati, will be in Ampati during his recent visit to Shillong.
Who bought this 2400 MU electricity ? The purchase of MePDCL is the ownership of the Corporation.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinBefore I say anything about the Khasi marriage in the Christian faith, let me say a little about the Khasi marriage in the Khasi religion in the past.
In the final match of the day, Moodop Royal beat Pammanik 1-0
In the absence of a Pre Poll Alliance, even if the cooperation between the parties in the MDA has been more than four years, all the parties will try to demonstrate their ability to work especially in that branch does not that bat.
Shortly after, the Director of the company, N. Sharma, called for a meeting with them and after the meeting, the protesters gave 10 days to the company to decide on all their demands.
The soul that really wants to live happily ever after without working hard and moving its hands, feet or body has been able to ride well in the minds of many young people of this country. They are not afraid of anyone, but they are quick to live a life of stealing and looting.
Kalpana's husband and Meenu's husband said they were not at home because they had gone to their workplaces.
Dr. Roy said the allegation by Dr. Mukul Sangma that it is the opposition that has increasingly supported the Sengbhalang to continue the protest is childish and it is not true. only baseless speech and vain talk.
However, he said that the receipt of application forms will continue even after the 29th of June, but for those applications submitted after that date, it will be announced after the hearing. ).
Shillong, Jymmang: The Regional Knowledge Sharing Workshop for Best Practices has been implemented by IVCS, PGs, VECs and private groups. The District Project Management Unit (DPMU) was organized by the District Project Management Unit (BDU) at the East Khasi Hills (EKH). 27th of this month at the headquarters of Bharat Scouts & Guides, Shillong with the awarding ceremony of awarding the champions of best practices in various categories. .
What is Christian Home Sunday? Christian Home Sunday is the Sunday or Lord's Day of all CHRISTIAN HOUSEHOLDS. Let's look at the explanation, What is Christian Home Sunday? There are two sections here, Christian Home and Sunday.
Shillong, November 8: All government offices and schools will be closed on November 13, 2017 in West Khasi Hills District on the occasion of Sib Singh Syiem Day.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was held on Tuesday at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf, Polo.
“We as the residents of Nongkrem MDC Constituency, we have become without MDCs at this time!” said the party.
“FOR THE TIME IS NEAR” Revelation 13:16-1
“Bah Rowell's statement on the protest of the ILP is only to blame what they have done to the KSU Mawkyrwat,” said the president of KSU Mawkyrwat.
“Who told you that the central government will make Hindi compulsory?
Sheen Thabah said the government should consult with the union to identify the land dealers, so that they can better implement the rules of the health department. Implementation of SOPs as implemented in large shops.
Winner: Jenica Lynshing (Smit College, Smit), 2.1st Runners-up: Shaniahlang Khongmawpat (JJM Nichols-Roy College, Shillong), 3.2nd Runners-up: Naphirisa Thangkhiew (Nabon Women's Synod College, Shillong).
Today, the lawyer of Kharpuri dismissed the case.
These facts are clearly seen in the shops in Laitumkhrah.
Swami Chakrani Maharaj, National President of the All India Hindu Mahasabha, today demanded that the moon should be declared a Hindu Rashtra. and that it should be done quickly, before other countries own the moon.
After receiving a complaint from the residents regarding the collapse of the bridge due to the movement of trucks carrying excessive loads, the union has received a warning from the PWD department which has closed the bridge. The union urges the PWD department to take action against this and not allow cross-border vehicles to pass through the bridge. On the same day, members of the KSU Kupli Area Circle visited the Myllep Bridge to inspect the Myllep Bridge. The bridge is also in danger to the pedestrians due to the overloading of heavy vehicles passing through the bridge.
Before 1780 there were religious teachings in various places and churches.
Dibormi Thubru and on this day, the youth of Seiñ Raij Mukhla and their parents came to take part in the traditional religion.
The Ukrainian military will ensure that soldiers captured in the war are not subjected to human rights violations and Russia is expected to follow suit.
“It is very surprising to me and unprecedented to say that just because the MDC from Mawthadraishan Constituency did not attend the Dorbar District Council, the MLA from Nongstoin who I have lodged an FIR at Sardar police station which has led to the search of my office in Mawlai Nongkwar, and they have even arrested me. “When even I, the Lord, didn't know anything about that incident, how much more will these servants of mine know,” said Bah Thabah.
“I want to tell the youth who are here today that you have a responsibility and an important role and not just to win a medal or medal or receive an award but to be an example for others," he said.
In the midst of despair I look to the future with optimism.
Outside the House, we can speak on the basis of what we hear about what will happen but as legislators, now if we have to oppose the UCC, first of all we need to get the UCC Bill in front of us,” he said. said Conrad.
Residents of Meghalaya, who were stranded in the midst of fierce Israeli-Palestinian conflict, have now arrived safely in Egypt.
He said the purpose of the visit was to bring peace to the people on the border and the committee will submit a report to the government to take necessary action.
The absence of this Act has destroyed the rule of law in the councils and has set up up to 57 Executive Committees in one term,” said Bah Bindo Lanong. strive to implement the Constitution within the Council as has been done in Parliament and State Assembly.
This happened on Friday night to unidentified persons.
Indian actress Juhi Chawla today filed a petition in the Delhi High Court against the implementation of the 5G wireless network, saying it will damage the country. the health of people, animals, flowers and plants.
Regarding these decisions, the Sordars of the six villages under the leadership of Bah Peter J Lawai, Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Chairman of the Union, Bah Chestarwell Sohtun, Sordar of Kut, Secretary, left for the meeting. They met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, and the meeting was held at the room of the EM of the Eleka, Bah KP Pangniang.
Shillong: U Horen Syiemsad (55) of Nongkroh (WKH) has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 25th of November at 8 pm, Newstar Kharmusulman threw stones at his house. He complained that on the 2nd of this month at 7 pm, Kharmusulman came to his house and threatened him.
For the New Shillong Towship, from Mawpat to Mawkasiang, Mawpdang, Tynring, all the Government departments should bow their heads to take up the three main issues regarding the water supply, the electricity and roads,” said Bah Wahlang.
On the other hand, Bah Laloo has criticized the leaders who have just cleaned up the roads after the elections in the past two months.
Bashailin (daughter of Panora) received the land from the Syiem of Sohra Hima on 19th July, 2009 but on 28th July she received a letter from the Syiem of Sohra Hima that she has received the land. Their land has been given to Dilip Biswas and will remain in the hands of that person while the land of Bashailin will be rebuilt and a new permit will be issued. He said that the decision was taken at the Executive Dorbar held on 23rd July,
On the morning of the 6th, the six persons went to a place called Panikhaiti near the Brahmaputra River to visit a friend.
Amit Shah sent ministers and civil society groups to Delhi.
AIS SujaU Jesus said, “When you see these things,
Besides these soldiers, more than 300 people, mostly foreigners, came to register to vote in the village.
“He was speaking on the report that water samples from 44 villages in Shillong were found to be unsafe for drinking, according to the Food Safety and Standards Authority. of India (FSSAI) Standards.
The question is whether the history of (L) Singh Mulieh will happen again in Moonlight Pariat in Jowai Constituency.
Finally, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the AFSPA should be abolished immediately. The UDP is a party controlled by the two Garo ministers.
The BSF believes that the gold was smuggled to India for exchange for the sale of cows, which was sold back to Bangladesh.
During Sharma's earlier election campaign in 2019, Priyanka Gandhi Vadra held a street march alongside Sharma.
He said that the songs have the power to heal the broken hearted, to soothe the sorrows, and many other things that stir up the minds of people.
People who attend these programs are asked to stay at least 5 feet away from each other.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has denied reports that the Enforcement Directorate has seized the documents of the Saubhagya Scheme from the Meghalaya Office. Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL).
About 15 Bangladeshi boats have come to the river at Khyndong Mawprah village, about 200 meters from Dawki village. at 12:30 pm.
Dommawlien FC have won the 3rd Division and Nonglwai SC have won the 2nd Division this season.
He said that these trees were well packed and packed in bags and hidden in a truck carrying soh to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
These items were distributed by its Members.
Shillong: An unexpected incident, a Hill State soldier, who is no longer recognized or remembered in these days, has received the honor of his fellow soldier, by which salute, at the time, when the coffin of his body passes.
Therefore, it is not only in Tura but in the whole country that the MP scheme has stopped working and this has been done by the NDA Government led by the BJP and therefore, you can ask the President of the BJP on this. and I know he knows best".
The Navy has been assisted by the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF).
Paul Macri was buried at the Catholic Cemetery in Mawprem.
He also announced that under the CM Elevate Programme, Tura, Shillong and Jowai have been selected to receive financial assistance for the Cinema Hall.
He said the ambulance does not belong to any party, but to all the people in the constituency.
50m backstroke2
Those who criticize also feel that they are their own jutang.
Because Shillong has been the capital of Assam Province since the British times, after independence in 1947, Shillong remains the capital of the Government of Assam. -remains to this day, as the capital of the Government of Meghalaya.
“Long wan tong doh bad no kein...?” asked the father. “And Kong Dapmiar, I thought I wouldn't go, but she screamed many times until I couldn't go anymore.
Only Rs 0.07 crore has been spent on the payment of salaries to the two contractors appointed to assist the Secretary of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Reclamation Fund Committee.
The two rebel groups will meet tomorrow at a special meeting to be held at Diki Bandi Stadium, Dakopgre.
Chidambaram was immediately taken to the CBI headquarters in New Delhi.
Adilbert said that in the marriage, when the shyiengkrung is allowed, there is a connection from east to west, but the increase and spread of the clean marriage in the Khasi community has been excessive.
JOWAI: In connection with the election of MPs to the Lok Sabha of India to be held on April 11, 2019, the District Election Officer of West Jaintia Hills District has requested all the Dalloi, The Waheh Shnongs to join hands to assist the election workers who come to the Polling Stations in their Villages and Dongs so that the polling for the MP Election can go smoothly.
On the other hand, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, the honorary MLA, congratulated the leaders of the NPP Jirang Block Committee and all the supporters from Jirang Constituency, for their support despite many challenges. The NPP party and him as MLA but they have reached the goal of victory in order to continue their services for the needs of the people in the constituency.
The NADC also demands that the government should take action to construct the Nongstoin Sohpian road which is about 7 KM long, to clean up the remaining Wahriat Nongpyndeng road and also to expedite the construction. The bridge from Irrigation to Tiehsaw, which connects with the Nongstoin-Rambrai road, is also the most important and can reduce traffic jam in Nongstoin.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah on Friday after he personally inspected the condition of the Shillong District Jail.
At least 66 robbers have been killed and 158 others injured by the Assam Police since Himanta Biswa Sarma took over as Chief Minister in June this year. 2021.
From time to time, the Assam Police have been investigating the construction of the bridge.
escape jail and start stealing get stealing and start selling drugs and stealing.
“The color is bad, the strength of the sulfur has decreased and if heavy rains come again, it will turn red and affect the streams near these coal mines,” he said. leaders who own coal.
The SP of West Hills District has already informed all the Police Stations of Meghalaya and neighboring states about the disappearance of Laidina Rongrin.
Other sources said that the NPP will announce its candidate tomorrow, which is understood to be Agatha K Sangma, former MP to the Lok Sabha.
In the final set, Jabeur broke Bencic's target three times.
Nongstoin, 25 Nailur: Due to the lack of opportunities and inability to participate and attend the 1st Anniversary of the death of Maieid HS Lyngdoh, the youth of Siejlieh Village , they have painted a mural in memory of this great man of the country and the nation.
“The decision of the Supreme Court is not enough to resume coal mining, but the hard work of the State Government is urgently needed to resume coal mining in the State,” he said. he said in a statement today.
“She said that in this Act it is necessary to protect children whether they are victims or perpetrators so that they can be rehabilitated and socialized with them to change their behavior so that they can have a better future.
“You people should not be fooled by the power of money, but think about the future of the nation,” he said.
“If they just say that they can register those who have turned 18 years old, that's enough, but the CEO has set a target to register up to 77,000 people. said Mr. Latiplang.
The Meghalaya Value Added Tax Act stipulates that an interest of 8% per annum will be payable if the amount cannot be returned within 90 days.
Singh also expressed the need to know the Constitution of the country, the rights of the citizens, what their duties should be and what the instructions are because the Constitution of the country is all. you have to bud.
There are 83 recoveries from the disease.
That event can bring about a change not only in the way of thinking but also in the way of life of mankind.
God used him (This was the plan).
“I don't know what to do... I don't know what to do.
He added that the party demands that the salary calculation should be clarified.
The team has won the Second Division title in 2022 and has continued to win the 1st Division title.
One of the Sengbhalang has lodged a complaint with the Returning Officer on the allegation that she saw a woman taking the money given by the Minister.
We also see not only that they have the hope of winning but also the strength of their foundation.
When I was old, I couldn't break my chain.
When Hep entered, many others also entered and began to ask questions.
Regarding the allegation by Bah Shylla that Bah Ardent bought the people with MLA schemes before the elections, Bah Hubert said that the people of Nongkrem have seen for themselves that Bah Ardent used to distribute MLA schemes. MLA schemes every year to the people of Nongkrem and not only before the elections.
Four women who were charged along with Agnes include Artila Nongrum, Paulina Kharthangmaw, Fatima Kharthangmaw and Stet Basalarmaw.
The RBI since 2004 has directed all banks to clarify the KYCs of the people in order to protect the bank accounts of the people from fraud including money theft.
The JD(U) has 117 MLAs and now has the support of one CPI member and two independent MLAs.
The President of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee, Bah Charles Marngar and other party leaders have decided to continue to strengthen the party, even after the MLA has joined the party. TMC, which has many supporters and Congress leaders, is not happy.
After inspecting these two sites, the Regional Committees held a meeting with the leaders of the Karbi community, Karbi Students Association (KSA), Socheng Amreng Border Development Committee (KAAC) and Sniawbhalang Dhar said that the Entry Tax Gate has been closed while the Assam Police are still on duty.
Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, owner of the factory and President of the RBYF, Bipen Sharma, was present at the launch. Head of the Company and other RBYF leaders including Bah RJ Thangkhiew, Bah Kynsai Nengnong, Bah Bullet Marbaniang and others.
Regarding the dead cow, the RBYF leaders through Iaiapkula Kyrsian, Finance Secretary Nongthymmai Unit and Shem Makri, President FKJGP Nongthymmai Unit, expressed their deep sorrow over the death of the cow. , because below the place where the cows were slaughtered, there was a well to distribute to Sor Nongpoh.
When asked how many Rangbah Shnongs the HYC expects to attend the meeting, Donbok said the HYC expects all the Rangbah Shnongs who are concerned about the High Court order to attend the meeting. sloit noh their strength, they should come to this meeting.
It was during these 45 days (1335 days) that God said, “Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name;
The KSU has sent a petition to the DC to request him to provide temporary assistance to the residents of Umkyrpong, Samasi village which has been affected by the floods and the residents have had to stay in nearby villages. by Moorean.
JACATAM is the umbrella of teachers of various schools in the state from lower primary to college.
And they shall destroy the city and the sanctuary: and unto the end there shall be war, and destruction shall be determined" Daniel 9:24-2
They have only one demand and that is to arrest Brij Bhushan Singh.
The ASHA workers claimed that they receive only 2,000 per month and besides that they don't get any more salary while the Minister said that the ASHAs receive up to 5,000 per month.
When Tangmar had finished repairing the broken slieng, he went upstairs again but he did not see the Tongsoh on the body of Jumreit.
“We’ll have to see what that looks like, there is or isn’t really such a thing.
Finally, they urged the MIDC that if it wants to buy land, it should buy it in areas where there are no residents and especially in the Meghalaya-Assam border areas, as it will increase their income. public and especially related to protecting the border.
It's partly beautiful and partly it's not.
A team of police rushed to the village to rescue three persons who had fled into the forest in fear and five others had escaped from the tyrsim of the mob.
Members of the Rot Association of Meghalaya are not selfish.
Lum Sohpet Beng is the sacred mountain of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people because it is through that Golden Bridge of Sohpet Beng that the seven thousand people came down and ascended to this world through the Golden Bridge of Sohpet Bneng before they Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Skum live here on earth.
When asked about the performance of the MDA government, Bah Ardent said that it is a slow performance and I don't know where to turn because it has been focused on the selfish interests of the rulers.
“However, what is surprising is that after meeting with the leaders of the Kmie, they changed their minds and demanded that Bah Ardent should step down,” said Bah Latiplang.
Who has the right to claim Khasi-Pnar or Garo? The problem is that Garo has not been able to fill the jobs in the past years and those jobs have been filled by Khasi-Pnar. at first it is difficult to come up with a consensus answer.
On the other hand, the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, today, have tightened security, to prevent any tragic incident, in this attempt of these Lai Seng to forcibly shut down the area. Toll Gate.
The dedication of ASHAs has resulted in less infant mortality in the state.
Recently, the party also held a meeting at Pynursla in which hundreds of farmers attended.
He said that Star Cement has already received clearances since the establishment of the T200 crore factory in the state. you cannot start a business in this state.
Besides Laban-Nongkrem, other constituencies with the lowest revenue are Nongkrem constituency which received only T.1,12,00,000, Rambrai constituency which received only T.1,1 00,000 (One million and two hundred thousand tyngka) and Sohiong-Nongspung received T.1,84,00,0
Shillong: On the 12th of this month, a child, one month old, was found; dropped off, 4-5 months old.
Rani lost his ticket from the Congress despite being an incumbent MDC and was replaced by Lawren Basaiawmoit, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima.
In his speech, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, said that it is only the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which still has hope for the people. 50 years since we got our own state of Meghalaya but until today we have not found our own border.
“In view of the upcoming holidays and days, on behalf of the Court, let a copy of the report be circulated for inspection by the parties of the Registry on this day.
Translation and Khasi Literature.
There are those who elected the former MLA but now they elect the UDP candidate and this is happening in Rangshken and Mawdngung.
However, it was said that there are some residents who do not want to leave the area despite the danger to their lives.
This was also part of the implementation of Aatmanirbar Bharat, which is to raise awareness of this scheme in this new district.
We also know, “... both the Shabong and Masar tribes are Mukhim tribes, they have mistakenly called them sohshnong.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 578 so far and the death toll has risen to 1,4
The HNYM condemns the police for throwing the bomb and said that if the DSP says that once you wear the police uniform, you are no longer a Khasi. If you have died, make sure that your body is not buried in Ri Khasi.
Furthermore, he has volunteered as a Project Facilitator with NotOnMap, Meghalaya to work with youth on how to promote tourism in the rural areas and women to stand on their own feet.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) in Pynursla constituency has been severely affected after it joined hands with the NPP in the MDA 2.0 government.
Shillong, March 24: A Shillong resident was killed by an auto rickshaw driver at the railway station on MG Road in Delhi at 9:30 am this morning.
The Catholic Association of Shillong (CAA) on July 5, 2023, will hold a Silent Peace Rally in the city as part of the protest against the violence and bloodshed in Manipur which has been going on for nearly three months.
He said that Yess Meghalaya has supported about 1000 groups last year and there are still more groups from the state to receive more financial assistance.
The players in their bid to buy London's leading football club Manchester United have been invited to come to the table to discuss the matter. The club's Premier League stadium at Old Trafford this month.
Nongpoh, Naitung 28: The violence of the Assam government on the border with Meghalaya, has become increasingly evident with the passing of the days and this was witnessed today at 11 am, the Assam government authorities. Through the Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC), they have come to occupy and not own the land within the border of Meghalaya, by planting boundary stones and blocking the road of They are from Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District.
Rajon Singh, who succeeded Tirot Singh, signed a treaty with the British East India Company on 29 March
In her journey to find the truth, she found things that shocked her.
Education Secretary: Eimidahuni Shadap Manner 8.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with AP Syiem, District School Education Officer, WJHD, Jerry A Suting, President of AJMDMWU, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown. The DSEO has promised to take this matter to the higher authorities for discussion.
In the past, it was really a job and it really is.
" She said, "No, Mother, I don't care about you, but I will tell you what I saw in a dream.
The following are listed as attempts to improve the word: Penance : means nguhlet – nguh is to repent; let is what is wrong in human society.
The format of the tournament will be through knock out and the entry fee for teams wishing to participate in this tournament is 2,500, while the deadline for submission of forms will be long on the 5th of this month.
MPCC President Vincent H. Pala, Working President PN Syiem, Rangbah Shnongs of various villages were present at the announcement. , members of the Women's Congress from Mawkynrew and residents from different villages of Mawkynrew Constituency.
The fire brigade was called to repair the building immediately, but as soon as they finished building it, it collapsed and escaped from the hospital.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, while speaking before the leaders of the Sur u Paidbah, South West Khasi Hills District, said that as he has put in the appeal, He said that as a leader and the UDP as a whole, they have not joined hands but they have already spoken and they are also concerned about this issue.
The election went smoothly, but there was still a lot of concern.
So after Jesus was anointed as King.
Nongstoin, Nailar 20: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of West Khasi Hills on Saturday evening arrested three suspected drug traffickers from Nongstoin Market and Police have seized three grams of heroin from the bodies of these three persons.
According to Tiewdop, Brostarwell Ora is a man who used to steal the names of the residents of Shella village and used to talk head-to-head or turn around. shiphang by one and shiphang by another.
Shillong, October 08: The National Population Registration (NPR) is directly related to the Aadhaar number and the government is preparing to resume the registration process after the Aadhaar number has been improved. item.
How do we Khasi understand this?
There are 5 cases in East Khasi Hills, 125 cases in West Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ribhoi, 10 cases in West Jaintia Hills. East Jaintia Hills 3 cases, West Garo Hills 7 cases and North Garo Hills 3 cases.
He said that the union will demand from the government to provide school buses for the students in urban and rural areas and the union has handed over to Bah Allantry F Dkhar and Jefrey Khymdeit to investigate. this is the field.
The Shillong Sports Association Women's Football Tournament, which started on the 19th of July, has extended to its fourth day on the 23rd of July. The tournament was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong.
We have the Sixth Scheduled, the laws for foreigners but they have been forcibly enforced by illegal immigrants from Bangladesh,” he said.
Commentators explain that there has never been a more tragic and cruel incident than this brutal slaughter of children.
The family members of the deceased immediately took them to Byrnihat Parish to pray for them to get rid of the disease.
Sailung Ialong opened the scoring in the 50th minute through Soniroy Suchiang.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that the state has about 80,000 injectable drugs for Covid-1 Those aged 45 years and above, while 42,000 injections are expected to arrive tomorrow, 12th June
On the other hand, the DC of WKHD, in this regard, promised to take action and for this purpose he will forward the memorandum to the state government.
Jowai, Naiwieng 07 : The 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022, which was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai, has been postponed to 2013. The Semi Finals will be held on the 11th and 12th of November,
About 1,900 players will take part in the tournament.
The family members were crying and mourning and food and drink was provided for the friends and relatives who came to mourn and a funeral tree and a cremation ground were prepared. to burn the body; However, while returning home, the vehicle carrying the body, collided with a larger roadside vehicle and immediately, the vehicle overturned and the body of the vehicle was killed. Immediately, Brar breathed again and started shaking his hand and this shocked his son, who was in the car.
She alleged that the letter published by Mukul Sangma in the media shows that he is not capable of leading the state and for that reason she has decided to go ahead with the procession scheduled to be held at 30th of this month and confirmed her demand that Mukul Sangma, along with his followers, should step down from the post of Minister.
In the evening, the Khon Raij will bring the Khnong Blai to Poh Sawiar where the Dalloi together with the elders of the Nikhla Kur will perform the nguh ka dem there and after that all the villages will take their Deiñkhlam from there. Iawmusiang to their respective villages to raise them.
We should also urge the government to immediately stop the unjust violence and fulfill its duty,” said Bah Nongrum.
Ms Laloo said that after the green revolution, farmers have decided to strengthen the cultivation of rice and wheat, but they have forgotten about the cultivation of Krai which helps a lot in the country. healthier and easier to cultivate.
AR Lyngdoh Mawphlang is a resident of Lumsohphoh, Lower Mawprem, Shillong.
The program also highlighted the government's desire to work hard to serve and promote development in all aspects.
Avoid flat and fenced areas such as balconies, playgrounds, parks, ponds, swimming pools and more.
Besides the Futsal Beach Competition, there was also a walk inside the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary under the leadership of Bah Alan West, Chairman of the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum.
Meghalaya scored 147/6 in 40.5 overs to win.
“Only the amount of money I have to pay to the UDP has increased and the interest has increased,” said Bah Shylla.
Shillong: Police on Tuesday seized a body from Jieng Kieng near the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) office on Tuesday.
The Suheldev Bharatiya Samaj Party (SBSP) has a different view that if it wins the government in the state, it will elect five chief ministers and 20 symbuds. The Prime Minister and these shall serve for a term of five years.
S.Plumber and TBn.
These foreigners, according to our information from time to time and according to accurate information, came from Bangladesh and entered through Uttar Pradesh.
He urged others to follow the good example of this woman who has already been trained in this field of cooking and now she is standing on her own feet by expanding her business.
The project was inaugurated by the BDO of Namdong Block, Ma B Sungoh in the presence of the BDO of Laskein Block, Kong R. Lamare, AGM of NABARD, Bah Grevile Kharlukhi and Dr. RM Lamare. MBBS, Director of JHDS, Fr. Manbha Pakem, Garhard Albert, President KHUBLEI Germany and other government officials.
It is to be recalled that the Khnap Thangbru was built with the assistance of the Forest and Environment Department of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Sein Raij Jowai.
“If other states demanding ILP in the Northeast have been able to implement the ILP in their states, then what is the problem in Meghalaya to implement it, even though a group of leaders in the state have approved and sent a resolution to the Central Government to implement the ILP in the state, but what else has caused the Central Government to delay,” asked the Sengbhalang leaders.
According to him, the main goal is to strengthen the education system and also the welfare of the students.
The purpose of this festival is to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi Jaintia people living in Block 1 or Labang Nangphyllut District.
He said that the 15 VPP candidates together with the President of the party have put this as one of the issues and if they win they will demand from the Government of India to implement the Article 371 through the Special Provision as in Nagaland, so that the laws of the Central Government can no longer be violated.
The sellers should be handed over to the police while the drinkers should be ensured that they receive treatment as drug abuse is a physical illness.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, said that the matter is still pending as he has to find out whether it has happened in other Legislative Assemblies of other states.
From Mawkyrwat constituency, Renikton L Tongkhar was elected while from Sohra constituency, Droistar Khongsti was elected as Research Assistant at PHE Mawphlang until his retirement.
The opening of this WRC will benefit the village and the area as a whole in that the waste will not be collected according to the modern technology and will not affect or pollute the environment.
“Where did these go? I got only 135 votes,” said Lanong.
In the flyweight category, Shanborlang Marbaniang (Meghalaya) will face Madan Pratap (Andhra Pradesh) in the flyweight category. ) to the opponent in Round 3 to win the title.
It is also a great opportunity for those who intend to raise pigs, goats, cattle to breed pylleng and to eat meat.
In the middle of the slave market, suddenly a brother from the countryside called out and offered to buy Gomer. They looked at each other, saying, "Who is this brother who offers to buy this woman?" What kind of old man is this who has been so foolish to buy a woman who has fallen and has no strength to stand? A woman who could no longer support herself, her eyes bright and only her skin and bones left like a snaiap.
The Massey Ferguson is one of the most well-designed cars in India.
Appealing to the people to win the BJP, Shah said, “I have come here to appeal to the people to vote for our candidates and bring them into Modi's team.
But we forget this spirit, and the Lord of the spirit who has the power to put and take away the Spirit.
Dr. Vincent T. Darlong PHF Vice Chancellor MLCU in his speech as the chief guest urged the office bearers of Rotary Club Jowai to work hard in good deeds.
The Secretary, MH Dkhar, has wished a happy Behdeiñkhlam to all the Dkhar brothers and sisters who fall under the jurisdiction of the Seiñraij Tuber, from East Jaintia Hills District to West Jaintia Hills. District.
Hek said three cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and two cases in South Garo Hills District while all the districts have recovered.
This will help establish a baseline and facts.
One of the deceased was from East Khasi Hills District.
Mahesh Singh scored in the 71st and 72nd minutes to make it five goals.
“Beware of the unbelievers.
The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) has expressed its shock at the news regarding the suspension of the Chairperson of the Commission, Phidalia Toi.
The Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the rainfall has been a blessing in which the power plants have received more water, but what is needed is to prepare for the future so that in time to come, the power outage will not affect much.
They expressed their gratitude to the parents and teachers who have helped them in their daily educational life which has helped them to reach this goal.
The letter said that according to sections 31 (a) and (b) of the Forest Rules 1960, it is prohibited to cut down trees, except for religious purposes. method.
These bombs were placed in a top secret location and would explode in the morning.
The leaders of the Journalists Association of West Khasi Hills District have also sent a letter to the DC and urged the DC to direct all government departments in the district to hold any meetings for the benefit of the people. The public should also inform the media so that they can convey this news to the public.
That's why if we really want the ILP, we have to show it with the voice of our people but even if the Government of India doesn't implement it or is still in doubt, if the voice of the people If you want an ILP, you can implement it.
The trial will be for children under 18 years of age (Under-18) born between 2006 and
The Army said the ban on tourists came after the authorities warned to strengthen security at all Air Force bases and the order was issued after the Air Force issued a warning. Force in Pathankot has been attacked by insurgents in the past few days.
The video shows that the crowd demanded to pay money at the President's Road and the money was handed over to the police guarding the highway. .
There are three swords that are right, and you shall not count them.
He said that even after seven years of follow-up by the court, there has been no improvement in the provision of health facilities in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 13 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has trained some MLAs to vote in the presidential election. The new election of India will be held on the 18th.
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, DY Chandrachud, which includes four Constitutional Judges, said that the election of leaders is the right of the people and should not be delayed. that is their right.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya Border troops have been on patrol to curb crime in the Indo-Bangladesh border areas.
The robbers were able to rob only the cigarette and Pisa nar, but as they saw that it was a shop with CCTV cameras, the robbers cut off the wires and robbed the shop. the CCTV monitor, which was thrown in front of the shop.
Shillong, November 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has stayed in Mawlai Constituency with the support of Bah Process T Sawkmie.
Still, there are many more who fall prey – men and women – to drug use.
The meeting was led by RBSU leaders Amberlight Masharing, Working President, Everjoy Nongpluh, President and other RBSU leaders.
Finally, the DRSRBD, regarding the government's plan to install a weighbridge at this place, will also submit a letter and meet with the Minister of Transport to block the proposal to install a weighbridge at this place. by Weighbridge.
The union is now preparing to send a complaint to the Ministry of Forest and Environment of the Union Government not to grant permission for the expansion of Star Cement's land to mine coal. this forest will not affect the people.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that this policy has covered all the needs in the field of education in the state from teachers, students. , regulatory bodies and other requirements.
In the first half, Jerina Mawlong scored the first goal for Iasnohktilang in the 36th minute but Daphishisha Syngkli scored the second goal in the 42nd minute. Maw U-Tieng won the match by 1 goal.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Maweit Circle under the leadership of Samla Jerimaia Dkhar President, has decided to hold a march to remind the government about the deterioration of the Nongstoin-Maweit road. The rally will be held on foot from Maweit to Nongstoiñ on the 27th of this month.
And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God: Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and for me, I open my mouth to make known with boldness the mystery of the gospel" Ephesians 6:10-1
According to the rules, the dorbar should be held every six months and if we take the budget session last October, the dorbar should be held in November but in November, the government has A one-day special session on the Goods and Services Tax (GST) has been convened, which means that the session will have to be held again until November.
The scheme, called one time settlement (ots), offers up to 100 percent forgiveness of the highest electricity bill due to payment and 30 percent of the total amount remaining by the electricity department. .
The prize money is T. 50,000/- for the winner and T. 25,000/- for the runner-up along with trophies and certificates.
Shillong: There has been a severe road accident in Rngain this morning, according to reports.
Up to 30 guns were fired and another Russian army officer was shot dead in the fighting.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today decided to close down the houses of Baldeep Singh in Plot 1, Block A and Then the house of Maya Kaur, in Plot I, Block A, then the house of Janki Kaur, Plot I, Block A. corona virus infected with this place.
He is the Holy Spirit.
The union also believes that although the factory is not fully operational but it has started causing problems to the residents, when it is fully operational the union cannot imagine how much more it will pollute the water. and it shall defile the breath of life.
Shillong: The East Students Union (ESU) has sent a letter to the Union Home Minister of India, Amit Shah sending a complaint against various Student Unions in the Khasi Hills, Christian churches and their leaders. , that there have been frequent attacks against other ethnic groups or even non-Christian ethnic groups living in this state.
Ready Nongrum is the General Secretary of the KSU Lawsohtun Unit while Johny is a member.
Rosenberg, who also scored in the first half for Sreenidi, added another goal for the team in the 63rd minute.
He also demanded that the Government of India should take action and expedite the demand for a new State.
Lyngdoh said the Congress party is preparing for the upcoming elections for the two autonomous district councils (ADCs) – KHADC and JHADC. The government employees in various departments in West Jaintia Hills have not been able to arrive on time.
“In Garo Hills, there is nothing, many places are still backward, many people are poor and most of the people are misled by their leaders,” she said.
Writers like Manoranjan Byapari and Perumal Murugan, who have been longlisted for the award twice before, have once again been nominated for the award. The writer, Tanuj Solanki, has also appeared for the second time.
When they come without the Jainspong, the Kni Rangbah or the Woh, when they come to the house, it is only a visit to know the shait of the knowledge, the visit is only to introduce themselves. but when he came back with the Jainspong he did not come only to ask for knowledge but as a man of power and authority.
There have been 134 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
Within 10 months, the Minister has opened three C&RD Block and more will be opened in the coming days.
Although the government has ended the lockdown, the lack of jobs has affected the workers.
Shillong, East Khasi Hills District, has been severely affected by the outbreak of the corona virus or COVID-19 in the second wave. not valuable, after this has happened since June.
Jowai, Lber 23: Speaking at the Fourth General Assembly of the Seiñ Kur Shylla West Jaintia Hills District at Sabah Muswang Hall, Pastor Mechak Shylla, Pastor Mechak Shylla, said that the world is very difficult now. day in relation to education by saying that even if you get up to 80% or above marks even to get admission in schools or colleges is difficult.
On his part, he also donated to the NNSSCC with the best wishes, that it will be able to continue to organize such tournaments to promote football in the region.
On the other hand, Bah Samlin Malngiang said that the NPP is in the forefront of the struggle in the state and out of the 58 candidates who have nominated 36 candidates have been confirmed to get the seats from the NPP. lead this government alone this year.
Other speakers included the President of the UDP Mawlai Circle, Bah Homer Kharkongor, who said that the UDP is happy to have Bah PT Sawkmie as its candidate. The United Democratic Party (UDP) is now in power.
The Rangbah Shnong of Khlieh Umtrew Tdoh Umsiang, Bah DL Nonglait, who was present on the occasion, said that in fact it was the Dorbar Shnong which authorized the company to clean up the area. but not to open the farm again.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Tourist Taxi Drivers Association (TTDA) has expressed its full support to Ma Denis Siangshai, the independent candidate for the MP election. “We as the people of 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency will support Ma Denis Siangshai because he has that position in the Democratic Parliament,” he said. , when we often meet him in personal and social matters, we find that he is a man who is quick to accept and also quick to show the way.
However, it was said that Purno had told Amit Shah that there is no peace and stability in the state and that the Congress government in power in the state is too corrupt. Purno has revealed to the BJP President about corruption such as the whitewashing of teachers, the smuggling of medicines worth hundreds of crores of rupees and others.
BJP MP Neeraj Shekhar said the Congress party does not look outside if they are not from the Gandhi family.
This action of the athlete has affected the sports career as she has to lose the silver medal she won at the National Games.
This decision was taken on 30th November 2019 at the National Executive Meeting held in New Delhi.
The two had scored 24 runs before the end of the innings.
He said India is not a safe haven for the authorities to come and stay at will.
In the final match of the day, NEHU Shillong beat Phukan Memorial College, Dalu 5-1
“For this reason, we have decided to contest only in a few constituencies where the party has hope,” said the BJP President. the party in the manner of operation.
The scheme has been implemented through the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy of the Government of Meghalaya.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Shri Sushil Kumar Shinde, said that according to the Constitution of the ILP, it has to be challenged only by the State Government.
The leader must also have the ability to speak in such a way that he can persuade, persuade the followers and also explain to those who are busy.
He said that the incident in Mukroh village is not an incident of conflict between the Khasi and Assamese but the actions of the Government of Assam and Meghalaya have given a wrong impression.
Speaking to Rupang, the employees of KHADC expressed their surprise how people who don't have an office, even though they hold a high position, can collect their salaries every month. they didn’t do the work.
The Seng demands that the officer should immediately withdraw the show cause notice and in fact he should apologize without any conditions, not only from the Principal of the school, but from all the people, because “It is a violation of the human rights of the people,” said Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson, VPP.
“Isn't this related to the decline in the value of human beings especially that they see all the films that don't match which has caused them to have a bad attitude?” asked the mother.
He was filled with joy when he got what he wanted.
After Haman's death, Mordecai (the Jew) became great in the king's house, his fame spread throughout the land, and the Jews defeated their enemies.
At the same time, he also criticized the BJP for changing the names of the schemes of the Congress government.
While the polling station was going on at Umladang Govt LPSchool, Umladang Village, a group of robbers carrying Shaktiman, less than 100 people, broke into the polling station. and lynthem to break the EVM, in which the incident happened at about 11:30 pm.
The West Jaintia District Table Tennis Association (WJDTTA) has invited all interested players to participate in the trial to be held on the 6th of June at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Hall, Jowai.
Jaintia Journalist Association (JJA) 11.
Let us briefly consider how Jesus dealt with this sin and the words of the Apostle Paul.
“He said who will be responsible for providing land for isolated wards like in schools and we leave it to the government to talk to the school leaders to provide land for accommodation. Covid 19 cases in the villages.
The DC said that he leads the Government and requests to end the strike, but despite the promises, the protesters did not move and promised to continue the strike until they receive a promise from the Prime Minister on this part.
The doctors who attended the event included Dr H Bani, one of the Khasi doctors and Dr Pradeep Jyoti, from Kerala.
Furthermore, there was no charge against these officers who were dismissed and they were not allowed to defend themselves according to the procedure of natural justice.
Israeli troops claim to have shot dead Hamas chief Yassin Rabia and Khaled Najjar, another militant commander.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA of Amlarem constituency, is the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Whether or not we want changes.
“In the end, the people will not elect these parties. Let the people who have been elected ask themselves whether their support for their national party has any meaning or not. get a chance to lead the government.
When asked whether the peace talks will be successful, Bah Blah said, “As of now, everything is on the right track and everything is going well.
Ong is gone.
These organizations have expressed their opposition by staging a sit-in in Shillong today.
Besides, the GSU has demanded that the State Government should suspend all the appointments from other ethnic groups until the unfilled quota of the Garo people has been filled.
This is the saying, "Don't stir up the bsein, for it will turn around"
One of the houses is located in Motinagar where she was taken away by an MLA, whom the child named, according to her statement to the Chairperson of the SCPCR. She told the IO of Madanryting but the police did not take action until the Chairperson lodged a complaint revealing the name of Mawhati MLA Bah JK Dorphang.
He also congratulated the people of the North East who will benefit from this.
Upon receiving the letter, the teachers of the school, which is also a place for children, have decided to repair the building of the school which has no house anymore, as there is no Managing Committee. money to provide all the necessities even to cover the damaged school rooms.
The State Governments and the Central Government are the biggest contributors in this regard as they publish many advertisements on various schemes and information from time to time.
“We have decided to strengthen the spirit of national unity through the RDA,” said UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh in the presence of HSPDP President KP Pangiang. meeting of two political parties.
Residents living in urban areas have complained from time to time to the relevant authorities about the pollution of the water supplied by the PHE department, especially in terms of color and taste.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, on receiving information about the intention of the Assam Police to attack the area, has sent police to patrol the area. to see that nothing untoward happens.
You have a long way to go and stay on top of your game.
He said other governments should be ashamed when they cannot do it but this MDA government can do it.
He said that 2373 PACS across the country are under construction as Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
Matthew 24:3-4.
He completed his BA (Hon) in Khasi subject and also in Political Science.
Judge Manu Sharma said there was only one condition that could not be granted bail in relation to Mishra, but others could be granted bail.
In my opinion, I saw that it was very difficult to do this.
These two neighboring states have not been able to resolve the border issue for 50 years.
However, out of 100,000 tree seedlings, only 10,000 tree seedlings survive to maturity.
Musiang: Prepare the requirements for Muchai.
“It should have honored the Congress during the time of the Assam government which brought in the District Council to protect the people,” he said. central and state governments, to protect the nation separately".
My father took me to a shop in the Synod which was in Armala and was very crowded.
Although shops and markets are closed, vehicles are moving a lot in the city.
Earlier, a truck from Rajasthan had to pay a fine of T.1.41 lakh.
The finals of the U15 singles boys and girls category will be played at 1 pm starting at 1 pm. U19 singles boys and girls, U15 doubles boys and girls, followed by U15 doubles boys and girls. girls), Under 19 men's category, and U19 doubles boys, girls & mix.
Shillong: Police have sent letters to more than 50 people to appear in connection with the incident ha Motphran on 31st June this year.
According to the information of the union, the transformer has been broken since the 16th of this month and this has affected the livelihood of the people especially in this age, where the people rely on almost all kinds of services. from electricity and especially the mid-year examination of the students is also approaching.
For many many years, it was believed that dental health had no effect on general health but this contemplation now has new interpretations.
It is worth mentioning that such incidents of theft or robbery happen frequently in Mawkyrwat market where crimes have started to increase from one day to another, especially the theft from shops. Mawkyrwat market has now become very popular.
The body was introduced and accepted by the brother and mother.
He said that even if they don't have a single pond, they get assistance to build a fish pond.
Riyo Dhar scored the first goal in the 12th minute.
Hek said he had spoken to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Monday on the issue.
He is also currently a member of the Seminary's Governing Board.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar and the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People have vowed to demolish the BSNL tower at Litkrang Mynnar Jirang if the BSNL fails to implement it within six months.
This allegation by them is very wrong, after many days, they were accused of murder after he went to work, walked and stood, what does this mean, there is something behind it to kill the officials. said the Rangbah Shnong.
Robert is now 63 years old.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that it does not matter whether the BJP government in Manipur will give a seat in the Cabinet or not. , to the NPP MLAs who have supported the BJP government in Manipur, but the party is pleased to support the BJP government in Manipur, as the NPP party is synrop lang lang in the the NDA and the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA).
New Delhi: The Government of India has extended the curfew till 31st June
He said the department will allocate funds to set up an NDRF to look after and protect the people as this area is the route of the earthquake and urged the chief ministers to strengthen the working methods of the NDRF. by the State Disaster Response Force.
The case is still pending in the District Council and in court.
Narwan SC and Shnongrim SC have four points each, Latyrke SC, Tluh SC, Lamyrsiang SC and Lakasein SC have three points each.
Rupang has also learned that KHADC CEM Pynshngain N Syiem may contest from the UDP in the 2018 elections if he cannot form his own political party in the 2018 elections. However, it has been decided that he will not contest from the Congress party, the source said.
Also, as we have seen on social media on 9th October 2021, there are also some members who have started talking nonsense and talking nonsense about things that are not relevant to this age. At the same time, the members of the ECC have threatened that if the government does not do anything on their demand, they have decided to demolish all the 34 Coke Factories in the country. that building that area.
Shillong: Doctor of Law, Dr. Fenela L Nonglait has joined the BJP to contest the Lok Sabha MP elections from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today sent a letter to the Superintendent of Police (Anti-Infiltration) on Tuesday. complaints that some foreigners have been allowed to enter the state freely.
Earlier, the CEO of Banalari World Car, Bah Godwin M Lakiang, thanked the people of the area including the village officials who have given their support to them so that they can build and erect. This is the showroom.
Speaking to reporters at the inspection site, Minister J Nongkhlaw said that many of the ministers of the Hima Mylliem are not aware of the allocation of land by the Hima to various church groups in the Law Syiem. The Shnat Raid Mawpat, but he alleged that this was a smuggling and selling by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima along with some of his ministers.
On the other hand, the group's advisor, Bah Ricky Pathaw, said that first of all, it was through the support of the MLA that they were able to carry out the work.
He that laugheth shall be ashamed: he that rejoiceth shall be left alone.
Taking part in the debate on the 2024-25 Budget in the House today, Ardent said that the CAG report 2021-22 has shown that the state's revenue has increased by 62.2 percent. and the reason is because of rising debt.
The first season of the Global Chess League (GCL) will now feature world champions Ding Liren (China), Magnus Carlsen (Norway) and Viswanathan. Anand (Ind) and four-time world champion in the women's category Hou Yifan among other participants.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal to auction hundreds of acres of land to the BSF for the construction of a military base. It is located on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Keeping in mind the needs of those who are just entering the workforce, the Minister recently launched the Karmayogi Prarmbh, an online module on the igotkarmayogi platform in which more than 400 training courses have been provided through e. -learning that can be accessed from anywhere using any mobile, tablet or computer.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The State Government will soon start the work of taking over and rehabilitating the land damaged by the mining across the mining areas in the State.
This was witnessed on Thursday when Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills inaugurated two projects – the water treatment plant implemented by the Pdengshnong VEC and the crematorium. Pynshongkhla VEC, Umphrup Village, Khyrim Syiemship.
Rahman said he resigned from his post as an IPS officer as a sign of protest against the law's prohibition of unity across racial lines.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : The State Government on Friday admitted that it has had to repair about 2000 government schools in the state including those that have been destroyed to those that have been destroyed.
In this regard, the Khasi Students Union Khliehriat Circle once again demands from the government to immediately repair the road in the district, said a statement issued by Samla C.Suja General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union. KSU Khliehriat Circle.
The meeting was led by Eddie Murphy H Passah, Ambrose Gatphoh, Chairman and Secretary of the Forum and speakers including JSU President and General Secretary Jersom Shylla and Treiborlang R Suchen.
“Five people took me to Damra and there they stopped and then Adhikary came in and then they took me to Damra. Rajapara and there they gave me food , then they gave me some umsoh and as soon as I drank that umsoh I fell asleep without surprising anyone because they cleaned the sleeping pill and when I woke up I found that I was clear Dhupdhara is a mountain,” said the child.
“I don't have anything to explain what their better vision is and I don't have anything to say against what they have, they have a good vision for the nation because they have their own role as a "I'm sorry," said Mr. Pangniang.
Shillong, Lber 23: The power outage at Mot Nongsteng (Lum Mawshken), Nongsteng village, Sohra War District, has been going on for 11 months since June 2016 after a heavy rainfall. The transformer has been damaged due to heavy rainfall and strong winds in these days and the village has been in darkness since then.
According to the Minister, the BJP Meghalaya needs to work harder to reach the goal.
Shillong: The meeting of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) with the Chief Executive Members affected by the signing of the MoU by the Meghalaya and Assam governments has decided to go to court. The coordination committee, which will be headed by the EM Incharge of the Elaka, Bah Jambor War and the members of this committee will be the chiefs of the four himas and their muktiars.
This law is sufficient to detect or verify corruption of Government employees through their income compared to the income they receive from their jobs.
The discussion on the implementation of Electric Vehicles (EV) in Meghalaya has continued despite the difficulties faced by the participating groups.
On another issue, CEM Bah HS Shylla said that the Council has received revenue of T.15,05,250/- from the shares of the Hima which usually pays or gives to the Council 1/8 part of the revenue. .
The JHADC has approved the appointment of 39 vacancies within the Council in order to strengthen its working methods.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 24: More than 75% of the residents of West Khasi Hills, are still living on agriculture, but all of them are still following the farming methods led by their ancestors.
Drugs are the most dangerous weapons of darkness and are expensive commodities and only the rich can play with them.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has requested the District Magistrate to declare a micro containment zone for the factory to complete contact tracing of those who have been in contact with those infected with COVID-19 and to complete Antigen test/RTPCR for all high risk persons. contact with low risk contact.
Manchester United 2003-04: Ronaldo became the first Portuguese player to join United for £12.24 million ahead of the 2003-04 season.
It is to be recalled that the person who tested positive for Covid-19 on 5th July is a pharmacist at the Civil Hospital and is a high risk contact of the Civil Hospital. Rangthong PHC on 4th July 2020 at Rangthong PHC.
Shillong, June 05: West Khasi Hills has won the title of the U-23 Women's Inter District Cricket Tournament 2022 by continuing to win and top among all the teams participating.
And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubile unto you; it shall be a jubile unto you; and let every man return to his own land, and let every man return to his house".
These people who are in power have now started to offer money to the voters in every household so that they can come back to power.
Schemes like MGNREGS have worked well in states like Meghalaya where more than 80 percent of the population lives in rural areas. meter high bridge connecting Mawrah and Kongthong villages at a cost of 80 lakh tyngka.
At the same time, regarding the demand that the government should suspend the recruitment in government departments while the Reservation Policy has not been finalised, the Minister said that the government has The Cabinet meeting approved the new Office Memorandum (OM) regarding the Roster System.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : When will the government be able to solve the problems faced by teachers at various levels of education due to the salary problems, said the MLA of Mawlai Constituency. u Bah PT Sawkmie when he saw that the SSA teachers had to strike and stayed near the Addl.Secretariat to demand their six month salary.
These foods help control appetite and maintain appetite, which can reduce the choice of high-calorie foods.
They didn't recognize him anymore because they were too old.
He said that the District Council has taken the step to pass a law to empower women by including them in the Dorbar Shnong and Dorbar Elaka.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : The Union of Shiphew Dorbar Shnongs Shillong West constituency held an emergency meeting on 23rd November 2022 at Lumdiengjri. Community Hall, Shillong has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident which happened at Mukroh Village on 22nd November 2022 where a paradoh parasnam was shot dead by the Assam Police and three persons were killed. their lives.
Furthermore, as mentioned above, Dkhar women have already received the Khasi jait before the single jait and have also converted themselves to the Khasi jait which has been accepted by the KHADC. and its acceptance to convert Dkhar women into Khasi is against the Lineage Act and also against the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
The fighting was intense and the houses of government officials in Jowai were also burnt and destroyed on 23rd July
The Government took this decision at a meeting of the Cabinet chaired by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
“This is a sign of your love and unity in the society,” said the Minister and encouraged them to continue holding such meetings from time to time in order to protect their culture. Coach and bring about cultural, social and unity.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 28,36,926 with 69,652 new cases reported today.
The Congress, which used to be the strongest party in the House in the past, now has only five MLAs. He drowned in the Od-Ringai River at Mawten village in South West Khasi Hills District.
They don't even consider to cut down the trees and revive the branches which is Satan's greatest mission.
Thus, it seemed that she would lose her first title of this tournament.
The leaders of the country and other ethnic leaders gathered together under the banner of the All Party Hill Leaders Conference (APHLC) in 1960 and demanded a Hills State.
When asked after the Board meeting, Salseng said that this happens when many government departments are just places to sit and rest for politicians. in any political party in power, it would always do this.
“We are pleased that the state government has expressed the same concern on the need to empower the village headmen by law.
However, the work of the Planning Board has never been heard of.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on Tuesday welcomed the Russian leader to strengthen bilateral relations and cooperation especially in the field of ballistic missiles. of North Korea which have been banned in other countries.
The order came not from the Department of Education but from the Election Department of the Districts.
Now it is urgent to remind the people that the time has come to start cleaning up all the water wells in this state, where all the villages and townships are flooded. to take action for the maintenance of the water sources that flow from them.
His birthday is known as 'Gandhi Jayanti' and is celebrated every year on the 2nd of March.
Jowai, Nailar 10: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, WJHD Jowai will hold the Independence Day Run – 2023 for men and women (open category) .
On this occasion, various office bearers were elected as President, Tamius Surong as Vice President, Provist Surong Secretary and 30 Executive Members.
Speaking at the programme, the Additional DC of EJH, Kong JU Kharpuri stressed on the need to look after and care for the development of the children from infancy until they reach the age of majority. 8 years old.
KA THONG – KI LAD KI LYNTI[By Collin Wanñiang]The Parliament of India has recently debated whether Christmas Day will be a holiday in the country or not.
“With the good roads, the youth of the area have hope that the tourism industry will grow and can also generate sufficient income,” he said.
Klong water is a drink that can provide hydration in the body.
There are 56 cases in government quarantine facilities, 88 cases at home and 80,135 cases in the state.
Jowai, Naitung 26: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Kiang Nangmih Stadium. Jowai.
In this regard, during the inspection, it was found that the residents have started expressing the need for tika injection and this was witnessed by the number of people who came out to get tika injection.
Mairang, Naiwieng 01: The DC Eastern West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with FOCUS Mairang will hold a Miss and Mr Mairang contest for the 10th Anniversary of Mairang District. for children 18 years and above and Kids Show for children 3 years and below on the 10th of this month at Madan Mot Tirot.
This is also true.
In the match at Mendipathar, Tura beat South Garo Hills by two runs.
Although the hurdles set a low target, the Sohra Combine failed to reach the target and lost by 7 runs.
Speaking to the public, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that the party has no objection to the Umroi Airport, but as the party, it cannot. He did not express his regret over the difficulty in implementing the Umroi Airport.
That night, Hep, in the midst of his anxiety about his proposal, fell asleep with justice.
Bah Nujorki brought this up during the Question Hour in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
D.Ryngkhlem, Secretary of the Association of Cow Traders, said that many times there has been a snowstorm while passing through this road due to the spread of dead cows by those smugglers to Bangladesh. .
It cannot be said that the instability of the Executive Committees of KHADC in each term of office is due to the fact that the people elect MDCs from people who are the crown jewels of the Khasi Pnar people.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on the occasion of the expression of concern over the implementation of the NEP from April
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has announced the closure of Ranjan Nath's house near Puja Mandap, Upper Jail Road, Bharat Nath Singh's house in Khliehshnong, Golflink, Pynthorumkhrah. Kr Dey at the house of Nijabul Hussein, Qutub Manzil, Keating Road.
A few hours later, people living on the border of Meghalaya gathered at the scene and at the same time, Assam police also arrived.
The nurses were under the banner of the All India Government Nurses Federation (AIGNF) including both men and women.
Police in East Garo Hills today raided the camp of the robbers involved in the kidnapping of Rintu R Marak and arrested the robbers.
Shillong: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has urged the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate into the deaths of Rosy Sangma and Samuel Sangma.
Those who are affected by this order can appeal to the relevant authorities, said the order of the District Magistrate.
About 70% own land and 30% are landlords or tenants.
The Lyngngam elders, when they advise the youth of this age, often remind them of the khonrympha.
The question now is how a person who is still under trial and has been bound by many rules of the High Court will run the village affairs until now since his release on bail.
Through this incident, it was reported that many members of the Congress party, became ill and had to stop the rally to protest against the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
His announcement today makes it clear that he may join the BJP to contest from Mawsynram Constituency.
On this occasion, Bah Working Sangriang, General Secretary of the NPP South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest to inaugurate the tournament.
The letter said that the main demand is to remove the incumbent Director General of Police, PJP Hahneman, because they are not satisfied with the performance of the Chief of Police.
The 198 people are high risk contacts of people who came to attend the wedding ceremony, which was held at Greenwood Resort, Guwahati. the positive test has NEIGRIMHS Hospital.
One person has been arrested in connection with the incident.
The incident happened at about 6.40 pm while the three men were returning from Ladrymbai area and were about to return to Tuberkmaishnong village but when they reached Wapungskur village they met The collision occurred between a truck and a Maruti car.
At the same time, the JSU and JYF strongly condemn the bloodthirsty people who took the life of Mebanker Passah who was studying at DHMS in Karnataka.
The body of the policeman was shifted to Silchar Medical College and Hospital (SMCH) for post-mortem.
These Sengbhalang groups have also formed a Joint Action Committee (JAC) to urge the Government to postpone the closing date of the festival which falls on Sunday.
Nongpoh, Lber 15: The residents of Umsning Proper-B led by Bah Wonding Thawbri, Bah T Mylliem and Bah D Kharmaw, on Tuesday said that the residents of Umsning Proper-B, Bah T Mylliem and Bah D Kharmaw, The reason why the residents have protested against the proposal to move the Umsning Market to Patarim, is because of the negligence of the village leaders, without consulting the residents.
If it is necessary to translate anything related to the official language, it can be translated in accordance with the rules of law.
This is a beautiful valley but the collection of money is only 20 tyngka per head.
The search for those close to her is ongoing.
The reason why mothers in the rural areas give birth at home rather than going to government hospitals is because they are afraid to leave their other children at home for many days.
Speaking on Friday, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “As you know, there are many police stations which have been lost or destroyed so we have allocated about Rs 100 crore for the improvement of them. .
This is why we Khasi respect Meikha because we get the seeds of rnai from Meikha.
This was announced by the Secretary John Cajee.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Balajied Ranee, congratulated the Karbi Cultural Society Meghalaya Zone, for organizing this festival, which has been one of the steps to showcase to the world the unity. The Karbi in the state and abroad as well, because through this festival, they have been able to showcase the richness of their culture and traditions.
"We have submitted a letter in the House explaining in detail on this issue for the purpose of compensation to the farmers," said the Maharashtra opposition leader.
So she talked to them and went straight to Linda's house in Mawkhar.
John 8:32.
From time to time, we have witnessed the arrest of foreigners in the states and the problems that the Jaidbynriew has faced and suffered through the violence against these invaders which happens from time to time. around the country.
“Noting that this statement by the Congress candidate from Sohiong is a violation of Chapters II and XVI of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016, the party requests the MHRC and the Commission for Persons with Disabilities to prevent individuals or groups from discriminating against people with disabilities and urged them to take action and provide a fair trial as soon as possible.
““Through the inspection of trading license by HITO in Rynjah, it is surprising to see that KHADC issues trading license to foreigners through NOC signed by a foreigner who has According to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District 2007, the Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Colony has been appointed as the Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Colony. It is clear that Rangbah Shnong “means a Khasi elected by the residents of a village within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem, and only a Khasi can be a Rangbah Shnong”.
Guest player Sejal Raut was one of the 25 players to score 209 runs in the tournament and has scored 50 runs (half century) twice before. it will fall into it.
Even the candidates don't want to decide whether they will continue to contest or not from the party they belong to and now they are thinking about where they will go in the next election”.
The implementation of the Special Summary Revision-2023 is transparent and transparent.
“Of course, there will be no Government that will play chess and do things against the people because we are here to rule for the benefit of the people.
Provision of facilities, educational institutions that can bring back those who have left education halfway, follow-up of children's studies, openness to different ways of acquiring education, participation of counselors or social workers qualified in schools, access to education in grades 3, 5 and 8 through NIOS and State Open Schools, secondary education programs equivalent to grades 10 and 12, vocational courses, adult literacy and life enrichment programs are some of the suggestions on how to achieve this.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Golden Marbaniang in his speech said that the Nongthymmai Cultural & Sports Club Huroi is one of the clubs in the village that has developed in the field of sports. He said that the sports club needs to have a proper playground, a mini-gallery and especially a well to cover the ground from all sides as it is a ground where not only football players but also football players play football. It has also been used to hold many larger programmes, such as large meetings, government programmes, large football matches and so on.
That is why the government has banned mass gatherings in schools, theaters and places of worship.
The same office is looking for a Lab Technician at Byrnihat PHC, with a salary of T.13,000 per month.
When asked about the synrop, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that the two political parties will meet again to elect the new members of the RDA. He said that although he decided not to cooperate in the 2023 MLA elections, “we have an understanding that we will not be able to cooperate after the elections”.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has awarded the 3rd Woh Tep Kyndait Academic Award to 27 youths from three villages on Thursday.
He said that the members of the party will inspect the site to find out for themselves.
The ADE has made it clear that the issue here is not on the railway line, but on the way to stop the influx of foreigners, which they have demanded on the basis of the Inner Line Permit ( ILP) and the party said that talks have been held on many issues, such as foreign check posts, registration of foreign nationals and others, but this has not worked at all until these days. .
Bah Kyrmen said the purpose of the apps is to show the cooperation between teachers and to get the necessary information to improve education in East Jaintia Hills.
The 20 semi-finalists are Chewidonmi C Khonglah, Kyntiewlin Mawphniang, Phaton Pillars, Blesstar Nongbet, Riewkhrawnam Garod, Mankhihlang Manner, Justin Sami Nongbri, Wankupar Lyngdoh, Sengatchi Marak, Kilan Oo Sulah. Daryl Hamarbamut Diengdoh, Nangkyntiew Choir, B United Crew, Levis June Lyngkhoi, Damangbha Wann and Malcolm Manbha Nongsiej.
In West Jaintia Hills District, school children took part in the Rally Against Tobacco and Signature Campaign which was held in the form of a competition under the auspices of the State Tobacco Control Cell in collaboration with the State Education Department. and the Sambanh Health Foundation.
“There are six Congress MDCs including PN Syiem, RV Lyngdoh, Gabriel Wahlang, Charles Marngar, Batskhem Ryntathiang and Carnes Sohshang.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar, extended his Behdiengkhlam greetings to all the people of Seiñ Raij Tuber. He said that this Behdiengkhlam festival is the honor of Jaintia Hills.
Since Prestone took over the Ministry of Home Affairs, it has been found that there is no longer that high level,” said Bah Pala.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills Circle and JYF led by Preios Pale and Joint Pala on Tuesday met with the Superintendent of Police (SUP) Two school children were killed in East Jaintia Hills.
Khliehmawlieh will play against Rangdajied for the title of the tournament which will be held again at the SSA Stadium Polo on Saturday, July 17,
The 15 players and support staff who have been selected are as follows: R. Jona Than (Nagaland CA) Captain, Nilesh Lami Chaney (Sik Kim CA) V. Captain, Ki Shan Lyngdoh (Meghalaya CA) , Langlonyamba (Manipur CA), A.R.Ahla wat (Arunachal Pra desh CA), Joseph Lalthan khu ma (Mizoram CA), Prafulla mani (Manipur CA) – Wicket – Keeper, Dippu Sangma (Megha laya CA), Jotin Pheiroi jam(Manipur CA),Imliwati Lemtur (Nagaland CA), Palzor Tamang(Sikkim CA), Kishan Sinha (Manipur CA), Akash Kumar Chou dhary(Meghalaya CA), Rajkumar Rex Singh (Manipur CA), Nagaho Chishi(Nagaland CA), Coach – Sonam Palden Bhutia(Sikkim), Physio – Th.
He is also a writer, poet, dancer and expert in song, music and traditional dance.
Nicos Laloo scored 17', 70', Golden Mukhim 29' and Wanmi Kassar 71'.
Cities in India must work hard to bring about change in economic development in an orderly manner.
This reporter visited seven funeral homes in Nongkya and Madan Umrnong villages under the leadership of Mawhati MDC James Sylliang who expressed his condolences on the tragic incident.
Recalling that the ban on logging Act in 1996 has affected the entire West Khasi Hills, Bah Erwin understood that the current Act means that the CM will not own it. and the forests which are not cultivated, and the fields which are not cultivated.
“Twenty-one soldiers attacked and shot dead seven youths while they were returning home,” he said.
W.Lynrah and I District School Education Officer, West Khasi Hills District, I Kong.
During the three days of this Assessment Camp in each Block, parents with concern for their children came to participate and lead them so that the staff of ALIMCO can provide for the needs of the children with disabilities. that Child with Special Needs (CWSN).
Shillong, Lber 28 : The MPCC has handed over to the MBCC to nominate or select the party's candidate for the 2023 MLA elections.
Jayasuriya has 43 wickets in six Test matches and has taken three wickets and his ability to take many wickets has helped him to climb to 13th place in the rankings. list of Test cricketers to enter the 20th position.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA of Mylliem as the chief guest. Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Ainam Manik Syiem, principals, teachers and students of Pomlum School.
Shillong, March 11: The National Spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Saket Gokhale on Tuesday slammed the MDA Government's efforts to Thanks to the media and the people of Meghalaya, it has been like a seal.
Police received a tip at 12:16 pm from the management of Byrnihat Primary Health Center (PHC) and immediately rushed to the scene. to conduct an investigation.
Referring to the criticism of the NPP from all political parties, Bah Tynsong said the criticism is not only from the opposition like the TMC or the Congress, but also from the party. The UDP, HSPDP and PDF. The response was strong and most of the comments came from the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma and the Prime Minister's Adviser Prestone Tynsong.
We were born for lifelong love, to improve the relationship of love with parents, brothers and sisters, elders, loved ones, friends and others. relationships that support life.
Film analyst Komal Nahta said the gross of these films has reached T.120 crore.
They were handed over to the Phramer Traffic Cell for further investigation.
You are also one.
The cut of age of players is from 6 -12 years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The JAC of KSU Mairang Circle (HANM) has held a one day sit in demonstration in front of the Nongkhlaw Youth Association (KSU) Mairang Circle. MeECL office in Mairang with placards written on the slogans "We Demand a Stay Order for AEE Mairang Sub Division"
The Sordar of Pyndengrei, Bah M.Marwein, laid the ribbon to hand over the house to Kong Lucy Sohshang. other other.
According to the request of the state government, 342 households have been approved to relocate 342 households from Them Iew Mawlong to a 2.14 acre plot owned by the Shillong Municipal Board.
But the fruit and the seeds remain the same whether on the tree or after being harvested.
The leader was the Co-Chairman of the Garo State Movement Committee, Balkarin Ch Marak.
On the other hand, NESO Chairman Bah Samuel Jyrwa said that the party stands firmly against the proposal to pass the Bill as it will put a serious threat to the people. the owner of the village in the east.
Explaining about the discovery of Dohthli, Samla Aristone M.Ryndongsngi, said that as soon as he found Dohthli, at first he was very concerned about the situation, so to verify that, he tried to send information to other scientists in the country to verify about this Dohthli.
“Tomorrow we will welcome two MDCs, one from Antonio and one from Garo Hills,” said BJP General Secretary David Kharsati. I welcome the MDCs tomorrow.
A legend of miraculous miracles, is a story of prayers being answered.
He said that the most difficult thing for the people is when there are patients in the village and to go to Dongkiingdieng is far away from them while to Umsning of Ribhoi District which is closer by phone. phone the ambulances don't come to their area because the road is too bad so they don't have to go to the other side of Wah Umtrew to carry the patients and from that place the ambulances don't come. .
However, he said that his mission is to focus on income and unemployment.
At the same time, the Seng strongly condemned Bah Sanbor for his rude and insulting behavior towards the UDP leader in front of the Presidential candidate of India, Draupadi Murmu at the meeting held. at the Orchid Hotel in Umïam.
He said that the union has requested the DC to set up a WJH Environment and Restoration Fund or Govt Account for Myntdu, and to deposit the money donated by Friday Hinge into this account so that improve the Myntdu.
The approval for the construction of the Governor's House was taken on 07th November 2009 and the foundation stone was laid on 06th November,
“When I lost the election, I went to his office and I remember how much he respected me, because even when the meeting was going on, he would shorten the meeting and call me. , he will discuss and resolve the issue, which I am going to raise,” said the Prime Minister.
The 8th Meghalaya State Shooting Championship 2023 was launched on Friday at the Assam Regimental Centre.
In November this year, she planned to launch the Poshan Abhiyan.
But now you say – “We see”.
Meghalaya will have another chance to do well in this tournament by facing Delhi tomorrow.
:The Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills, S Awasthi held a meeting on the District Level Viksit Bharat Sankalph Yatra Committee at the District Resource Center Baghmara in the presence of Umesh Pratab Singh, Director Ministry of Education. Government of India and other government officials of the State of South Garo Hills District.
When asked whether she would keep her child cold all night, Bermon said, 'We will have to wait until we get our rights back. but when he was sick, she said, 'I don't know what to do.
In fact, this government has worked only to impress one or two people and only to satisfy those in power.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 441 new cases and 4166 active cases in the state. The death toll has risen to The new cases include 18, EJH: 08, EKH: 152, NGH: 17, RBD: 27, SGH: 15, SWGH: 10, SWKH: 17, WGH: 126, WJH: 23 and WH: 28.
“If people allege that my brother is involved in the incident in which six people lost their lives, they should also look for accurate evidence and if If you are guilty, the law will punish you.
Shillong: Former Congress MLA from Sohiong, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has vowed to continue with the Congress party, despite the departure of many members and five suspended MLAs. Speaking to reporters, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that leaders and members can leave the party, but the party itself. and it shall not die, nor be destroyed.
“We teachers don't teach us to come out but it is the government that teaches us to come out,” said Bah Nongsiang. I don't talk to them, I don't listen.
This day has caused great sorrow to many who came to bury Rida.
Abdul Hassim was rushed to Nazareth Hospital at 6 pm but the hospital authorities pronounced him dead before reaching the hospital. You are Covid Positive.
Special thanks were extended to the Secretary of Ramakrishna Mission, Manbha Lyngdoh who has worked tirelessly from time to time to provide assistance to those in need especially to those poor families.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that it is necessary to document and enact the customs and traditions of the tribals.
The day when the Rangbah Shnongs started their protests was also the opening day of the Legislative Assembly.
One thing that sticks in his mind is that he sees that even within the city there are many differences.
Therefore, in the party, those who have joined or become members for the first time, such people, the good, the righteous, the bad, do not come anymore.
" said ECC General Secretary Ma Pynbait Sutnga.
If we accept this song as a patriotic song and if we sing that if the Dkhars and the French bring peace to our country, how can we fight? How do I apply for ILP? How do I create an Entry-Exit point? How can we claim more about the law? If we accept this song, isn't it a mistake as Bah Purningstar has said? John Robert's speech as it appears in this song is true. our nation.
Among those suspended are the head of the Veterinary Department and three other employees of the department.
The Deputy Commissioner also warned that if any person is found in shops or workplaces who do not comply with the orders, their shops and workplaces will be closed immediately.
When asked whether when he joined the Congress party (in the past few months), they had joined hands with Bah HM Shangpliang, but on this, Bah Syiem said, “ After I joined the Congress party again, it was a golden opportunity for Bah HM Shangpliang.
When we reach the end, we are in the end without work! We find the promises to be empty and deceitful.
We see that a very large and beautiful statue of King Tirot Singh has been erected at Mairang.
We live in a world where intellectual labor such as working in offices, schools and others is often thought to be an honorable job.
Let us first look at the example of the water dispute in the villages.
Today, the IAF has delivered up to 2.4 tonnes of food items to Maheskhola.
At the same time, he said that there have been changes in some selection boards, but the minimum age for application in the State is less than 27 years.
Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Thursday met to discuss the Roster System and the Reservation Policy. more sensitive.
Deputy Commissioner, IAS Abhilash Baranwal, IAS as the chief guest inaugurated the bulb manufacturing plant in the presence of Ma Deibor Suchiang, Waheh Shnong Ladrymbai Dongwah who was the chief guest.
Shillong, July 27: Police have recovered the body of a child from a well in Upper Colony, Laitumkhrah, Shillong at 9:30 pm on the 26th of this month.
Ma Roy was re-elected as MLA in 2008 and
Khliehriat, July 14: Police of Ratacherra Infiltration Check Post in collaboration with Umkiang Patrolling Post under the leadership of Additional Superintendent of Police, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, MPS, today arrested a suspected infiltration check post. 1.2 kilograms of Yaba Tablet and amphetamine were seized from four persons involved in the case.
Let us go straight to the point.
In the past three years, the voice of Bah George Lyngdoh has been heard and the Umroi Constituency has been prominent in the Assembly with his presence as the leader of the constituency. A prominent figure in the state who stands up to advocate and speak out on the problems and needs of the people on various issues.
During the campaign , the UDP leaders spoke on the need to strengthen the District Council which has been misused by the big parties The custom is the subject of the District Council.
Neog and Goala met Amit Shah in Guwahati on Saturday.
Through innovation, investment and policies, it can achieve this goal.
Several stadiums have been upgraded such as the MFA Turf, Third Ground, where floodlights and stands have been brought to the venue for the football match.
The company has also helped to lay the ground inside the Tiehsaw Madan Village and to improve the ground, without any payment, along with other assistance activities by the company.
NEDFi has won among 300 such digital initiatives launched by 20 states in India.
Therefore, the government should lift all legal provisions against the arrested members, he said.
When asked how much money has been allocated for the project, the EM did not have an answer as he said that it has included hajuh, which has been handed over to one person.
He said the state government has strengthened the police force to fight against the insurgents in Garo Hills.
He is currently the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri.
My beloved mother received money to support and manage her household chores.
Lamphrang Pohktai and Lop Pohtam were elected as advisors and 10 executive members.
Therefore, the time has come for the children of Hynniewtrep to take to the streets in thousands of thousands to demand the Hynniewtrep State as started by the Jaintia Durbar. It is a way to free us from all the problems we have faced since the independence of Meghalaya until now.
The Eastern West Khasi Hills District Football Tournament, which was held exclusively for the supporters or fan clubs of the world's leading clubs from Eastern West Khasi Hills District, has reached the list of competitors. you name last.
This also means that there are 99640 villages in the country that have access to toilet waste; 78937 having toilet waste treatment facilities; and 57312 villages with access to sewage and toilet wastewater treatment.
On 15th June 2020, the news channel Public TV, broadcast a news story entitled Helicopter Money – 'Helicopterli Surithara Modi' at 8.30 pm. and this is in violation of the provisions of the Press Act.
Perhaps the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills will again experience not only floods but also landslides.
When we think about it, it is because there is no root in our homes and even in the state.
This will also be the second time that the country will host the World Athletics Series, after the first World Athletics Indoor Championships in 2012 in Istanbul.
After the meeting, the Rotary Club honored the Mihmyntdu Dorbar Shnong.
Dr. Myrboh said that it has always been the custom that the investigations appointed by the government do not punish those in the government and therefore the demand for action to punish those involved in corruption, in the evil will be in vain because those involved in corruption and other evil deeds will go on without a trace.
He reminded that the fight against COVID-19 is not only the fight of the government or the authorities, but the fight of all.
The incident came to light when a video of the insult to 63-year-old Ali was released.
Jagdeep said that no foreign power should be allowed to affect the sovereignty and dignity of the country.
He said that during the meeting with the SP, the village expressed its appreciation and there were also many discussions regarding the peace and order in the village and the area as well.
The special ticket price of T.500 is for all SSA tournaments this year.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The CORP Raid Maw buh Circle has urged the relevant authorities to repair the road at Nonglum, Umroi.
“On behalf of the village, we wish the Rama Krishna Mission to continue to grow from time to time, especially that God will give the wisdom and understanding to the leaders and managers of this mission to continue to grow. “We will continue to provide assistance to the needy and the poor,” said the statement.
“Since 2004 we have had about 30% members and now until this year we have about 90 to 95% and the aim is to slow down the work of foreigners, because as in the past In the past, only foreigners used to do this job,” said Bah Ramsiej.
After the Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Anurag Thakur announced the lifting of the ban on Pakistani film stars and singers to come to India to sing and act in films, many of the country's film stars have also received awards. They have expressed their happiness in this regard and feel that now they will be able to showcase their talents through their work.
He said that the program was held at two venues in Amlarem and Jowai.
There are those who work in small jobs in hospitals, government offices, others after completing the SSLC examination they go to training or vocational schools and start setting up their own shops such as clothes shops and clothing shops, beauty parlors, and as shopkeepers around Shillong and in their villages.
It is not surprising that some of the former Executive Members of KHADC have taken their children into their own country. This is an example that as a nation we have to think carefully for the future. ", he said.
“The Corporation is trying to find, among the consumers, who can pay the remaining bailight but who do not want to pay, we are in the first phase now to find them from for the purpose of sending payment"
The policeman was identified as PG Singsit, commander of 7BN Manipur Rifles.
Nongpoh, November 03: One of the prominent football players of the country from Meghalaya, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh on Saturday as the chief guest inaugurated a training center known as the Ri Bhoi Football Coaching Center at Pahamsyiem Village, where many talented youths will be able to showcase their talents in the field of football.
In this regard, Bah N.Nongdkhar, while talking to this reporter, said that as the people have asked him to contest the mid-term election, he will also accept the election. for the purpose of applying for a ticket from the Congress party.
Nongstoin, March 10: In a statement sent by Bah D.Marbaniang and Bah HS Myrthong, President and Secretary of the Union of SMCs, they invite all UPS School SSA under DI Nongstoin to attend the meeting. on 14th March 2016 at Free Morning School (Lad Rambrai) to discuss the work of the 4th Teacher.
As a state that has reached 50 years, we are saddened to see that development in all aspects has not played a role in the welfare of the state.
When he arrived at his home in Bhoirymbong, his parents in Sohiong were informed of his arrival and the next day they took him to the village authorities.
After receiving a tip about the disappearance of the man, the Special Response Team together with the Ri Bhoi Police today rushed to the scene and with the presence of the Special Response Team, they were able to rescue the man. The body of the Rangbah, who drowned in the dam.
Sohtun expressed his concern over the lack of employment opportunities for young people seeking jobs in companies and private sectors and said that even if they get jobs they get only small jobs while The highest jobs are filled by people from outside the state.
The Waheh Shnong, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, in a telephone interview, said that the meeting was held because of the continuous harassment of the Karbi people by the Karbi people inside the village. Assam participants to accompany the Karbi people.
Shillong: Shillong Traffic together with Bansara Eye Clinic has conducted a free eye check up across the city.
This market has become increasingly crowded these days due to the increasing number of shops, and the increasing number of vendors, including non-Khasis.
The driver of the truck tried to get away from the truck but it overturned at the scene until the Coke was scattered. all in another part of the city.
He also explained the objectives of the State by mentioning the projects that will develop the State.
Shillong, Naitung 01 : The GST revenue collected for the month of July, 2023 has reached Rs 1,61,497 crore, of which CGST is T.31,013 crore, SGST is T.38,292 crore, IGST is T. 80,292 crore (including T.39,035 crore collected on the purchase of foreign goods) and the cess is T.11,900 crore (including T.1,028 crore collected on the purchase of foreign goods).
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat Police Station.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was played at the 3rd Ground, Polo on Tuesday.
Nongpoh, Nailar 13: A 21-year-old girl has drowned after falling into a river while eating with her friends in Wah Umtru. near the Panitola Power House.
Khliehriat, Jymmang, 13: From time to time, the residents of Sumer Elaka, East Jaintia Hills District, have expressed their concern over the traffic of overloaded vehicles passing through the Rimanar Bridge. He said that this overloading of heavy vehicles will cause damage to the bridge which has already been repaired and is not suitable for the passage of overloaded vehicles.
At the same time, he said that the state government will assist the villages and land owners in Shillong Thymmai to do the planning, so that it will be the most beautiful city as the planned city. City.
Not only that, it is alleged that the doctor has refused to call and inform the management of these hospitals, but he still has time to lodge a complaint against the driver to the office of protocol of 108, they cannot admit any patient without providing information and a refer letter. They have to phone to inform because many of the hospitals in Shillong do not accept any patient. without being informed in advance about the patient brought in in the evenings.
We are the sons of Pridalin Kurbah, Smt.
“It is we from the NPP who have identified these issues and taken them to the Legislative Assembly to discuss them,” said Prestone.
At 4 pm, the residence of the Principal and the residence of the staff of St. Peter's caught fire and the fire spread to the school and half of the school building was destroyed.
According to my information, because now our Khasi brothers and sisters are in trouble because the government doesn't want to appoint our own Khasi brothers and sisters. That's why they appoint those who are not of their own race. They are easy to surprise and rule foreigners in the office. This is the truth that I comments here juneltongper.
The ground was inaugurated by the President of the Seiñraij Jowai, OR Challam in the presence of the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, SK Lato, Presidents and Secretaries of Soo Langdohs, Waheh Shnongs from 8 districts. The meeting was conducted by the Vice President Hercules Toi.
In his speech, the Minister said that what they have seen in these four years of work as a government is that the people of the state are hardworking and eager to stand on their own feet.
The war between the Khasi and Garo lasted for more than 10 months but no one won.
Only one District Council shall be allowed to rule for a full five years in these District Councils with the hope that within those five years, there will be an agreement between the ethnic parties to unite.
This story cannot be verified but it is understood that it may be true in view of the spread of drugs.
The body of the 2-year-old child was found at midnight on the 17th of this month.
Kindness Mukhim also scored two goals in the 17th and 77th minutes.
Jowai, November 17: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Saturday celebrated its 50th Anniversary or Golden Julie at a function held at the Jaintia Hills. Jowai's house.
We also have to verify the location of Karbi Anglong through the map and Langbang Nongphyllut does not belong to Mikir Hills but is still part of Jaintia Hills which is still in border dispute.
Plaindaris Mawlong, 80, of Laitpnar Rim Mairang was admitted to Supercare Hospital on 09-08-21 and died on 16-08-2 Morsto Langstieh, 75, of Sohiong, Mawdngung, was admitted to Civil Hospital Shillong on 09-08-2 Edinbar Khonglah, 59, of Ladthalaboh, Jowai was admitted to Tura Civil Hospital Shillong on 07-08-21 and died on 16-08-2 of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with comorbidities.
“They should have opened a school of deception because the BJP is trying to deceive the people,” he said.
The Executive Committee of JHADC has also banned the owners of rice fields from using pesticides near the Myntdu River and other rivers which affect the dohum in the river.
The party urges not to hold the election of leaders as a spectacle, but to sit down through a feast of food, drink and unfounded dancing.
If we turn to the farming system in our state, most of the time it is not because we love our farming but because we hate it, the whole reason is that we are fighting against the environment which is the source of food. all the needs of plants and animals on the earth where we live.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The CSWO on Tuesday said that the report on the torture of 12 women in Tura issued by the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) is biased and unfounded. truth.
In Maharashtra, 120 new cases and nine deaths have been reported, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to 52, the Maharashtra health department said.
Jowai, July 13: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Jowai Circle, one of the prominent ethnic parties in the state, today started campaigning and explaining the principles of the scheme to serve the people of the state as a whole.
To express their opposition, the Union has chosen the 26th July which is also the day when India celebrates Republic Day. public signing on the village walls.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Shanlang Diengdoh, President of FKJGP Mawhati, said that the party has found that there are many village leaders from many villages in the area, who have suffered. Don't go to Umsning C&RD Block, because they have to travel a long distance with a lot of expenses, where some village leaders have to spend T.5 to T.10 thousand just for the fare. I don't have a block in Umsning.
“We have to understand, the same people who hold public prayers, who say to respect the rulers, if class 8, class 9, explains to me how to make laws, then I will not go to NEHU. , I'll stay in class 8, or 9 is enough.
The Union Home Minister said the Modi government has signed social agreements with the NLFT in 2019, Bru and Bodo in 2020, Karbi in 2021, social agreements with the Adivasis in 2022, the Assam-Meghalaya border agreement, the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border agreement and the UNLF agreement in 2023 and today with the ULFA He said that through today's social agreement, a new era of peace has begun for the North East especially Assam.
Everyone has the right to choose and decide for their own lives and I am pleased to say that the government should immediately repeal this law which is against the free will of the people.
HDR urged Syiem to take good care of his goats because if you make a mistake, the pigs will eat them. “Take good care of your goats too, lest they be eaten by them. said HDR Lyngdoh.
JOWAI: The people who have been selected for training for the MP election to be held on June 11, have expressed their deep sorrow over the lack of census by the Election Department of West Jaintia Hills District. tyrkhong, wheat germ, wheat germ and sha pjah.
I want to ask about the essay “The decline of the Khasi language in society”.
Khliehriat: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Shri FM Dopth IAS, in a statement, said that as we all know, the tragic incident which happened on the same day at Ksan, Briwar, Nongkhlieh District. About 13 coal miners have been trapped inside the coal mines until today.
When we look at it from this point of view, yoga has been practiced in India since ancient times and is a powerful force to fulfill the ancient prayer: 'Sarvebahvantusukhina, sarvesantuniramaya' except for diseases').
The residents who witnessed the incident immediately informed the fire brigade, but due to the intensity of the fire, the fire destroyed the house and the damage amounted to tens of lakhs of rupees.
He said that after talks with the SP of Traffic Department, the drivers expressed their concern that the SP has allowed them to earn as before.
In the third division, Mawpat will play against Mawtawar.
He said that the Prime Minister has already made it clear that the government is ready for anyone who wants to come to the table of negotiations because they have nothing to hide.
Besides the CEM of KHADC and the EMs under his jurisdiction, other CEMs of the North Eastern Region who have confirmed to attend the meeting, according to Bah Pynshngain N Syiem CEM KHADC, are the CEM of KHADC. JHADC, GHADC, CEM of Karbi Anglong ADC, CEM of Chakma ADC and Dimasoa ADC, are also expected to contest from Bodo ADC. They also discussed the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule and the lack of allocation from the 14th Finance Commission and other issues faced by the ADCs of the North East.
These commitments may apply to target groups among the followers such as the poor households (BPL), the socially marginalized, women, the poor, and so on. that the followers all far away.
At the meeting attended by doctors and officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare including the DHS, the Minister suggested that not only the MHSSP but also should focus on strengthening the services in other areas. of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in collaboration with all those involved in the promotion of health.
“With regret, I would like to say that according to the information received by the party workers, there may be attempts to disrupt the smooth running of the elections in the State especially in the districts. “The Election Agent of the VPP, Bah Danny Langstieh in a statement sent to the CEO, said that there may be a vote. Proxy if the Polling Officials are not vigilant and attentive to the duties assigned to them for the purpose of ensuring the smooth running of the election.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Hynniewtrep Peoples Federation (HPF) Mawlai Circle has alleged that four-wheeler vehicles have charged too much for vehicles.
He said that when the government issued this order, he decided to continue to contest the elections and also to fight against this order.
This was announced by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma after the Cabinet meeting.
Words of rebuke were received from the players on both sides.
They said that he was a rapist, so they did this to humiliate him.
It is also the first time that the party will contest elections in the North East.
“Furthermore, the BJP leader said that the party is ready to contest the elections.
When asked whether there is a sign whether it is a good year or a bad year this year, the sor dar replied that when they do the suit and shor, the elders of the village look after them. If the priest's stone is bright or shows no signs, it means that there is something, but if the stone is bright and shiny, it means that the workers are earning money. The cultivation of the fields is good from the shading, which means that it is a good year.
By 2028, a new state will be formed for Garo Hills, as there are 24 MLAs in Garo Hills, which is enough for them to get a state, especially when the constituencies are increased. .
The Pastor shared the Word of God by quoting from the Prophet Amos chapter 4 and verse
“Tirot Singh and Kiang Nongbah would not have been arrested unless the indigenous people had surrendered. The Government of India has not arrested the Chief Wickliffe Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima until his death. “It is the duty of us the present generation to decide whether we will fight for the peace and stability of the future generation,” said Bah. Robert June Kharjahrin.
According to the letter, the Khliehriat Assembly Youth Congress Committee has demanded the abolition of environmental clearance for all coke factories in the district and to abolish even those which the ministry has already issued.
Regarding this, u Bah Syiem said that the opposition has understood that it is only an act of violence and therefore they don't feel useful to write to change, because it has been violent since they left. raise this Bill.
Noting that this is not a current problem, the Minister said that this debt has been left over since ancient times and the government has faced problems because the revenue generation of MeECL is not able to pay the debt. the loan.
Nongpoh, July 12: U Mawiambei, has been one of the most famous stones, which has appeared in Khasi books and which writers and poets have written and composed poems about the story. which happened, concerning the fall of this stone upon the two brothers, while their mother was buried in the field near him.
The training was attended by 149 farmers from the area.
On the same day, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah also inaugurated the Fete organized by Pynursla.
The Chief Minister said that all the MLAs who attended the meeting expressed their concerns and at the same time gave their opinions to the government and the government has They have taken their advice on how to prevent the spread of COVID-1
They do this also according to the wisdom and understanding of the electorate themselves with their vision.
Besides the training on the meaning of good citizenship, a talk was also given on the topic of peer education which teaches the youth how to walk in the right path despite many challenges in society especially from their peers. I'm not sure what to do.
He said that the residents should think that if anyone distributes insufficient or incorrect food items, they should complain to the relevant authorities.
Nongpoh: The Association of Persons with Disabilities (APD) today celebrated the World Disability Day. Bhoi, together with the District Social Welfare Office, today held a special program at the ground of Nehru Memorial Secondary School Umsning.
Another result of the Civil Services Examination (IAS), Indian Police Service (IPS) and The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has launched a series of examinations in the Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills. include result.
This happened to a family from Steplanglur village, one of the villages on the road to Rambrai.
In another incident, on the 11th at about 3 pm, robbers tried to set fire to the office of the Range Officer, Soil Water Conservation Range at Thadlaskein, West Jaintia Hills, but no damage was done.
This issue has been pending for a long time and therefore, it has been decided to hold examinations where candidates can apply and sit for the examination and it will depend on the selection of interviewers.
“We also express our surprise that this land has been given to this Club since 1926 and it has been given without a deadline which could bring back the loss of Khasi ownership of Khasi land.
He encouraged the people of the state to turn to agriculture or food production, or to shrong oh shrup or to saindur or to turn to tourism, and by starting with these He also expressed his concern about the large number of factories in the state which have polluted the environment.
Toi, the Riwar which produces soh is still able to export it to the markets in Khasi-Jaintia, Assam and outside the State (Assam).
For the past two years, foreign travelers from Jaintia Hills have been facing difficulties in buying railway tickets to travel abroad.
“Many villages like Mawlong and Umsawli have become small and soon farmers will have to flee their villages because they don't have land to farm to support their livelihood,” said the Laitumkhrah MDC.
In this era of unemployment, the government should also develop a Plan and Policy on how to develop the farmers which will become a source of employment for the youth. and what is disappointing to the people is that it is only a promise in writing and without any work to develop the farmers or even the unemployed youth.
According to witnesses, the ksew used to kill children, people walking on the footpaths and in the parks.
After depositing the money, he realized that he had been cheated and immediately lodged a complaint with the police.
Aliens or alien creatures have been confirmed to exist on earth, or perhaps to visit earth (if they are from other heavenly bodies).
BDWS.Shillong, Lber 14: NorthEast United FC today signed a social contract with the Indian Super League (Indian Super League) club. and the Government of Meghalaya to start a football academy at Mawkhanu-New Shillong.
He said the Meghalaya government has received an allocation of Rs 10.4 crore for the state command control system for two years.
KSU Rangshken Unit Secretary Rani Rani was the chief guest and Nathanial Rymmai was the symbud chief guest. Nestarjune Marbaniang, General Secretary KSU Rangshken Unit was also present on the occasion. KSU Sohiong Circle President Marchkula Thanah, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Rangshken Village and others.
“When asked about the issue of the public hearing which had to be postponed last month, Stanley said that the residents of Brichyrnot are sorry for the postponement of the public hearing. public hearing on the explanation of the residents, for the mining of coal which has been disrupted by some of the people who are against this company.
New Delhi: A religious center in Haridwar, Uttarakhand, has become the epicenter of the corona virus, with 594 new cases reported today. There were 2,812 cases.
Listen to the holy promises of the Lord God that He will fulfill if we trust in Him.
Emmichirup Jones Pyrtuh from Sohmynting Village won the Keeled Box Turtle, Shanlangki Sungoh from Shagpung Khliehrangnah won the Monitor Lizard, T. Padit from Mynsngat won the Leopard Cat, Jowaiio Paleloo from T. Indian Giant Flying Squirrel, Saphiius Suting from Salaroh, Tokay Gecko, Kopsarlin Rymbai from Salaroh, White Breasted Kingfisher, Arban Sungoh from Mooralong, Black Kite Indian from Jowai Thank you, Jowai for the Ferret Badger.
The Word of God says, “For we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:
Ma Mutyen said that on the same day, the equipment of the office was taken away.
Speaking to media, Dr Tiwari said that as the rainy season has approached, the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Revenue and Disaster Management have been directed to be prepared. The Polling Stations will be located in schools.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District today informed all the ration consumers of the district that the free rice under the PMGKAY scheme for NFSA (AAY) households. and PHH) for the month of June 2022 have been released through their distribution stores at the rate of 5 kilos per head.
“Then what is your news...” asked Riewsaid. Immediately Bah Shanbor told him everything that had happened in the village and in the house of his relative.
Mawkyrwat, November 13: The President of the People's Democratic Party (PDF) Mawkyrwat Zonal Committee, Bah Maiantis Lyngkhoi, while speaking to media after a meeting at his residence, said that although the PDF party has She has been left behind in the past few months but she will not lose hope but will continue to work hard to strengthen her work.
Groups can submit their entry fees to the Hon. General Secretary of WJDSA.
The public should be vigilant from now on and not only with fish, but also with other foods as well.
It is when we don't want to, that we change our minds.
He stirred up and urged the inhabitants to punish, torture and destroy completely this group of Jesus Christ.
The film will be screened in four shows starting at 11:30 pm, 2:00 pm, 5:00 pm and 7:00 pm.
There are also two 132 KVA projects, the NEEPCO Kopili Hydro Electric Project and the Badarpur Substation in Lower Assam. not only for the distribution of electricity by MePGCL and NEEPCO, but to supply electricity to the entire Jaintia Hills.
All this is because the government cannot and does not take action on how to connect this area with other neighboring states,” he said.
Where are you from West Khasi Hills? We are too late to work together on all issues and parties.
He said that his writing was not fictitious but was taken based on the information received from these information.
The Sohra area has also been in trouble due to the installation of water tanks, which is ongoing in these days and it is reported that these water tanks have been installed without consulting with the BSNL authorities. On the other hand, there is good news for the area and that is that BSNL has brought the internet to Sohra through FTTH, which is a new and more efficient line. In Dawki and Pynursla, they will soon implement Air Fibre, where antennas will be installed in different places and they will provide internet to these places.
We know that there are some organizations who have understood this danger of the bridge, but we don't know whether they too have lost their understanding, we don't know whether they too have been provided with money by the exporters.
Furthermore, they also visited and inspected the new construction of foreign water supply pipes and the installation of public water supply pipes to the residents of Greater Laban and Greater Lumparing which have been allocated and funded through the ( AMRUT-SCHEME) of PHE and Municipal Board in the amount of Rs.4, 65, 22,0
The reason is that the river is large and has large rocks.
There are reports that hospitals have been closed in earlier dates and that the death toll has increased, according to the United Kingdom's Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. .
As the indigenous people of North East India we have been under the Assam Government for only about 20 years and it is only because the Assam Government intends to introduce the Assamese language in all the offices and workplaces of the Government. The struggle of the Hynniewtrep people to get their own separate state is like saying, “From Nar to Dek.
He said that the price of synsar and sla tyrpad has increased while the price of commodities imported from abroad has increased.
“If others don't, shouldn't we try ourselves? there was a plan from the beginning," he said.
Babu Aristotle C Rymbai President of MSSASA said that the state government will try to release the money from its allocation of Rs 30.26 crore. The Central Government has released Rs 272 crore for the payment of salaries of SSA teachers. Regarding the demand of the SSA teachers that the Government should pay the salaries of SSA teachers every three months, the The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the relevant departments have done their part to implement what the SSA teachers have discussed at the meeting on 21st November.
I saw a khalad more than 5 feet tall and weighing at least 35 kilos in the Ranikor River in the early 1990s.
“According to Paragraph 7 of Paragraph 2 of the Sixth Scheduled, it is clear that the Council cannot pass laws with the approval of the Governor.
“The Governor is pleased to appoint Alexander Laloo Hek, MLA as Advisor to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya,” said a statement from the Chief Minister's Office.
“If we talk about patriotism, nationalism, if we don't love ourselves, we don't respect ourselves, we don't respect ourselves. He also urged the office bearers and members of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District to be united and ready to come forward to support the issues of the FKJGP. The main reason for the country and nation should not be left to the leaders alone because the members are the body of the party.
During the inspection, the snier cleaners, cleaners, expressed before Bah Process their problems faced in the work of the farmers and on the part of the former MLA promised to extend the hands of assistance to the they.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has announced a mass strike once again after the factories producing dewbilat in Jaintia Hills have not implemented the orders of the JAC. The MTU and the All Jaintia Hills Clinkers and Cement Association (AJHCCA) have been involved in the relocation of the cement godown from Byrnihat to Byrnihat. Guwahati Assam.
This shows a big difference from other states in terms of the freedom we have in our state.
A terrorist, who used a motorcycle and carried powerful bombs, went to attack and blow himself up in a truck carrying troops.
Sources said that the Congress leader has been talking to the BJP leaders for six months but has not appeared outside the BJP until today. He said that until Saturday last month, Dr. Himanta has not revealed himself but he has shown that he is the full leader of the Congress party. His resignation has shocked the Congress party.
However, it is not known how many people work in this office.
Thus, the responsibility fell on the blind man.
We know that after 1000 years, and after the final judgment at that Great White Judgment Seat, God will command to throw into the lake of fire with the devil and Satan and the wicked (who are Niut).
“He (Bah Shangpliang) has expressed his desire to join the NPP so let him join first and then we will discuss the ticket for the Shillong seat,” said Bah Sniawbhalang. newspaper.
“I am not saying that technology is bad, but these days as school children we should learn to use technology to benefit ourselves in education because most of the time the internet age leads us to entertainment activities that destroy our lives. during our studies," said Kamphereiei.
In an independent government, the laws allow MLAs to make their comments.
“We will not allow the government or anyone to attack the state, and our duty is to protect the people of the state,” he said.
Carbius Priest.
Dr. Ricky in his speech, recalled the backwardness of the state even after more than 50 years of independence, due to the lack of vision of the leaders from the past.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAHA) Shillong has announced that after calling the khast price for the election of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima according to the notice No.DC.XXVII/Genl/PF/71/ 2004-2023/60/30 Dt.11.01.2023 Three applications have been received after examining these applications without any complaint including Samran Sing Syiem, Pynshailang Syiem, Banteilang King, Ainam Manik King and Mansan Manik King.
On the other hand, the DC said that the spread of the video is unfair and punishment should be taken. The video shows that the PSO of the DC who touched the hand of the driver of the vehicle, the DC said that this was not the case as witnessed in the video.
Up to 90% of these visitors are expected to be foreign visitors, including domestic and international as well".
Igor Stimac's side will take part in the SAFF Championship, where India will face Lebanon and Kuwait for the first time.
The Congress party also explained how the BJP has tried by force to fight against minority groups as well as Christian groups.
“The MUA-II government has violated, attacked and suddenly challenged the legislative powers of the district councils in the state,” said Bah Kharjahrin. who don't have this country Hyn newtrep.
The third edition of the Khasi Bible was launched on 25th September 2022 at the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians.
According to the Bill; Its members are full members of the village, shall also be full residents of the State and shall be of the Pnar, Khasi, War, Bhoi, Biate and Hmar ethnic groups.
He expressed his gratitude to the Self Help Groups who have worked hard to erect these flags for use during these three days.
The total number of arrested leaders and members of the group has now reached 11, including a minor.
The Congress, in relation to Meghalaya, has been late in bringing forward this idea; If you don't win the MLA elections in 2018, you won't be able to win the elections.
After the incident, the residents of the village immediately informed the Shallang Police Station, where the police immediately rushed to the scene. to the scene for the purpose of conducting an investigation into the incident.
One case is from Anjalee, two cases are Influenza Like Illness and one case is Low Risk Contact, one case is from outside the state, one case is SARI case and one case is an employee of MATI corona Care Center.
Speaking on this issue, he said that through the presence of tourist attractions, they can employ the villagers and can also create jobs for the youth.
We should first of all commend our farmers who work hard to ensure that the fruits and vegetables grow well in their fields and fields.
In Group A, Mawlai will face Langsning at 3 pm tomorrow.
how is it ѕαh ѕα ѕσuth wєѕt garσ hill nα lα dєѕѕtѕtєr why ѕhe wіll ѕalѕ dєp tag you to the end of the month… αtlєαѕt ѕhu pçntype and then why ѕhāw khnàng and ngín long kyi and rєαdč lčpα.
NESFAS refrains from the use of hybrid and GMO seeds among indigenous communities and intends to work with scientists to develop the production of these indigenous seeds. .
The Chief Guest also launched a book entitled “Shi Hara Ki Sur Ki Sur Poets and Essays” written by the students of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat and edited by Dr. Davidson Diengdoh.
This boundary was established in 1950 according to the Notification No. TAD/R/31/50 dated 3.10.1950 headed by the Chief Minister of Assam.
Jowai, Jymmang 8: The Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat has expressed its regret over the failure of the State Government through the District Council Affairs Department to accept the Bill relating to Rangbah Shnongs, Dolloi. ; which the House in this Budget Session has already given its approval.
JOWAI: The Eucharistic Procession of the Parish of Ummulong, this year was held on the 16th of this month, in which thousands of devotees from neighboring parishes of the Jowai Diocese, Archdiocese of Shillong and from The Diocese of Nongstoin has taken part in the Eucharistic Procession of the Ummulong Parish.
Whenever there were special services of the Church and the Pastorate I used to go there.
However, when we look at it now, we see that democracy has begun to deteriorate and turn into a kleptocracy, where the poor have to stay poor and the rich get richer.
The man was identified as Liu and weighed 121 kilos.
“We are not against their invasion, but we are against the use of bombs, pesticides and throwing jars into the river,” said Samla Ehboklang Sten President. The KSU together with the Dorbar Shnong will punish according to the law.
God the Creator will deliver us from all suffering.
The SOPs for the opening of places of worship will be the same as those issued last year, but this year, children under 18 years of age will be banned. that they may not take part in the places of worship.
The union also informed that on 5th November 2022 together with the village leaders of Mawbri Village and the union found that this company has brought a JCB to start the work and to lay the pipes. Line at Pynthor kba in Mawbri without the knowledge of the village and the people, in which this company has angered the people and even the leaders of the union.
However, as of now, the four games without the national team (non-Indian games); The matches between Pakistan and Nepal, Bangladesh and Afghanistan, Afghanistan and Sri Lanka and Sri Lanka and Bangladesh will be played at the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore.
Maikel has filed a complaint against the State Government, the Director General of Police, Secretary Mining & Geology, Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police South Garo Hills, Director Minerals Resources Commissioner Custom (NER) and Balwant Soni, owner of Jai Maa Coal Pvt Ltd., has been arrested.
Perhaps not all of these incidents were due to driver negligence but we have no doubt that most were due to that reason.
We have shared information with other states so that there can be cooperation and we can control this problem.
Conrad said that through Facebook, the Chairman of the NLCN has inspired many Facebook users by showing the goals of the NLCN including the demand for a state of Hynniewtrep and to improve the lives of the people of the country. the Hynniewtrep people.
He said that the owners should take responsibility not to bring in people from abroad, but if found, the factory will be closed down.
The Khanduli Dorbar Shnong took this step after the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) re-erected its revenue collection signboard in Khanduli.
We are proud to know that Sohra is one of the most famous places in the world and many tourists even from abroad, but know that in the world there is no better place than Sohra, but they are known only by the name of Cherrapunjee.
Kurkalang attended the meeting of the All State President of BJYM from all the states of India on 04th July in New Delhi.
“The GST Council recently held a meeting to increase the tax rate for those earning less than Rs 20 lakh per annum.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice President of the Federation, Bah Sanborn Jungai and was attended by more than 5,000 teachers of Adhoc Schools from LP Schools to Higher Secondary Schools.
Bah Metbah said that the roster is a very serious issue and there needs to be a clear discussion between the government and the people.
The suspect was identified as Aynal Hoque of Purandiara, South Salmara, Mankachar, Assam.
There are now about 9 million Israelites and they are very numerous.
He said the State Government is ready to talk to the colleges in difficulty but it is clear that the NEP will have to move forward.
The provisions of this rule shall be followed and if possible, the rotten waste shall be converted into compost and the remainder shall be handed over to the garbage collectors.
The GHADC official also proposed to set up its own District Court in all the districts of the region.
John Leslee also criticized Conrad for his haste to leave the people of Tura as MP just because he wants to become prime minister.
Although Diwali is celebrated by other groups according to their religious beliefs, it has been witnessed that pataka bomb blasts have happened in villages and hamlets predominantly Khasi.
You can call this number
The source said that the donations include 15 quintals of rice, 25 kilos of dai, 16 liters of oil, 2.24 quintals of rice, 10 kilos of flour, 10 kilos of piat. 40 kilos, 15 kilos of sugar, tar and other items.
Martle said the word split should be investigated as there is a strong reason for it in relation to Bring's political party in the state.
She also demanded that the government should direct the school authorities to increase the number of buses on schools or outside schools so that government vehicles and private vehicles will not be overcrowded as this will cause traffic jam. .
Government authorities and village authorities tell us that the increase in theft is due to the choice of drugs, which has spread in our villages.
Here we see that Jesus was also circumcised in the flesh according to the Jewish custom.
CYC scored 136 runs for the loss of 9 wickets.
In the 28th minute, Figo Syndai of YBSC scored the first goal for YBSC in the first half.
“It is good news that we have upgraded 1266 mini anganwadi centers to full centers and also to appoint one more staff and one assistant in addition to those who already exist,” he said.
Nongpoh, July 20: After the state government through the PWD department, has allocated for the construction of a 5 km road from 13mer, Tamulkuchi to connect to Jorbil Village. Killing; HANM, WW, Sengkmie, in collaboration with HNYF, Northern Region, Village Leaders and residents of the area, today conducted a walking inspection through the of this road.
The jersey of former Argentine football star Diego Maradona was sold for $9.3 million at Sotheby's last year.
New Delhi, Lber, 30: Meghalaya has been selected to receive Rs 400 crore through the Performance Incentive Grant (PIG) ​​for the year 2021-22 under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) provide drinking water to all households in rural areas by
In the rural areas, the shortage of doctors is very high especially when it comes to CHCs, PHCs and Sub-Centres.
Since the knowledge of man has disappeared; From head to foot, evil has covered;
James was speaking after AITC National Spokesperson Saket Gokhale alleged that the NPP has violated the order of the High Court by failing to provide and send the estimate on expenses related to the MLA elections in
NOTE – 742.
There are 183 candidates contesting the election.
It is also a plan that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Himanta Biswa Sarma will meet more frequently only on political grounds and not on issues affecting the relations between Assam and Myanmar. Meghalaya, especially on the border issue, which is one of the issues, which the NPP, has strongly promised in the last elections, that it will not resolve completely, will only come to power in
He said that the lack of employment of factory managers by the state is because the salary is lower if they are employed by foreigners and if they are employed by volunteers trained by the Home Guard. the payment shall be made in accordance with the rules laid down by the Government.
This information was received by Ma N Tariang, Secretary, Jowai.
Those who have been in contact with him or me in the past five or seven days will send for a covid test,” said Chowna.
This has led to the tie breaker to decide the winner.
These leaders of the party also expressed their concern that the government often has only one opinion while the work is far away.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,813 and the death toll has risen to 1,3
The subject of the border between Assam and Meghalaya is not small and easy to discuss, but the truth is one and that is that history shows that the Khasi are the owners of the village. If the history is like this, how can there be another conflict, with the power to show that the Khasi are Khasi, or that they are foreigners in the area? This shows that it was a complete deception and a violation of the rights of the Khasi people, who live on the border.
In this regard, the VDP has conducted a thorough investigation. Members of the VDP of Risiang village have found that the incident was caused by the robbery of The Secretary of Mawlangriang Village has asked the Revenue Department to inspect the boundary of the village without informing the village of Risiang which is the village which has to fix the boundary of the village.
Jowai: A BSF soldier Dipankar Ghosh (28) has been arrested by East Jaintia Police on charges of raping a 16-year-old girl last night. Everyone.
There are also other suggestions, to replace the whole human body with specially designed devices and to replace the brain with robots.
The NDRF and SDRF troops came to the scene but turned into spectators, as they could not enter to recover the bodies or release those who were still alive. They were trained to dive only 30 feet into the water while the water in the crematorium reaches 70 feet.
Speaking to Rupang by phone, Witting Mawsor, MLA of the HSPDP from Mawshynrut, who is also the spokesperson and joint secretary of the HSPDP, said that according to the Constitution, the HSPDP has not had a The Vice President has the authority to conduct the meeting until the end of the meeting. You will be elected President.
Justice (Retd.) Vaiphei said his term has been extended for three months to end in July and he hopes to complete the investigation within this period.
On the allegation that the EC has not taken any steps to express the intention of the Central Government to introduce the CAB, the EC leader expressed his surprise that yesterday all the The CEM has agreed to send its opposition to the CAB to the President of the country, but now they allege that they have not done anything about the CAB. He said that the reason why they removed the casual employees is because there are casual employees only in the registers, while they don't come to the office. On the allegation that the EC has not been able to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, the Symbud CEM, Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem, said that the Government has not been able to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule. The States have already spoken to the Central Government and have to wait for the best.
“The fire of ILP has started to burn in our State, the government instead of extinguishing it, has been pouring petrol twice, by arresting, tied, shooting and imposing rules as they please. the law-keepers".
The Football Academy of RBP Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh was inaugurated by the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest and was also witnessed by the Principal, Bah W. Radu. , Secretary of the School Managing Committee, Rev. DR Suting, Rangbah Shnong of Pahamlapong, Bah Mathew Makdoh, teachers and students of the school.
Meanwhile, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the implementation of Package-2 has reached 37.7% and Package-4 has reached 30.10%.
It is alleged that the current Sordar Shnong does not take responsibility for the welfare of the village and many of the benefits that the village should have received have been lost and many of the village works have failed because he has never been in the village. but he stayed in Nongstoin for a long time and had to run his own business.
He said the Supreme Court has recently ruled that those foreigners who are exempt from paying taxes must prove the reasons why they should be exempted.
The decision of the new Governor of Meghalaya has surprised many.
This is no longer the era when the meeting attendees went with love and trust for the leaders but with a different meaning.
The KSU and other civil society organizations have clarified that the fighting is not against the Assam or Khasi people but against the governments of Assam and Meghalaya. it is because they do not take action to resolve the border immediately.
The roof of the Legislative Assembly has also collapsed. Other old and famous buildings, such as the former National Sports Club of Assam and Tara Ghar, have been destroyed. and Government Ministers sitting in the Secretariat who know the reason why these buildings were demolished.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Voice of People Party (VPP) candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon on Tuesday denied that the party is against the Hindi language.
The State Level Single Window Clearance Committee (SLSWCC), headed by Karnataka Chief Minister MB Patil, has approved for the implementation of five projects worth Rs 50 crore. The total cost of the project is T.2,088.44 crore.
“We will soon release the money to the various VECs.
Dr Mukul said the NPP and its allies are spreading false news to mislead the people so that the people will be reluctant to join the TMC as many of the MLAs will leave the TMC. I also know who those MLAs whom the CM wants to appoint as Dr Mukul Sangma.
Preparations for the testing of the EVMs will be on the 17th and 18th at the JN Indoor Stadium and the polling day will be on the 24th.
The dark people who want to have those 'programmes' of protest.
John said the article was found on the NCST website on page
This is indeed a memorable MP election and I came out at this time because I too see the desire of the people to bring about change for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people of Meghalaya.
Through this, they have been able to purchase the necessary equipment to produce agricultural products that can be marketed not only in the country but around the world.
According to police, two of the accused used to sit in a two wheeler, knieh ia phones and after that they used to give to another member who was waiting at the scene. they have not been cut off.
The District Magistrate has declared containment of this house on the recommendation of the District Health Department after the confirmation of COVID-19 from this house which needs to be completed contact tracing and quarantine to avoid the spread of the disease.
He said that last month they had already called a meeting with the banks and they too have accepted the proposal brought by the Council.
On the claims that Muslim men have many wives, Shabong said that in India, a survey has been conducted to find out which religion men have many wives, but the report has not come out. “It is not Muslims but other religions that have a low number of Muslims,” he said.
“As in Maikhuli, we have lost only 30,000 sq feet of fish pond. The allegation that we have sold it to Assam is terrible. "It's a good idea," said Mr. Prestone.
“As teachers, we too have the right to vote, the right to contest elections and to hold office in political parties. elections and they have won and have contributed greatly to the development of the state,” said Bah Marbaniang.
They have told many things.
Mairang Presbytery Women's Church beat Rambrai Presbytery Women's Church 6-2 in the final match on Saturday at Student Stadium, Jaïaw.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Mylliem Stadium will be transformed into one of the football grounds in the state which will host many major tournaments like the Meghalaya State League with the hard work of the MLA. Bah Hamletson Dohling who has allocated Rs 3 crore for the construction of the Gallery and the improvement of the ground.
Speaking on the Supreme Court's recognition of land ownership, Sangma said that in relation to mining, the rules and regulations of the Government of India and These are the Mines Act 1952, the MMDR Act 1957 and the Mine Concession Rules 1960 and then the approval on environmental protection and this applies to all the villagers and foreigners as well.
Shillong, November 2: St. Edmund's College, Shillong, celebrated the Rashtriya Ekta Diwas with the participation of many teachers and students of the college.
Saralin Rynghang of AMKA has recently been selected to participate in the trials for the opportunity to represent India at the Asian Games.
“Ka Seng also welcomes the directive of the High Court to the Government authorities to ensure that there are no people who take advantage of the opportunity to extort money from the land dealers.
It is learned that this action of these troops has angered the people of the area as these troops know how to harass only the citizens of the country, while the Bangladeshis are allowed to enter and leave Bangladesh freely. India through these areas, 'if we cannot live or walk freely in our own area, where else will we be free,' said the people of the region.
From the license check, it was found that the roads in Shillong are more crowded with two wheelers and this shows that there are many drivers without license or without proper documents.
They planned to destroy a kiad field of Dusing Nongrem and Diensimai Thongni.
Speaking on the condition of all the roads in the border areas, the Muktiar said that the government is well aware of the condition of the roads in the border areas. The Joint Action Committee (JAC of the four Dorbar Shnongs, Lejri, Lahaleiñ, Huroi and Hingaria), MDoNER, Government of India has already accepted the proposal to build a road in The PWD (Road) department has already called a tender for the budget of T122, 07, 00000/- tyngka. while the tender process has closed since 27th October
Renikton said he had met with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and I had conveyed to him the expectation to discuss in the dorbar, but he suggested to improve this to be implemented and especially within the districts because they don't have a lot of money.
The Dorbar Shnong Tuberkmai Shnong, like many other villages in Jaintia Hills, has decided to hold an election as there are many people who want to contest the upcoming MDC election.
The Minister said that the government's payment of T.11.08 crore is based on the bill submitted by the NTPC to the state government and this figure if it runs in 25 years will reach T.3000 crore and it is a fact that the government has paid T.11 crore to the NTPC and this will last for 25 years.
There should be a balance.
Jowai, Naitung 06: The Behdeiñkhlam Festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai this year known as 'Saw Sngi Lai Mit' will start from the 11th to the 14th of November
In 2022/23, there are hundreds of taxi permits on the road, and the price of the permit has increased.
We have seen that in the past, those drug traffickers who were arrested, have been released on bail and have gone back to do the same things,” said Bah Ardent. They should be imprisoned for a long time under prohibited laws such as the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act.
These children were one by one father, the second by one father, the third by one father, and the fourth by one father.
After receiving complaints from passengers and residents that there are young boys and girls and there are also students in uniform who used to sit on the road near the campus of the university. University of Science and Technology Meghalaya, Jorpul Ribhoi District, has been drinking alcohol without counting even in the morning which has caused problems to the people who use this road because there is no peace. more.
In addition, the Best Scientific Publication Award was presented to Prof. T. Natung, HoD, Ophthalmology, Dr. Pranjal Phukan, Addl. Prof., Radiodiagnosis in the Faculty Category.
So far, 9 crore people have received LPG connections. “Seva, Sushasan and Garib Kalyan are the projects that the Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is looking into. five years have passed and India has witnessed a tremendous change in terms of a system of governance that first considers the welfare of the people.
While the BJP MPs were opposing the CAA in 2019, NPP MP Agatha Sangma, who supported the bill to allow low paid people from other countries to vote, was seen. I live in India.
After this, it is prohibited to publish or announce any election campaign material in all parts of the 1-War East District Council Constituency.
The party candidate from Sohiong said that wealth cannot bring about change.
Other demands include the construction of a fence around the college and the construction of a hostel for the students.
However, there is no evidence that the money has been paid by showing evidence from the receipts.
Regarding the recent floods at Rngain in Pynursla Civil Sub Division, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I have already directed the NHIDCL staff to be vigilant 24 x 7 and to be prepared. They have installed machinery and equipment so that if there is another incident, they can repair the incident immediately so that traffic will not be delayed”.
The MLA of the constituency, Bah Nujorki Sungoh, has praised Eleazer C Dkhar and urged the people not to be surprised by this decision of Eleazer Dkhar and accuse him of being a member of the party. this area.
Come, ye blessed of my Father” Matthew 25:31-3
In the second half, Donlad Diengdoh scored a hat trick in the 57th minute which gave the team hope of victory.
“The village has announced that the rental of houses should be stopped because if they register, those who came from Manipur can be included in the village list and thus they will become residents here.
“The village has announced that the rental of houses should be stopped because if they register, those who came from Manipur can be included in the village list and thus they will become residents here.
This president's rule will cause more trouble after the CAA is passed. This same reason could also affect any difference of opinion with the central government such as the implementation of ILP in our state, the Land transfer act, privatization of industry, ter ter.
The Synod service will be held at the Shortimai Syiem Sad Stadium in Smit.
Everyone has the right to vote or support any party or any candidate. If you want that cleanliness, don't complain or criticize and speak as you please just because they don't want to support you. .
In the afternoon, a Holy Mass was conducted by Fr.Johny Epen and the Word of God was distributed by Fr.Michael. Sun, who was very concerned about the theme, “"A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit" which they took from the Gospel of Luke 6:4 .
Shillong, July 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday sought evidence from the Joint Action Committee Raid Saw Symper on the charges against the Syiem of Maharam Hima, Pa'iem Niandro Syiemiong. .
It is to be recalled that many tragic incidents have happened on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi and many lives have been lost. Traffic Rules & Motor Vehicles Act.
In this regard, efforts have been made to achieve the targets within the schemes of the department through the support of the state governments and the UT authorities responsible for the monitoring of the schemes in the implementation areas.
!! Think carefully now whom you will vote for.
In the tied innings, St. Anthony's College set a target of 168 runs in 20 overs for the loss of three wickets.
There are 16 teams participating in the tournament which will end on the 16th of this month.
