In the second half, Nongumlong FC scored the first goal of the match.
He remembers the Israelites during their 1878 years of captivity.
Kick Start FA took the lead in the first half through Remdor Kharkrang in the 16th minute, but Madanryting scored the first goal of the match. Wandrick Mawrie scored the first goal in the 40th minute.
The Khanduli Village Authority has expressed its strong opposition to the burial of a man by the District Administration and the West Jaintia Hills District Police Department within the village boundary without the knowledge of the Village Authority on 24th November .
She said that according to the survey conducted in 61,748 schools in four states of the country including Meghalaya, tobacco retailers and schools and the number of children addicted to these substances.
The meeting was conducted by Army Lypon President of the Union in the presence of Waheh Shnongs from East and West Jaintia Hills District.
When these seedlings are about three, four or five months old in the nurseries, they should be transplanted.
When you do anything, you should stand firm without turning to the right or to the left.
He said that it is a project that will help the women living in the rural areas.
The KSU Delhi Unit sends its condolences to the family of Jessica Kharbithai and also sends its gratitude to those who have donated to this tragic time from the KSU Sengkmie, Dr. Vanora Nongrum Medical Commissioner of ESI North India, KJCF, Meghalaya House, Lok Sabha MPs from the state and others.
Referring to the statement by the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) that the Government has not taken any action on this issue, the Minister said it is not appropriate to allege that the Government has not taken any action.
The weapons, which were displayed, are believed to have been seized by ISIS from the Free Syrian Army, which is fighting against the government of al-Assad in Syria.
This makes Amazon the first e-commerce company in India to engage the services of DFC for the delivery of goods to customers via rail in India.
According to the FIR lodged by the Rangbah Shnong at Umsohlait Police Station, the house of Kong Kristina Mynsong in Dong Kim Heh caught fire at about 3 pm yesterday. and they were afraid of the lightning.
Even if he wins, he will not be able to do anything because the Congress is nothing in the state. There is only one MP and no MLA in the state.
The Crowborough Hotel, the Municipal Building, the roads and other works that cannot be counted alone.
The tournament was also inaugurated by Bah Mayrald Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Hehdor Makdoh CRC, Principal, Pynroilang. Shylla Rangbah Shnong and other elders from Umden area along with teachers and school children.
Tarson Lymba, President HNYF Southern Riwar Circle, said that there are three tourist spots in the Elaka which are famous in the State as well as in India including the HNYF Southern Riwar Circle. Shnongpdeng, Darrang and Dawki and through these three tourist spots, not less than 2,000 youths have been employed.
The Minister said that they have a close role in bringing together factories and businesses to provide employment to the youth, which is also a way to provide employment to the youth of the state.
The distribution of disinfectants was conducted at all the shops inside the Iawmusiang market.
Shillong, Lber 19 : Our ancestors knew how to respect the nature because the worship of God was in the hills, rivers and in the middle of the forests.
Earlier, the highest increase was on 10th November 2020, with 2.28 lakh cases per day.
Metbah said this is not the first time that the Cabinet has met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss these issues of the state.
Nongstoiñ: The newly appointed Vice Chairman of the District Selection Committee (DSC) WKHD, together with two members of the DSC, have refused to take part in the interview for the post of Lady Supervisor. to be held on the 10th of this month.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of the HNYF, Northern Region, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, the Seng Longkmie of Khanapara, the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara who led the Dorbar Shnong and others. property owners who own property in the area.
This year, due to the higher rainfall compared to previous years, the people are a little more comfortable.
“We are ready to take any step to demand the cancellation of the MBoSE announcement,” said Bah Nongrum.
Pastor Rapsang also explained about the letter that the Apostle Paul wrote to the Colossians while he was in prison and in that letter Paul wrote about Jesus to explain to the Colossians that Jesus is God, because the Colossians were taught and misled by religious conflicts and believed that Jesus was only powerful but not so great. Paul taught the essence of Christianity to show that Jesus is great and above all and corrected the misleading of the Colossians. .
Politics exists and gets involved in racial issues.
DY Chandrachud was born in
He said that the implementation of the scheme is one part but the most important part is the implementation to be successful for the purpose.
At the same time, he said that he will campaign for the election.
In reply, Young Star scored 118 runs in 16 overs for the loss of four wickets to win by six wickets.
We will appoint committees to read all these so that all the books can be read and examined, they will be sent for examination to the experts and after that we will take a decision as it is. .
He said the Government has identified many sites in the city, including the site adjacent to the Secretariat which will be used as a parking lot.
The DC also informed that only the police or personnel from the Anti-Infiltration Department can search as they are authorized by law.
Another thing we need to understand is that when there are these festivals, it is our people from all over the state who bring their products.
It is indeed sad, very sad, that the present generation from all over the world is still reading these false stories, false stories about the history of the Syiems of Jaintia Hima.
When the desire is too strong without thinking about the importance of the need, we end up becoming those debtors until it is difficult to cleanse it.
Shillong, Nailar 06 : The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the law will take the necessary action against the Meghalaya Lokayukta. corrupt activities.
In this regard, the government has allocated T.3.5 crore and 102 Assistant Lecturers and 11 Laboratory Assistants will be contracted to fill the shortage at +2 level.
Many were shocked when a heavenly body fell in Sanchore, Rajasthan.
Referring to the Rangbah Shnongs, he said the people are confused because the KHADC under the leadership of Bah PN Syiem as CEM has passed two laws, one the Village Administration Bill (VAB) and after that it has brought back the Village Administration Bill (VAB). Appointment and Succession of Chief and Headman Rules 2015.
If the child is not given the right food, he will lose his physical and mental strength.
He said that the police department is making efforts to curb crime in the state especially the drug trafficking not only in Shillong but also in the outlying areas of the state.
There will also be a donation of money to the two groups along with sports equipment and school supplies for the children at Rev.S.Wollington Children's Home. T.50,000/-; Christmas Make Over 2021 Ri Khasi Channel T.50,000/-.
U Dr Radhakrishnan He is the jinn.
Although the struggle was fierce, the efforts of Kyortyrkhang could not succeed.
On June 9, the Gauhati High Court had allowed the NIA to file a case against Akhil Gogoi and three others involved in the anti-CAA protests in Assam.
Government employees also informed the Minister that due to the difference in the fare of the railway, the villagers and traders used to travel by rail to transport their goods. which even the price of imported goods could be sold much cheaper in the district.
It is also learned that there has been a discussion and the people are surprised to see that until now no Sengbhalang has criticized a word or two or expressed their feelings on this issue which is considered to be the issue. issue that puts the nation in the greatest danger.
The Standstill Agreement has expired since these times, as it has been included in the Constitution.
It is to be recalled that he is also one of the tit farmers, straw berry farmers and the first winemaker in West Khasi Hills who has received an award from the Prime Minister for perseverance, hard work and perseverance in the field.
However, the Government of India, in its reply to the Court, said that the Government of Meghalaya has not spoken clearly on the issue and has changed its mind on the issue. Ranjit Kumar, lawyer for Ma Lber Laloo, said that this is the feeling of the Indian government and should not be blamed on the Meghalaya government.
“Now we need the nation and we don't need the development.
Allantry said according to the Economic Times on July 2, 2015, the Congress in Assam has decided to accept Hindus and other non-Muslims to come to Assam.
If we turn to the authorities, even the border as it should be has not been achieved as the people themselves want.
Some of the violent acts of this Dolloi which are against the village administration or public administration and all these decisions he has taken in Mupyut and Thangbuli villages for Jarain village are as follows:1 ) In a letter written by the Dolloi to the Special Officer, JHADC Jowai in accordance with the DEA Act 2018-19/52 dated 15-10-2
Shillong: The Diocese of Shillong, today 10th March 2020, marked the 1st Anniversary of Most Rev. Archbishop Dominic Jala who passed away in California, USA in a car accident. after his return from the Vatican in Rome.
As leaders and fellow citizens we should be selfless and responsible for our fellow citizens and the sad thing is that other foreigners have adequate houses and many of them paradoh para snam pat even if they don't have a house or a house, that's why we don't have a house.
In another development, at a meeting held today in Khliehriat, the coal owners agreed to work with the government and demand that the National Green Tribunal, change the its decision, which it has already decided, on 17th June
Tangmang, 20 June: Last Sunday, U Bah Mit Mawkon, appeared in the flesh, that he is a living human being, but today, he is alive in the flesh and who lives also in the law of God, and the reason is, because he was taken up, from death, which is that his bones were taken away, which were placed in the tombstone of the dead, in the Mawkon village, which is located in Tangmang village.
Amity scored 84 runs in the first innings.
He discussed the political turmoil in Manipur and to resolve the conflict.
“Pleng, thank you very much, thank you in Lanosha's heart...” The Kongthei said one by one.
However, at the same time, u Bah Sounder expressed his regret over the emergence of political parties like the khar die almuri.
For about 4 months I didn't go to school anymore and I just thought and lost hope every day.
The government also said it has deployed security forces throughout the city and the people should leave without any fear.
At the same time, he also donated money to the sportsmen who will compete abroad in Gujarat.
It is a time to forgive one another.
In a statement received from the District Disaster Management Office (DDMO), South West Khasi Hills District, 68 households have been affected by the cold weather. 39 households were severely affected by the cold weather and 39 households were slightly affected. These households are in Warsan Lyngdoh area of ​​Mawkyrwat Block South West Khasi Hills District.
Meghalaya will now have to wait for the final between Manipur and Mizoram.
These will help curb the spread of COVID-1
The Finance Secretary of the HANM, Bah Join Kharbani, said that the union fully supports the protest of HANM, which demanded the immediate release of the members of the union who have been arrested. They arrested the authorities who wanted to go to Borsora-Nongjri without proper documents.
In China, there have been 22 new cases of the coronavirus, an increase from six yesterday.
The Prime Minister's Office has informed everyone to be vigilant against the disease.
The death toll has risen to five.
“It is only the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma that is willing to take the difficult step of improving all the 46 Block Offices in the state,” he said.
Conrad said the people are waiting for the polling day because they want a strong government and he is confident that the people will give their full support to the NPP so that it can work for the betterment of the people. miat that crowd.
On the next day, there was a 'Wator Symbe' ceremony which was a sacrifice for the good harvest of the rice which the children of the Raij had already planted in the fields.
He said, “You talk about trading license, I have done my duty and you have seen.
Shillong, Naiweing 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) have called for a protest and candlelight vigil. The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) and the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Friday expressed their deep sorrow over the shooting death of four Khasi by the Assam police on the 22nd of this month. Naiwieng ha Mukroh held at Mawmot u Woh Kiang Nangbah ended with a petrol bomb explosion, stone throwing and attempt to set fire to a police vehicle and destruction of a police station at Woh Kiang Nangbah. in front of Civil Hospital Shillong.
Areas with lots of trees, vegetation or public water can be dangerous.
“Of course we understand that through this Shillong Street Art Festival our youth have the opportunity to work with foreigners and showcase their talents through this festival,” said a statement from the Shillong Street Art Festival. establish.
The Jammu and Kashmir Reservation Amendment will bring peace to the people of Jammu and Kashmir living in the border areas.
Fenella said that in order for the public to understand, she has phoned the journalist to inform that she will retire in
He is now 81 years old.
“These robbers will have to be prosecuted according to the law,” said SP Mishra. Bangladesh.
“He said that Nongkrem has no change, the roads are the same, the water is not available, Nongkrem needs many changes, whether it is in agriculture or others.
Until now, the day care workers in schools in the state are still using wood to cook instead of cooking with LPG. except for the spreading of the trees.
In Delhi Municipality, Kejriwal's AAP party has defeated the BJP which has been in power for 15 years.
Samir committed suicide in the kitchen on Tuesday night at his house on Ahinsa Marg in Malad West.
The body was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District, today recovered the body of a man, who was found dumped at 25 Mer Khongdong Umling Forest, which is located below the Umling Forest. the village of Shanghai.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President of the JSM Central Body, Jimmy Kharmuti, said, “The JSM has sent a statement to the state government and the Minister in charge that we do not want We want to get a good road, because the condition of this NH-6 road is very bad, it is filled with heavy potholes which is dangerous and dangerous. eh to the crowd of visitors.
The tournament, which was opened on Saturday, was witnessed by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF as the chief guest, Bah Dipul Ryntathiang, Bah Neversad Makdoh, Bah RJ Thangkhiew. , Ferdinand Thangkhiew and many other elders of the area.
Hazard, who is a Chelsea player, is understood to be keen to work with Real coach Zinedine Zidane.
In addition, you can follow KFC India's Instagram page to learn more about the Bucket Canvas campaign and talk about it.
They also said that because the Bhoi customs and traditions are not included in the Khasi Social Custom Lineage Act, 1997, they have many children who are not Ring Bia or Shaw Bhoi. They have not received the recognition as Khasi and they have not even received the Schedule Tribe and that is only because this custom has not been included in the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act.
The city's Kurdish association said the girl, identified as Armita Garawand, was seriously injured after she was tortured by female police officers in Tehran during a caught in the past.
However, sadly, after 10 or 12 days, many pigs have died and now the voice of the NPP leaders is to buy the voters of Rambrai area at the same price. of the pig's head.
It took some time to clean up the tree, but with the hard work of the Police and HNAI staff, it was possible to clean up the tree, which had fallen on the road.
Nongsiej said that the area is very poor in terms of roads, although it is a very rich area in agriculture, but due to the lack of adequate roads. , many of them were destroyed, because of the distance of the road.
Shillong: On the day of the NESO curfew, the KSU Sohra has found that many government employees have taken advantage of the curfew and many have come to Sohra to have fun and eat stories.
On the other hand, Bah Morning Star, Chairman of the Heritage Committee, Khun Kur Longtrai, said that the purpose of the tree planting is also to provide employment opportunities to the people of these villages. Improve the areas near the trees, so that visitors can easily visit these trees.
One of the complaints of the people is that water is still scarce – some areas are rich and some areas are poor.
The glory of the house of U Lat is no longer there.
Police said among the seven arrested was a Nigerian who was illegally in the country.
He will also be encouraged this season by the opportunity to play alongside Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi who has just joined the club this year.
Shillong: Through the authority conferred in accordance with sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Meghalaya Essential Services Maintenance Act, 1980, Amendment Act 2003 and for the benefit of The Additional Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Political Department, today said that the Government of Meghalaya has banned the strikes of the field staff of the GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute. (EMRI).
The Japanese Navy on Friday struggled to find seven US soldiers who went missing after a US military plane crashed in the area. .
Chitturi.
Shillong: U MLA of 19 South Shillong, on Tuesday said, “I am a proud leader, because other MLAs win from Khasi villages, but I am an MLA who wins from a constituency where 80% are Khasi. non tribal and 20% tribal".
Police said Nav Nishan Singh killed Davinder Kaur, 43, on Thursday inside Sparrow Park in Brampton, Canada.
It is shocking news to learn that four households in Lower Mawpud village under Ranikor constituency, South West Khasi Hills District have not been able to draw water from the toilet of the Presbyterian Church Lower Mawpud. The Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) is a water supply scheme of the Government of India.
They admired the richness of the culture and the beautiful dresses of the young dancers.
“According to the system of government, all the Himas have their own boundaries because the Himas existed before we got the state and before there were District Councils, the Himas in Khasi Jaintia had their own boundaries. “They have a proper border especially the areas on the border with Assam,” he said.
:One of the news I have received an interview with one of the talented singers in Meghalaya, Kyntiewlin Mawphniang.
Mr. Alexander N.Lyndem, explained the Basic Elements of Truth (BET) on Time, Health, Peace, Friendship, and the need to return to the Basic Elements of Truth. .
He who drinks alcohol is drunk, his body is dry, his eyes are dry, and his breath is dry.
Speaking to reporters, the SNSBH leaders said that the union has not yet received any reply from the state government on its demands especially in relation to the deadline for submitting its reply in June. This month, the government has lifted the requirement for government employees to inform the government when they hold positions in the village or in any group except the religious group.
The Quiz Competition will be open to school and college students, while the Painting Competition will be open to all residents of West Jaintia Hills District.
They should immediately prevent the riewdum from reaching such places.
“There has never been any conflict in Meghalaya, there has only been the invasion of others,” she said.
The Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya, Wankitbok Pohshna, has urged the state government to take immediate action to repair the roads in Shillong to relieve the people from the problems of coming and going. The Christmas celebration will be peaceful and free from the crowds.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, who visited Sutnga CHC on Tuesday, promised to appoint more staff at Sutnga CHC to improve the services of the hospital and directed the DHS Dr. Aman War to issue an order to “The doctors at this hospital should provide the best service to encourage and bring confidence to the people especially the mothers who have given birth to to be treated in this hospital and to be able to go for treatment in the city or other hospitals.
Any employee who fails to show up for work may be fired.
Assam police have arrested a tourist from Meghalaya.
The National Conference was organized by Lal Bahadur Shastri and the Department of Land Resources with the support of the Revenue Department of the Government of Assam.
The meeting was attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Parliamentary Affairs Prestone Tynsong and Member of Parliament and President of AITC Charles Pyngrope.
Tickets for the public can be obtained on the same day at the venue as follows: 1) Donors Card Rs.500 and 2) Executive Class On the same day, JBB&FA will also draw a Lucky Draw for 1st Prize 50,000/-, 2nd Prize 20,000/- and 3rd Prize 10,000/-.
“Laskein Block deserves to be upgraded to a Sub-Division, but unfortunately this block has been neglected by the government and does not have a single government secondary school, nor does it have adequate health facilities. and market places for agricultural products including sying, shynrai, synsar and others which this area is strong enough to produce and does not have cold storage and godowns even though it is the oldest block,” he said. “If he comes to power, he will demand to upgrade the Laskein Block to sub division status and if it is necessary to upgrade the hospital, he will also upgrade it to meet the needs of the people,” he said. Provide necessities from medicines and doctors which makes it difficult for the people from all over the villages to get adequate health care.
In fact, Bah Pynshngain should have been ashamed that people have been forced to portray the image of Moses who is a great man in the Bible.
Nongpoh, June 25: The District Disaster Management Authority (DMA) of Ri Bhoi District today distributed equipment to provide protection in the event of a natural disaster or other incident. They completed a 12 day training under the Up-scaling Aapda Mitra Scheme funded by the Government of India.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, today swore in two Ministers of State Government at Raj Bhavan, Dasakhiat Lamare MLA Mawhati Constituency and Renikton L Tongkhar. MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency.
The death toll in India has risen to 4529 today.
In one of the interviews, Liam revealed that Barbara Broccoli had offered him the role of James Bond many times and he had refused even if he was offered a high price.
Never reduce your care for your family for any reason.30.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of the State Youth Congress, Bah Fernandez S Dkhar, said that the purpose of the 400 members of the Youth Congress was to submit a letter of resignation. party Congress.
On the same day, the Minister also handed over the keys of these vehicles to these Co-operative Societies.
One vote can decide the availability of a leader who can truly provide the best service for the people.
He also questioned how the government will organize the festivals, and in fact, it should hand over to non-governmental groups to collect government revenue.
Tura, Jymmang, 17: The State Government has tried to solve the problem of the residents due to the lack of adequate land, but this time the Government has tried to solve this problem by introducing A garbage burning machine from South Korea.
The mission, dubbed Luna 2, will start operating in November 2021 and will place the remains of the dead at Lacus Mortis, one of the sites in the world. moon.
There was also a demand by another trader, who has received approval from the Ministry of Mines, to transport the coal, which he bought from the coal owners, but this too the Supreme Court. , she rejected today.
It will also be Messi's ninth visit to China and at the same time it could be the future of his career that he could join one of the The club plays in the Chinese Super League.
The expulsion of them is not an urgent matter, it has been discussed for a long time, although they have been advised not to speak to the media, to speak as they please but to respect the party. .
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong Bah Don Shabong. Speeches were delivered by the Rangbah Dong who congratulated the MLA for his efforts to improve the roads which have been in need for decades. JE, and the participation of the residents.
Furthermore, these youths said that the management has sent them to run around the race and if these youths apply for jobs, no one knows, because they have not given the rules. who are difficult to control in the right way to avoid being blamed.
In the petition, the KSU said that it has received many complaints that the refugees have not received this assistance for years.
you have to pay TA to the minister.
“It is still under consideration by the state government to take the necessary action on this,” said Dey, who is in charge of the NEEPCO project. One person from each household will be employed or those who do not want to work can take Rs 5 lakh once.
A total of 50 volunteers of the NSS Unit including men and women and 2 teachers of the college attended the special camp.
We also find that Khasi men are registered in villages, raids, himas, and in Government offices.
“We have about 20,000 women members in 30 mandals in the state and there are still 30 mandals to be formed in the state,” she said.
In West Garo Hills, police today arrested a woman for allegedly giving shelter to the GNLA from Chisakgre village in Baromile on the road to Dalu, about 20 km from Tura.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Tura Campus, Prof ED Thomas, spoke about the initiatives taken by the campus in the past few years.
Samla Donaldson said that the union has made it clear in front of the manager that the union has given the company six months to provide the network and the union will shut down the company. all the towers are located in the Pynursla area.
The U-17 team continues to prepare for the AFC U-17 Asian Cup (to be held next month in Thailand).
MPs from Meghalaya and Assamruh have opposed the central government's move to abolish all the new schemes.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said the Government has already considered the need to discuss with other stakeholders in the State to ensure understanding and clarity.
He also alleged that only 10 guest houses, one swimming pool and one small house have been built at a cost of T.9.37 crore.
The department has also issued guidelines to walk and stand in the hot spots, green and orange zones.
They have destroyed what the UPA government has worked hard for and now they have sold what we have worked hard for.
We are your friends and we will help you with whatever you need,” said Mamata.
In this regard, the Head of District in a meeting with the leaders of the union said that he will soon send a letter to the JMB department to collect the garbage in their respective market areas such as Iaw tympang, iaw chor, to seiñ raij and to send medicine to the garbage every day.
According to the RTI, it was found that the construction of the roads in Jowai does not include the water drains and the construction of the road is only by cleaning the roads at a depth of 3 inches. Rocky Dhar is the contractor.
The KSU has sent its condolences to his family and prays that God will be with him in consoling his family at this time of darkness. your household.
One of these initiatives that the government has launched to encourage the youth is the PRIME program which has brought many benefits to the residents of the state especially to the youth who want to start their own business.
The new cases are Chandan Deka, 25, of Baihata Chariali; Pranab Kalita, 26, of Baranghati, Kamrup; Ajay Kalita, 28, of Rangia; U Nabajit Kalita, 25 of Kamrup; U Dharani Kalita, 26, of Baranghati, Kamrup; by Gauri Nayak 19, and Biswanath Chariali; Rakhi Basfore of Biswanath Chariali and Utpal Kalita, 32, of Baranghati, Kamrup, who came from Haryana.
Earlier, the MNF led the government between 1998 and 2008 for two consecutive terms, with Zoramthanga as prime minister.
The driver of the vehicle and two occupants were not injured in the incident. The vehicle will be brought to Shillong tomorrow.
Chyne said that before 2013, when the Land Acquisition Act was not in force, the government could take land without the permission of the District Council. “The application for the NOC for the construction of the railway line in Ri-Bhoi has been since 2016 when they first applied, but until now we have not issued the NOC. “In 2017, they have applied for 39 reminder letters in this regard but the District Council has not issued any permission,” he added.
In the complaint, Lawsohtun said that the area is a hotbed of illegal activities such as drugs and urged the DC to take measures to curb illegal activities in the area.
It is hoped that this Jubilee will give a new impetus to the NEC to work better in the future, and to bring about more development projects as it has done in the last 50 years. They have been spread across the five states of the North East.
Nongpoh: Due to the poor condition of the road which has caused problems to the people, on Saturday, school children together with women, members of the HNYF, Women Wings and village leaders of Umraling in Ri Bhoi, to repair the road and on that day, they expressed their demand from the government to improve the road.
But the laws of the world and the law of God are not the same.
He said that the village has lodged a complaint with the Chief Engineer of PWD regarding the incident. Wanbah just because I went to complain to the authorities about the PWD department, I don't feel anything about this because I am doing for the benefit of the people as the village has authorized.
For this reason, Mr. Edwingson Bareh filed a case in the Guahati High Court to challenge the validity of Notification No. TAD/R/50/64 dated 23rd November Civil Rule 303 of 1964) and appeal was filed by Edwingson Bareh in Supreme Court against the judgment of the High Court ( Ref Civil: Appeal No.968 of 1965) the judgment of the supreme court maybe seen in the AIR 1966 Supreme Court 1220 ( V 53 C 237 ) Mr. Edwingson Bareh in his petition and appeal, which is also a solid foundation that testifies that we are one nation whether before the court or before the We are the children of Hynniewtrep Talawiar, the Sohpetbneng of the middle of the world.
Theologian J Richard Middleton says, "the Babel legend should be read as a response to the ideas of the ancient Babylonian and Assyrian Empires" and "the City with the cross heaven shat phalang a Kingdom with strong armies to conquer and kill other Kingdoms and people.
Tynring SC will play against Nongumlong SC at 1:10 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, followed by Umlyngka SC vs Gorkha Association at 3 pm. The third match will be between Lumdiengjri SC and Lawmali Pyllun SC at 3 pm at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf.
Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, who was shaking hands with the players at the start of the football tournament in Umiam.
Delegates and media from different countries participating in the Summit had the opportunity to visit the Crafts Bazaar and buy their products.
Sub Inspector Khliehriat Women's Police Station explained about the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act.
The Minister also said that health is the top priority for the government to set a target for the provision of adequate health facilities.
Nongstoiñ, June 17: Mawkhumkha village under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division is one of the oldest villages in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
He said the Congress era has ended even if its candidate, Emlang Laloo wins, he will not be able to form a government and at the same time Emlang is a man whom the people cannot vote for. talk and express their concerns.
However, since the completion of this road, the traffic has improved and there has been no traffic jam.
Through this generator, they have been able to see since the beginning of the World Cup until today that they have received electricity again.
AS Ryntathiang (55) scored the first goal for Mawpat.
Thabah was also the first journalist in the state to receive one of the highest awards in India known as the Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards.
He said that the AITC does not focus only on the MLAs but has already made it clear that it is a party that will allow other leaders especially the youth who want to serve the people with the determination to surrender through you are the world.
The Non-Feature Film Jury consists of the following members who are representatives of well-known films and filmmakers who are also representatives of the Indian film industry: 20 Non-Feature Films Selected film to be screened in the Indian Panorama section at IFFI, the 53rd out of 242 non-feature films in India.
Rangdajied SC beat Nongthymmai SC 1-0 in a thrilling match.
The decision to open these venues was taken after the announcement by the State Government to open all venues in the state from 16th March in compliance with the rules and regulations. the place.
Ma Teron said that the cleanliness will be only for one day as tomorrow they will transport all the garbage from the market to the new garbage dump at Mooshutsdai Mookabeng near the village. Pear.
Speeches were also delivered by various leaders including Senondro Marak, Bah Sanbor of the Secondary School and others who expressed their unity and commitment to work together for the preparation and implementation of the Deficit under the year
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : The State Government has allocated up to $50 million to build 273 new Anganwadi Centers in the State and also to upgrade and improve more than 2200 Anganwadi Centers in the State.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong: The Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rainfall today and tomorrow on the 11th and 12th of March in some parts of the state.
Other speakers included UDP Youth Wing Advisor and former Mawlai MLA Embhah Syiemlieh, JHADC Deputy Chief Executive Member Lasky Rymbai, UDP Vice President Allantry Dkhar; UDP Jowai Circle President Moonlight Pariat and Wining Garland Sungoh attended the meeting.
Shillong, November 21:The Tymmen U San Committee of the Seng Khasi (Kmie) under the leadership of its Chairman Rgh.Skor Jala will hold a prayer of thanksgiving for all the departments. in the Khasi Party.
However, the news of the arrest of these church leaders in Bihar has spread quickly on social media in the state and many people have sought information about the arrest of these church leaders.
The film started shooting in 2019 but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it has been delayed.
However, NPP candidate Nihim D Shira has been visiting him from time to time to ensure that various development projects and welfare activities will take place in the Songsak area.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawthadraishan Circle, after receiving information about the inadequacy of the hospital, visited the hospital and found that the hospital still needs many parts to be repaired. in relation to the care of the terminally ill.
This will be a joy for him as he will be able to fight against this world famous player.
The village also has many names such as Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat, Mawryngkew, Mawlasnai etc.
On the 12th of July 2019, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will take part in the Man vs Wild programme. Bear Grylls, who used to live in the wild.
Conrad said that with this decision, the state will increase its revenue by T.5-6 crore per annum from diesel.
The fighter is also fighting for her third victory trophy of the tournament by defeating Tsurenko.
It is necessary to avoid living together with non-Khasi, because it seriously affects the customs and traditions of the Khasi people, and also destroys the Khasi people.
“I am a strong member and worker of the party,” she said.
“We understand that in our State in particular, the loss of many mothers after having a baby is that there isn’t that extension.
Then came the COVID-19 pandemic before the end of 2019 and continued from 2020 to
This was after they beat Raman Vijayan Soccer School 4-0 in Goa.
He urged the people to take responsibility for themselves to preserve the environment for the future generations.
She said that the collection of money by the Hima Mylliem from the market is no longer less than every month, and it shows that the Hima Mylliem does not take care for the cleanliness of the market and for the safety of the market visitors.
Deepika also posted the same post on her Twitter page.
India's Chandrayaan-2 spacecraft has been missing for more than 10 months and NASA has not been able to locate it.
“Strict penalties should be imposed against those contractors who fail to implement by collecting taxes according to the penalty rules and marking these contractors,” she suggested.
Shillong: There have been 211 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
Especially in the past months and months there has been an increase in the number of cases in Lum Myrli.
He said that on November 5, 2022, the state civil society groups including the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. ) have come to the scene to stop the signboard, which they have erected from a distance of 150 feet from the India-Bangladesh border.
He said that in 2009, Bah Pala received 48 percent of the vote while in 2014, it dropped to 33 percent.
His charges were examined by the jury yesterday.
He said that there was a patient who had been admitted to NEIGHIRMS for three months and he came to Bah Mawlong and he treated him for more than six months by treating him with herbal medicines and he has now recovered.
Modi took over as the Chief Minister of Gujarat in 2001 and remained in office until he took over as Prime Minister in 2014 and continued after winning again in
Regarding this announcement, u Bah Sangleiñ said that in the past there has never been such an interview for the post of officer. , followed by other requirements (Seniority-Merit-Efficiency), he said that this shows that there is a backward and unplanned intention to appoint people close to the District Council officials. this is the work.
Dr. LR Bishnoi said that the delay in filling the vacancies in the department is due to the decision of the Meghalaya High Court which has ordered all government departments not to appoint in any post. vacancies while the Roster System has not been prepared for the appointment of vacancies in accordance with the provisions of the Reservation Policy of the State.
The event was sponsored by the Social Welfare Office of East Khasi Hills and will be held online.
He hoped that once the water pipes are completed, the road will be completed according to the needs of the people of the state.
The purchase of 1500 plastic chairs at the price of T.600 each is unacceptable, while the market price is only 300 tyngka each.
EJ Law said that the VECs, instead of encouraging the employees to work with their hands to get job cards, they use the puh shilum by awarding contracts only for the benefit of the few. here inside and VEC.
Referring to the request for the establishment of primary health centers in Psiar and Moolber, Sangma said that these villages which fall under the areas of difference of opinion, but the government will ensure that the people residents should not get into trouble.
I am very sorry when I see the expenditure of money on those who don't have a good job.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat on Thursday announced that according to letter No. MG.38/2020/Pt-I/35, dated 2nd May, 2022 and No.DMR/MM/843/2 Vol-I/123, Dated 4th May, 2022 written to all those Coal Owners whose names appear in the Coal Inventory List and in the Report on Assessment of Extracted Coal Stocks prepared by the office of the Deputy The Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehiriat, who has been approved by the Hon'ble Supreme Court, has directed them to collect the form and submit it along with the necessary documents including EPIC Card. Bank Account Details, affidavit of acceptance and compliance with the provisions of the Comprehensive Plan and Scheme for Spot Auction prepared in collaboration with the State Government and Coal India Ltd.
Shillong: The number of complaints to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has decreased significantly in the state, despite the fact that there have been many incidents of human rights violations.
These are the wicked whose conscience is dead.
The Sohiong constituency has 34,783 voters and out of these, 17,687 are women, all these voters are in 63 polling stations.
In this decision, the High Court has urged the State Government to pass a law on the powers of Rangbah Shnong and to suggest that it has not said anything to the District Councils. to enact a law relating to Rangbah Shnongs, although they are part of District Councils, to govern the Village Authorities, in accordance with the provisions of the 6th Schedule.
“We have explained to the Governor that the amendment and repeal of these rules is after consultation with the Legal Department, the DCA and the Advocate General of the State. “The Governor will take immediate action after the Meghalaya High Court has issued an order to remove the country and the Constitution of the country,” said the CEM of KHADC. the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Fire trucks are still fighting to extinguish the fire.
We have the records to prove ownership of the land.
The Dorbar Shnongs are the closest authorities to the people.
On the allegation that she was raped before being killed, Berlin said she did not know what to say.
Besides Shella-Bholaganj, Mylliem C&RD Block is another Block with the lowest number of Aadhaar registered residents with 6,197 out of 74,578 registered residents. is 8.31%.
Most of the coal transported through the Gasuapara LCS is illegally mined in the state.
Besides these students, three teachers including Babu Bakhrawlang Marbaniang, Paiabanylla Syiemlieh and Kong Shidalin Dohling were also present. At the same time, Madhav Singh, State Coordinator of Meghalaya, was also present. .
The train can pass through this line at a speed of 65 kilometers per hour.
Only 68 candidates from Meghalaya will take part in the polling.
When asked, Bah Mawrie said that there is a traditional farming method but Meghalaya has not yet been recognized as a state that has farmed without the use of fertilizers.
Dawki, July 24: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju has praised the human resources of Meghalaya compared to other states of India.
They claimed that the GNLA pays them T.3,000 if they rob and kidnap people.
It is surprising to think how the parents have become victims of the school authorities until they have signed the letter without being able to What is more surprising is how the school dares to call a meeting with the parents of its students even though the protocol of the lockdown states that 'no' no one shall gather in any place for more than 5 persons.
“The MDA government has decided to introduce an ordinance with the Cabinet to amend the provisions of the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act 1973 whereby the MUDA Building Act will not apply to the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council,” he said. u Mr. Pynshngain.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Chief Engineer of National Highways, Shillong, on Tuesday directed the Chief Engineer of National Highways to verify the allegation that the Dawki-Amlarem-Jowai road has been damaged. within two months of the new year.
The election was conducted by the Election Commissioner Ernest Mawrie in the presence of BJP Vice President Meghalaya MLA Sanbor Shullai and senior officials of 23 constituencies. 19 constituency South Shillong.
In November, 2018, he expressed his desire to connect (a) Chittagong and Guwahati via Shillong, Dawki and Sylhet (b) Mahendraganj (Garo Hills) and the Hills. (West Bengal) and on 18.6.2019 we read that he has submitted a proposal to the Prime Minister to complete the construction of Road 8 or to connect Guwahati and Chittagong.
Like those who betray the State, they are also willing to pay money in violation of the bond signed when they were able to study through the State.
On the occasion of the Christmas Tree Lighting at the Courtyard by Marriott Shillong, Tushar Nagar, General Manager, Courtyard by Marriott Shillong, said, “We are very pleased. The Tree Lighting Ceremony will be held at the Courtyard by Marriott Shillong.
The DGP said that the theft of the letter and appearing on social media has shocked the people in fact such things should not frighten the people.
"Not only that, Lakhminder Singh Jakhar, Deputy Inspector General (DIG), Prisons in Chandigarh, has resigned from his post because he wants to join the farmers in their protest. .
The District Council Affairs Department has not yet issued a clear announcement on the election, as the Governor has not yet approved the proposal of the state government.
Trisha, who has acted in three films this year including Ponniyin Selvan 2, The Road and Leo, has been praised for these new films and at the same time she has shown that she is one. from the skilled and intelligent men.
Why then dost Thou smile while they destroy men more righteous than they? How canst thou make men like fish, or like a swarm of insects, which have no ruler to lead them? The Babylonians caught people with hooks like fish, dragged them out of their nets and filled them with the best things.
He said the Election Committee of the NPP will be the committee to look into and judge the issuance of tickets to those who will contest from the party.
Another problem faced by the residents when they go to withdraw money is that the bank does not have enough money almost all the time and because of this, they have to spend about three or four days to complete the task.
This was stated in a statement by Saljrang Tenggrik R Marak, President of Garo Students' Union, Williamnagar.
He said that he is one of the strongest opponents of corruption, but if there are any allegations, they should be proved and the accused should be punished according to the law.
He said that the DC has expelled all the foreign voters who are not voters of Nongstoiñ and has banned the election campaign after the expiry of the deadline set by the Election Commission.
Bah Phimsing said that in fact, government officials from Mawthadraishan Block including the BDO, came to explain to the residents that they should not believe the story.
KSU Wapung Unit will hold the 4th Woh Tep Kyndait Memorial Academic Award 2023 for the students of the area who have passed the SSLC, HSSLC and BSC, BCom, BA, Master's Degree PhD examinations. , Engineer of the year 2023 from various boards or universities (academic year 2023) as part of the efforts to encourage and motivate them to continue their studies.
Even today, this river, which was sweet to drink in the past, has become bitter and no one dares to drink it.
In fact, the Supreme Court in the case “Indra Sawhney & Others vs Union of India” in 1992, ruled that the total reservation should not exceed 50%. also said: “While 50 per cent shall be the rule, it is necessary not to put out of consideration certain extraordinary situations inherent in the great diversity of this country and the people.
Speaking on the occasion, the Nominated MDC, O.Lamin, congratulated these two parties for taking this great step to sacrifice themselves for the sake of others.
Harita Suchen scored three goals in the 10th minute, Pynioo Dkhar in the 45th minute and Yeslang Lamo in the 69th minute.
Only he whom God has given us can save who can deliver a person from hell, that is, by faith.
Congress MP Ripun Bora today raised the issue in Rajya Sabha demanding that the word Sindh should be changed to the word Sindh in the National Anthem. India.
Bah MB Tongper ADC Ri-Bhoi District said that the incident has been resolved and it is not because of ethnic differences but because of differences of opinion at a liquor shop. Others from the civil society groups urged them not to stir up the incident so that the people can live in peace and harmony in the area.
He urged the students to be obedient to their teachers, diligent and urged the parents to look after and participate for their children in education to ensure that their children succeed. .
The victim is identified as Mary Josephine Kharumnuid, resident of Nongkya, Mawsiatkhnam.
“Thank you very much, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, Deputy Commissioners, Police Departments, BSF, MLAs, MDCs, Ex-MLA MM Danggo and civil society groups, as well as leaders. Churches who have donated a lot of assistance in this time of crisis,” said the President.
Speaking as the chief guest, Samla Benjohnson Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to the youth for taking on that responsibility and for sharing the challenges of the country and the nation and within the South West. Khasi Hills District as a whole.
Such teachings are very difficult to understand how wide and mysterious they are!!! Because this happens, the question arises “What is this God we worship??? And what is true? your religion??? Why does it differ from one to another????To answer these questions is difficult because there are many religious teachings that understand each other about the nature of God? The nature of God may differ from one faith to another.
However, he promised that he will take action on these demands of the Seng and will send a letter to the higher authorities.
However, their biggest problem is that some contractors have stopped building for no apparent reason.
The G20 Submit is a group of twenty countries from around the world, appointed to oversee the sustainability of the economy.
Besides being a well-known spice, coriander or dhania is also known as a herbal remedy that can help cure many kinds of diseases.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has recently set up a special committee to investigate the incidents of clashes and bloodshed in Manipur since 3rd January.
He said that out of the 10 constituencies in East Khasi Hills, the Congress will win 7 seats and in the state as a whole it will win more than 32 seats. state.
Noting that the Governor will sign the Bill although he had refused to sign it earlier, the Chief Minister expressed his hope that the Governor will sign the Bill.
Former Prime Minister of India Dr Manmohan Singh has been admitted to AIIMS Hospital today after testing positive for the corona virus.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the launch of a book on Phan Nonglait entitled “A Lady Freedom Fighter of India” recently, Bah Jambor said that women have received their rights. of the right to be leaders or leaders in political and other areas.
They said that Dr Tariang has recently sent his resignation letter but he is still working as the head of the hospital.
Under the pretext of evicting the encroachers from the Government forests, there has been destruction of churches and settlements where hundreds of indigenous Boro residents, became fugitives in their own land.
Pala also alleged that in Rajabala, the Government has misused its powers, in which after the incident on the day of the last election, 170 Congress office bearers were arrested. They have shot and beaten and imprisoned them and in the rural areas the people are afraid and this is only on the Congress side while the other sides have not done anything.
There is increasing fear and increasing violence against fellow citizens especially abroad.
Meanwhile, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the world should understand that Hamas was the initiator and that Hamas is to blame for the deaths and loss of lives. -lui all in this thma.
Police from Shella and Tyllab have rushed to the scene to search for the suspects who have thrown stones at the trucks. you shall dwell in that place.
“Before 2019, the PHE Department had a budget of less than Rs 50 crore.
According to a statement sent by D Shadap, Waheh Shnong Mowkyndeng-Madankynsaw, this decision was taken at a meeting held on Saturday at Mulum Village.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 8 new cases have been confirmed and 75 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Referring to the reason why he voted for the BJP, he said that the reason is because only the BJP can bring about change and development in the constituency where he has led and the aspirations of the people. He said that he has no doubt that he will return as an MLA in the elections because in the past three years he has worked hard for the BJP. you constituency.
Karunanidhi, 94, was admitted to the hospital on the night of 27-28 November 2018 due to low blood pressure.
Kong Syiem said that in her opinion, it is time for the ethnic minorities to pay their taxes to the government as part of their contribution to the society. There are now thousands of Khasi who are rich and government employees who have been able to contribute a little to the government.
The people on that day must bring sufficient witnesses to prove them.
Let us take this lockdown as a blessing to us.
On the other hand, the state government officials have sent a letter to the Central Government to build border markets in Kamalpur, Dhalai district and Ragna, North district.
He said the Master in Public Policies is an online course offered by OP Jindal Global University, the Professional Certificate Programme, Data Science and Artificial Intelligence is an online course offered by the Indian Institute of Technology. Information Technology, Bangalore lane University of Merriland,  in addition to part time PhD is offered by Jindal Global Law School.
3) Because of religious pride:- Almost all the residents of Meghalaya believe that only their religion is good and right.
“Our strength lies in the participation of the villages, which we have supported in boosting income,” he said.
He also demanded that the government should take the necessary action so that such incidents will not happen again in the future to the youth of the state and the North East as a whole.
The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has directed all mobile and telephone operators to demonstrate their new strategy to stop the use of Aadhar for mobile or telephone holders.
(5) To empower the Syiems and DCs to control the market:-If the government empowers the Syiems and DCs to take strict action against those who violate the law, it will help a lot to curb the second wave of the pandemic.
The households who have received this water have been receiving it since 2022 and until today even the year 2023 is almost over, but these 50 households have not received water yet.
Referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's PanchPranjong, he urged the people to take their part in building the country. independence, the youth of today should contribute with their efforts to lead the country from Amritkaal to Swarnimkaal.
Shillong: Hundreds of people have threatened a market vendor in Khyndailad this evening, but they have not been able to find him. inside the house of the police.
The cycle rally in collaboration with the District Sports Officer was launched by the SP C. Syrti, MPS which started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh.
It also takes up to 3.5 hours to reach the site to enter and measure the crematoria.
Others are not the owners and end up talking, and criticizing people on social media.
The Steering Committee also informed Bah HS Shylla of the meeting of the various kurs, which also discussed the 1st Amendment Bill to the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill. 1997.
The KSU led by Vice President Chanbor War and General Secretary Leningrad Tariang and other office bearers have met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to urge him to provide assistance to the children of the victim. ) Tellme Talang who was shot dead by unidentified persons on 29/05/2024 at his lyngkha farm near the Assam border.
The Senior Technical Laboratory Supervisor (STLS), Khliehriat Tuberculosis Unit, said.
Many of us believe that the origin of this system of government came from the Greeks, but here we see that it predates the Greek period.
The factory is also known as Meghalaya Cast and Alloy Private Limited and according to information received, the factory has also been fined. Environmental Compensation for violation of the rules under Section 33A of the Water Prevention and Control Pollution Act 1972 and Section 32A of the Air Pollution Act
The District authorities will try to send government officials and police to enforce the law.
He strongly criticized the government for not seeing far until the state faces these problems as it is now.
After the march, another meeting was held to explain to the residents of the village on violence against women, children and also on the rules of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act. Act.
After receiving the A+ Accreditation from NAAC, the Principal of the college Dr.E Kharkongor expressed her happiness and congratulated the teachers, staff and students of the college for this achievement.
Shillong, March 06: After the contract teachers today turned to the gate of the Secretariat to protest at the site despite the police and district authorities firing tear gas bombs. The teachers turned straight until they reached their destination.
You're surprised after the election!.
After the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District issued an order regarding the issuance of license plates to shopkeepers and drivers of commercial vehicles, there has been a protest from some people. They alleged that this law violates human rights.
The CSWO said the public has the right to know the findings of the initial investigation before the government appoints the Special Investigation Team (SIT). “It is very important to follow up on the incident of the death of Bah Marbaniang,” said the President of CSWO, Kong Kharshiing.
After a while, the Kongthei left.
“Kynsai, Kynsai, don't drink,” called the mother from the kitchen.
However, inside the Shillong jail, it was found that up to 300% of the people have been accommodated, saying that something needs to be done immediately.
The JHTOA has urged various political parties, especially those who have been staging mass protests on the Inner Line Permit (ILP), to demand that the government should strengthen the existing laws.
A mother of Iawthymme, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai said that while her five-year-old daughter was coming home from school at 1:00 pm, she arrived at Iewthymmai. The boy threw her into a market stall and raped her.
Eight candidates have contested for the Shillong seat, Vincent Pala of the Congress, Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit of the independent candidate, A. Kharshiing of the AAP, Shibun Lyngdoh of the BJP. Denis Siangshai is the independent candidate, Richard Shabong of the CPI and Ivory Shylla are the independent candidate.
“They (VPP) want to destroy the nation by changing the caste of the mother to the father, but will the people agree and allow this? They have expressed their love for the nation but they want to change the custom of mother to father, which is usually done by people from other ethnic groups,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that the news about Saiful Ali, a resident of Barbeta Assam, who came to do business through Safeshop, has spread in many parts of the state, as he is a resident of Barbeta Assam. who has contracted COVID-19 and has visited many villages in the area.
If as a nation we don't surprise people, we will have no hope in the inheritance of our children.
Foreign and outside workers are not allowed to enter the District except those who have become skilled, specialized and professional in any field of work in compliance with the Standard Operation Protocols of the the Labor Department as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
It is only awareness that is needed, to be instilled in the minds of our children.
According to sources, the meeting between BJP leader Himanta and NPP leader Conrad lasted about half an hour.
Myntri Rangbah Duh brought forward the importance of the protection and promotion of knowledge, customs and beliefs in rights that are unique in the country and abroad.
In Hrithik's opinion, Citadel is one of Priyanka's best films and he feels that this character is ready to act and take any part in any film.
In the past, the rebel groups used to send letters demanding money to the villagers, regardless of their ethnicity.
Announcing the participation in the World Championship at Shillong Press Club on Monday, Bah Angelus Sun said that these four players have been selected for their ability to participate in the World Championship. Muay Thai National Championship held in Imphal in November
Dr. Aruna Vanikar, President, National Medical Commission, Under Graduate Medical Education Board, will inaugurate the Regional Center at NEIGRIHMS on the 11th of this month. Doctors (Human Medicine) who are training in medical colleges in the North East and other parts of India directed by the NMC. This book is published by the Department of Medical Education in collaboration with the Doctors of NEIGRIHMS. from English to Khasi which is used by doctors in these areas when communicating with patients and will be of great help to doctoral students and health workers who do not speak Khasi.
Both the teams are expecting to score all three points from this match today and to strengthen their position in the table.
“However, the Police have said that we don't have the authority to search or seize the trucks but I would like to ask the Government why the authorities like the DMR and others have not done anything against these trucks. not illegal," he added.
In an outlook on 22 April 2018, BJP MP Bharat Singh has accused the Congress of Christian missionaries controlling the Congress. .
He has also forgotten that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which belongs to him and supports him, is the political party of the RSS. of these other political parties against the VPP and that the Bapli did not think that their struggle would turn into against the VPP. Pope Francis on Sunday expressed his deep sorrow over all that the world is witnessing in these days. that it is important to do something to prevent and curb conflict especially in the Middle East as seen in the situation in the Middle East which has been dominated by wars. turn.
"It's not that he didn't cooperate and he doesn't have to say yes to all the questions," Sibal told the court.
“The last batch of students has arrived safely in Shillong.
A post-mortem examination was conducted.
Earlier, your son was also infected with Coronavirus.
At the same time, the government has decided to impose a fee of T.2 tyngka for the removal of kyaid from the dams.
Govinda said that Haseena Maan Jayegi is a film that he is very excited to act.
“This government's readiness to improve the roads of Shillong shows that it is not ready to work and is blind to see unless Modi comes. beautiful ones," he added.
Nongstoiñ, November 28: The Pyndengrei Social and Cultural Sports Club on Tuesday handed over a house to Lucy Sohshang from Mawkhmahwir Village, Pyndengrei Village. to make it.
Furthermore we experience death in spiritual life and faith.
On the other hand, the Home greeted Kong.
Kickstart FC took the lead for a while through a goal from Khangngam Hora after 3 minutes but Kickstart FC took the lead. Rangdajied United replied through Arlangky Nongsiej (43'P).
Nongpoh, July 23: With the aim of strengthening and reviving the Congress party in Umroi Constituency, following the departure of MLA Bah George B Lyngdoh who has joined the party AITC, the Umroi Block Congress party The UBCC has decided to gather again the supporters of the Congress party for the renewal of the office bearers at a meeting to be held on the 25th of this month at Umroi.
The no confidence motion, signed by Himalaya Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh and Zenith M Sangma, was sent to the office of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly at 9.30 am. morning.
Shillong: Today, a letter was sent to the office of some newspapers, in which some claimed that the guns, which were taken from the police station in Mawlai Mawkynroh, were stolen. bread in the Umkhrah River.
Therefore, I suggest that it would be better if we elect more intelligent people such as teachers in universities, government officers, writers and other intellectuals than those who are just elected. These are the politicians who speak without any basis like campaigning for elections.
Shillong: Two Congress candidates from Laitumkhrah Constituency, Bah Fantin Joseph Lakadong, who is also the husband of Ampareen, have filed their nomination papers for the MDC election Lyngdoh and Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor, who will contest as an independent candidate from Nongthymmai.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 07: Speaking at the election of the new office bearers of the UDP Women's Wing, Ranikor Circle, Bah Pius Marweiñ, Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Ranikor Constituency, said: He said that the victory of the party is due to the cooperation of three groups, namely the elderly, the youth and especially the women.
In fact, Mukul tried to continue speaking again but his spirit was so strong that he gave up and shook his head.
He urged the neighbors of Khanduli to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong by stopping the purchase of goods by the Karbi through Khanduli.
According to sources, the construction of this road has cost about Rs 64 crore.
Nongpoh, Nailur 29 : In order to promote the arts and especially the working methods using scientific knowledge according to the present era, and with the aim of preserving the customs and traditions of the ancients so that they should not be lost or The students of St Joseph Higher Secondary School today held a Science Exhibition cum Cultural Exhibition on the theme of Integrated Approach in Science and Technology for Sustainable Future.
“There is no doubt that there are groups who are afraid of the turning away of the people including the children in the state on the call of the VPP for clean politics. .
Is it because we don't have enough knowledge or is it because we have followed the customs of other nations? Personally, I feel it is right to say that we have become so closely following the example of others that it has caused us to lose sight of the teachings and advice of our ancestors.
Police also showed the receipt that the HYC members had poured 20 liters of petrol from the petrol pump on 8th July 2014 , which showed that the HYC had poured petrol because of the need to go to the petrol pump. program organization.
Team Revolution won 10 gold and three silver medals, including 11 men and one woman.
Mukul said the use of the government's street parking house does not mean wasting money but it is necessary because if the house is not sufficient, it will affect the working methods of the Prime Minister.
These shops are located in Iawmusiang.
Lamare was arrested while he was returning from the NSCN's Hebron Camp in Dimapur.
The Budget Session was scheduled to be held from the 22nd to the 27th along with the Holi and Good Friday holidays between Saturday and Sunday. days on the 22nd and 23rd.
However, after the implementation of this smart city project, all the vehicles have been removed from the road and it has become more and more crowded during the start and closing hours of school at All Saints.
DS War, Publicity Secretary of Namdong B Village Council has decided to close down the village and set up gates to prevent vehicles and people from moving and parking inside the village. Namdong-B has decided to close down the village and not allow foreigners to enter the village without the permission of the village authorities. against foreigners entering the village.
MCCLU Secretary Bah Pynskhem Lyngdoh said, “This is part of the revival of the factory. she went by another path to stir up trouble through her paths.
The employment of the drivers is no longer a problem and it is a blessing to their families that they can earn a living through this job.
Meanwhile, Ferlin CA Sangma, MLA of the National People's Party (NPP), said that she does not want to criticize the NPP party, but when she chooses to enter politics, she wants to be in a stronger party. .
In his opinion, nonviolence will not succeed if the oppressors do not have compassion.
Do you know who you are? According to this article, it is said that the Khasi people originated and grew in the Middle East bordering the Persian, Greek and Samaria Empires five thousand years ago.
The people should think carefully, should think carefully during this time of peace, lest they turn away immediately after the festival.
In a reply received from the State Government, the Union said that the Urban Development Department has prepared an Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and an Environmental Management Plan (EMP).
“The PDF has a goal to eradicate poverty from the ground up.
Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his deep sorrow after seeing the news and spread on social media about the failure of the MSOA to provide accommodation to the participants from 12 districts in The 2022 Meghalaya Games will be held at the Polo Ground.
“What is needed is to mix innovation with strategy to ensure it is operational to make a difference.
“I hope that this visit to the Inter State Zone Championship will bring many prizes to the State,” said Bah S.Lyndem President WKHDBA. Council, Rev. JJM Nichols Roy introduced the bill in the Constituent Assembly and it was passed on 26th January
Whether the MDA Government has banned the mining and transportation of coal, what has the MDA Government done in response to the Mining Policy? The BOR has banned the sale of coal, so for many of us we want to know how much revenue the MDA Government collects from coal, Mawshun. and other goods from April 2018 to date and how the share of District Councils in the State.
“The holding of such exhibitions will help to support the financial needs of the school including the salaries of teachers and others,” said the pastor.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has announced that Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang, General Secretary of the party, will be the candidate for the upcoming Assembly elections. 2023.
Neighbors and residents of the village tried their best to extinguish the fire but when they saw that they could not fight anymore they informed the fire brigade.
“We are divided in religion, politics, clan, but what unites us is only the date as a nation,” he said.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today attended the Golden Jubilee celebration of Mendipathar College, North Garo Hills.
In his speech, the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, praised Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew for his hard work in developing the talents of the youth which will also become a source of employment through various training programmes. The 'Center' is different.
On the other hand, Skill Development Officer, Lambormi Suchen said that the Skill Meghalaya Program was launched by the Chief Minister on 8th March 2022 and said that Skill Meghalaya is one of the programmes. training opportunities for the youth to start their own businesses, so that it will also increase the income of the state.
On the part of the youth of Parish Mawthong, they expressed their gratitude to the youth of Commander Shangpliang.
The union said it would be a great honor and beneficial if the government considers raising the age of applicants in this regard.
He is an expert in Phaco-refractive surgeries and Strabismus Pediatric Ophthalmology.
“In the Congress, they want to suspend one (PN Syiem) but they lost six MDCs, they don't know that there are strong lieutenants and captains in our party,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Donbok Dkhar, President of HITO, said that even the civil society organizations invited by the Prime Minister to the meeting to discuss the border demarcation are only a formal meeting but there is no discussion in the meeting. the meeting he called.
The Food Safety Commissioner, V.Kezo, who was present on the occasion, said that the MFSWs have not been used only for the purpose of food security. to monitor the quality of food but also to monitor the quality of food to ensure that food is safe to eat and to keep in the minds of people in terms of making or cooking them food that makes people happy.
Stressing on the demand for the immediate withdrawal of the letter issued on 12th November, 2023, the union said that it will hold a meeting soon and take a decision on further steps.
Not everyone has a spirit of perseverance.
On the other hand, the President of HITO Shillong City, Samla Banpyntngenlang Syiemlieh, said that in Ri Khasi, the number of touring agencies set up by foreigners has increased. The KHADC has caused the drivers of commercial vehicles from the state to suffer and lose their income due to the lack of proper documents and those who have not passed through the rules and regulations. These Agencies do not have proper documents.
However, the question has arisen whether this law is really working or whether those who implement it have implemented it or not.
He said this after the JAC leaders met him and demanded that the government should issue a decision.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Jalyiah, through the Waheh Shnong of Jalyiah, Bah SDkhar, said that the Dorbar Shnong Jalyiah strongly condemns the robber who dared to take the precious soul of his wife and On the other hand, the village authorities urged the police to arrest him immediately and punish him according to the rules of law.
Domestic repair/new installation electrical/electronic and other repair services will be available here.
She said that those who violate this Act will be punished with imprisonment for at least 6 months which can be extended to 2 years with a fine of T.20,000/- to T.50,000/- .
It is to be recalled that last November, Bah JTS Thongni President of the Association, while speaking to reporters, had already announced that they will suspend the implementation of all the works belonging to the PHE department. This is because the government has taken away the money that the contractors should have received for the payment of the wages to the contractors. hap ban pan and you ram.
The MCTA said that this action of the officers violates the public service.
In the men's category, Meghalaya drew 1-1 against Punjab and won 1-0 against Punjab. to Gujarat.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong today are Wadborlang Kharsahnoh, (43) of Mylliem Kyndong, Banteinamlang Khonglah (33) of Langkyrding Lumshyiap, East Khasi Hills. Barsing Kharshandi, 48, of Laitsohum, Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills, who died at home on 23-07-2021, Krishna Bahadur Chettri, (80) of Mawbah, East Khasi Hills. Khasi Hills.
Ummulong Presbyterian HS School beat Achiever's Secondary School 5-0
He said that the ASHAs should ensure that they register the names of the children or the names of the parents as soon as possible while the ANMs have to fill in the data in this app and through this The app also allows parents to receive information through messages for injections for children.
Therefore, we have decided to invite them for six months,” said the Symbud Myntri in charge of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 38 new cases have been confirmed and 286 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Shillong: Shillong La Jong will play their second match of the Kalinga Super Cup against North East United at Kalinga Stadium Pitch-I, Bhubaneswar today at 2 pm. afternoon.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the union said that the total amount of money that the contractors within the union have not received has reached T.400 crore. , and this is for works that have been started and completed since
Without a doubt, conquerors or tyrannical rulers use the Word of God to justify their authority.
There is also the freedom to change parties from one party to another.
The winners can receive prizes worth up to Rs 40 lakh.
On November 30, 2023 at about 3.40 pm, unidentified robbers stole a Maruti Eeco van (AS-01EF-1519) belonging to Pawan Kumar. Swami and Byrnihat, Ribhoi District.
Or even if they have the opportunity to go to school, we as parents go and feed our children so that they can eat abroad.
When asked about the opposition to the toll gate, the first reason is the lack of payment from the government by some of the land owners for the construction of the toll gate. There is no place to work from side to side, which causes problems especially to the school children who need to work from side to side every day. of the youth to work in the area, the roads of the villagers and others.
“The VAB will be sent back to the Lat after being thoroughly considered by the Law Department of the State Government,” he said.
Shillong, November 12: In a different incident, a farmer from Lum Garo Hills District has committed suicide after failing to fulfill his promise to return the money of his friend T. 10 thousand tyngka which he agreed to pay within 3 days.
SHILLONG: The Khasi song “Long lehnohei” has been released on the 2nd of June
Nongstoiñ: A 1-year-old child along with his two brothers have survived a house fire after the elder brother of these three brothers, 7-year-old, was killed. she turned into the burning flames, in order to get out her brothers, especially the youngest brother who was sleeping inside the house.
According to these rules, companies must spend 2% of their revenue for the benefit of the people in the area where they set up their factory.
She said that the party cannot accept at all and the MSPCB will have to hold another public hearing because many of the people or leaders who wanted to participate did not get it anymore and expressed their surprise and sorry.
He said that in the two Lok Sabha constituencies of Shillong and Tura there are 3167 polling stations including 704 vulnerable, 249 critical and 68 critical. vulnerable at the same time and 2146 are stable.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah W. Syiem, Bah Hendry Nongrum Chairman of SPRRN, Bah OP Lyngdoh, Bah Liander Syngkli and other dignitaries.
They also said that as the party, we don't want our nation which has only 10 troh to be overwhelmed by the authorities, and we don't want the indigenous people to become the water carriers and sources of water for anyone as mentioned. Soso Tham has been opposed to the NESO-led bill in the North East while the case is pending in the Supreme Court.
Therefore, NHA prescribes three other options namely fingerprint, iris and facial verification for beneficiary authentication along with OTP, where authentication is more widely used according to the sign of the hand.
These new soldiers will have to undergo physical training for six months and after that they will be on leave for six months.
He said that in fact in India as a whole, this will be the 40th time that the Karbi Youth Festival will be celebrated, but in Meghalaya it will be the first time that this festival will be celebrated in all the 12 Units of AMKA from Meghalaya have arrived to take part in the tournament.
The Municipality has introduced 14 types of plastic items in 9 wards, where residents can dispose of used plastic items.
We remember in April 2020 how we were able through the internet to help the farmers together with the Department of Agriculture from Mawkynrew who grow about 500 packets of strawberries to sell within a few hours through the distribution through WhatsApp in Shillong.
You don't have to worry about it, but you don't have to worry about people who have changed your mind and who have misused it.
On the 27th of November, Khimusniang will play against Mynthong.
Nonglait said that there are forests around the pond and he and his brothers who are involved in the maintenance of the pond have also banned the slaughter of wild animals. animals if any and to shoot the birds and animals that live in these forests.
Thus, along with the deterioration of the old plant, it was possible to resume the construction of the new plant in 2010-2011, when the Government has allocated more funds.
“For our part, we understand that this roster system will continue because all the people who have been appointed since 1972, how can you transfer them?
Thus, with this initiative, the farmers have now been able to sell at a higher price than the price they used to sell.
Last year in May, the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) came to the state to ask for our opinion on the Bill, and the SAKP gave a decision. “I am against the bill,” said Kalita.
On the other hand, the President of TMC-SU, Samla Bansharai Pyngrope said that this step is to allow the youth of the state through the students to show and start the change.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The incumbent Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Lathoh Manik Syiem, will have to step down because he has lost the trust of his ministers.
“I would like to urge the 30 Khasi MLAs to look beyond politics and forget about party affiliation but to talk about changing the Reservation Policy to allocate according to the number of paid,” he said. he said.
At this place the Sunday School has got teachers and a proper place for the Revival School and this place is more convenient because it is across the road from the house of Robert Raikes.
Each test alert will clearly indicate that it is a test message only to avoid confusion.
In a statement, KHNAM invites everyone to join hands on this day as part of the tribute to this hero who died for the sake of the country and the nation as a whole.
I have seen that such accidents happen almost every day.
Biswa failed to reach a half-century for the loss of 49 runs and Swarajeet Das, who came after him, scored only 11 runs against Bihar. myn in this month.
At Mawkduk Unit, Phroisimai Lating was elected as President, Vice President, Mercylinda Lynshiang, Secretary, Syrpailin Lating, Asst Secretary, Sisphira Lynshiang as Treasurer.
Most important of the program were the female priests known as mata pujaris, a women's organization of the RSS who are often placed in small temples.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, recalled that it was Bah Känsing and a group of farmers who fought to get the fertilizer back.
F.Siangshai, of KB Memorial School, East Jaintia Hills.
And Ahab did more to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were before him.
The 56-acre site will be decided soon in the coming months.
Similarly, the other children who were in the area along with the child, where the others were taken nearby and sustained minor injuries and were treated by people. of the RNLI in Ilfracombe on the same day.
It is to be recalled that recently, the people of the state have strongly opposed the issuance of Aadhaar and then the Meghalaya Peoples Committee on Aadhaar (MPCA) has appealed to the Supreme Court. They also showed the judgment of the court, which clearly states in para 373 that the registration of Aadhar, is only through the consent of the individual and those who do not consent, they may never enroll themselves in the aadhar scheme.
Another reason is that parents don't come to the school authorities when they see any shortcomings.
At this meeting, the Seng expressed its struggle since 2018 until now to establish a Sub-Divisional Hospital in Amlarem which is the Sub-Divisional Head Quarter.
There are older people who love and enjoy participating in social activities especially in preserving their own culture and traditions, but their lack of writing letters makes it difficult for them to contact those they need.
The Planning Department in consultation with the Prime Minister and the Chairman shall appoint 4-5 experts to be members of the Board.
The final will be played on the 8th November at 12.30 pm.
Shillong, July 14: KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday said that his recent announcement to join the BJP will only be made if the government agrees to join the BJP. India is ready to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) immediately and to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, Lber 13 : The Pay for Right (PFR) on two days (10th and 11th October) in collaboration with The NYK Association Shillong has organized a District Level Village Cluster Sports Meet.
Rally 17.
Ribhoi has five high risk contacts, West Jaintia Hills has seven cases, one from outside the state and six high risk contacts.
Meanwhile, shopkeepers have complained that the power outage for many hours in some places in the morning and evening has affected their sales especially during this time when the market is just starting to open. reason.
“On the 28th, July, 2022, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has made it clear through the media that the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP has decided that nothing will be allowed. The opening of casinos in Meghalaya has come after strong opposition from many Sengs, Dorbar Shnongs, Raids, Himas, various religious leaders and even the people themselves.
There are areas where plants are completely damaged by insects and pests.
When the leaves are dry to the midrib, reduce the heat and open all the ventilators to dry the house.
These people sent by the government have to take the names and explain to the youth who want to start a business, according to their skills and they will also provide information for the youth who have come. to give a name.
Everyone in Prahka thinks that the candidate for the election, and the MLAs, should pray for the president of the party to win the election???? Wow wow wow … ?????  Sngew Lyngngoh...I hope I know how to win now I don't have any hope that I'm afraid thud2...MLA is lucky without VPP.
This is because in the past they used to drive less; but now it has become a road that doesn't help many people every day.
At the same time, the Commission will recommend how to bring about changes to improve education in schools, colleges and other educational institutions.
As usual every year, they said that at such times, the people stand in line at the shops and come to break the money but this year, although there are buyers, there are no buyers. the past years.
The recipients of the award were Deputy Superintendent of Police, TC Chacko, while the President's Medal for Gallantry was awarded to Goera T. Sangma, Probinstar Kharbani, Dressing K Shabong, Pyrkhat Minot Nongsiej, Sanjay Kumar Ray, Havildar Novelson Lyngdoh of 1st MLP Bn, Margrecia Thangkhiew of Compounder (CTI) and Ricoverstar Lyngdoh received the Police Medal.
We live and farm there and we have houses there.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Lyngdoh said the defeat of the NPP candidate and the victory of the BJP candidate is a sign that the people have rejected the minister. old.
On the same day, the new office bearers of the Unit for the term 2020-2023 were also appointed.
There will be three gates in the new Jerusalem on the east, three on the east, three on the south, and three on the west.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has issued an order that following the outbreak of COVID-19 in India and the return of people from different states, the district has increased in the number of cases. day.
Many of Khraw's supporters congratulated him.
Nongstoiñ: After a reporter published an article on the protest of the Union of Chicken Sellers and Chicken Farmers of Nongstoiñ area which has also decided to ban the import of foreign chickens into the area; The next day, on the 6th of this month, a group of foreigners arrived in Nongstoiñ.
Friends United CC won by 10 runs against Marbisu CC while Cricket Lovers CC beat Pomshutia CC by 44 runs.
In a letter to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon said, “On behalf of the party candidate from Mylliem, I would like to request you to to recount the votes from Mylliem Constituency due to the inconsistency in the number of votes cast and the counting of votes.
Looking back on the past, somehow that thought of the foundation still exists, even if it has been destroyed or destroyed.
The FKJGP today clarified that it does not recognize Banshai Marbaniang who has claimed to be a member of the FKJGP. The Principal of Pine Mount School, Kong Aiom Ksiar Diengdoh, has resigned as a member of the FKJGP.
Isn't this a commercial transformation of education? At present, it can be said that non-government-aided schools, ie those that receive government-aided institutions, are the budlum of education in the state as a whole.
Clarification on the request for clarification from Bah E Sohtun, Bah J Lyngdoh Marshillong, Bah N Chen Bareh, Jaintia Hills, Bah A Nongkhlaw, Ri Bhoi District and others who have requested clarification from me. in the Khasi newspaper U Rupang published on 27th June 2021 on my speech in the media on 25th June
Finely Pariat said that 99% of the medal winners for Meghalaya in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 are from rural areas and also in the Junior category.
Nongkhlaw said that within the Union there are about 3000 members who have registered with the group but there are also many who are outside the group.
The theme of the FKJGP Mawlai Circle for this year's football tournament is, “Say no to drugs, say yes to football”. and it was the football they held every year.
Recently, in talks between the authorities of West Jaintia Hills District and Karbi Anglong, they agreed to direct the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to remove the tax collection gate.
The Commission will consist of a chairperson and seven members including two women.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh has donated up to 5 lakh tyngka for the flight from Guwahati to Abu Dhabi and also on the way back from Guwahati. The country has sent four athletes to Guwahati to take part in the World Muaythai Championship to be held in Abu Dhabi from 26th January to 05th July,
The meeting was attended by Mr. Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Vice-President MSOA & President Mr. Paia War Nosgbri, Mr. Dipshon Ryntathiang, Mr. P. Laloo, Mr. EH Passah, Executive. MSOA Council Members including Ian Campbell (Olympian) and others.
He said that the current situation in the state demands that the government should wake up to understand what the state needs and to achieve it.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul Sangma said, “The last elections and the results show that the people of Khasi Hill have clearly said that they want change.
The events in the Mang Tyngka Dorbar which we have all seen have also shown the lack of election victory of some leaders by the power of money.
Pyrshang Tangliang in the 44th minute and Ngaitni Syngkon in the 58th minute gave Iooksi the lead.
The ADM will have to submit his findings within 15 days to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills.
JSU War Jaintia Circle has conducted this disinfection campaign as part of the disinfection campaign to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Therefore, the ancestors of the thir - areas through the stories - thuh - tang, the Puriskam and Purinam to endow the creatures in nature around us with the soup - thiar, information, to to improve the knowledge of the Khasi without restricting – not to destroy – to destroy the knowledge of the Khasi and to give him time and understanding of his humanity and rights – Long race as a Khasi Khara .
The Secretary of the KJCLF, Rev Dr Edwin H Kharkongor, said, “We have participated and worked together to express, show and send our condolences to all the victims of this bloodshed and killing in Manipur, who have suffered and are in the midst of suffering.
Police recovered a Chinese-made AK rifle and a pistol from the scene of Marak's body. Police sources said that four or five others had been killed. escaped in the darkness of the night.
Two persons have died in a landslide in the Umkhrah River, near Lawmali, Mawphlang Balat Road, East Khasi Hills, according to a statement from the DC, East Khasi Hills. Mawsynram Block, which happened at 33 kilometers and at the time of writing, the vehicle could not be released.
According to the EM, foreigners who want to import daju especially in Iewduh should have a trading license.
Continuing from 115/5, Arunachal fell to 222 runs before being beaten by Meghalaya by
“The days and years are passing by so fast and it is impossible to feel the speed of time when the Seng Samla Shnong today has reached its 25th milestone”, said Bah Renik and the Seng Samla Shnong. The completion of this year has also been through hard work and hard work in many fields to bring about the good in the society.
Hor Spring Sports Club beat Rangblang Sohsynñiang PC&CC 1-0 with a goal from Everwel Kharsyiemiong in the 49th minute.
The false Christ shall command the Jews to make an image to the beast" Revelation 13:1
“Young people who are aspiring to pursue higher studies can contribute for the needs of the Government by doing research, collections and record keeping," he said.
The meeting was held at the Conference Office, Muhmyntdu. The meeting was chaired by MLA Santa Mary Shylla. and Matthew Beyondstar Kurbah.
He said the office has tried to bring money into the state through banks to deliver it to the farmers.
She said that she took the skum to produce the ksai and shet rong and after that she will make the clothes again and these skum khñiang were taken by people from Ri Bhoi.
His repentance is found in the Gospel of John 19:39 when he took part in carrying Jesus' body to bury.
in, www.Internet.
He said that in the future there will be other schemes to be opened to the public.
The punishment for child offenders is according to the rules, some have been charged under Sections 4, 6, 8 and 10 of POCSO. crimes against boys.
There are only a couple of things that keep us busy.
The complaint of the hospital authorities, the public and the Government from time to time about the shortage of doctors especially Health Specialists is because the state even after 50 years has not been able to produce its own. Medical College and Engineering College which shows the lack of attention by the Government in the field of health, education,” said the KSU in a statement sent to the media.
We will have to see whether the government will implement the directives and orders of the High Court, and if the government does not listen, we don't know what will happen.
Speeches were also delivered by Mercy John, who was specially invited and Dr. Johnny Oommen.
As a sign of gratitude, the FKJGP has presented mementos to the referees who have worked hard to conduct the tournament from the beginning to the end and also to Bah Mom Phalangki, Waheh Shnong Nartiang who worked with the organization for good.
He said the Meghalaya Government has passed a resolution to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule and to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) but the Central Government has not done anything.
The hard work of the Government and its determination to improve the lives of the most disadvantaged people have contributed to this achievement.
Shillong: A clash between two groups has broken out at the Durga Temple in Nartiang, West Jaintia Hills.
The annual report is based on the statistics or information received from the police headquarters of the states or UTs during the year in accordance with the standards provided by the United Nations. Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP) under the Project of Asia Pacific Road Accident Data (APRAD).
In the first half, both the teams failed to score and the match was decided in the penalty shootout where Mookaswan won.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Tayondar Mawlieh, one of the teachers, said that the strike has been lifted but they are still at Madan Malki to wait for the outcome of the talks. This morning with Bah DP Wahlang.
When Jesus opened the first book, the sins of the people were revealed.
Speeches were also delivered by the leaders of these organizations, Longkmie and riew rangbah who strongly condemned the robber and demanded that he should be punished and even if he should be sentenced to life imprisonment. He was charged with these crimes which took the life of this young woman.
Most of the rivers have risen and inundated many villages and this has forced people to leave their homes and move to safe places safe from flooding.
“We have changed the rules after we encountered many problems in the implementation of this scheme to provide assistance to the women in need,” said the Chief Minister. after the Cabinet meeting.
And when wisdom is found, there will be joy and happiness along with peace of mind.
New Delhi, Jymmang 30: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP Shatrughan Sinha has criticized the government for appointing ministers only to those under the age of of Narendra Modi.
“To the people of the State, please check carefully what you hear, the news, the statements you receive...because many of them may be false news.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 07: A truck carrying nar rod (WB 57 B 1028) has caught fire on Thursday morning after it collided with another truck on the Shillong Bypass near Umroi Road. this bag.
There are 6 recoveries from East Khasi Hills only.
Kitboklang Khar Syntiew has been convicted by a court of rape of a child at Mawlai Umjaiur on 6th June,
“We don't want any bloodshed, violence, we have set a goal to resolve it through understanding with our Garo friends”.
However, the inflow of funds from the local government is not much.
He said that according to the Judicial Report 2022 headed by Justice T Vaiphei, the police have admitted that Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew or Sanbor Pala was involved in the extortion and IED bomb blasts. The situation also leads to two main issues: The failure of the police and the thanks to the people, the Sengbhalang and the relatives of Bah Cheristerfield that Bah Cherist is Sanbor Pala and who has been killed. work with this name sin.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Pynursla Constituency Leader from the National People's Party (NPP), on Friday said that his party will win the elections. win the upcoming elections in GHADC and more.
This has created a big problem for the people as this PHC covers up to 6 large rural villages including Mihmyntdu, Sabahmuswang, Ialong, Mookaswan, Mupliang and Myrjai. economy.
Children under the age of five suffer from paralysis, physical, mental or mental illness.
There have been 98 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
The State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) has reached out to the SDRF at 02:00 pm this morning to take necessary action in connection with the fire in collaboration with the Fire & Emergency Services Department. already in the area.
When God was with them, they were discouraged and asked for their own desires.
"Where..." asked Bahnah and followed immediately. "Shatei..." Riia replied. When she reached a shop a few kilometers away from the taxi stand, she entered.
Comparing the Red Card in a football match to a person who fights against the spirit of sports, Modi said the Government has shown a Red Card to all the challenges that come in the way of development. in the Eastern Hemisphere.
However, the NCP will lose MP seats, according to TV analysts from their survey in Maharashtra.
He said that after receiving information from the Rangbah Shnong of 20mer, about the presence of the body, police from Byrnihat Police Outpost were immediately sent for investigation. The body of an old man was found near the forest and there is a stream known as the Umrabit River.
The drivers were also welcomed at the Nongpoh Indoor Stadium by the district authorities in the presence of SP Ri-Bhoi Giri Prasad, Additional Deputy Commissioner MB Tongper and GS Dhaliwal. Sanjay Sharma, Commandant, 172nd Battalion, BSF Shillong, and others.
The CoMSO leader demanded that Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma should convene a meeting of the MDA and decide who wants to pass the ILP and who is against it.
Everyone is afraid when they are lynshop like this.
The names of the two suspects have not been released yet as the investigation is ongoing and the search for the suspects is ongoing.
“I have seen in some media that the government may file a civil suit and if it really takes this step I can say that the movement has been in the right direction. ," he commented.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) as part of the celebration of its 50th anniversary.
He said that the dorbar has taken this decision to prevent any exploitation that could escalate the conflict.
We all need wealth, because without wealth we cannot improve the nation, but the bad thing is that our desire is too much and we don't recognize it anymore. They are not like a batbor or a batbor or a ksihbor of nature.
ISIS militants have released an 11-minute video showing their uniforms warning the United States, “There will be no more peace. he's in America".
Regarding this unfounded allegation and which has affected these Raid leaders, the Raid leaders will lodge an Ejahar with the Police and will also demand that the Police should conduct a investigation, for the purpose of arresting the two men who have made unfounded accusations.
The market dwellers have decided to hand over to the Shillong Municipal Board to take action to restore the shops to those who shop on the bridge but if they continue to do so, they will have to take responsibility. .
Turning to Psalm 106:14, 15 “But they lusted exceedingly in the wilderness, and tempted God in the desert.
Excessive sleep is caused by the loss of body temperature.
He said that the ILP protest will continue and the party itself will not back down and will intensify the protests and through the death of Bahrit Lurshai in the hands of bloodthirsty people who are not ready to take over the ILP. The lives of the youth of the country who attended the meeting on that day will not be lost at all.
In this regard, about T.17.80 crore has already been released to the flood victims.
Speaking to media, CoHSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said the party strongly opposes the CAB introduced by the BJP government which aims to destroy all the ethnic groups in the North East. in Meghalaya if foreigners are allowed to live there.
The purpose of the State Government through the Tourism Department to build these accommodation facilities is to provide convenience to the tourists who come from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills and especially from abroad. You can relax in these lodges with delicious food.
Speaking to media after handing over his resignation letter, Bah Bajop said that the reason why he left the Congress to join the NPP is because he is too concerned about the failure of the party. The present government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma to resolve the border issue.
“If the MP and the state government are not involved in the work, it will be easier to work and if you send an MP from a party that has a cooperation with the central government, it will work better,” she said. .
After the elections, the BJP said that those allegations were just a ploy to deceive the voters! By not doing anything about the allegations of corruption raised by the BJP itself, we see that this political party is just trying to increase the market and does not have a clean mind to eradicate corruption.
Mumbai: Sad facts have emerged about Suchana Seth, who has been accused of killing her four-year-old son.
Therefore, at this juncture, as a nation, we need law makers and not money makers.
Dr. Sammaia Papiah Lecturer (Homoeopathy) said that the treatments are provided according to the needs of the people especially the diseases caused by climate change.
Shillong, November 17: A public meeting was held on the 11th of this month at Mupyut, Musakhia, Madantyrpaid, Umsalang, Shkenpyrsit and Samanong.
At the same time, he is also a NGO who has been involved in many NGOs, he has been the Vice President of Kiang Nangbah Government College, he has also been a member of the Jaintia Student Union and Asst. General Secretary of Khasi Jaintia Student Union.
Referring to his complaint against two persons, who later turned out to be members of the CoRP, Bah Agustine Nongrum said that the reason for lodging the complaint was because The Acting Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, who is the owner of the market for several years now, has lodged a complaint against the market. it is against the party, but it is against these two.
It was alleged that the two men were the owners of the coal mine, but Lar Bareh admitted that the coal mine belonged to him.
Jowai, Jymmang 18: The body of a youth was found drowned in Barah Karimganj District, while another youth was missing along with a Maruti Alto 800 (ML11-1038).
Suddenly, it was seen that a small tynghung (Stranger rit) was brought but this did not impress the owners of the land because the sound system was hidden outside and the sound system was placed behind the house. school you don't have listeners.
There are four candidates including Lamdibok Sumer, former CEM of JHADC from the INC, Losing Lakuna (IND) who has been contesting the MDC election for many years. Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The firstborn Manner of the UDP candidate and the BJP candidate Smenlang Kyndait have been arrested. This happened in Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency where the Congress candidate has two constituencies – one Marbaniang and the other Leong.
“The Finance Department of the HNLC has received good information about your income and how much wealth you have and the HNLC has had to collect Income Tax from your income,” the letter said. .
He said that the number of visitors to Meghalaya per annum reaches 15 lakh and this is a testimony that the visitors to Meghalaya see that the people are friendly, cooperative and welcoming. kino who came to this state.
It is alleged that the BSF and Land Custom officials have been involved in the smuggling of shini and piat.
The attack came after ISIS militants were driven out of the city of Tikrit by Iraqi troops.
Diesel has now become more expensive than petrol in Delhi, with a hike of 48 paise today.
as requested by the government to us during the lockdown.
In China, the death toll has risen to 3,2
Speaking to media after leaving the meeting of all political parties, Bah Passah said, “It was necessary to suspend all recruitment until everything became clear. so that there is no misunderstanding.
VPP President Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on Tuesday said that the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, should explain why he said that the VPP is playing with fire and that will burn everyone.
Explaining more about the proposed amendment to the Sixth Schedule, Joe said that this is the proposal of the ARC to approve to give more powers to the Governor, and to introduce the Municipal Council. He said that if more powers are given to the Governor, the time will come when even the smallest job will have to be done by the District Council. The Schedule is like removing the powers of the District Council to protect and protect the special rights of the people.
The final decision will be taken tomorrow afternoon after a meeting with the leading leaders of the Union, said a statement from the General Secretary of the Union.
It will also become one of the hospitals and many other necessities for the sick, those who come to take medicines and others will be available from this hospital”.
However, Bah Eugeneson hopes that these good things will come back for the best for football in India as a whole.
Many speak of what is not right.
Schools, Deficit, Adhoc, SSA and the MDM Association but these too have been silent.
The Government of Assam has also written.
The newly elected office bearers are President-Really S Nongspung, Vice-President-Roshan War, General Secretary-Shining Kharbihkhiew, Asst-GS-Arbiang Kam Kharsohrmat.
After the court gave permission, the police handed over the body of the child to the family members for further investigation. .
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Kmie, Shillong, Bah Don Dkhar today inaugurated the 2018 Anniversary Celebration of the Khasi Kmie Youth Association, Mawkhar Shillong.
Fr.Martin Shylla also urged the faithful to turn to the most important issues in the Christian life during this Lent season, namely, to draw closer to God, to be at peace with God and with fellow human beings.
He said he is ready to talk to any group and has already talked to the KSU, NEHU-SU, HYC, FKJGP and This has been done for the benefit of the youth of Meghalaya.
They also said that without the network, almost all the jobs are affected and in this age of technology they have to use mobile phones and even online jobs. They are no longer able to call or use many of the services that use Nerwork.
They should have thought about the dignity of their school but they were blinded just because of the seat fee.
Speaking to media, Agatha, daughter of Purno A Sangma, said that it is time to discuss development issues and for the sake of the state, not to bring they do not differ between each other.
The death toll has risen to
Many farmers have followed the old tradition of farming and rely on the mercy of nature.
Therefore, I hope that the top leaders of the party in the state will nominate me as a candidate to contest the elections next year.
Customize:In today's Khasi villages, the woman also takes care of the village.
“As it is when the people are really eager for change this is what you see, and so we feel confident that we will move towards success," he said.
Kharmujai has been a teacher for 20 years at Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Mawlai.
North Liberty HSS beat Kiang Nangbah HSS 3-0 while Govt Boys' HSS beat Ummulong Pres HSS 1-0
Shillong, November 02: BSF Meghalaya on Tuesday seized a truck carrying sugar (ML 04 C 5133).
for we have no Legislators.
The other match between Thangskai Tiger SC and Dhana SC ended in a 1-1 draw.
Yesterday alone, 1,060 people have been discharged from various hospitals and those undergoing treatment have risen to 7,760 and the death toll has risen to on Saturday.
Let us be careful not to fight here in Shillong which could affect the education of our youngsters across India.
The four Karate athletes who have been selected to represent the state at the tournament in New Delhi include Josanky Rympei (Men -50Kg Individual Kumite), Davyson Kharkongor (Men -50Kg Individual Kumite), Cheltis Shylla (Men -50Kg Individual Competition) and Ïalamphang Kharkongor (Men -75Kg Individual Competition).
The Duleep Trophy, the biggest tournament in the BCCI calendar, was played in seven zones.
“I have allocated T.3,539 crore to strengthen all the measures taken in the education sector including T.1,335 crore as grant-in-salary. He also allocated T.1,970 crore to strengthen all health facilities in the State including T.173 crore for MHIS. Road construction and infrastructure, electricity T.1558 crore, primary sector T.1,670 crore, urban sector T.934 crore and drinking water sector T.905 crore.
However, all this will become clear only at the Special Session and the appointment of this Committee by the Central Government shows that it really intends to achieve this.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The High Court on Thursday sent police for three days investigation into the death of former Organizing Secretary of the KSU Robert Jana Nongbet, Melvy Kharwanlang Lyngdoh.
I believe that Vietnam is a country I respect very much and I feel that we have a lot to learn from them,” said Conrad.
The HYC said that the FCI office has promised that if there are any jobs, they will provide jobs to the Khasi indigenous people. The General Manager to remind that from now on he should employ Khasi.
Momin said the kait has now been sold at a small market at Adokgre in Kharkutta, about 20 km from Daranggiri, and from Adokgre the kait has been exported to other states like Bihar. , Odisha, West Bengal and Nepal, as the kait has not been brought to Daranggiri in Assam.
She said that on Thursday she met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to discuss the demands of the teachers.
Conrad said that security has been stepped up in the border area at Khanduli and patrolling has been strengthened in the area to prevent any incident of lawlessness that affects the peace and order. .
The Khasi Hima are in harmony with the customs and traditions of the Khasi-Pnar people, from village affairs to raid and Hima-Sima affairs, especially in relation to the customs of village administration, the appointment of the Rangbah Shnong, the Raid Syiem and the Chief Executive Members.
“Shong pa, let's drink first,” said the son and went to the shop where he used to drink.
Therefore, you must not have anything to do with lyndet.
Such ones shall be regarded as ignorant of the good to come.
MEMRIWU has announced to end its strike today, saying that it will continue to strike until the Government immediately withdraws the GVK company.
The BWC and HNYF have cleaned and repainted the Mawbynna, which is also a witness on the border and welcomes those who come to Meghalaya. Mawbynna and Khilon in Khanapara were covered with snow.
The festival came to an end on the 23rd of June, 2017 in a grand manner.
In a statement, Kong Kharshiing said the party feels that such acts cannot be accepted in the society and the insurgents have no right to use force against them as they please.
She said that as of now, the state still needs to do more to address the problem of garbage from other appliances and garbage from households.
Dr. Saralin Dorphang is a doctor who has served the people of Mawhati Constituency as a Medical Officer and is also the fourth daughter of Bah PW Muktieh, former MLA and MDC of Mawhati. and who also held the post of Minister in the Meghalaya Government during the Congress Party rule.
Abraham commanded his servant to go and look for a wife for Isaac in his own country, not in a foreign land, and among his neighbors, not among the strangers (Gen. 24.4).
She alleged that all the confusion was caused by the attempt of Khamly Sariang, Doloi of Shiliang Myntang Elaka to confuse the residents on both sides.
The Currency Note Press, Nashik, prints the best banknotes in India and about 40 percent of India's banknotes are printed at the press in Nashik. at Bank Note Press, Dewas.
“What you need to do for yourself is determination and devotion, and you will find that opportunities will open up for you,” he urged the children. .
Answering a question by Mawkyrwat MDC Hadrian Lyngdoh in the KHADC dorbar tlang which ended yesterday, Kong Rona said that the reasons for this release are unknown. shyieng was done inside the courthouse.
“Just because we are in a shortage of paid, they want to do whatever they want, we will not allow them,” he said. Enjoy.
“It is surprising that the Governor of Meghalaya would admit that Meghalaya has grown well through this Government,” said the statement. Mukul Sangma has implemented the soh farm only because there is a marriage ceremony of his son on the farm.
Speaking to media, the CEM of the Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the arrear for this year alone has reached 80 lakh tyngka, including the arrear of five former MDCs. after winning the case in the High Court.
It cannot be said that the state has grown and developed in many areas in the last 50 years, but there are still many areas that need to grow and develop especially in income and the human race or the human indices.
The incident happened on Friday and police are still receiving information on Thursday.
The General Secretary of the National Trade Union (NTRA) will also take part in the strike tomorrow.
Here, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi came and the Monolith Festival has improved the Mawphlang area,” said Bah Lamphrang.
Even in this life, that is, in the body, unless we are clean, you cannot sit nearby because the power of darkness destroys it, but the clean is clean, beautiful, pure, clean. be rich in life.
He explained about the services of this group in the state.
Then came the thought of Mem's mother (my brother's wife).
There should be a sufficient number of teachers in all schools so that it does not affect the quality of education of the children.
The YLC has recommended to the Finance Minister to create job opportunities for the youth in education and other fields.
In an unprecedented incident in the history of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), the GHADC on Monday did not allow any media to hold its session.
The award is given to those who have scored 80% or above in the HSSLC and SSLC, while 70% or above in the Degree Course. different.
These wild elephants came into the village in the evening and as soon as they reached the village they attacked and destroyed the houses and immediately the villagers fled to safe places.
Bernie, the Formula 1 billionaire, has given birth to a son from his wife, Fabiana Flosi, 44, who gave birth yesterday.
Shillong, July 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo on Tuesday launched the Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) Scheme at a meeting held by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA) and the District Project Management Unit (DPMU), East Khasi Hills.
He said that the participation of the youth is very encouraging, not only once every five years to entertain the youth but once every five years before the election. Let us reap the fruits of victory in 2023 and let us be together while God is still able to carry the burden of the people.
The tournament has come to an end today after the boys and girls from different schools have been able to showcase their talents since the second day which was opened by Arpit. Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District.
And ye shall not go near the house of the rich.
In a statement, Adelbert said, “I have received the names of students who will study MBBS, BDS, BHMS, BASLP, BUMS & B.Sc Nursing according to the quota for the state for the year 2023-2
Nongstoiñ, March 08: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has been elected to the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency in Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. I spoke to the MLA of the area, Bah KP Pangniang, to ask him about his feelings on the existence of the party, as many of those who have joined the party, are people who have been involved in the party. and this MLA, especially the PDF candidate who will contest against him in the 2018 election.
The most important changes are the abolition of interviews for Group C and Group D posts, the conversion to computer-based examinations and the introduction of self-attestation of documents.
The Saudi Foreign Ministry said on the same day that the two armies had agreed to a ceasefire within the stipulated period as part of the advancement of the tasks and objectives.
He shall cooperate with the investigation team whenever required.
The union has also met with the Regional Manger Region-LLL to address this deduction of money from the depositors without their knowledge.
He also asked the PWD department why this road has not been constructed for many years, but in just a few months it has deteriorated again and this is a big question for many churches.
But they forsook their God, the God of Israel (Acts 7:42-43).
He said that taking measures to reduce the losses is a priority for MeECL so that this will benefit not only the employees of MeECL, but also the State. income, you will be able to do other things too.
They worked at a restaurant called One-Stop North East.
However, the situation is different in Sikkim because there is no board of its own because all the schools in Sikkim are affiliated to the CBSE or ICSE,” he said.
Next year, the festival will be held at Umtlieh, Raid Nongtung on the 13th and 14th October, 2015, said Bah B Lyngdoh as the Chairman of the committee.
Police, on receiving the incident, rushed to the scene and found that the auto rickshaw had been damaged and there were two other passengers in the auto. Rickshaws were injured, who were rushed to hospitals.
Kumbang said the purpose of the meeting was to demand from the government to abolish the Scheduled Tribe status of those tribals in Assam who have renounced their status. traditional, traditional life, customs, traditional rituals after conversion.
Sortok is the name of the city, Kam u Khla Wait knows you all.
He said the reason for the non-release of the money is because the MP elections have come after the Election Act.
Framework: The shruh-shruh is the shynrong of any body.
Prestone said the VPP should not waste time to mislead and mislead the people in the name of the nation.
On the occasion, Bah Neverson Makdoh, Member of the RBYF, along with Bah Shining Shadap, General Secretary of the RBYF, were present. RBYF Raid Nongtung Circle and others, in their speech after handing over these donations, said that the reason why the organization has donated to the school, is after they have received the donations. I saw that there were people inside the village, to get the necessary equipment inside the school.
We are in a country that respects unity despite differences and believes in impartiality to any religion,” said the four Lyngdohsads.
This is the first time something like this has happened.
She also called upon the day teachers in various schools in the State to take part in the protest if the Government does not pay their salaries.
When it was time for him to speak, he stopped himself, because everyone spoke Hindu and Zoramthanga said, “Everyone speaks Hindu and I don't understand a word of the language. hindi".
Therefore we do not expect 2.0 to be different from 1.0.
There is a verse that I sing: “In the synagogues I sit face to face, I boast that I am wise, In the subject or in the sermon, You look for a wise man who is not there.
In Bhoi District, there are 2 cases including one high risk contact and one case from outside.
According to Bah Pynshngain, the UDP has not yet announced its candidate, but it is only a media report.
The crab or bod is to combine two different trees, the main tree with strong stems and body and the clear tree with good fruit and clean.
They stay in homestays and spend money here.
This happened at about 6:45 PM after a man who arrived in a car, stopped in front of the Consulate and took out a gun from his body. They shot each other until they fell dead on the spot, without injuring anyone else.
This can be confirmed by the four villages in the Umshynrut area, which have been suffering from darkness without electricity for about four years.
Other candidates who filed their nomination papers include Marian Maring, BJP candidate from Nongpoh, Roswel Shadap from PDF Mawhati, Dr. Nicky J Syngkon from VPP. Forcastar Nongrang is the independent candidate from Jirang Constituency.
According to Starwin, the minister has promised to take action to discuss that government departments will implement the employment quota for the disabled as stipulated in the law.
Shillong, Lber, 7: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday launched the Climate Adaptive Community Based Water Harvesting Project at a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong. Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh and Minister of Soil and Water Conservation, Marcuise N. Marak. 350 hectares of land, 2500 hectares of other land and 12500 hectares of water wells.
A harmonious life is a life of mutual respect and dignity for fellow human beings and fellow creatures.
The Minister said that under the AMRUT, the Central Government has allocated up to T.119 crore for the implementation of the Williamnagar Water Supply Scheme.
The implementation of these rules and regulations in the village where there has been a case of COVID-19 and in the surrounding villages, is to prevent the rapid spread of the COVID-19 virus.
“We have conveyed to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that we do not support the smugglers but we convey that the legitimate traders in the district should not be affected,” said Nongrem.
God will hear from heaven and heal the country.
In fact, from the very beginning, when God created man on the seventh day.
R.Synrang Shahkhain SC and Byndihati SC have won the First Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
Shillong, Naitung 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government is not aware of the announcement of the Uranium Corporation of India (UCIL) in the state.
In another match, East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EDC) beat West Khasi Hills Cricket Association (DCA) by eight wickets.
The State Tuberculosis Officer Dr J Kharwanlang said that there will be 4974 cases of TB in 2022 and 4812 cases in
After extra time, Apbor Kurbah had a golden opportunity and didn't miss the chance and turned it into a goal in the 103rd minute.
Tomorrow, the state will celebrate the Republic Day like the rest of India. On that day, there will be many programs called by the government such as a race, various activities such as the dancing, throwing of coins, magic, musical instruments, which have been set aside to be held in their respective places.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 23: The District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO), Mawkyrwat today celebrated the National Oral Health Program (NOHP) and the National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP). ) with the students of St. Xavier's Umoid, South West Khasi Hills District where Dr. PM Nadon, District Nodal Officer of the National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP) was the explainer.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Hamsingh Suting, Chief Organizer of Mawkynrew Cup Committee, President of Nongshiliang Sport Club, Bah Ailestar Kharsohnoh, Secretary of Jongksha Village, Bah Biangkam Sohtun. Tournament, adults, parents, youth to children.
Kharjana said that because he is an intelligent person, she also blessed the Congress candidate.
BREEDING PIGS The selection of mother and father pigs is most important at the beginning (a) The mother pig must be inherited from a mother who has the following qualities such as (1) high yielding piglets at once (2) that knows how to care for the young and (3) that has a beautiful body structure.
One of the landslides occurred in Tongseng village where the earth and stones covered the road and caused traffic jam.
Nongstoiñ, March 20: As part of the celebration of the independence of the State, the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries Nongstoiñ, on Tuesday inaugurated the Fish Sanctuary at Nongshram, Mawshynrut Block. Fish Kiosk in Shallang Block.
Furthermore, Bah Jyrwa said that if they cannot earn to support their families, it is better for them to stay on hunger strike, even if they have to die.
On the other hand, Babu Kular Khong Jirem said that if the government accepts and says that education is the top priority of the government to improve, then it should call for talks to resolve the issue. many demands as teachers.
“I resigned from the Congress because of him, because we don't have time to say anything,” he said.
These two members of the party who escaped on that day were among the 10 persons arrested in the clash with the police and they include Faststar Umbah and Wailad Suting. .
Speeches were delivered by Adrian C. Mylliem, Banshan Myrchiang and Vincent H. Pala as the chief guests.
At the same time, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) of the city said that the District Police are ready and warned to take strict action against those people who want to disrupt the peace. and they shall dwell in the whole city.
We used to say that an honorable household is one in which the father does not blame the mother and the mother does not blame the father's shortcomings in front of people.
In the second leg, Kerlang Tlang of Khliehriat West YWSC beat Moolamanoh SC 3-1 in the 16th minute. Embor Lamare in the 23rd & 55th minutes.
Therefore, our prayer is that God will breathe a new spirit into us and in the midst of darkness and gloom, let us hear the same voice of God saying, To Nang iaid Shaphrang.
Pentecost is the descent of the Holy Spirit, seven months or fifty days after Jesus died and rose again.
“If we get the ILP, that's good, but if we don't get it, how can we move forward, what are the other options? All these issues will be discussed, and as I said, the most important thing is the illegal entry of mynder and the protection of minority status,” he said.
“Therefore, although we don't have a branch office of the MSPCB, the authority has to look after the pollution of the air,” he said. bor, we can collect counts even if we don't have an office in the area”.
VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as soon as the Governor started speaking in Hindi, he stood up and said that the state is not a state that speaks this language.
She said that this area is located in a quiet area and far from the villages compared to the current situation in Iawmusiang, Jowai where garbage from all over the place has been dumped in Iawmusiang.
When we are tired from various activities, whether physical or mental, and when we go to sleep, we sleep until we are tired.
Six members of the National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) have surrendered to the security forces on the 4th of this month. of the state.
“We have received detailed information that the ULFA has trained GNLA members to make IED bombs. The ULFA has also trained GNLA members,” Hananam told reporters. speaking on Saturday.
He said that the delegation to private companies to collect fuel bills by calling tenders has been implemented in some parts of the state including Khasi and Garo Hills.
Nongpoh: At the end of the 2nd Berchem Cup Open Basketball Tournament, Shillong Labet won the title of the 2nd Berchem Cup Open Basketball Tournament. women and men alike.
Shillong:The Department of Arts and Culture, today, 18th November 2022, organized a workshop on the customs and traditions of Wahkhen Village. according to the customs and traditions that have been established since ancient times.
Nongpoh, July 11: BJP General Secretary Kisan Mocha, Rajkumar Chahar today visited Umbuda, Nongpoh to meet with BJP leaders and many farmers' organizations. to encourage the farmers and to strengthen the BJP party in Nongpoh Constituency.
Recently, the government has released a list of 2,000 trucks seized from illegal coal transportation.
The UDP and the entire family have been preparing for the Legislative Assembly elections on the 27th. , February.
Nongbri (Nongjri) FT scored the first goal in the 22nd minute through Land Lynhuid and the second goal in the 35th minute. u Shano Darien.
But one day we are not like him.
This issue is very important because the job of security and to provide peace and order as it is now to arrest the elderly is not easy because the job of the police is to be for the strong and young. which means beating protests or even running.
Khliehriat, Nailar 23: Police on Tuesday arrested Issei Sungoh from his residence in Dkhiah East, Lad Sutnga for involvement in the rape of children and a youth. Through Facebook to collect the money he demanded from a resident of a village under the jurisdiction of Lumshnong Police Station.
The email was also sent to various courts in the country.
Nehimaia said that in 2002 a woman from Mukroh village lost her brother and this year she lost her husband.
The parents of the child had left Mairang for Marbisu village in their own vehicle and when they reached Umsohiong village, the father of the child, Bah Wanjingshai Sun, ordered them to driver to stop the car on the side of the road in order to buy chips for his son.
The program was concluded with the performance of the National Anthem by the Meghalaya Police Cultural Troupe.
Kriti Sanon, who took part in Karan Johar's KWK show, has said that she has nothing to do with Alia's career in films. Besides, many of the films she has taken part in have been beautiful and loved by the audience.
The winners of the medals were: 1) Tanya Kumari Gold-2Kg Sub-Junior Girls Kumite2) Pyniohnam Myrboh Silver-30kg Sub-Junior Boys Kumite3) Bashanskhemkupar Nongkhlaw – Silver -35kg Boys Sub-Junior Kumite Alfinia Wariri – Bronze -25kg Sub-junior Girls Kumite5) Edaka Warjri – Bronze -20kg Sub-junior Girls Kumite6) Sesilia Dkhar -Bronze-45kg Sub-Junior Girls Kumite7) Rijanai Ryndong -Bronze -47ke Junzemi Bronzen Daosong Girls) Kumite -30kg Sub-Junior Boys Kumite9) Bansahnam Nongbet – Bronze -35kg Sub-junior Boys Kumite10) Kyrshanbor.
Ms Ampareen expressed her happiness and congratulated the Symbud Myntri Rangbah for being willing to visit the progress of the project.
“We request everyone to remember us in our prayers for the school and the students,” said Rev WP Marbaniang, Moderator, KJP Synod Sepngi.
They are still just kids.
Pynshngain said the EC has gone beyond the customs of the Khasi by appointing an Acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima a child of 20 years and 9 months, which is against the law of the Khasi Hima. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya Athletic Association (MAA) will take part in the 59th National Open Senior Athletic Championship in Ranchi Jharkhand for the first time from 10th to 14th of this month.
In many chess tournaments that require counting, we have found that our youngsters have performed well in chess.
It was then that Rida had to tell how it was.
He said that in this final round the match is very tough and now there are only three teams to play and two teams with the highest points to qualify for the I-League this year. 2024.
The reasons for the excitement were to see the Chief Minister and the helicopter face to face which are usually seen only in the air and in pictures.
The DC also directed the CEO of Jowai Municipal Board, Inspectors of Supply Department and all BDOs to conduct awareness training to the public on the dangers of using plastic bags.
Nongpoh, October 18: The body of Rymphang Marwein, who passed away on October 16, 2013, has been found at the Civil Hospital Shillong. There was no one from the household who came.
Even the heart (Sor Shillong) of our Khasi Hills, the authorities have taken over, look at the Metor, we have seen that the Punjab Khar are very angry and they are very willing to show their power even. The State Government and the people of Hynniewtrep.
There is no leader; the children of the nation shall be in darkness; kick arsut you shitom you punish; There is nothing wrong with the people.
'This shows that there is no good governance, and there will be no development of the country without peace and stability. “We cannot remain silent anymore,” said the letter sent to Modi.
Many will join us but have yet to be revealed.
However, they did not disclose the name of the owner of the house as investigations are ongoing.
The meeting discussed how to further strengthen cooperation in the field of cricket and other related activities between the seven states, which was led by Naba Bhattacharjee, President of the MCA and Founder and Co-Convener of the Council.
This will reduce the dispute on the border side. This scheme helps to improve the land allocation system according to the present era but does not change the land tenure system that has been used to date.
Risingbor received a Certificate of Appreciation for his participation in a workshop on the making of traditional musical instruments organized by the Government of Meghalaya (2008).
"Bah Shanbor asked Lydia, "I don't know what to do because I just sent you to say that..." Lydia replied. Because of Lydia's beautiful appearance, even Bah Shanbor wanted to sit with her.
This article is about the debate that took place at the first session of the State Legislative Assembly in
Shillong: About 15 persons have shot dead the Waheh Shnong of Muskut village at 4.00 pm this morning. He was seriously injured and was taken to the Civil Hospital Ialong Jowai for treatment. send care.
“We have no problem with Meghalaya, and we respect the people of the state.
After the mother of the child met her daughter, the child told the whole story of the incident against her and said that her father had insulted and raped her.
According to the order, all Government offices in the district have been allowed to open.
Sharma is located in Polo Market, Shillong.
The tournament was organized in collaboration with the Tata Trusts, the Meghalaya Football Association and the All India Football Federation.
Khliehriat, Nailur 21: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) today inspected two government projects in East Jaintia Hills District. One in Byndihati and one in Umtyra have been abandoned without implementation for many years after the construction. the condition of abandoned buildings.
The final match between the two teams was very friendly and lively with the participation of thousands of people from the area including the elderly, women, youth and children. small.
The speakers on the occasion were Clara Jones Jala, Christina Bareh, Kyrshan Lating, Aiborlang G Marbaniang, Shanbor Syiem, Gulzar Borbhuiya, Nagma Khatoon and Pynbhalang Nongsiej.
Police have lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators.
The soldiers in their FIR admitted that they stopped the motorcycle but it tried to run away. At that time, he said, he heard a sound and saw a fire coming from the vehicle. the motorcycle which looked like it was a bullet shot so the soldiers opened fire on the motorcycle, and they claimed that the incident was only due to mistaken identity.
Tynsong said they have held many meetings with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
He said that this action of the police should not happen again as the children of teachers and poor female teachers are still in fear and affected by the bomb blasts. smile.
this is not opened by vpp.
Shillong: The Excise Department and the DC East Khasi Hills Office today raided liquor shops and restaurants around Motphran and Iewduh.
The opening ceremony was attended by the members of the Club, the Committee Shnong, the Members of the VDP, the Rangbah Shnong who is also the Sordar of the Raid Mawshun, the former players. Children, Youth, Mothers and Fathers along with the two teams will compete on the opening day of the tournament.
After receiving the letter and examining the documents, the Committee has invited the complainants to appear in affidavits or to meet in person on the appointed date.
Recalling, on 18th July 1943, a speech on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Mahadeo Govind Ranade, Babasaheb said: “Society when faced with difficulties must find new ways.
The Minister said that the state government has taken seriously this issue and they are now waiting for the decision of the Mawphlang Hima.
He said that there is no need to be afraid of money as the project can also be implemented through PPP. The government has set a deadline for the NBCC to complete the design before October 9,
‘I felt amazing using this method.
Women should be wise like a dove: We live in this age of social media today, the age of technology often brings sadness when we don't know how to judge The road you are walking on leads to life, knowing that in the end it is death.
Sohra recorded 673.6 mm and RKM recorded 680.8 mm.
There are currently 40 cases of coronavirus, or Delta plus, which doctors say is a disease of great concern and named the disease, which they are worried about lane variant of concern (VOC).
On the other hand, the CM has set the price at 68 tyngka per kilo but the order of the CM has not been implemented.
For the BJP, the country comes first and works hard to benefit the people,” he said.
The Dorbar Shnong has also submitted a petition to the DC to provide a new Dorbar Hall for the village.
Boys H/S School will play against North Liberty H/S School at 1 pm.
New Delhi: Congress President Sonia Gandhi today left for the United States for medical treatment.
However, it is recalled that at a public meeting at Madan Student, on 30th November 2013, Joe Marwein, leader of the FKJGP, spoke publicly and accused the leaders of the party, who Eldy Newton Lyngdoh and Reginald Thabah, were arrested and charged with charges unrelated to the activities of these leaders. The Sengbhalang, until today, has not commented on the curfew called by the HNLC. (by Collin Wanñiang) “Christmas” which we use today to refer to the Day of the Child Jesus is understood to have been translated into the Khasi language through the English “Christmas”.
The Open category means that it is not open to anyone; This means that everyone can enter the open category, if the Khasi gets 90% and other ethnic groups get 89%, it should go to the one who comes first, regardless of the special category.
Regarding these problems, they urged the government authorities and the leaders to take action to build a road in the village, so that the people can escape from the problems in coming and going and transportation. .
He said that in two districts he has already spoken to the Deputy Commissioners to strengthen the training and to raise awareness among the residents on the dangers of this disease.
The documentary film, which will be screened on both days of the programme, will also be accompanied by the holding of one of the competitions Ka Lukhimai and Nai Khatsaw Synñia. and also the performance of dances and songs by the youth of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij Shillong, who have never heard or known such things, but those who are still in the country are still taking care of them. that is, the longdien that is now.
Speaking to reporters, Ialam admitted that what the HNYF has alleged is true.
He said that since the division of Jaintia Hills and the creation of East Jaintia Hills district in 2012, the sad thing is that government departments have not been able to provide full services to the people and most of the departments are at home. wai bad I as if they were lost.
This information came from the relatives.
Allegedly, the NPP and the BJP are one and the same, Saleng recalled that the BJP and the RSS have insulted many minorities like Dalits, Adivasis and Christians living there. in the country.
Not only that, the school authorities don't listen to the government and demand their own school fees and this is true, because they have to pay house fees, light fees, teachers' fees and others. many other claims.
Furthermore, we would like to clarify that the error was not intentional but an error in the invitations distributed to all 100 participants.
The seized goods were handed over to the Custom officers at Dangar for further investigation.
KSU Narpuh Circle, JSU Umlong Unit and others have said that the presence of factories in the area poses a serious threat to the country and the country. Therefore, the government, the village authorities, should no longer think only of the money or the present benefit, but should also think of the environment, the environment and the future heritage.
In a statement from his visit to Kolkata, Sanbor demanded that the President of the BJP Meghalaya should punish him for supporting the speech against the BJP. , and others feel that the BJP is an anti-Christian party, why do they have and cooperate with the BJP,” said Bah Sanbor.
For the judges and leaders of the Synod, Assembly and all Churches, may God grant enlightenment and wisdom on how to move forward, amidst the changes and struggles that come with this pandemic.
The Khasi people are a rich people in terms of culture.
The Rangbahshnong of Mojem said that even the missionary teachers who wanted to collect their salaries from Jowai were not allowed to leave.
The Parliamentary Standing Committee was chaired by P Bhattacharya and included S Banerjee, Ankit Bhatia, Chandrakant Khaire, Dilip Patel, Bheem Rao Patil, DK Mishra, Nagarajan P Ramen Deka, Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, Prem Singh Chandumajra, uS. All Chinese are members of Parliament.
About 45 tanks of water were used in fighting the fire.
It is on this basis that he and his colleagues left the Congress party to join the NPP because they see that only that party can come to power.
The three caskets in a final tribute with Povlsen, who comforts his wife.
These insects cannot ryngkang that kharai.
Tomorrow, the day of Musiang, the Kmai Raij will take these Deiñkhlam to erect in many villages, while the Raij children will take the 'Symbood Khnong' to erect at the head of the village (Chilliang). Raij) and the 'Khnong Blai' shall be brought to Sawiar so that the Dalloi shall give the Khnong Blai to Kñi Nikhla to perform the rituals.
Achiever's Sec School will play against JNV School at 12.30 pm.
Speaking to Rupang, these students expressed their surprise at the delay in Delhi since returning from Jammu and Kashmir and expressed their regret that they have not been able to write their internal examinations. Their exam.
On the 31st of June, the Kbai Mooknor of the Raij Jowai was held under the leadership of the Dolloi of Jowai District, the Chief Religious Officer, the Pator, the Langdoh, the Sangot, the Wasan, the Phrakur Phrakmai and the Waheh Wasian. They went out to the market to announce to the world that the Lehniam Behdieñkhlam had begun.
The rally will be held on the 5th of November.
Police are conducting investigation to find out more about the incident.
Tura: The owner and headmistress of a private school in Tura, has been charged with failing to write examinations for two brothers, because their parents did not attend the examination. pat paid school fees, for two months.
Shillong, Lber 09: UDP MLA from Sohra, Bah TW Chyne, on Tuesday said that the Congress-led state government has been trying to resolve the border issue with Assam, but in fact it is clear that Assam has You can cross the border with Meghalaya.
I don't know what I'm going to do and what I have to do.
On the other hand, the village leaders who gave their speeches expressed their gratitude to the MLA for taking the initiative to bring about various development works in the constituency for the benefit of the people.
“God has given us the talent and we must use the talent and God will help us,” said Fr Devasia.
The Israelites or the Jews did not see the truth of these things that God had done, they did not see the great signs that God had done in Israel, God had done many miracles even until they passed through to the Red Sea, but they did not understand.
Shillong, March 18: The Lumdiengjri Women's Wing, Shillong will hold a cleanliness drive tomorrow, March 19,
The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills District said that in the raid which started in July 2024, the Excise Police have raided the shops. 76.5 liters of pyrsi and 146.145 liters of phareng were seized from 13 places.
Singapore police on Tuesday arrested a suspect involved in the smuggling of cannabis, in which the department has ignored the request of foreign and international authorities. of the country to release the thief from imprisonment but to impose other punishments.
The ceremony was attended by the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Ministers and others.
Khliehriat November 15: The residents of Sutnga Elaka under the leadership of the Environment Coordination Committee, today marched with slogans against coke and slogans against coke factories. The Deputy Commissioner's office in Khliehriat, witnessed that hundreds of people including women and men came to take part in this march.
Churches without the Spirit are like a body without life.
He said that even in the past years, students in Meghalaya have been exempt from having to write this examination due to the lack of examination centers and even now the state still has a shortage of centres. However, the interesting thing is that all the other districts in the state have their own examination centers in Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
He announced that the work will be completed by November this year.
In the final of the 2nd Division, Golflink 11 Stars won the title by beating Metallica CC by 12 runs. 121 runs, nine wickets lost at the end of 20 overs.
Himanta congratulated the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for supporting the cooperation between the two states and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) for the construction of Karbi Hemtun for the benefit of the people. The Karbi people came to Shillong.
He said that the public also has the right to hear and listen to the speeches, principles and ideas of the parties and candidates. and the Model Codes of Conduct.
Alexander Lyngdoh has a physical disability but he has the ability to become a prominent wrestler who has been elected from the State of Meghalaya.
The cameramen of the song are Bhakupar Lamare and Kamwamut Lamare and the song is edited by Comingstar Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh, Naitung 13: In an unexpected incident, the owners of a stone crusher in Killing have lost T.1.9 lakh, after a group of robbers came to rob. The robbers used wooden weapons to recover the money from the quarry at Killing under Khanapara Police Station in Ri Bhoi District.
“We have a responsibility to you and your family and we want to help you so that you and your families.
Therefore, the pork of grace through the Holy Spirit is also nearing its end, because God does not fight forever with man.
He said that the state government is monitoring this issue and the Indian government should release the provisions of these two laws in the state so that the people can own the resources and land. sand.
Besides the owner of the truck, he has lodged a complaint with the Assam Police and informed the Meghalaya Police. I was arrested from Nongpoh.
Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva was named Player of the Match after scoring 74 not out in the first innings and 100 runs in the second innings. had scored 204 runs.
The management of the company which is constructing the road, while talking to this reporter, said that from Nongstoiñ to Rambrai there are still some parts that have not been completed. shimpor are only bridges.
Therefore, the HNYM appeals to the government especially the Social Welfare Department, the leaders of the area to turn around and look after this family who is facing this problem.
There are also reports that Bhansali may ring in July or November.
The Minister added that while the national growth rate is 36%, Meghalaya has achieved 41%.
A book entitled “Celebrating Inclusive Innovations” was also launched in the presence of the Chairman of the Steering Committee of CIPS and the Director General (I/c), Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI). ), Hyderabad.
ITU Secretary General Houlin Zhao presented the award to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, at the WSIS Forum Prizes 2022 held in Geneva, Switzerland on Tuesday.
According to Sangma, he has already held talks with the chief ministers of the North East.
Speaking to reporters, Bah RL Blah said that the Union of Village Authorities has urged the Meghalaya government not to allow the youths who have returned from other states to do ' quarantine' at home, but the government should send them to quarantine at places designated by the government.
Pynshngain Bareh of Jalaphet Sutnga village has won the 57kg flyweight category by defeating John Darlong of Bidang MMA Guwahati in the second round. you can submit Arm Bar.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP, said that the FKJGP has lodged a complaint with the EE of PWD after receiving many complaints from the people. of the villages that use these roads, because just because of the delay by the contractor to build these roads, has caused the people to face many difficulties in coming and going.
When the Sordar in charge of the crematorium, who is also a Muslim, was searched for investigation into the incident, he could not be found and he is still at large.
Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the four Congress MLAs have decided that it is better to remain as MLAs alone and will not continue to take part in this drama to answer the questions. The AICC has decided to suspend and send a showcause notice to four Congress MLAs who have supported the MDA government. On the other hand, Amapareen Lyngdoh said that she has nothing to worry about when she has decided to support the MDA government, as many of the jobs that have been completed have been completed. You are now in the constituency.
In his speech, the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, expressing his gratitude to be able to participate in the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the district, said that He said that the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has given the opportunity to Remember the hard work of all those who have achieved the aspiration of the people of the area to get their own district which was opened on the 10th of November
The Nongsawlia Church will also be the host of the 175th Anniversary Celebration, which will be held this year in November
In the same letter of appointment, Rahul appointed Victor Keishing from Manipur to look after Meghalaya.
“Ale ale Niakha...” I asked from face to face. “How are you...?” I asked, “I'm strong, Niakha...” She replied, “I'm sorry, Niakha.
“I have left the party since 2004,” said the former GS of the HNYF.
Jowai, Naitung 31 : The Phawa Siangshai Seng Kmie Kur to encourage and congratulate Shanborlang Siangshai, one of the wrestlers of the state, who will represent the country in Almaty, Kazakhstan. The 2023 World Arm Wrestling Championship will be held in April.
Sutnga Narwan MDC Seiborlang Shadap has donated football jerseys to the Lumsashram Village Council last month.
AICC Coordinator Takam Sanjoy, former MP from Arunachal Pradesh, has slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for alleging that the withdrawal of money is a punishment for the poor people of the country.
However, the French did not join their country, but began to treat the Khasi as their slaves.
The committee will visit three districts in East Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills on the 21st of this month. , 22 and 23 of this month to find out all the facts.
D'souza said Suchana Seth was silent during the journey and stopped at one place to buy drinking water and when there was a traffic jam on the Goa border. and Karnataka, which lasted for four hours, but Seth did not respond.
The arrear and DA payment are also received after the government employees have received a new one, that is, they are still releasing the teachers.
And this has happened now God has heard and answered our prayers because he has truly healed those who have this disease in our state.
She also explained how to know about the laws and regulations that the presence of the District Legal Service Authority (DLSA) office in Mawkyrwat will help the poor especially those who are poor. If they encounter any persecution, through lawyers or police officers, they can receive free assistance to those people who need assistance in many areas such as disaster relief. in the forces of nature, persecution, or persecution in human rights in many areas in accordance with the laws laid down.
Like those ancient kings of the god Jupiter who did not eat the thlong, when the thlong came, those who came out were eaten.
The program was conducted by Teras Dkhar, President of the Dkhar Association, East Jaintia Hills District. encourage the office bearers and students of the kur who are on the border.
He said that if the witnesses are asked to go, the law will go.
In just 10 years, it has changed dramatically and this shows that people have increased rapidly in the way they use the Internet compared to tens of billions in 10 years.
Two goals for Mawlai came through Basaiawmoit in the 25th minute and Ideibanri Kharpan in the 46th minute.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 7 cases including 6 high risk cases and one case from outside.
Shullai also advised the Congress and AITC leaders to seek thorough information before making allegations and if they cannot fulfill their election promises, they should not try to raise such issues. only to deceive the voters in the name of religion.
“It is for this reason that the state has declined in economic growth,” said Robert. He said that states like Assam and Bihar are lagging behind like Meghalaya and in Assam like Meghalaya. Prime Minister Tarun Gogoi has received the budget.
Many of the residents of Mawlam, Mawlyndun, Lumwahniai and other villages who have been affected by the storm and cold in these days, have expressed their disappointment with the government's orders.
He said that during the meeting with the village leaders, all the Rangbah Shnongs have expressed that they have taken action and some are planning to start and some have already started.
Know who gave him advice.
The meeting was also attended by the EMs, Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima, Bah Ainam Manik Syiem, Ministers and Officers of KHADC. , but currently 24 are being implemented.
Police station along with sports grounds and others.
"This is the intelligence skills of the Modi police," Gokhale said.
Star Cement and Topcem Cement also donated foodgrains to the Rangbah Shnongs and Church Leaders in Jowai, Nongstoin and Shillong.
The MDA Government through its spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh has urged the HNLC not to withdraw from the peace talks.
In another incident, police said they have arrested two HNLC members who raised HNLC flags in 2019 and who were also planning to blow up a coke factory. in Christchurch.
The rally was held at Stand Umulong near Jowai Police Station, Iawmusiang, where all the leaders of the party expressed their strong condemnation of the violence of the Assam police and also condemned the inability of the party. The Meghalaya government has decided to resolve the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam which has been going on for 50 years.
He said that we should no longer say that we are poor farmers, we don't have the opportunity to eat our own food because the food is available in our villages.
Bah Pynïaid said that the setting up of the gates is because there are foreign vehicles carrying goods without permits, and added that the setting up of the gates is in accordance with the you have a place.
The incident happened on the 13th of this month at Nein Shnong, Mihmyntdu.
He said that in more than 50 years since its inception, it has stood firm on the rights of the indigenous people and the principles that have been established since then have not moved.
The incident happened last night at Mookyndur village where the body of Edi Shylla was found this morning from a well in the village.
Shillong: The All India Postal Employees Union (AIPEU) has intensified its strike indefinitely. today by passing a procession with a placard.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh in her reply to the Dorbar Synrai.
Shillong: The Minister of PHE and MLA of Mawkyrwat constituency, Bah Renikton Tongkhar, today said that the CM has withdrawn the recognition of the road from Mawphlang to Ranikor which will pass through Mawkyrwat. like the National Highway (NH).
Remember! Now I say, I warn you, If you take money, you will get it.
The RBSU Central Body in a statement through Bah Everjoy Nongpluh, President, strongly condemns the illegal smuggling of foreigners into Baridua village, Raid Marwet. It has been from the days of Puja until these days.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is true that some projects have been suspended but it has not happened to many projects.
Let us try to drive out that land which God has prepared for those who do His will.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has announced that she will earn up to Rs 6 lakh crore by handing over railways, airports, roads and stadiums to the private sector.
On the other hand, Bah Pius Marweiñ urged the people who are new to the UDP Party not to feel new in the party but they are the owners. the same party.
Shillong: The Advisory Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting to discuss the agreement between the Khasi Hima and the Government of India through the Annexed Agreement (AA) and the Instrument of Accession (IoA). .
The Officers Club of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat strongly condemns the tragic incident which happened at 3.20 pm where a government vehicle was damaged by unknown persons. to recognize.
Vincent H. Darlong, Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University, who was the chief guest, said that the presence of trees helps to produce air and beautify the environment.
Shillong, November 13: The Shillong Traffic Police on Tuesday destroyed 181 modified silencers seized from drivers of four wheelers and two wheelers motorcycles in various raids.
and because they did this, do that—this is what always comes out".
On this occasion, it was seen that the people had brought sound equipment to call upon Bah Synshar to speak on this issue as he said during the election campaign, in order to support the strike. Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit in front of the Additional Secretariat.
He also directed the Village Authorities, VDPs and other organizations to be vigilant in the villages and townships so that no one should violate these trainings.
Haka your speech; Mawlong explained that the PMJJBY is an insurance scheme where a person between the ages of 18 and 50 years can contribute only 330 tyngka per annum (about 10 tyngka per day) and his family members can contribute only 330 tyngka per annum. up to 2 lakh tyngka in case of death.
Sources said that these State Council Members will soon leave for Delhi to talk face to face with the party leaders on the leadership position in the state.
A leader who has seen the rot of the syar, but is not quick to take only a synsar, to clean up quickly, the rot will reach the people quickly which has appeared to the people of our beloved state (where First : For the Khasi Jaintia 208 marks, while for the Garo 188 marks.
She said the Cabinet has also amended the OMs of the Reservation Policy issued by the state government in the past years.
Meghalaya's next match will be against Mizoram which will start on 16th November.
The categories will be Open for Men & Women Singles/Doubles, Mixed Doubles, 35+ Men Singles/Men Doubles and 55+ Men Singles & Men Doubles.
Furthermore, the residents were angry because they could not find the line man installed in the village and they did not know where he was.
This is higher than the 2018 election in Sohiong which was 90.46 percent.
“If tomorrow there is any dispute or disagreement on any issue, I am sure that the district councils will go straight to the courts and because para 4 and 5 of the Sixth Schedule has The powers and authority of the District Council Courts have been clearly stated.
On July 2, 2022, some Badminton players sent a petition and appealed before the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State and demanded that the decision be quashed.
Nongbri said that the man who lodged a complaint with the police that his daughter Sumi Sinha had been abducted by the contractors was not a resident of Kulang.
Mr.S.Pajuh (Joint Secretary) welcomed the guests.
Louis said the present government, the Meghalaya Demon Alliance, is a demon government, as Prestone Tynsong has admitted, to collaborate with demons.
I feel like I'm crazy, I'm staying here, even if I have enough food, I need to go to work, but I don't have income only out going, I'm suffering like this.
At the same time, the RAM has informed that in 2016, a person named D.Nongrum joined the party as a General Member, but this person has left the party. the same year.
The incident shocked the police, as the CoMSO, claimed to be conducting a protest, but it was reported that Henry, is the brother-in-law of Robertjune Kharjahrin, who He is the supreme leader of CoMSO and HYC.
“According to the 2011 report, Block I has an area of ​​537.54 Sq Km and Block II has more than 1000 Sq Km. The demarcation will be only for the 13 villages which were established in 2011 which means 70% of the villages in Block I and Block II have been lost. Rangbah Conrad Sangma said that the demarcation will be only for the villages which have been included in the 2011 report which means that many of the villages which the Mukul government has not included will not be discussed but They were not allowed to enter Assam.
I just thought that we were too busy to look at others and she turned around,” said the father in a thoughtful manner.
Phulbari Police conducted a thorough search and finally found them from a house in Bangalkata village.
Sagar, who won the silver medal at the CWG 2022, of Railways defeated Navjot Singh of Chandigarh in the 92kg super heavyweight category.
“Even the AICC has said that they will look for a person who agrees to replace the leader but they don't have one. Dr Mukul has a large number of MLAs who support him, so how can you overthrow him?” Speaking to reporters, Bah Lapang said:
The Superintendent of Tura Civil Hospital, Dr. Menakshi A. Sangma, said that Balsan was in good condition yesterday but according to the records, he died on Tuesday. in the morning and he was very sick.
Furthermore, no leading office bearers of the party who hold higher positions in the Central Body were seen with these candidates on the nomination day.
The Nodal Officer of the meeting will be Martina Lyttan, MCS. The HNLC spokesperson, Bah Sadon K.Blah, said that the party has not yet taken any decision on the request. The State Government has discussed with its leading leaders.
There were also other land owners, who said that this action of the MeECL department is very wrong as it has been living on its land for decades and has already registered. There is nothing wrong with the land but in this case the State Government has decided to build the road. nor shall this department be allowed to take its place.
In this regard, due to the absence of some leaders to attend the meeting scheduled for the 12th, it was postponed to the 23rd July.
Poverty has increased, income inequality has increased and jobs have not brought happiness to life.
The MLA of Nongstoiñ while discussing with the farmers after inspecting the rice fields in Umyiap area.
She said that by the next hearing on the 30th of July this year, the matter should be completed.
It is not useful for teachers or students to complain, blame the traffic police or anyone else if they do not know the root cause of the traffic jam.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Donbok said that the party has already conducted a raid to check the foreigners who live in KHADC. who live within the border of Ri Khasi whether they have proper documents including Labor License and Trading License.
She said that this Shlem Jingtip has been prepared and worked hard for the past 1 year as a sign of preserving the customs and traditions.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The construction of the Shillong-Dawki road, which has faced many obstacles after a while of construction, has now been completed and the work is now progressing smoothly. , without don't have to worry about it.
The money worth T.1.5 crore was seized from Barpeta, where it was seized from a railway employee and kept at the residence of Debraj Das, who is a railway employee. Technical Supervisor of Railway Department.
Here in our state there is the sin of corruption, the sin of greed, the sin of pride, the sin of righteousness, the sin of deceit, the sin of insulting others, the sin of violence, the sin of murder, the sin of stealing, the sin of lying. the sin of robbery, the sin of greed, the sin of fighting, the sin of domestic warfare, the sin of destruction of the environment, the sin of greed,...Mutual respect and love for others is no longer there.
The FIBA ​​U-16 Asian Championship to be held in Doha, Qatar will serve as a qualifier for the FIBA ​​U-17 Basketball World Cup to be held in Turkey from 29 July to 7 November
This introduction of Christianity also brought light.
These religious leaders apparently say that Meghalaya is a Christian State and this statement has nothing to do with the statement of the RSS leader. They don't understand that they are drunkards or drunkards or religious people, but they feel that their own speech is right and wrong. and the speech of others is entirely incorrect and misguided.
He said that there was no complaint from the patient as she did not know about the incident and there was no complaint.
The handover ceremony was attended by KSU Namdong Unit President Chanbor War and General Secretary Juhhi Tariang and several members of the Unit.
Josper S Dura (taken from the magazine 'KA PANSARA' of January, 1986 published by Ma Justman Kharmih, Jaintia Hills Jowai) I don't have anything to eat in the stool.
There are some types of vaccines that need to be given more often to help your body make more antibodies to fight the disease.
At the meeting held at Chynrem Rim Village, Sylhet-4 MP Constituency, Bangladesh and overlooking Umsyiem and Dawki, the Khasi residents of Bangladesh, from the villages of Sylhet-4 MP Constituency, Bangladesh, Those who have been counted for about 1000 years since Syiem Bordoloi Manik Syiem, Syiem of Jaintiapur, have expressed their desire to be in India, and even the names of the voters. They also said that they want to take them to India if possible, but as of now they have voter registration cards in Bangladesh, as they are also full citizens of Bangladesh.
The government has a lot of interest but as the SSA is a scheme supported by the state government, we have to wait for the central government to get the money,” he said.
The final match of the MLA Cup between United Shallang FC and Balbarian Sports Club Rongjeng was also played on the same day.
When asked whether this will affect the relationship between the UDP and the NPP, Titos said, “I have nothing to say on the relationship within the state.
Besides increasing the expansion of land, Nepal also wants to change the seal of the country.
Meanwhile, the Chief Engineer of PHE, Bah SK Sunn, said that the department will install all the water pipes to the households to supply water from the Mawpat and Nongmynsong water supply schemes.
Referring to the invitation, which was celebrated on the occasion of the Grade 'A' award from the NAAC, Conrad K Sangma expressed his delight to see a university from Meghalaya to receive the award. Grade 'A' and said that this is one of the goals of the universities in the state, which have started to showcase to the world that they are skilled in the field of road training to the students. .
As mentioned above that a clean environment is the source of health, the government needs to take effective measures to take care of the environment.
“We are very sorry for Tynsong's statement.
Last Friday, robbers kidnapped Iqbal Rafique and demanded from his relatives to pay up to T.5 crore for his release.
Over the years, young players from the state have also had the opportunity to play in major tournaments in the country including the Durand Cup, Indian Super League (ISL) I-League and others.
Most of the time we agree, but when we don't agree, we turn to other books to understand from another perspective.
Nongpoh, March 04 : To promote the talents of the youth in the field of football and to showcase their talents, the Nongpoh Sports Association today opened the football tournament. The Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2022 was held at the NSCA Mini-Stadium, Pahamsyiem.
The village leaders, when they saw the court orders of these two groups from the same church, immediately went to meet the BDO in Umsning, in order to get a written notice to bury the deceased. The BDO has sent the matter to the DC Ri Bhoi, but in the end these two groups have not been able to send any letter to the village.
Nongpoh: For the first time in Ri Bhoi, the Fisheries Department, Ri-Bhoi, has launched the methods of farming Dohkha in the rice fields, which is also a sign to encourage the farmers to farm Dohkha in the rice fields. The first phase of the campaign started in Kdonghulu and Liarkhla villages, which fall under the Umroi C&RD Block.
Khliehriat, March 23: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) in collaboration with the National Law School Demand Committee (NSU) today held a special meeting at Jaintia Eastern College Khliehriat to explain to the public about the demand for a university. The Committee has already met with the government authorities in charge of the education department. They will also submit their demand to the Governor.
The year 2018 has passed and 2019 has been three days.
Others who witnessed the event were the Project Director of DRA, Bah D. Hynniewta, BDO of Mylliem Block, Bah PT Passah and others.
The Sordar Raid Majai has lodged a petition with the EMI/C of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Shillong regarding the action of the Syiem. 3.
Shillong, Jymmang 7 : All the 11 MLAs of the UDP have joined hands and no one intends to leave the party.
Yes, 8% of Khasi Jaintia have smart phones.
However, it is alleged that the officer refused on the grounds that she had received an order from the authorities to conduct the inspection.
Therefore, the question of winning more than 200 seats is a big question for them as they don't even have candidates in states like Meghalaya and the North East.
