Once you have called the city, you will be called.
Besides the decision to strengthen the party, the meeting also decided to reform the working methods by looking at issues affecting the entire community.
“I remember that in 1987, I represented NEHU at the Inter University Athletic Meet in Patiala, Punjab, and in 1991, I represented Meghalaya in the Senior National Athletic Championship. in Gandhinagar, Gujarat where the group of leaders included Frankie Pariat and Robinson.
The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in compliance with the order issued by the High Court of Meghalaya for PIL No. 2 of 2021, An order has been issued under Section 144 of the CrPC prohibiting the smuggling of meat without any proper protection, cover or cover by meat vendors in the district.
World AIDS Day is celebrated every year on November 1 when people around the world express their support to people living with HIV, to bring an end to discrimination and discrimination. The Meghalaya New & Renewable Energy Development Agency (MNREDA) on Tuesday held a meeting to commemorate those who lost their lives due to AIDS-related diseases. public information on 'Renewable Energy'
At the same time, Bah Manstudy Nongrem through this statement appealed to the people of Ranikor Constituency to give their full support to Martin M.Danggo to win the MLA Election. 2023 to complete and bring about development in the Ranikor Constituency and also to complete the remaining works such as the development of the Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
Shillong: Shillong: Today, the rainfall in Shillong has reached 52.8mm, while today, it has received 5.8mm.
Thus, as the days went by, the Ri Khasi Jaintia became smaller.
This was announced by Bah Mebanri Laloo of the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA), Nongrim Hills.
Union Minister of State for Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan was also present on the occasion along with other officials.
In a statement, the BJP has criticized the Prime Minister, saying that this has shown that those who used to throw flowers at Siddaramaiah are thieves, robbers, and robbers.
Shillong, November 21: The residents of Umsning market have paid thousands of tyngka to one of the ministers of Mylliem Hima, Minister K.Mylliem Umlong just for the right to sell their goods in the market. They said that the money they paid tens of thousands of rupees has not reached the Hima Mylliem which is the owner of the market. The Minister is only a fake dulir who doesn't do anything and whom the Hima Mylliem has not recognized.
Two days earlier, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had visited the place of worship on Easter Sunday and a group of religious leaders had requested the Indian government to ensure that peace in this society.
The KSU, led by its President, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that the name of the seat has been changed since November 2011, but it has not been implemented yet.
The Cabinet Ministers of Dr Mukul Sangma, who are also the same Cabinet Ministers in the government of Conrad Sangma as the current Chief Minister, have praised him for being an intelligent and intelligent Chief Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma is the most skilled dictator and chief minister in the state.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lum Shnong Unit has received a complaint from the public and also from the investigation into the malfunctioning of Vodafone in the Narpuh Elaka area in the past. The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit has taken action and conducted a thorough investigation and found that the cause of the collapse of a mobile phone, which is located in Byndihati village, which connects about 6 mobile phones. tnum, who is in the Narpuh area.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that the state government has been able to release these buses to take the children to school to relieve the traffic jam in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Congress Leader Deborah Marak, who is also a former Minister of State, on Tuesday said that if the High Command of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) is successful, The Lok Sabha elections from Tura Parliamentary Seat.
Donbok will rise in all your duties.
The EJDCA has also informed that any team or club which does not have sports equipment will provide for the needs of all the players.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chairman of CoHSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that if the border between Bangladesh and Meghalaya was covered with shiah signs, The army and police have been deployed to prevent the smuggling of Bangladeshis, but even in the midst of these strong security measures, thousands of Bangladeshis have been able to smuggle into our country and how much more. “While we are fighting and fighting, I have received information from one of the researchers who said that the BJP He said that if the BJP from the Central wants, they can transform Meghalaya right now and to do so, only Rs 30 crore will be given to each MLA. “It's a big house in Guwahati that is more expensive than Meghalaya as a whole and they have increased the price of Meghalaya,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin.
(MTACS).
Speaking to Rupang, the Rangbah Shnong of Kynbah, Bah SK Dewsait, said that the man went missing at about 8 pm on the 10th of June. 2023, after he fled the house in the morning and the body stopped walking, now for four days.
Prestone said this after the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma recently wrote to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take action by sending an independent inquiry into the matter. and the purchase of Smart Meters at a reasonable price by the Government of Meghalaya.
The National President of the NPP has expressed his respect to Mamata Banerjee, President of the TMC, for honoring Purno A Sangma, the founder of the NPP, but the election is an election and it is different.
It was understood that if the discussions are not successful , Narayanasamy may take the final decision and the decision will be whether to remove some of the candidates The Minister of State shall be appointed by the Head of State, the Prime Minister.
“Until 15th November, they are still threatening me and throwing billions of rupees at me and the Congress youth but we have not succeeded,” said Bah Ronnie while speaking at the Mylliem Youth Assembly. Thanksgiving field.
Meanwhile, media reports have reported that a bomb squad and bomb-sniffing dogs have rushed to the premises of the court in Meghalaya.
“After seeing the statement of the Chief Minister, for the construction of the railway line in our area, East Jaintia Hills, we went to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, “It's a good idea to discuss and submit a written statement as a sign of opposition to this proposal,” he said.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Jyntah, near Madanrting, Arester Sohtun, it is alleged that the army forces have been harassing passers-by from time to time and this has angered the people.
They are Zenith M Sangma-AITC, HM Shangpliang-BJP, Augustine Marak-GNC, KP Pangniang-HSPDP, Ronnie V Lyngdoh-INC, Pyndapborthiaw Saibon-KHNAM, Dr W Kharluki-NPP, Renikton L. Tongkhar-UDP, Chief Secretary of the State and Commission & Secretary of the Political Department as Member Secretary.
He said that the state government cannot confirm whether the scheme will be implemented on the date set by the Central Government.
Khliehriat, July 07: The 2nd RYC Bataw Knockout Football Tournament 2023-24 has reached its final at Lacheh Playground Bataw at 1 pm today. 10 o'clock in the afternoon.
It causes and enables us to sin and lie :- This affects especially those families who do not have a parent.
These Raijs are supervised by the Presidents and Secretaries of the Seinraijs and the religion is supervised by the Langdoh.
Furthermore, the Seng has sent a petition to the relevant department to build the new Dawki Bridge as soon as possible so that it will not affect the trade and property of the indigenous people. facilitate the movement of the people.
He came to CHC Bhoirymbong on 10.07.2020 and was quarantined,” said Bah R Kharumnuid President Union of Village Authorities of Ri Bhoi East.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills, while speaking to this reporter, expressed his gratitude to the Health Department for taking action to assist the police.
Who asked the Scientist, Don did not answer the Missionary.
She also threatened that as soon as she heard the news that he had cleaned up his Nia and Mama, she would send him back to the village.
As the government has expressed its seriousness, the contempt of court complaint against the Home Secretary has been dismissed and the Home Secretary has been pardoned by the court.
The Geological Survey of India (GSI) has discovered such shruh in the Mawsynram Hima area. This shows that millions of years ago, this area was covered by the sea or Sohmyndur. which had many great sea fish.
The DA is 3% of the Basic Pay.
Maezawa is currently trying to implement his idea of ​​making life on earth work without money.
The woman, in her 20s, was found dead at her home in Limerick on Tuesday evening.
“If you walk from Motphran to Anjelee you have to walk on foot and on the road because the footpaths are filled with foreign vendors,” he added.
This bapli has had the opportunity to read such explanations which distinguish us between Khasi and Jaintia.
This happened to a woman from Happy Valley who was cheated of T.2 lakh through Facebook.
The Good News because Jesus died for all the people of the world to redeem them from all sins.
He said that the same meeting will be held in other districts of the state as well where the Cabinet Ministers will be invited to convene a meeting with the MLAs of the districts to discuss and discuss. The same decision was taken in other Districts.
“One thing I want to announce and inform the public, is that I saw when I came to Narwan, Sutnga, Moopala, Tluh, Latyrke, the most dangerous are these coke factories,” he said.
The age has come, the thought has come; Join, young man, to the goal to reach together.
The party has also sent a petition to the Prime Minister and the Members of the State Legislative Assembly to pass a law to achieve the long-standing dream of the youth.
On the other hand, Bah Rani has lodged a complaint with the Chief Information Commissioner of the state.
Finally, NEP2020 aims to achieve the objectives of the Policy in a transparent manner and at various levels, by regularly revising and reviewing by experts and experts, for approval. only from responsible parties.
As part of strengthening India-Bangladesh relations, the Governor also visited the Maitri Dwar at Tamabil Dawki and talked to the Bangladesh Army Chiefs. There was also the distribution of fruits as a sign of cooperation for the good.
COMSO also strongly condemns the Governor of the state for not approving the MRSSA Amendment Ordinance 2019 and demands that he should sign it immediately.
Umsning MLA Dr Celestine Lyngdoh has suggested to set up a contingency fund to help the families affected by the natural disasters.
When tested by the NDPS, it was confirmed that he was a drug addict.
Old habits die hard.
“Therefore, today, we have decided at the Executive Committee meeting, to report to the management and decided to end the strike first and we will continue if the meeting is held on the first day. you are not the same.
Regarding the presence of silimanite mines in the area, it has been a great benefit to the residents, but it is very difficult to find large mines.
Marak expressed the hope that this will be a great opportunity for the students from Meghalaya to meet with the Prime Minister, adding that the department has prepared for the students and teachers. in the state to watch this programme.
:The Officer Club of South West Khasi Hills District today held the Ranikor Beach Festival at Kynshi River called Pamdaba River Beach as part of the promotion of tourism in the district. Hills DistrictThe Ranikor Beach Festival started today on the 19th and will end on the 20th July
Israel has launched a crackdown on Hamas militants in Gaza after Hamas launched an attack on Israel on March 7 that killed more than 1,200 Israeli civilians, including soldiers. and the Israeli security forces.
Only those women who are 60 years of age or older are admitted while only those who are over 65 years of age are admitted to men.
Mr.Cherister Dkhar (13) Mr.Shemki Truh 7.
On the night of the 10th, the cholestar had disappeared but came out in the morning of the 10th to go to Pynursla Police Station. Shortly after 8:30 pm, he went to Pynursla Police Station to surrender to the police.
This was also witnessed by a Putin loyalist in the past.
On the same day, the MCYC also held an exhibition of various items made by the youth and adults at the center. The PRP and many other campaigns have started in Ri-Bhoi.
He said that as a party they have a goal to develop and open up opportunities for the talented youth of the area and soon they will hold a big tournament for them.
Replying to a question, the Kharkutta MLA said that the NPP has gained more power because of the split between the Congress and the TMC. Congress.
“Relatives who expect their relatives to bring food to their homes but they come with bloodshed, we cannot accept and we strongly oppose to shoot those who are innocent,” he said.
Shillong, July 8: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today celebrated the 125th Anniversary of KJP Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
On the other hand, SP Traffic BD Marak and SP Claudia Lyngwa condemned the action of the policeman.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM), Meghalaya State Unit, strongly urges the Government to follow the rules and regulations without violating the rights of the people. and to ensure that there is no discrimination against the public because they do not want to take TIKA Covid-19 or even to express that they are unworthy or unclean. , or those who have been misled or even to say that they are not righteous anywhere as well.
The reason why the union wants to take over the EMRI 108 is because it has been found that almost all the cost of the EMRI 108 has been spent from the state and central governments through the National Health Mission (NHM).
This race is very difficult where the runners have to walk through dense forests, high hills to climb and descend, streams to cross and rough fields until they reach the finish line. but this is your journey.
And the Senate of those who oppose and take part in politics should be abolished.
Nongstoiñ, June 7: The UHM Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of the President of the Circle, Samla Stevenson Nongsiej, has found that the SSA school at Mawlai Umdang Mawshynrut has been destroyed. and the tables were broken down.
Eight deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 03, West Garo Hills: 02, East Garo Hills: East Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills respectively.
He said that after receiving the complaints, the Seng has sought information and found that they have indeed a job without conducting an interview and this has affected the job seekers. you dong you area.
Speaking to Rupang, SP Lyngdoh said the party strongly opposes the Meghalaya government's decision to cut off the internet if there is any unrest in Shillong.
WSF founder Piyush Sachdeva feels that young children do not receive proper education or equipment to fulfill their dreams in sports.
The Seng appeals to all the Village Authorities in the district and area to be vigilant as the invasion of foreigners is the beginning of the victory of the jaidbynriew, said a statement from Publicity. HYC Mawthadraishan Circle and Samla William Calton Marngar.
Khliehriat, Lber 3 : Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement Narpuh Circle, under the leadership of its President, Bah P. Syiemlieh, on Tuesday, October 1, 2023, donated items. At the same time, the leaders of the union from Narpuh apologized to the parents that they could not help much but they tried to help as much as they could because This is also the first time that HANM Narpuh Circle has tried to reach out to help and it is expected that the organization will be able to do more such donations in the future.
On the other hand, Mr. Wailadmiki Shylla, as the chief guest, thanked the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for his willingness to provide this ambulance to the PHC.
These two friends who have set a good example for the community include Samla Pering Pale from Umpowin Village and Samla Philbet Hanse from Kharpati Village in Ri Bhoi.
We cannot say that he was involved in land grabbing and crime until the law is passed.
The HYC has already lodged an FIR at Nongpoh PS against the person who opposes the ILP and supports the CAA and especially for assaulting the leader of the HYC. The HNYF has been accused of opposing the ILP and supporting the CAA, but they have clarified what the HNYF leader, Bah Marcus Marten, said in Nongpoh today.
When asked which types of festivals are the most beautiful or attractive to the audience, the leaders of the group said that there are many types of festivals such as dancing, dancing, and There will also be an exhibition of traditional items and other items.
Anita is also a member and political leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the state.
The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad Kongkal Sangma held a membership registration meeting for the people of Maweit area after laying the foundation stone for the cleaning of the Maweit. road in Maweit village which has never seen a colored road in their village.
In terms of expenditure, the Minister has presented an estimate of T.10,507 crore, of which T.8594 crore will be expenditure from revenue and T.1913 crore from capital. crore.
“We have had strong candidates in the urban areas like JA Lyngdoh, AL Hek, Sanbor Shullai, Antonio Neil War and Arnest Mawrie,” said Kohli.
“I have a desire to transform my Mawkyrwat constituency and the entire South West Khasi Hills District into a tourist destination,” said Bah Renik. residents, youth so that it can help to provide various employment opportunities.
Similar incidents have happened, sometimes because we as a nation have been stingy in our responsibilities.
The worst is for those relatives, wives, children, colleagues who are the inheritors of the smoke from those smokers who don't care about others.
When inquired about the UDP, it has not yet been confirmed who will contest, but sources close to the UDP said that the UDP will contest and may also contest with Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MLA who He is also one of the former leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU).
At present, only Bolero Pick-ups (four-wheelers) can reach the village through this forest road, which is also supported by the 100 days scheme (NERGS) here and there.
Those who violate these orders will be punished according to the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC. three in Umthied Bynther.
“Whenever it is necessary to replace, both these ministers will have to accept the decision of the party,” said a party leader who did not want to be named.
In a letter sent to the Joint Secretary (NE) of the Health Ministry on 7th November, RIMS Deputy Director (Administration) Naoren Indrakumar Singh said that the classes of Under-Graduate and Post Graduate have started. students (17 MBBS Under-Graduates, 6 BDS Under-Graduates and 6 Post Graduates) have been unable to attend classes due to unrest in the state. .
The Tourism Department, in collaboration with the Umïam Sailing Club and the Yacht Association of India, today launched the first ever boat festival in the North East. concert from 29th June to 2nd June, amidst the beauty of the Umiam Watersports Complex.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : The NPP candidate from Shella constituency, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri, on Tuesday said that there is a big difference between the mid-term elections and the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
However, NOTA does not have anything to do with the elections.
The President of the Seinraij Jowai, Ma OR Shallam on Tuesday inaugurated the Kñia Pyrthat Stadium at Pohhali Dulong.
They have been married for three years and the husband has taken away the children and thrown her out of the house, she lodged a complaint with the police.
Let us see whether the state government will be willing to convene a Cabinet meeting to take only one decision and that is to hand over to the CBI the investigation into the operation of illegal coal factories and as well as the illegal mining and transportation of coal which has enriched only a few while the government and the people have been cheated by improper payment of taxes.
He said that soon the people of Meghalaya will witness the joining of MLAs to the BJP in these days.
Where do you get Pisa? There are no non-politicians and it doesn't mean that Meghalaya is rich.
Zoramthanga, who is the president of the Myanmar National Democratic Front (MNF), has called on civil society, religious and political parties to block the implementation of the CAB in Parliament.
God is wise and has shaken the world and therefore, we expect that this disease will shake the ears of the people of the world.
The President of Nongiew said that the statement of the Hima Mylliem to clean up the market does not coincide with the issue. It is very difficult to clean up if all these necessities cannot be provided,” said the reporter.
Most of the passengers from Motphran are on their way to work and in the evening.
Today, the highest number of cases of covid-19 has been reported in Assam, with 177 new cases reported per day.
Shillong, June 30: The North Eastern Electricity Power Corporation (NEEPCO) has decided to suspend the supply of electricity to Meghalaya due to its inability to pay the bill. There is no power supply to Meghalaya.
The total number of cases in Assam has risen to 16,7
The song has become so popular on YouTube that the owner of the film has been invited to act in the film Khohwah Nongsor.
And those who oppose the lockdown without grounds bring a civil offense/civil case.
Chithi, a new film from Jaintia Hills, directed by Kong Simi Khongtiang and produced by Fourness Dhar of Anthill Productions and Miss Cornelia Dkhar, will be released in Jowai.
Private candidates can also sit for the examination without following the rules and regulations laid down by the MBOSE. They will also have to take the selection test if they take the final examination next year.
Among the players, there was no one who didn't score 10 runs against the Shillong Cricket Association A, but there were some who didn't score.
The fire was extinguished by the immediate arrival of the fire brigade.
They also discussed making the north the center of natural resources in the country, improving and building roads, promoting agriculture, tourism, assistance to organizations and others.
In KHADC, the NPP now has 12 MDCs in the 30-member Assembly.
He said that this separation of garbage from households and markets can also make it easier to dispose of garbage in any designated places.
The Deputy Commissioner has also directed that all vehicles should have a High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) and Registration Certificate. period.
“He did this after seeing what happened in the field every day just to mislead and tell the people why you want to join the Trinamool Congress when its MLAs are ready to leave but I tip that the MLAs of AITC are strong.
On the one hand, we should congratulate those organizations who have arrested these women who have gone into this crime, but the sad thing is that in fact they have arrested these women. They should have given that warning but they were quick to publish in the newspapers without thinking of the nation which is like a publication of the nation.
Speaking to reporters after congratulating the MLA of Mawkynrew, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Friday, he said that he congratulated Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Friday. The Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya from time to time.
At the same time, Allantry said the UDP supports the NPP-led MDA government and not the BJP. The Citizenship Amendment Bill has been introduced for not listening to the voice of the people of the North East.
On the 30th of November 2022, 160 years will pass without understanding, and the whole country will mourn on this day because the French Government has taken the life of a brave and true leader of I'm Woh Kiang.
Last month, in a video that went viral, it was said that the people of Australia were shocked and frightened at the same time when they saw a 'len. A large mountain has collapsed near a house in the country and all those in the area have come out to escape from the mountain which has reached the house. at that time.
“If you go anywhere, you will see that development works are only in villages and towns.
The price of Umphniang sharak has been revised to T.57.35 per liter in Amlarem (from agencies T.55.35 per litre, vehicle fare T.1.00 per litre, residents T.1.00 per litre). The new prices came into force from 1st July.
Nongpoh: Four drug users have been arrested by the Dong Downgate in Nongpoh, this morning at 10 pm. He is one of the most dangerous drug traffickers in the Nongpoh area.
In my understanding, there are 3 reasons why the leaders do not come to our villages these days.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJPA) today invited a group of religious leaders to discuss the issue of opening churches. He attended the meeting organized by the State Government.
At the meeting, the UDP also accepted the nominations of two candidates for the MP election, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong has also prepared accommodation facilities for those who wish to stay at the Guest House, Khliehriat, where those who wish to stay can call the following numbers: 9366455744, East Side Inn-9089390888, Mon Maya Guest House-8132002479 and Wika Guest House-6
Category 'C' and Category 'D' patients should be treated in hospitals.
Speaking at the NPP headquarters in North Garo Hills, the Chief Minister said, “All the states send their proposals to Delhi, as well as Meghalaya, but these proposals need the and our MP Agatha K Sangma is busy talking to the leaders in Delhi to ensure that we get the most share.
There are also CCTV cameras installed for the safety of the Students.
At 6.10 pm, while they were returning by taxi, which was driven by the driver, they were blocked at the bridge at Umpohliew.
He said that according to him, when people see trucks moving up and down, they think that they are coal trucks and if they see that they are coal trucks, they think that they are coal trucks. always thought it was smuggled coal and this thinking should be changed.
Shillong: Despite the blockade of vehicles by the drivers of commercial vehicles under the flag of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles (MJACCV), but the trucks carrying stone from Pynursla area, They continued to carry stone from the quarries and unload it to Bangladesh.
The matches on Saturday started with two quarter finals, in the first match Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC beat Tariang FC by a tie-breaker after the match ended 2-2
In 2004, the Cabinet Committee on Public Grievances headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh (who was the Minister at that time) recommended the implementation of the by Three Tier Identity Card System.
The Voice of People Party (VPP) Leader, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, has strongly criticized those who published the news about his life, saying, “You can search and reveal the life of Bah Ardent but also the welfare of their leaders.
The body of the mother was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem and the search for Shajahan Ali is ongoing.
Instead of calling our country Meghalaya, it should be called Khasi-Jaintia & Garo Land.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shangpung Unit on Saturday awarded 48 students with the Maitshaphrang Academic Award.
“We will not rest until we can provide water to an area of ​​about 5 lakh hectares in all the Assembly constituencies in the district,” he said.
Larisa Lamin has reached the first category with 450 marks and Distinction in four subjects namely English (87), Political Science (82), Education (91) and Khasi (MIL). ) (91), in Subject Sociology (79) and History (71).
The fact is that the National League for Democracy (NLD) has not been able to unite against the power of the major parties in India including the NPP. They have decided to join the HSPDP and PDF and have already decided from the KHNAM that the VPP will find it difficult to win, so the NPP will continue to fight if the people of Ri Khasi are still sleeping in the sky. that once every five years or continue to force their parties and candidates who cannot stand for the cause of the nation.
No weapons were seized from these members at the time of their arrest.
There are also those who experience anxiety when they think about money just before the holidays, and there are those who find it difficult to find the right gifts.
“At the same time, they have not made any attempt to amend the MMDR Act through the President's Proclamation under Para 12AB of the Sixth Schedule. has laid down special provisions or amendments to the provisions of the MMDR Act in the areas of Autonomous District Councils, so as not to disrupt the livelihood or employment of Tribal people such as Khasi- Pnar and Garo resources especially coal"
The nine-day sports final of Nora Evalyn Higher Secondary School, Qualapatty, which started on 29th October and ended on 6th June
The Religion of Lang and the Religion of Yung.
Samla Mehul Lakhani is from Madhya Pradesh and started cycling on 21st July 2021 after resigning as a teacher in Madhya Pradesh. He also decided to travel around India to preach about his aspirations to bring about change in India.
He talks to me as usual,” said Kong Pyngrope.
The names of the U-21 players include Marso Kyndait (1500 mts), Ribet Dkhar (1500 mts), Lobrian Taro (High Jump) and Gloryfy Kurbah (800 mts).
“Ma Welley Muksor has been holding the post of DSP of EJHD for only a few months, which started after the upgradation of Khliehriat Sub-Division to Kyrdan District. One of the Chief Police Officers of Meghalaya who is the most skilled in his job as a policeman in the fight against crime and other duties as a policeman.
Shillong: A group of employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) under the leadership of the Non-Gazetted Employees Association (NGEA) of about 300 men and women, today held a meeting. Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Benedick R Marak, CEM of GHADC, have refused to pay the salary they demanded.
Shillong: The Legislative Assembly today rejected the Privilege Motion filed against the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma by Congress MLA Zenith M Sangma. with the voices of many family members.
The program started on Tuesday when the President of the party Rikman G. Momin first submitted his comments.
Police also seized 11 gm of heroin. Police and BSF have worked together to fight against illegal activities especially drug trafficking. The police have decided to eradicate this crime from the state.
There will be many entertainment activities including a costume show, a put and a golf tournament.
The JHADC has directed the President of the MPUF to temporarily close down the shop until he has provided all the documents according to the law.
“In the past, when we were in various police stations, we used to carry a tynghung and announce in the market that young people who wanted to If you are a police officer, you will take this opportunity to offer yourself.
Panah was afraid.
Tura, Nailar, 20: The Garo Students Union (GSU) has decided to hold an office blockade at all MeECL offices in Garo Hills in the morning. in the evening due to the lack of attention of the authorities in charge of the electricity department to the demands of the union.
Mizoram will face Nagaland in the semifinals.
“We express our regret in this regard because in fact we have already given a month to ask for clarification on the relocation of the equipment which in our understanding has been allocated for the MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ for the needs. of mothers giving birth in this district,” he said.
Besides, the Chief Minister said that the government will soon get the approval for the auction of about 2 lakh MT of coal after the Meghalaya government has discussed with the Minister of Finance. coal by the Government of India.
There are 79 recoveries from the disease.
The Khasi/Niamtre religion has remained stable in which the teachings of the mynder have been followed in a very 'bud khaw bad dustur'
“We have laws like the Land Transfer Act to prevent people from coming to this state.
The children of Kong Nongbri include Johnfirst Born of Class III, Michael Jackson of Class III, Daphi Banri of Class I and Beautifully Nongbri of Class A. The Sordar of the village has also announced that the result distribution day will be held at the Goct LP School. The family of Kong Nongbri has been evacuated and will no longer receive their report cards.
Regarding the unemployment of the youth, Bah Vincent said that the party will also pay special attention to the unemployment of the youth who have completed various education by bringing in opportunities including from the party. lajong and other employment opportunities.
In the afternoon, the Chairman of the Elders Committee of the San Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, Skor Jala, gave the thanksgiving ceremony. Donbokstar Kurkalang in the presence of other leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawlai including the President Rgh DL Nongbri, the General Secretary Rgh Phira Warnongbri and the MLA of Mawlai Constituency Bah Process T. Sawkmie.
Supporting the teachers' strike, the MLA said it was the government itself that had promised to look into their issues, and the Prime Minister said the Cabinet would sit down to discuss.
They said that they tried to talk to the soldiers but the soldiers did not speak English and spoke Hindi while they did not understand Hindi.
“Music should not only be used for life and death but should also be taught in schools and colleges,” she said.
In a statement sent by the Secretary of the KJCLF, Rev Dr. Edwin H. Kharkongor, on Friday, he said, “The members of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum, Shillong are shocked by the attacks. , misleading and threatening violence against Christian schools despite the services they provide to the community and the country as a whole.
“We have seen the demand, even from Garo Hills, that the UDP should nominate a candidate, and soon we will go to Garo Hills to hear more about the feelings of the people,” he said. leaders and others.
When people speak in English, they think in their own minds, why don't they become wiser? it makes others feel that they are wrong if they stand up to argue.
The Tyrna Elaka Sidership in collaboration with the Tourism Management Committee of the Dorbar Shnong will celebrate the 125th Anniversary of Tyrna Village on the 7th and 8th November,
Therefore, the office has set up a 24×7 Call Center at the Control Room of the DC Office, Mairang.
Furthermore, the FCI has improved its working methods according to the present era, such as the installation of signs, fire safety equipment and others for the convenience of the people. foreigners and employees, as well as the promotion of cleanliness at go downs or storage areas.
Odas Pdahkasiej President of the Hills Farmers Union of Mawsynram Block, said that it is sad to see that the PWD Mawsynram Division has not been able to order the contractor to build the subway. foot on the Dholai River to pass people.
This destructive tribulation has begun to appear in Israel who is the Antichrist or Christ. He has begun to appear now and will speak to the world in the years to come. If another shall come in his own name, him ye will not receive.
He said that after the discussion on the part of the government, the same path will go to the group of political parties and other stakeholders, after which the draft will be drawn up. “How can we move forward?” he asked.
The HPC in its reply to the government said that it has pointed out many of the shortcomings of the blueprint submitted by the government by saying that the land is too small and the houses are too small, which violates the building regulations, there is no mention of demolishing the existing structures, there are no public amenities and last but not least there is no official title for the property or buildings.
JOWAI: “The drivers of commercial vehicles are the ones who speak whether it is good or bad,” said Pastor HH Mohrmen.
Please send your condolences to the mother and father of this person as deceased.
Shillong: The Working President of the Congress Party, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the urgency of the leaders of the two states, who have tried to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya, has been urgent. For many years, it has been a source of concern for all, because Meghalaya does not have anything to take from Assam or give anything to Assam.
In addition, we also get more Huggies or baby napkins with toilet waste.
Regarding the protests of various political parties, Paul denied that he had stolen the electronic voting machine.
Referring to the celebration, he reminded that the presence of ngap helps to develop the crops and if there are no crops such as soh and flowers, he will always have fish. they shall perish, and we shall not see them again.
These included the Syiems and Ministers of the Khasi Hills and the people.
Besides, Bah Kharbani said that the government should count the share of anyone without amending the Constitution of the Articles relating to the share of employment or without the decision of the court. The Supreme Court of India will bring unrest and grief to the entire state of Meghalaya.
In fact, the two youths were rushed to hospitals in Guwahati, but due to the severity of their injuries, they died on arrival.
Before the opening ceremony, the President of the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, Bah RG Lyngdoh, took the opportunity to express his condolences to the family of the young table tennis player. Tamil Nadu's Deenadayalan Vishwa, who was carrying him from Guwahati airport, collided with a tourist vehicle when he arrived at Shangbangla in Ri-Bhoi district. Vishwa lost his life while his friends in the vehicle were injured.
As the Chief Minister has recently met with the Governor, Hek said that they will have to take the advice of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The state will also have to follow the protocol of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
After a while of discussion, the member was released accompanied by the leaders with the slogan 'Tur Shaphrang Khlur ka Ri'
Then the wicked will also say, “Lord, Lord, when did we see you sick, or in prison, or thirsty, or thirsty, or given you to eat or drink? , that thou art in prison, that we may come and see thee, and that thou art clean, that we may clothe thee? And he shall say unto them, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these my brethren, ye did it not to me.
“You youths, young men, don't be overwhelmed by the jaiñkyrshah,” said Wellborn Bynnud, an independent candidate from Shella constituency who is also a former leader of the Khasi Students Union.
Similarly, children who are far from their parents' will often fall into all kinds of evil because they hide from their parents as if they were their closest enemies.
Bijit Goswami, Golflink Branch Manager, John Chowdary, Imtimoong and Imtimoong were also present on the occasion.
India has been known from the beginning as a country of “Unity in Diversity”, but where will the UCC be established? Manipur has not reached this point.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, candidate from the UDP, said that many of the people in this election want the tribal parties to rule Meghalaya. place.
Police of Nongpoh Police Station, conducted a search operation on NH-6 under Umjersi village, where they stopped many vehicles including commercial vehicles and vehicles. private vehicle.
Marme took three wickets for seven runs.
The Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat on 9th October said that the shortage of funds in the budget of T.30,60,14,100/- thousand one hundred tyngka) and said that the total amount of money collected by the Council for the year 2023-24 is T.174,59,38,400/- (one hundred and ninety-four crore, fifty nine lakh forty five thousand). and four hundred tyngka) while the total expenditure is T.205,19,52,500 (two hundred and fifty thousand fifty two thousand and five hundred tyngka).
Similarly, one foreign worker on the 10th of this month lost his life and two others were injured in an attack by a group of unidentified robbers.
This is the first time that the DC has convened various Dorbar Shnongs.
Speaking to reporters, one of the students said that the Indian Army troops accompanied them from the hostel to Imphal Airport, where they met a team sent by the Meghalaya Government led by the I.P. Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Four cases have been confirmed from West Jaintia Hills and two cases from Ribhoi District.
They also request the paradoh parasnam to support this young man so that he can enter the round-16 which will be held on the 10th of this month so that he may reach the goal of Name and Glory through the guidance and guidance of his mother and father from behind and God will be his strongest helper.
“If you look at Donald Trump in America, Capt Amrinder Singh in Punjab because they kill the people they don't have any crime from their fields and I don't doubt that this will happen in Pynursla too,” he said. .
Therefore, we don't need to know the days of our life but let us live a life of obedience and acceptance to God.
Shillong: The Mawlai Constituency Committee (MLA) has expressed its deep surprise over the appointment of MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum as the new President of the party. the General Convention shall be the rule of law.
It is worth mentioning that when Founder Strong Cajee was MLA of Mawlai, he set up the Mawlai Secretariat and now Himalaya has said that he will set up an office like the Mawsynram Secretariat. which may have many departments to look after the problems of each village.
Moodymmai, who won the toss and elected to bat first, tied for 226 runs.
The concert will be held on the 2nd November, 2013 in the city and is organized by the Bethany Society and CBM, at St Anthony's College Auditorium.
He said that even the implementation of the 100 days schemes which is the fund allocated by the central government has not been implemented.
The chief priests, the judges, the Sadducees, the Pharisees, the scribes, and other nobles sold their souls to the Caesars and did not care about their fellow citizens who lived in suffering and misery.
“One thing I would like to suggest to the teachers is to ensure that the classrooms should be 100 percent or at least 98 percent,” he said.
However, the child was found lyngkrang dead and her body was cut off.
“Our state is very fortunate that out of more than 7000 thousand returnees, only 1 has been infected with COVID-19, and I urge the people not to be afraid, but to “It's a good idea to be vigilant to prevent the spread of the corona virus,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Regarding the awarding ceremony by the Shillong Referee Society, Dip announced that it is an encouragement to other referees not only to stay in the area but also to stay in the referee community. but to fight as hard as they can in life to hold that title as Fifa Referees.
On the other hand, the BGB also expressed its concern over the shooting and injury of Bangladeshi citizens by Indian robbers and the smuggling of various types of drugs and phynsedyl, kyiad and others.
It is the responsibility of Parliament and at the same time the Dorbar Shnongs and residents on the borders cannot be treated unfairly.
Speaking to Mawphor after the inspection, Bah HM Shangpliang said that in July 2022, the heavy rainfall for about 10 months has caused the Umngi River to flood the ground near these. two villages.
And we see that our efforts to bring about unity among political parties, among civil society and among Christian churches is only a path that cannot reach the goal.
Biren Singh, who has been forced to resign from the post, has been forced to resign after the bloodshed in the state, which has been going on for nearly two months. Biren Singh's resignation letter to the Governor of the state, but women gathered and blocked the way for Biren Singh to go to Raj Bhavan and managed to steal his letter. , in front of Raj Bhavan and threw a stick.
On the other hand, BJP members gathered on the other side of MG Road to welcome Modi and while AASU members shouted 'Jai ai Asom', 'BJP go back', 'Modi Murdabad', BJP members shouted 'Bharat mata ki jai'
Part of the day is also to prepare for the shad suk Myntri to be held on these dates.
Mawkyrwat: After more than two years of protest against the construction of the two lane highway from Nongstoin to Mawthabah, which was also agreed to be constructed for the purpose of facilitating uranium mining in Mawthabah, has come to an end; However, this time, there has been another incident after some people attacked the office of the AMD in Wahkaji.
>All water pipes leading to houses should not be connected to electric poles because if there is a breakdown in the insulator, the electricity will leak into the house and this will cause damage. and injuries to persons inside the building.
Pyrethrum is also grown in Kenya (Africa) in the mountains.
Therefore, as young people, tomorrow is on our shoulders and we should not allow that lyngkor to be thrown on the stake, but on a strong tree as a strong youth,” he said.
He said the government will not accept more than these 342 households and these lists have already been submitted to the High Court of the state.
In the same season, he joined Cypriot club Ermis Aradippou FC. He made 36 appearances, scoring seven goals and assisting four times before continuing the season. 2016-17 games.
In this election, Bah F Bareh, MDC of UDP from Rymbai, was elected as the new chairman without any contest.
He denied that there would be any pre-election alliance with parties that have no alliance with the Congress and said that the Congress will contest alone.
To avoid many tragic incidents in the past, the emergence of Seng Kurs is one of the ways to help the community of this small community which has only about 20 lakh people. as if you don't have a count.
Many special programs were also held, including dance competitions and friendly football matches between the NSS volunteers and the youth of the village.
The UDP leaders said that at this juncture, the UDP has great hope that it will reach the goal of victory, because they have witnessed with their own eyes, that the Thousands of supporters of Sunshine Makri have promised to work hard to reach the goal of victory in this election from Umsning Constituency.
According to Bah Kharkongor, the UDP will not be able to overthrow Bah Pynshngain because some of its MDCs and leaders are against the party's plan to overthrow the CEM. “The MDCs are paid because we are not the UDA, we will be with Bah Pynshngain,” said Bah Kharkongor.
The KSU alleged that the doctor of the PHC does not stay overnight at the hospital and this has caused more problems to the patients.
Birendra Thapa.
Babu Bording Lyngdoh who was the chief guest in the presence of other Rangbah, the Minister of Sohkhyllam Village, Bah P.Wanniang as the chief guest, BS Marbaniang, Babu Synshar. Lyngdoh, Bah K.Wanniang, members and office bearers of the sports club and football fans of the area who filled the ground.
Players who register without birth certificates will not be accepted to take part in the tournament.
He said this to reporters because there may be places where contractors do so.
In this one we shall see that all the different religions and beliefs have some idea or understanding of the truth, but not all of them are true.
Pynshai Rani, Publicity Secretary, KSU NKHD, Ferdynald Kharkamni, President, KSU NKHD, other KSU leaders and elders of Umden area were also present on the occasion.
The Seng hopes that through the law and the cooperation of the Village Authorities and the people, it will be able to curb and eradicate many kinds of evil deeds which seem to have overwhelmed our society.
Because if we do any work, foreigners don't have a place to do those works inside our country.
This feeling touched her soul deeply and she did not even want to speak to her daughter.
He also congratulated the teachers who have worked hard and urged them to continue to contribute to the education of the students.
Speaking to reporters, the Head of the National Informatics Center (NIC), Bah T DKhar, said that the program has been named the Hackathon and was launched by the Chief Secretary on the 16th of this month. ending on the 11th of November.
Ms Kharpuri said these companies pay taxes to the Council in the form of income, including their employees.
Congratulating these officers, Mishra also distributed awards to those who have been the best among all those who have been trained at NEPA. The police officer training program has completed 50 training sessions for 4,456 trainees who have completed the program in the last 45 years.
The BJP has clarified that the NPP has written to the Prime Minister to oppose the implementation of Good Governance Day on Christmas Day and Digital Day on Christmas Day. Good Friday.
The Minister said this while replying to a question by the UDP MLA from Mookaiaw, Bah Nujorki Sungoh.
The explanation was given by the Convener of the Revolution, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit in the presence of many people.
He said that in the constituency itself, many works to improve economic development are not enough such as roads, drinking water, electricity and others.
According to him, the non-release of the funds has severely affected the development implementation in the border villages.
He directed the officers of these departments to ensure that these schemes reach the people who need them in a timely manner.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: “I have married Rangdajied, I have never found a better girl,” said Dr. Adviser Pariong in an interview with Rupang on 1st November after the loss of his ticket from the Congress party.
Thousands of Congress supporters attended the rally to witness and encourage the candidate to reach the goal of victory.
Bidhu Prakash Swain, 54, also known as Ramesh Swain, is from a village in Kendrapara district but lives outside Odisha.
In the quarter final match, Nongkynrih Sports Club beat 7 Bros from Kynshi at UUP SC Ground URKSEW. to beat 7 Bros 3 to 1.
The murder of BJP leader Bijay Krishna Bhunia is a gift to the people of the state to celebrate this day,” said BJP leader Suvendu Adhikari.
That is why he is known as the “FATHER OF KHASI LITERATURE”.
Because she was angry, she stopped the car and went downstairs to clean herself.
However, the government has allowed class ix – xii students to come to school if their parents or guardians have allowed them to seek information or clarification or explanation from the teachers of their schools, if They need, but the arrival of the children until now, is still slow and lymbrum lymbram without proper order.
“For three years now, there has been a process of peace talks with the HNLC. In the past, they have set some rules which the state government has already announced. “However, these rules, which these organizations have expressed, have not been accepted by the Government of India, so the State Government has sent a message to them, that They should come and talk peace without any conditions, so the state government is ready to talk peace but there should be no conditions”.
The incident happened on the 2nd of this month at about 10:30 pm when these people came with knives. They also seized a JCB vehicle without registration number owned by Ma Rishanmi Suting.
Earlier, the government, after receiving the constituency division bill from the KHADC, had approved it and sent it to the Governor for approval. The Governor has not yet given his approval, but has sent it back to the Government and has suggested that it should review it first and improve it in a comprehensive manner. At that time there was also opposition from many sides.
In this incident, the robbers used knives to stab and stab and cut the enemy of the two youths while they were climbing to Lamin. They were tied, bombed and abducted and forcibly taken to the forest and fields. They were arrested by the robbers who did not recognize them and suspected that they were Bangladeshis.
Shillong, Nailar, 09: The State Government has decided to spend T.50 lakh through the Police Infrastructure Renovation Fund (PIRF) for the maintenance and improvement of Police Stations, Police Outposts, Fire and Services. Stations and Anti-Smuggling Camps located in 12 Districts of the State.
At present, the people of these areas have to come to Mawkyrwat and Ranikor to complete the works such as NREGS, National Social Assistance Program and others which has caused them great difficulty, the statement said.
This dumping of garbage without any collection has also caused the destruction of the town of Nongpoh which is filled with garbage and the terrible smell from these garbage dumps.
Where shall we go now that only the drug dealers and drug users in the villages, townships, villages and townships are destroyed by us who don't drink because we live in fear and anxiety when we think of drugs? and the children of thy hand shall be strong.
The ceremony started at 11.00 pm and ended at 11.30 pm.
God understands those who are wise.
The Seng wishes Kong Wansuk to remain in good health and to be able to work hard in whatever position she is assigned.
Dippu has been a regular player for Meghalaya in recent seasons with Wanlambok Nongkhlaw as the symbud captain.
A spokesperson for the Indian government, who is also the Governor of Nagaland, said the Indian government wants to end the decades-old conflict between the Indian government and the group as soon as possible. NSCN (IM).
To conclude the two day service at St. Cyril Catholic Church Shaid Shaid, Rev.Fr.Friding Kharsyiemiong, Parish Priest of the Lord Parish Mawkyrwat, closed the service today with the blessing of life and death. to live a good life and to be followers of the Lord Jesus at all times.
The Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya have also witnessed a steady turnout of the people of the state to vote and by 5 pm, the turnout has reached 70%.
During the meeting with Bah Jeskalur, Rupang started questioning him from the incident on the 11th until the day he was released from jail.
From home to the village and also to the schools, we should be responsible for our own.
They said that besides that, the dewbilat companies are cheating the indigenous people by underestimating the price of dewbilat while in Assam they are at a low price. die in Khliehriat,” said the article.
From the first day we brought this calendar into the BAC and into the house and gave it our approval.
These four organizations have also warned against the villagers who commit crimes and help foreigners to mine coal.
Among these 40 teams, Lumparing is one of the youngest teams but has improved rapidly in its fighting style after seeing that it has not lost in four matches and especially has won. Mawlai beat Mawlai in one of the matches which ended in a 3-3 draw.
Prestone said the State Housing Board has no revenue but the government will have to spend more than T.1 crore annually just to pay the bills. salary of employees of this department who have not less than 30 employees.
On the MSCW's request, the Minister said, “I have not issued the order just by hearing from here and there but I have looked at the documents.
The Committee has also summoned the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights, Kong Ïamon Syiem.
The union has already met with the District Medical and Health Officer of West Khasi Hills to discuss the need for adequate health facilities in the area.
At the same time, it was said that there will be many MDCs from the three Autonomous District Councils who will contest from the NPP in the upcoming elections.
The indoor shooting will be held at Happy Valley, while the outdoor shooting will be held on Tuesday.
On the other hand, a leader close to the Congress admitted that Sapna had also filled out her Congress application form.
The Yatra will be held as part of the protest and raise awareness on many issues arising from the mismanagement of the BJP Government including the impact on income, society and you shall rule over the whole country.
When you go to Langpih, there are many festivals.
On the other hand, Chairman of the Regional Committee for Kamrup District Sector Chandra Mohan Patowary said that the talks were pleasant and fruitful and both the states have already exchanged written statements on the issue. the ownership of land in the Langpih area.
Access to new training will help teachers to improve their knowledge and enable them to teach better to teach students.
On the same day, the Secretary to the State Education Department, Bah R.Rapthap, has called for a meeting with the leaders of AMSSASTA and the leaders of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA). “In his speech, the Secretary to the Ministry of Education has asked for two months to wait for the money from the Central Government so that we can salary can be paid in advance only for the months of June, July and July,
The reporter said that the policemen, in plain clothes, shot him and when he took his camera, they shot him again and not only that, but they arrested him. and they cleansed him, and not only so, but they also came out of his mouth.
Those who violate the law will face up to nine years imprisonment and a fine of T.10 lakh under Section 59(iv) of the Food Safety and Standards Act,
The road was constructed by BSC-C&C JV from Hyderabad. The work started in 2011 and was supposed to be completed in October The company has been allowed to complete the project in October
The influx of mender here due to the abundance of employment opportunities will be much less if the youth of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep take over and manage their own employment opportunities and trade in the state after the implementation of this project. the Act.
The NPP is strong in the Garo Hills and Agatha cannot win again.
“I am thrilled to be joining this team on this new journey.
At present, besides the loss of the transformer, there are also electricity posts which have been destroyed, which has been forcibly reinforced by the residents just to avoid the collapse and cause harm to the children in the village. “The more rural villages are closer to addressing the problems of the people, but the urban villages are more concerned,” said Bah Ecoles Wahlang.
“You get a small salary and that too once in 4 or 5 months and this used to bother me man when they complain in front of me".
“In fact, this month we had arranged with the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to visit Khanduli West Jaintia Hills but due to the division of constituencies in the state, we had to postpone it. “There is no date for the border talks,” said Conrad.
He said that the Meghalaya government has no intention of withdrawing the money from the Apex Bank.
“I don't know how this department works now.
There were souls lost, livestock as well as possessions.
Now they don't allow vehicles to pass through the slasha field.
“Of course, there is also a fear that the State and the minorities (Hynïiewtrep and Ackik) of the State may be overwhelmed, losing their identity, language and land.
Compared to the present day, it has been found that there are many candidates who not only lack a higher education, but also lack a strong education, until sometimes they have become selfish and selfish in front of the society.
After the competition, all the winners will be awarded with cash prizes.
She alleged that since last year on 9th June 2012 she had lodged a complaint against Unikey Kharkongor and Nearly Kharkongor, residents of Laitumkhrah Nongrimmaw, for allegedly forging land titles. the land in the area of ​​Mawdiangdiang.
Other speakers at the meeting included the President, CLF, Ms. B.Dkhar, Secretary, Ms. Nadona Dkhar and Vice-President, Ms. I.Phawa.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) on Tuesday said that the road from Lad Umroi to Malidor along the National Highway 6 in East Jaintia Hills District will be completed. It shall be turned into a four-way road or shall not allow four vehicles to pass at the same time.
It has been seen that these leaders have acted like they recognize the problems of the people in these few months by visiting from time to time in these years and in the past months they have not taken responsibility.
The soil of these hills, especially here in Ri Khasi, is suitable for the production of soh diengpai, but no attempt has been made to develop this soh cultivation, or to revive it after the destruction. of the per and soh fields of Ri War.
We have tried to inform all the Seng Kur/Dorbar Kur/Lympung Kur as much as we have been able to inform, but we understand that there are many whom we have not been able to inform.
He said it has been decided to increase the tax rate after 100 years from the old rate and from this new rate, the government will receive about T.6 crore annually from forest products.
Please let us know.
In the past years, the State Government has established 5 Fire & Emergency Service Stations, 9 Police Outposts and 5 new Police Stations.
Vitamin C is essential for the absorption of iron from the food we eat and is also essential for the formation and function of red blood cells.
You shall not tie the ox with its neck, its legs, or its thighs, nor shall you carry a sling.
Nongpoh: Through the hard work of the Ri Bhoi Police in collaboration with the leaders of the HYC Umden Circle, a 21-year-old girl from Umtrai village in Ri Bhoi, has been able to return home after being shot dead. She has been staying for about five years in a place in Nongniah Pune, Maharashtra, after she was abducted from her place of residence.
Nomination papers for this election can be obtained from the party office in Jaiaw from 20th November 2018 between 10.00 am and 5.00 pm.
More than half of the 209 candidates contesting the elections in Mizoram are millionaires and nine of them are involved in various political activities.
Titosstarwell said there are MLAs who are afraid of his position as CEM, and he does not know why they are afraid because when he sits in the CEM seat it is not to intimidate people, but to work to bring laws. related to custom.
After receiving a complaint from the elders that the construction of the PMGSY road in Umphyrnai village to connect to Jyntah village, has not been complete, Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA/MDC Nongkrem, who is also a The Chairman of the State Planning Board of the State Government on Tuesday visited the area to inspect the construction of this road.
“Every year we hold a cleanliness drive twice a year during Christmas and Behdeinkhlam of the Sein Raij Tuber.
These IEC vehicles have demonstrated parts of various major schemes and programs of the Government over the past six years and this has attracted a lot of attention from people who have shared their experiences about the step of the Government.
The Rupang office wishes you a Happy New Year, all readers, with the hope that the year 2024 will bring hope to your family and the society as a whole.
This was stated by the DGP Dr LR Bishnoi in a meeting with reporters on whether the allegation by Gambegre MLA Saleng A Sangma that the armed men have set up a medical camp is true. College in Tura, West Garo Hills.
“You told Kongthei that you came here...” Lanosha asked quickly. “Yes, I told you.
Modi's hunger rate increases.
When asked, Bah Malngiang said, “Yes, I am still talking to the President of the UDP. In fact, I have already told him about my decision to support (the EC). something.
Paul said he has informed the Prime Minister and Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong who is in charge of the Police Department that a High Level Meeting will be held to discuss the matter.
“If you have the talent, what good is it if you don't have the opportunity to reach the world and for me, the obstacle to reach the world is because I come from a poor family who doesn't have the money to bei for the cost of this recruitment trip," she said.
MUSO through Bah A Jyrwa, President and Kong N Shadap, Secretary, said that the Meghalaya Idol Season-I (MUSO) has allowed youngsters to participate in the Meghalaya Idol Season-I. to sing solo or group songs.
As the Vice-President who was to preside over the Rajya Sabha, Radhakrishnan was always good at using words. He used to quote from the Sanskrit books and also from the Holy Scriptures from the Bible. there-there hi.
Dr Mukul said that the price of shynrai im in the market has decreased only in the price of agricultural products produced in the state. The price of rice is T.10/- per kilo.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal congratulated the people on the occasion of Easter and said that the resurrection of Christ is a spirit of hope, confidence and victory.
In General, 251 males or 87.15 percent and 185 or 97.88 percent females passed.
He stressed the employment opportunities for the indigenous people by bringing factories into the state without any impact on the environment such as pharmaceuticals, food processing, herbal medicines and others. .
Those who wish to participate can contact Darihun Sari of MFA on
Therefore, the union demands that the DC should take action by conducting an investigation and punishing the officers of MeECL and the trainers of M/s Satnam Global Infrastructures Company, who are involved in this incident. 144 CrPC, the Disaster Management Act, 2005, the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Meghalaya Epidemic Disease Act, COVID-19 Regulations 2020.
:The new Khasi song, for the Meghalaya State League, is released by the Meghalaya Football Association and the Meghalaya State League and the title of this song is “ALE OLE”.
“There has also been a sense of fear among the people of the North East because of the violence of the BJP,” he said.
The seizure of tablets has increased to 19,000 tablets in 2022, 60,000 tablets in 2023 and 2000 tablets in
Police on Tuesday appeared before the District and Session Judge of East Khasi Hills District after arresting him from Pohkseh, Shillong. Police to remand in Police Custody for further investigation.
THLEN DOES NOT WORK FOR THE DYKHAR! Thus, it can be said that Thlen cannot eat the Dykhar Lyngkien because he does not know anything about the Khasi thought that Shñiuh, Tyrsim or Jaiñphong, through the The power of Jadu-myntor ksuid, they can turn into the blood of that person who has been circumcised and when that Thlen has cleansed that blood-turned person, Death takes away that person who has been circumcised.
The SOPs also allow people to enter into agreements with non tribals and those non tribals can apply for a coal mining licence.
“Within two months, Meghalaya will face a severe financial crisis due to the coal mining ban, unemployment and corruption,” he said.
This is the way of thinking to lay the ribbon or open the foundation stone by the Ministers every day until they don't have time to meet people, to think and shape the future of our state, we should think again. that thou mayest appear before the world.
He said that the school was built in 1963, while Khanapara village was built in the past. However, what is more surprising is that on this day the Assam government through the ASTC, has admitted that the land still falls under the jurisdiction of Assam according to the land documents, said Bah Jeremy.
When inspected by reporters, it was found that the bridge was constructed by M/S Dhar Construction Company, which was constructed through the SRRDA of the Government of Meghalaya, which was funded by the Ministry of Rural Development. The distance is 8km from Mawlaho to Umtyrkhang and Pamlatar.
The team, led by Dorna Director of Sports, Norma Luna, has conducted an inspection to address some of the problems faced by the stadium. The visit was also to inspect the venue for the release of the games and all the necessary equipment for the tournament in order to bring about a successful and fair tournament.
In this regard, the union has requested the Sports Clubs and private teams who wish to participate in this tournament to send their entry fees before the 10th of November. 2023.
From year to year, we have seen discussions and demands to change the Reservation Policy, but they have not come to fruition.
The claim that your religion is the only good one is wrong.
The spirit of giving and service is the most important duty of each and every one of us for the sake of our country and nation.
The family members of the deceased have been angry with the hospital for taking stingy responsibility for the death of the deceased, while the hospital authorities have alleged that it is the stingy action of the district authorities. They didn't give oxygen to the hospital.
The Court said that bail can be granted under Section 37 of the NDPS Act while Article 21 of the Constitution which speaks of the life and freedom of the person is also important.
AIS SujaWhat is your life like?  The Word of God asks this because man does not understand his life.
Every Rangbah has to start a new beginning.
The Tamil Nadu government has said Rs 7,000 crore has been allocated for this year's scheme.
“Many times at the border settlement meetings between the two states of Assam and Meghalaya, as soon as both the CMs appear, they say Status Quo.
They said that they had just eaten in Nongpoh and arrived in Tura on Sunday morning.
Babu Sylvanus said that the politicians who have taken advantage of this issue as their election issue, even after winning the elections have not done anything to improve the situation. to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule.
Anahat, born on October 13, 2008, was part of the Indian team that won bronze medals in the women's team and mixed doubles events squash.
We don't have any complaints against anyone's Holi, India is a country that gives freedom of worship, there are many different ethnic groups or religions and we don't oppose anyone's religion,” said Sohtun. .
Hek said he expressed his personal suggestion that it would be better for the BJP if it nominated women candidates from Shillong and Tura.
Meanwhile, the leaders who attended the meeting were senior officials from the State Government of Meghalaya and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
The chief guest who witnessed the closing ceremony of the tournament was Kong Y. Mawlong ADC South West Khasi Hills District. West Khasi Hills District and other government officials of SWKHD. 85 Meghalayans have returned to the state from Manipur after the increasing unrest in Manipur on Thursday.
Producer Group, Chief Minister, East Jaintia Hills
When they had broken the one they had covered, they replaced it with another, and so on all the day.
“Instead of sending it to your friends, it would be better to send it to the Police, the Commission or any relevant authority so that they can provide assistance but don't throw it away. our behavior and what should be done according to the law, will always be done according to the law," she said.
Speaking after the inspection, Pa'iem Patrick Syiemïong, said that on receiving information about the incident, he sent people from Warmawsaw and Umsohbar villages to inspect and find out the truth about the road. .
It says that if any Khasi woman marries a foreigner, she will lose her rights as a Schedule Tribe.
First, the 12-hour curfew of the HNLC which started at 5 pm, followed by the protest by the civil society groups.
They said that they have already informed MP Vincent H Pala about this.
Shillong: A truck carrying stone (ML 09 A 6145) has collided with another truck in Shillong this morning. , 53 years old, from Mawsynram, died.
It also fixed a final date on this, and that is June 4, 2023, and the hearing will be held again on June 6, 2023.
(2 Peter 1:5-11) Brethren, we need to pray and ask the Lord for strength to have love because as Jesus said that in the last days the love of many would grow cold. .
L) E. Bareh, Chief Executive Member of the United Khasi and Jaintia Autonomous District Council Shillong (NYA) has filed a case in the High Court against the Assam government. On the grounds that the Pnar, War and Bhoi (as mentioned above) are the same Khasi, he appealed to the Supreme Court but it did not succeed.
If he is perfect, why is he sad? There are many people who hide in the saying, "He that endureth to the end shall be saved".
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 10: The Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM&RM) in collaboration with the BDO of Ranikor C&RD Block today held a Block Level The theme, “A Solid Start for a Brighter Future” was held at the Hall of the BDO Office, Ranikor C&RD Block.
The RBI has directed banks not to issue these 2,000 notes to the public.
“I still want to run the dorbar as well as the upcoming elections, I too have decided to resign after running the dorbar because I don't feel I have the right to sit in the House. I've been working for a long time, but when I looked at my desk, I saw a letter of NC, how can I continue my job if they don't trust me? spirit" he said.
“Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ?” 1 Corinthians 6:1
Jowai: While voting, the people found that after they had cast their vote, only the symbol of the BJP (Lotus) appeared even if they cast the symbol of the sword.
The students have complained to the Laitumkhrah Police Station that when they went to apply for jobs and showed their documents and certificates received from the school, no one accepted them. say that they are fake certificates.
The Divisional Forest Officer in collaboration with the District Administration of Mawkyrwat has organized a day of environmental awareness in Mawkyrwat. The theme “Beat Plastic Pollution” was also held at the Mini Secretariat, Mawkyrwat.
If the people in many countries of the world do not surprise and call upon the name of God, there will be more and more suffering as God sent in Egypt long ago.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah PT Passah-Working President of Meghalaya State Volleyball Association as the chief guest, Ayush Murya-CEO Cantonment Board as the guest of honour. Colonel Thapa, BR Rana, Deputy Headman Kamal Chetri and Principal of St. Anthony's and Gurka Patshala.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Sñiawbhalang Dhar said that he cannot promise anything for the RHC, but he said that all the requirements of the Committee will come to the office of the RHC. The RHC was enriched by the songs of the students and members of the Standing Choir Myrïaw Presbytery.
“Therefore, the employees of the council should not worry or be afraid because the money is with the state government and the Executive Committee has not sat idly by and will look for ways and means to increase the salaries of the employees.
Assam police have seized drugs worth T.718 crore and arrested more than 4,700 drug dealers in
Besides, through this meeting, the union also sought clarification on the inability to fill the vacant posts after they were advertised in 2019, due to the The Seng is concerned that these vacancies will be filled by others.
The office bearers of the HYC were sworn in by the Vice President of the HYC Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Nickson Dohling and Danny Rynjah.
He said that we get light only 20 minutes a day and we know as residents that there are no bad transformers and there are those who do repairs in relation to MeCEL. Our light shortage is due to the fact that MeCEL supplies light to the cement factories in Narpuh area and it deprives us the residents.
The Accredited Social Health Activists (HSA) have decided to strengthen their strike by meeting in front of the Main Secretariat on the 27th of this month.
Police said the collision occurred on Sunday night between a Scorpio and a Bolero.
As God according to His duty He has already provided according to the demands of man's needs.
“Therefore, let us stand against any attempt to create division in the name of religion.
But as soon as he came to propose, he decided to speak straight away.
The Deputy Secretary has also sent the same letter to all Private Universities to direct them not to affiliate with any Institution/College, otherwise the Degree will not be recognized by the State Government and Meghalaya Private Universities. Universities Regulatory Board (MPURB).
He said that under this Saubhagya scheme, within six months, up to 600 households have been electrified and it is a faster process compared to other schemes like Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY). ).
Even the poor and the rich have benefited a lot under the rule of the AAP government. If the AAP government can rule in our state and here in Central, we will see many changes. peace and happiness.
New Delhi: The CBI has searched nine premises of three cities after conducting probe against former Chief Minister O Ibobi Singh and others for a complaint of misuse of the 332 crore from the funds related to various projects in Manipur, according to a report on Thursday.
The MLA, MDC and MP schemes are also not available.
T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner and District Election Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, launched the flag as a sign of opening the race which started from the Deputy Commissioner's Office and ended at the Deputy Commissioner's Office. Photonew, Mawkyrwat.
“Wushu : In the Wushu tournament held at Don Bosco School, different districts have won, although East Khasi Hills is still the district that has won the most victories.
On the other hand, he said that no dewbilat has been received from the government factory of MCCL for more than 10 years.
The meeting will be held on the 24th of this month at Umsaw, Sohiong-East Khasi Hills at 11 am.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle today demanded that the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should change the names of some places or land. The village is not named in a foreign language.
Besides, he said that the Government of India is committed to establishing the NERIE training center in the State, which currently has only 50 students for the B.Ed course. for the entire Northeast region.
The meeting was attended by the CEO of the Shillong Cantonment Board and the Ward Commissioner.
Shillong: U MLA of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, today met with the Minister in charge of PHE, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar. to discuss the Jal Life Mission scheme.
Many young people who have completed their education in various fields do not want to live in villages where there are no employment opportunities and other income development activities. A young woman who has to look after the household of her parents but has to work far away from her parents because there are no job opportunities. go to the village.
Shillong: The total amount of money spent in connection with the Covid-19 pandemic has reached T.816,22,52,312 crore today.
He expressed the inappropriateness of the strike as this work has affected the lives and livelihoods of the people of the state.
This was announced at the beginning of the Parliament session today.
The Pyrman and questions of the Clear Court.
The final phase of the trial was held in the presence of former United player Denis Irwin, who was impressed by Freddy's talent. your skills within this trial.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie today said that it is up to the top leaders of the BJP in Delhi to decide whether he will continue to serve as the President of the party. President of the BJP in Meghalaya.
There are 10 toll gates in Jaintia Hills (one in Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills and one in Ialong, West Jaintia Hills).
A young woman in Guwahati, has warned a scooter driver, by hitting her scooter, until it fell into the road.
The deceased were identified as Rohit Kshiar, 14, of Mawlat Village and Dilibon Tangsang,
An earthquake measuring 5.4 on the Richter Scale shook many residents on Tuesday night.
Yes! There used to be an old school building, but for the reasons that the building has collapsed and the students are no longer comfortable living there, it is through his initiative through the listening of the government authorities that they have allocated funds. Special attention has been paid to the improvement of the Khonjoy A Government Lower Primary School so that the students will no longer have any difficulties in learning.
“We are still waiting for the exact information as at present the only information we have is the date, time and place where she (Sr.
The District Talent Committee will include staff from the Department of Education, Sports & Youth Affairs and those who have talent in such fields.
Swell is not appropriate and not legal and so on.
Maulana Fazul Karim, who is also the Secretary of the Assam Ulema-i-Hind's Association, led by Maulana Badruddin Ajmal, President of the AIUDF. The arrested were Maulana Fazul Karim, 49, of Darrang, Abu Bakr Sidique, 55, and Saidul Hoque, 29, of Kamrup. ), Jawed Mazumder (25) of Cachar, Mozidul Islam (25), and Faruk Hussain Khan (32) of Barpeta, Saiyad Ahmed (27) and Arman Hussain (25) of Dhubri, Nadim Akhtar (23) of Hailakandi, Khandakar Nur Alom of South Salmara, Maulana Yaseen Khan (26) of Goalpara, Maulana Basiruddin Laskar (65) of Hojai, Mujib Uddin and Mortuza Hussain Khan of Karimganj.
In fact, it is better and more honorable to leave than to be driven away like miaw ki ksew.
According to the information gathered by the Seng, it found that for the post of Record Clerk, about 15 questions are in Hindi and this is a disadvantage to the Khasi youth who have prepared and written the. examination for this post.
This program is conducted for the preservation and protection of wetlands as well as for waterfowl around the world and is held once a year between July and June. programs People involved in these activities across Asia and Australia visit wetlands in their countries and observe the birds that live in such areas.
Just as we have bought our land at a high price, they have bought their land at a high price.
He said that Marmaiñ PHC is a long standing dream of the people of Marmaiñ area where they have to go to Umden PHC besides the bad road. As an MLA, he has been monitoring from time to time to fulfill the wishes of the people and it is a great pleasure after the opening of the PHC today and at the same time it will also be a The GNM School of Nursing has been inaugurated as a training ground for the students of the area.
The rule of law in the past four years has been fraught with allegations of corruption.
Although the party came second in the MLA election 2018 from this constituency, it has decided to withdraw. and he went away.
However, you may not have a tiffin box in a styled compartment.
Which country and nation is wise and understanding? A wise and understanding country and nation is a country that provides security and protection for those who will come.
Dakhar and Garo are laughing.
The participants called the march 'Kanakapura Chalo' and led by the Hindu Jagarana Vedike and accused Congress MLA DK Shivakumar of being involved in politics of appeasement. The 114 feet tall statue of Jesus will be erected at Harobele in Kapalabetta.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Samuel James Lyngdoh Kynshi, former winger of Shillong Lajong FC, has been named in the squad. India's foreign national team will compete in the Asian Games in Hangzhou, China.
The answer came from them, "Yes, you are my son.
They recalled that in the past, there were thieves who smuggled from Bangladesh to India to steal crops from neighboring villages, but when the owners found them, they killed them. However, as soon as such incidents happened, the Bangladeshis turned to the Khasi, who lived in that country, to intimidate the forty tribes, and there was also a threat to them, which led to the that they may dwell in low spirits.
The meeting was conducted by Bah HS Diengdoh, President of Badminton Association and Nemoralda Nongrum, Treasurer of Badminton Association.
However, alcohol is available throughout Bangladesh, as other non-Muslims living in Bangladesh and visiting are not subject to the strict rules of the law. “There are also companies which have been approved by the Government to manufacture kyiad, which produce kyiad but they do not. rarely while resold at high prices.
Thomas said KHNAM wants to turn to the Roster System and discuss it as it should not have been implemented since the Reservation Policy was introduced in 1972, but should start from now. prospectively after the Court has issued an order.
In Mahendraganj, MLA Dikkanchi D Shira has distributed food items and clothes to those affected by the floods, said a statement from the AITC. Sohra has received 811.6 mm of rainfall in 24 hours and 972 mm of rainfall in 24 hours. July and the third rainiest month in 122 years, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said.
If we say that God has created only us Khasi, we are destroying the power of God.
Reliable sources said that the NPP may not file its nomination papers tomorrow, but will file its final nomination papers on July 10 as it is in doubt who will file its nomination papers for the election.
On the opposition of the political parties to the construction of the railway line, Gourab said he does not understand this but the AICC will listen to the voice of the state leaders.
Even if they listen carefully, the people may forget them completely.
The Seng strongly warns against such people who are willing to commit such acts and will not forgive anyone and will take strong action if found.
Nongpoh: Two youths from Baridua village, Ri Bhoi, Boney Narleng and Albert Nongrum, have died in a tragic accident at Khanapara last night. The bike was hit by a dumper number AS-14-C-0
Dlessing Lyngdoh scored two goals (21', 88') for Nangbah Iawmusiang.
The Home Department is also the Department of the UDP. Another issue is the acceleration of the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule.
On this occasion, a song was also sung in memory of the Myllung of Khasi Jaintia who passed away 74 years ago.
In the rule of law, the Central Government will have to listen to the parties in power even though those parties have a border only as far as Khanapara.
The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department of the State Government has allocated more than T.5.92 crore for the implementation of the groundwater pumping scheme to be distributed to four villages in the village. Carrier.
Leikirang Suiam scored the first goal for FAM in the 9th minute and Pynsngatnmiki Papang scored the second goal in the 54th minute.
It is estimated that tens of thousands of foreign workers will come to live in these 6846 villages only in Khasi Hills, not in Jaintia or Garo Hills.
Shillong: Members of SBWYA and members of Jaintia Youth Welfare South Eastern Border under the leadership of SBYWA President Skhembor Shadap and JYWSEB Secretary Chaphrang Pajuh The road from Wah Lama to Nator village in East Jaintia Hills District has been damaged.
To break and overcome any differences of opinion in a spirit of forgiveness and responsibility and to focus on the goal of victory especially in times of great trial for the nation.
In another incident, a Bajaj Discovery Bike (ML05-7127) belonging to Afjol Ali was stolen from the parking lot opposite the Assembly Hall Khyndai Lad Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by Bah N Antonio War, President of Congress Shillong City.
Varma said the company is 100 percent environmentally friendly and has no impact on the production of batteries using Aloe Vera, which is a commodity. and the production of these batteries is aimed at cleaning up the waste generated through electronics, air pollution and other obvious problems.
Sawakahi Syngkon (2/44), Yoolang Suting (1/39) and Doliza Lyngdoh (1/49) took wickets.
When people go to tourist destinations, they prefer to sit in the grass because of the cleanliness and rest and they also sleep on the grass and sometimes when they want to eat together, they I don't want to go to the field.
“When I filed my nomination papers for the MDC elections in 2014, Entry IX of the Prevention of Disqualification Act, 1973 allowed me to become an MDC and MLA. However, now suddenly, the state government wants to abolish this by implementing it from 1st March.
According to information, in these days since the ban on coal mining in the state, the influx of foreigners has increased like farms and many of them have been bsuh and stay in such market stalls. that's why.
Videos have circulated on social media showing that many of the players have had to walk to remote areas.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, after finding the shops without proper documents, has ordered the closure of the shops and ordered them to go to the District Council office for to provide the documents.
Prestone said that the ground breaking ceremony is a public announcement that the construction of this border road will start. He praised Kynjaimon Amse, Santa Mary Shylla, The Waheh Shnongs of the area, who remind the Symbud Kongsan from time to time regarding this road.
Shillong: The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 is a violation of the Constitution of India on Tuesday.
We cannot rely on the rain to provide us with electricity.
On the 27th March, the First Division match will be between Dulong and Sohmynting at 12.00 pm, while the Super Division Football match will be played on the 28th March between Khimusniang and Mukhla Raij SC. Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai on 31st March will hold the Fit India Freedom Run 4.0 and National Unity Day Run, Diwas) for both boys and girls.
Once again, the fierce struggle in Garo Hills, will be a golden opportunity for the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills, that if he doesn't win, the post of Chief Minister this time, will open up a good opportunity to get a person. Lajong, by the people themselves will have to take a decision in advance who really wants to win more, whether the NPP, UDP, but for the Congress party, because of the differences. Vincent Pala and the entire MPCC team will once again have to start from scratch, because the five current MLAs who have decided to support the The MDA government has doubted whether they will contest from this party in the upcoming elections.
The father and relatives of Vishwa will come to Nongpoh to pick up the body tomorrow.
The district authorities led by the Executive Magistrate and police immediately rushed to the school to prevent any incident.
According to him, it is easy to point fingers at the Government but to blame does not help.
KA JINGBAM SAP:-The writers have been writing and the readers have been writing but the writers have been writing. There is no writing in the past. The cows from the village have gone to give the babu but now that the world has become so bright that the light is too bright, the eyes have been blinded to see that the percentage has started. It is not long before the parents have to give their children to the masters or the slaves or whatever they want if the parents need their help. You don't want to get anything, you don't have anything to eat, you don't have to work hard, you don't have the salary you don't have, you don't have the right to earn money. How can we expect the development of the villages, the country and the nation if you are still riding a horse? and to the society and if I say anything there are many reasons why they have led from Delhi who doesn't know how to corrupt is a fool.
The complaint also said that Monlister is the Sector Officer of Khliehriat constituency but he has misused his powers.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Congress chief from Delhi, who has just been appointed as the chief minister of Meghalaya, may arrive in Shillong tomorrow. Media reports said that he will arrive on the 7th of this month, and it has not yet been confirmed whether he will arrive tomorrow or on the 7th.
Jowai, June 18: The West Jaintia District Sports Association, Jowai will celebrate its 50th Golden Jubilee on the 22nd June 2023 at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai at 1 pm. day.
The East Jaintia District Sports Association (EJDSA) has expressed its deepest condolences on the passing away of Ma Pdianghun Dkhar of Moolang.
After these things are over, I hope that we will be able to resume peace talks in the remaining areas".
They are probably those who came from abroad and because the villagers did not explain to them the rules to follow, they used to play music before the cow was slaughtered.
The land for the construction of the PHC has an area of ​​more than 8 acres, which has been approved by the Dorbar Raid Nongbri. It also provides services to more than 21 villages in the area with a population of more than 1300 people.
If there is no such scheme, we understand that it will be very difficult for the MLAs to help each other because nothing can be done only from the schemes of roads, water supply, electricity and others.
““In the upcoming elections, the most important thing is to bring in a clean and transparent Government.
Nirmalet Sd, Headmistress of Don Bosco English School, said that the program has brought joy to many of the students of the school after they have been able to take part in various programs throughout the day. the mental and emotional stimulation of children.
The program was organized by Distar Syiem and was attended by Khasi tyngshops, including Teiborlin Wanniang, Banri Kharsyntiew (SWA), Freewell Riangshiang, Bansahnam Shyrkon, Pynshngaiñ Kharmusalman, Mandashisha Puweiñ and Shaiban Langrin.
“We demand that the government should register these young women who have passed according to the DSC announcement,” said the FKJGP. In 2012, 22 Gram Sevaks (males) passed and all of them got jobs. Within 10 years, only 2 out of 12 Gram Sevikas were employed.
Lovingstar Nongphud scored two goals for Mawliehbah in the 48th minute and Seibor Khangmawlor in the 65th minute. 31st minute.
The results are available at www.megresults.
“We have had a meeting with the women of Mylliem area and they have welcomed the alliance with the HSPDP,” said UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong.
The Sudanese army claims to have strengthened its troops on the road to defeat the Rapid Support Forces (RSF), a military wing.
In this way, any body that has been buried for nine years or more may be removed and placed in places provided by the Church so that the place of burial will be more free.
In 1963, he became the Chief Organizer and Volunteer of the Hill State Movement. In 1968, Indira Gandhi declared Meghalaya an autonomous state.
AICC spokesperson Bobbeeta Sharma said it was impossible for Prime Minister Conrad Sangma to accept the verdict of the court. and also the rules and regulations of the Election Commission of India, proves that he is with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The feed for chickens, growers and parent layer according to the government price is 3250 tyngka per quintal in Khasi Hills and 3500 tyngka per quintal in Garo Hills.
The decision for the title team came down to the final between Man City and Arsenal.
He said that the Barngars who lived in the raid were the ones who stole the Khasi jait, the kur, because the Barngars were still celebrating Bihu.
Besides the church leaders, there were also former students of the school who performed skits and songs, elders who still remember and know Kong Barr in the past 50 years, current students. , teachers, parents and others.
After this incident, the youth and adults who heard about this news through social media, praised the quickness of the man to sacrifice himself for the sake of his friend and called also to the deceased as a true 'Hero' and 'Friend and Neighbour'
“The Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTC) has taken over 400 vehicles to be used on this day. They went to get the money, but the transport department said that the NEC has not released their money”.
In West Garo Hills, there are 17 cases including 3 cases from Selsella cluster, 1 case from Hawakhana cluster, 4 cases from High Risk, 3 cases from Madynagar cluster, 1 case from outside and 5 cases from Upper Derenggre cluster.
“Peace talks aim to find a solution through dialogue and cooperation.
Dr Donkupar Roy received 8,280 votes while Leston Wanswett, who came second, received 7,910 votes in the 2018 MLA elections.
The Vice Principal of KJP Mihngi Higher Secondary School, Wanmi Passah, said that this year, 64 students have sat for the SSLC examination, 27 students have passed the 1st Division and 27 students have passed the 2nd Division examination. there are 34 people.
!!According to the White Paper on Indian States published by Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, in Parliament in 1949-50 regarding the FKS and the 25 Khasi States, the words in the The Federation of Khasi States (KHASI) agrees that no agreement has been reached between the two countries. three parties.
Speaking at the meeting, the chief guest, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that during his tenure as Minister of Forests, the state government has allocated funds for 20 forests. 2015 and each house has been allocated T.25 lakh.
“The Committee feels it would be appropriate to recommend to the state government to set up an SMC to look after the issues of the minorities in the state otherwise, it may reach the point where the majority Christians in this state, they may lose their vulnerability in the state,” said the report of the committee.
However, the PDF and Independent have not been able to respond to these challenges.
In those places which the French conquered, they immediately introduced the land laws and the forest laws.
They will also explain how to transport their products and on that day it is expected that farmers from 40 villages whom he has already informed can arrive.
The union congratulates the Shillong Municipality and Fire Service for their cooperation, said Shane Thabah, General Secretary, MGSPHSVA.SKN. and the Dorbar stood up.
Let us remember that if we love the nation, we should love the language and if we love the language, we should learn literature, but if we don't; we have broken our word.
After the survey, the government will send a detailed project report (DPR) to calculate the cost of the project and will set the appropriate budget before calling the tender.
don't misuse the people's money.
This festival is also an opportunity for the youth of the village to showcase their traditional dance styles in their beautiful costumes.
The KSU Upper Shillong Circle expresses its strong opposition to this story if it is true, as the KSU does not urge from time to time whether it is the Shnong, Kur, Hima or the departments. The Government has decided not to auction the land to the Armed Forces because as we have seen from time to time, the presence of army bases especially in Shillong has affected the traffic. The position of the villagers and especially the Government Department in charge of Forests, to preserve the forests of the state which provide many benefits to the villagers of the state to auction them to the departments. The army has caused many problems and disruption to the villagers and neighboring villages and also has caused panic and injuries to the villagers who pass through these roads. land, because it appears that the military departments have threatened to shoot dead those who enter their territory either verbally or in writing.
H.Elias HSS, after scoring 10 goals in the first half, continued to score 10 goals in the second half. and continue to prevent the players of DKSP Bangladesh from playing too much chess.
Furthermore, Amazon is on track to deliver on these promises and these announcements will be an important part of enabling the company to achieve its goals.
The scheme was implemented in the state in 2012 and the people will receive free treatment less than T.1 lakh.
In badminton and swimming, East Khasi Hills beat Ri-Bhoi 3-1 in the mixed badminton championship at the Tirot Sing Syiem Indoor Stadium.
There was also a football match between the church leaders and government officers to brighten up the day.
Police have registered a case under Section 7(l)(b) of the Immoral Trafficking Act. and these girls were arrested under the Act, said the State Police.
Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement, said that the case has been registered at Nongpoh Police Station under Section 120B/121A of the Indian Act. Two more persons were arrested under Sections 10/13/18 of the UA(P) Act and Sections 5/6 of the Explosives Substances Act.
The park warden said that Kato on that day, was trying to deceive and insert the lion into the lion by deceiving him with the meat he had brought.
“The statement of the KSA leader is something we should take seriously, because it causes tension in the border areas, especially when there is no tension,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Paul and Patowary have not yet announced how many areas have been exchanged between the two states as the talks are ongoing.
“I don't want to show myself as a powerful person, now I will win MDC, after the election I will resign, I don't like it I am a person who stands on the principle that one person should hold only one job. “I have experienced myself as an MLA at the same time as an MDC. It is very difficult for me to serve two masters.
I would like to send this message to appeal to the Rangbah Shnongs to work together with us as an organization for the good of the area as a whole, not just for the benefit of any individual.
They will receive food three times a day from the 7th to the 10th November
The BJP will not be able to attack at all and time will tell, where they have forced the MLAs to resign and I have resigned today”.
The government and the police department will not be able to deploy traffic police on every road and corner.
Jakarta has promised to confirm Israel's participation, although there have been some who have stood firm on the basis of its opposition to the Palestinian country.
Prof Kma said that the members of the Academic Council do not want to discuss the suspension of the NEP but the urgent need to correct the mismanagement.
(g) Infiltration Check Posts.
Abbas's remarks came after several rocket attacks from parts of Lebanon were fired at northern Israel.
Police today shot dead five civilians after civilians attacked the Assam Rifles camp in Mon, after the Assam Rifles shot dead the smugglers. coal.
He said that the metor area which has been in existence for 50 years is now waiting for a place to be relocated and this is the case.
The prayer was held under the leadership of the Mizoram Kohhran Hruaitute Committee (MKHC), a group of various Christian churches, in which all church groups were asked to pray for the The bill will not be passed in the Rajya Sabha.
It is known to improve the immune system, reduce hormonal stress, improve blood pressure and improve mental clarity.
Shillong: The Cardiology Department has started examining patients from today, 3rd June 2019 and 33 patients have been admitted till 1 pm.
“After this meeting, we will take it to the Chairman of the High Level Committee and we will invite the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to discuss this issue. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything after the election,” he said.
At the same time, the President of HYC War Jaintia said that the council is meant to maintain, but it is not lost. , but they have no development projects and as the party strongly opposes the CEM's statement that the people did not elect MDCs only for money, but to do something or to protect the people of Jaintia Hills.
He said that the most shocking thing is that after the rulers of the nine villages and the Sengbhalang, went down to survey the road and found that there was not enough contractor. and he was ashamed, and sent another seven inches.
The bodies were lying lyngktar on the bridge and police rescue teams also arrived late at the scene due to the 10 km traffic jam.
The participation of the President/Secretary in raising various questions led to a lively discussion especially on the affiliations of youth clubs and NYKS. received a greeting from U Lamphrang Diengdoh to all the participants.
The Minister of Agriculture, Meghalaya, Kong Mazel Apareen Lyngdoh, said that some of them are self-employed and earn Rs 2 to 3 crore per annum.
Meanwhile, the third meeting was held on the 21st of this month in front of the old DC Office in Khliehriat.
Noting that the farmers are facing difficulties after the termination of the fertilizer subsidy, Bah Banteidor in a letter summarized the need for fertilizers in the State such as Urea, DAP MOP, SSP and others.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter SDkhar, said that he has not received any information on whether there has been any damage but he understands that as Meghalaya is in the path of the earthquake. (Zone 5), people should be vigilant, to keep their homes safe from any danger.
In a letter sent to the Director/Addl.Director, Director of Health Services of the State Government, the union recently expressed its regret over various allegations by the candidates who have filed for the post. Staff Nurse' according to the announcement issued by the Director of Health Services, Shillong, Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, has expressed its deep sorrow over the publication of a chapter of the ICSE Sociology textbook for the students of Class XII, which is written on marriage.
The NPP, in a meeting on Saturday, made it clear that it will withdraw from its work with the BJP government in Delhi if the government does not. The bill was submitted to the Rajya Sabha.
Peter, as a good young man, encouraged the old man not to be sad because he would help him with the car and clothes for his children.
Samla Lakyntiew said that the non-payment of salaries to teachers, ASHAs, non-payment of salaries to cooks has caused them to face difficulties even to pay their household expenses. their children's school fees.
“Once all the members have been appointed, the Board will work fully to prepare recommendations to various government departments to implement for the development and progress of the state and the country. roi that about.
To discuss this, the KHADC has arranged to hold a meeting of the Rangbah Shnongs together with the members of the Committee Shnongs at 12 noon at Student Square, Jaiaw, Shillong. All Rangbah Shnongs and Village Committees are invited to attend the meeting on the date and time scheduled.
Therefore, the Dorbar warns all the villages not to allow any individual or family, group or community to settle within the boundary of the Hima Langrin, without the knowledge of the Hima Langrin. the King and the Council.
The union also found that there are small factories producing fertilizer in this area, but how many fertilizer factories can produce fertilizer with these modern scientific waste management methods without providing space for these workers in the area. this bag.
At the same time, he said that the railway line is one of the areas where the government has to take measures.
The agenda released by the BJP today includes about 17 agenda items that the BJP has already put forward in English and Garo.
Three people died in a newly constructed room at the National Institute of Biotechnology, Umsawli, Government of India. , New Shillong which was laid the foundation stone on 4th October,
Marak at his office, and during the meeting they learned that they have received the arrear and salary for the months of April, June and July and they will soon be released.
“We will continue to move forward because we don't want to face the problems and sorrows that have come upon our brothers and sisters, as we have faced many times in the past,” said the president of the JSU. The time has come for the Union and also for our fellow citizens to wake up from their sleep and stand up and fight for our rights without fear of shame. “We too need economic development, health and safety measures,” said the president of the union. He also appealed to all the passengers, drivers and others to The union also urged the people to remember the suffering they have faced for many years.
He said that after he erected the statue in the ground floor of his house, many villagers came to see it and foreigners also came in to see the statue. he.
The MKDC also expresses its gratitude to the MLA Nartiang Constituency Ma SDhar for his hard work in bringing about a lot of development in the past five years (2013-2018).
AJ.Syngkon, today came to explain to the public on clean governance. The meeting was convened by the VPP Khliehriat Circle at Khliehriat West Community Hall.
Thongni also expressed his happiness to join the party and the main reason for his resignation from the Congress party which he has worked hard for since 1989 is because of the He is not a rich man and the Congress accepts only the rich.
He said that the employees and supervisors of the zoo, when they go to feed, open the door of the zoo to keep the animals, put the food and as soon as they finish putting the food. , they closed the door again.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 3 cases, in Ribhoi 8 cases and these include 5 soldiers and 3 others.
Mayral Born said this will be difficult for the residents of the state, especially in the rural areas as they are still afraid to register themselves with Adhaar.
In that election, the BJP candidate from Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, received 75,790 votes while Rikman G Momin from Tura received only 31,384 votes.
These are the incidents and problems that have affected lakhs of people, where the lockdown has severely disrupted the work of MeECL, which has had to send employees who do not know how to count and sa on the other hand, besides the loss of income, due to the curfew; However, there has been a sharp increase in the price of fuel and when this is the case, the promise of assistance of the government, to the contractors or mysteries (without mentioning others), has not been fulfilled at all, not even a single. part, from which they have to pay electricity.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Executive Member in charge of Council Building, Bah Jambor War EM Elaka Department and Bah Mitchell Wankhar EM Fisheries Department of the Council.
He said the Cabinet will consider the decision at the next meeting.
When asked, Shullai said that the RR Colony Society is the only welfare committee like the Jhalupara Village Council which has a Headman, the Keatinge Road Society which has a Headman and the Oakland Society which has a Headman. the Headman.
Three Congress MLAs, Dr. Ampareen from Shillong East, Mohendro Rapsang from Shillong West and Kimfa S Marbaniang from Rambrai, have joined the NPP. and also contest from the party in this election.
“You can oppose, but there must be a reason to oppose, but the limit has reached the point where Jowai has to be closed down.
“To the judges, I have escaped the criticism and speech,” agreed the neighbour. After they had sat for a while, the neighbor went home.
In Shillong, 43.3mm of rainfall was 111.5mm today, 20.4mm in Umiam and 41.4mm today.
Twenty-five houses have been affected during the past 24 hours, 24 have been slightly damaged and one has been severely damaged.
“I look forward to the day when all the poor have ration cards to get food, gas connection from the Ujjwala scheme, electricity to their homes, running water. , an Ayushman Card and a good house,” he said.
However, Bah Kurkalang said that they are not against the natural fertilizer but also suggested that the chemical fertilizer should also be given to the farmers.
The question now is can she control it? We haven't forgotten! A party oriented government cannot do this.
However, these MLAs whom we have elected often take care only of the issues that stir up the minds of the people in order to change politics and win votes in
He also indicated that the party can also make alliances with other parties who have the same objective to contest the elections.
The winner of the Open to All Men's Single was Eraphael Dkhar who defeated Deoricious G Chullai 11-6, 11-8, 11-9, 11-7 Eraphael Dkhar and Deoricious G Shullai won the All Men's Doubles title by defeating Rabin Passah and Muni Kynjing 11-4, 11-9, 11-9, 11-9
He said that there has been a lot of dissatisfaction within the Congress party in Sohiong with the behavior of Bah HDR because he has acted violently without calling for an application for the ticket but he has given it to his own son. He said that in Sohiong, his son was not considered a villager but a foreigner.
He said that during these years of drought, all the activities have had to be suspended, but the agriculture has been going on without any interruption even though the farmers have had to go out to the farms to complete the work. agriculture to provide food and drink.
To prepare for the polling, the General Observer also met with the Zonal Magistrates of Zone IV, Sector Officers of Sector 10, BLOs from various Polling Stations and Village Leaders. or arrangements for the smooth running of the polling on the 27th June this year which is the day for the re-election of the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly.
“However, as soon as we arrived at the scene, after meeting us, they took us away and then we understood that we had been kidnapped,” said the elders. They arrested them and demanded T.5 lakh from their relatives.
“Both the DCs of East Jaintia Hills and the DCs will conduct a joint inspection and send the full report to the committees of Meghalaya and Assam.
There has been an allegation that the DC's office has promised to allocate 75 acres of land to the BSF troops to set up a camp at Umkyrdeiñ Wah Sarang of Umchong village. There has been a memorandum of understanding between the army, the DC's office and the eight Rangbah Shnongs of the area including Suchen Rim, Suchen Mulieh, Suchen Dhana, Suchen Lumiaraiñ, Iap Mala, Wah Sarang, Deiñslalu and Lumshken.
Swaki Dhar scored the first goal for Luti Tuber WS in the 48th minute.
Police are conducting investigation to find out whether the woman died or if there is anything behind her death.
Aizawl: The Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP) on Tuesday staged a protest against a Congress candidate for marrying an illegal man. from the Mizo community and who is to contest the elections to the 9th Legislative Assembly of Mizoram.
In the second match, Assam Rifles Public School (East Khasi Hills) beat Bakenang Sec School (North Garo Hills) by five goals. 39.41 min) August Million (29 min).
He said that Bah Kimfa himself is a person who doesn't talk much, but he is a person whose actions speak more often.
“Police were shocked after breaking the lock and entering the house, they found only his wife, Anjura Khatoon.
We are ruled by our emotions and when our emotions are still strong, we feel that we don't want anything.
He said that the victory that the party is happy to accept was during the struggle with the MUA-II government through the issue of Save Hynniewtrep Mission or ILP which the party did not receive during the 1990s. The Congress government, however, said it will not back down and will fight hard for the issue.
The Khasi Hima in the land of Bri U Hynniewtrep from Rilang to Kupli, through the period since 1824 have been in wars, bloodshed with the French and then there have also been receptions of the French through the treaties & engagements.
Nongstoiñ, June 01: A Swift (Swift) registration No ML 07 B driven by Nebelnes from Umsaw village, Nongstoiñ, Umsaw, Shillong, has collided with another vehicle. When it reached Porsohsat near the office of the Fisheries Department, it collided with a truck bearing the registration number ML 07 A 6276 driven by Bah F.Nongsiej. Sohpian village is located in West Khasi Hills.
“Their goal is to get the Khasi language recognized in the Sixth Schedule,” he added.
According to the DC's order issued on the 19th of this month, “Due to the rapid spread of COVID-19, it is necessary to urgently prepare Ambulances in the villages and townships, so that they can be used in connection with the COVID cases and during the transportation of COVID patients/dead bodies. “N95 or double mask should also be worn to avoid the spread of the virus,” said the DC, Khliehriat.
The climb to the top of Lum Sohpetbneng had to pass through hills, roads and streets.
M Lakiang, DMC-SSA, West Jaintia Hills led the recitation of the NIPUN Bharat Pledge.
This village is one of the villages of Nongtrai.
These are the questions that the government and KHADC should answer.
We are still fortunate that we have RTI, the media and the Court to fight,” said Bah Rymbai.
We wish them peace in their new home and it is also a warning to us, because we should not be too slow when handing over the country and the nation”.
Joe said that in this election, the MSA will also be ready to ask for financial assistance, as part of the preparation and preparation for the election. The state team will qualify for the tournament to be held in Bengaluru.
The main purpose of the union in convening this meeting is to ensure that from time to time the poultry farmers of the area come to the union to complain about many problems faced in the industry. their cows.
According to him, the 2023 elections will prove whom the people of Mairang constituency will elect, whether they will elect a trader who uses money or the truth.
At the end of this ceremony, a prayer was held called the purpose of which is to plead and ask God the Creator to pour out His blessings on His thousands of children. We can clearly understand how the Khasi believes firmly in God and people, in Truth and Righteousness, as well as in the peace and harmony in the house of God.
He said that such meetings will encourage him and the Nongsain Hma team to work better in the future to serve the people through the provision of information and news. the society of the state as a whole.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 7 new cases and 277 active cases in the State.
Therefore, it is a golden opportunity for the people of Meghalaya to engage in this industry of raising cows, pigs, cattle, goats, fish and cattle breeding.
The incident has sparked protests among doctors in the state.
The Finance Minister noted in her speech that this will include research activities for more efficient seeds, adoption of modern farming methods, linkages to markets, purchase, further improvement and crop insurance.
As of Tuesday, a total of 16 candidates have registered for the three constituencies.
After this successful treatment, the patient showed signs of strength in his oxygen, and after recovering completely he was discharged.
Shillong: Muster roll employees from various government departments today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong to demand that the government should make them full time employees of various government departments. many years.
He added that the government is ready to provide assistance to develop sportsmen who can represent the state at the national and international levels. There is a strong relationship with the sports federations of the state to promote sports, so that the state can select sports athletes from the state to represent the country in the 2032 Olympic Games.
But the spirit of help is very strong.
Real Madrid's La Liga match against Valencia ended in a 2-0 draw.
After about three months, they harvest again so that the wheat will grow well.
There are 862 cases in the state and 515 cases in East Khasi Hills.
“Referring to the fact that the disease is spread by the infection of skaiñ, tyngkhap, he said that the department urges the farmers to keep their farms clean and tidy by cleaning them. medicine.
Meanwhile, officials of the Ministry of Environment have blamed climate change and especially global warming these days for causing the earth- the environment to dry up and dry up.
We don't count the Garo in Assam and elsewhere, because if we count them together, there is no comparison, because they are too many.
Even the king himself did not dare to speak wrongly or to lie or to speak evil of anyone.
Why is he looking so closely at the camera? Mr Solicitor, this is a complete violation of the rights of democracy.
On this occasion, a song and dance performance by the students was also held.
The residents of these areas and also those who pass through this road have urged the government especially the PWD department to take immediate action by repairing the parts of this road which has been badly damaged. .
If the owners will set the car.
LP/UP School in June 2020 and the interview was conducted in November 2020 and the result was released on 25th June
U Bah P.Nongshillong, Sordar of Mawïamsyiem, said that many of the leaders have come one after another, but they have ended up with promises without fulfilling a single one to implement and no one has turned away. face lem to the area.
However, the driver and others in the vehicle fled the scene leaving the cargo in the truck.
This way of thinking is very important but there is doubt after what we have seen in the past.
Meanwhile, six persons arrested on Thursday were released for innocence.
However, despite the efforts of the Minister of PHE, the church owners have to buy water from Thursday to Sunday despite the free assistance from the PHE Shka Umbuit.
Speaking at a public meeting, Abhishek Banerjee urged the people to warn those who have led the MDA government for the past three years, which is a corrupt government. He issued a warning on 27th June to remove those who sell themselves in Delhi and who take advantage of the love and happiness of the people.
“The government has appealed to the Supreme Court, which has also set a date for the hearing but has not suspended the order of the High Court,” he said.
Khliehriat, Naitung, 09: The National Highway-6 in Narpuh East Jaintia Hills District has been badly damaged and has caused a lot of traffic jam on the road. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has informed that the KSU will invite all the Waheh Shnongs of the area to discuss the condition of the road and a decision will be taken on how to improve the road. Let's talk about this problem that the people face from time to time.
This happened on Thursday at about 3:30 pm.
"“This is thought provoking, as there is still a program of the Government Department where officials from all over the North East and India come to this state to take part in that programme, the Government it does not want to show that the state is in the midst of violence, in the midst of persecution and killing from time to time.
The JSU urges the state government under the leadership of CM Conrad Sangma to talk to the central government to listen to the demand of the people to introduce ILP in the state.
Three hours after the sentencing, Kiang Nangbah was hanged at Iawmusiang, Jowai which was also the day of Musiang in the presence of the soldiers and all the residents.
The Minister said that the government has asked for three months to implement the new scheme.
Pairing Pale from Umpowin Village in Ri Bhoi District is one of the youths who came out to speak out against the problems of those with disabilities in Ri Bhoi District.
Mooshahary has been the Governor of Meghalaya since 1st November
Speaking to media, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that as an MLA, as soon as he learned of the incident, he immediately informed the Chief Minister and the next day, he himself. He himself visited the scene and after that he went to meet the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and the DGP of the state.
The Blood Transfusion Services are operated by the Meghalaya State Blood Transfusion Council, the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, the National Health Mission and the State Drugs Licensing and Controlling Authority.
The 19th of March 2011, was the year when as a state, the people who love and enjoy football, were able to welcome a football stadium that is perfect and suitable for the environment. There is no artificial turf in this area.
On the 14th of June 2023, the 4 For All Cup 1st Futsal Tournament was held at their stadium.
But what do you think is the best time to eat? Here we have gathered some suggestions to help you think of the best time to eat and also some suggestions to try in relation to it. how to live now to get a healthy body.
Oh hab to follow the rules.
All buses operating from Municipal Parking Lot Mawlonghat and Cantonment Parking Lot Mawlonghat will stop operating on that day.
Wahkhen is also known as the Musical Village or the Village of Riti Dustur which is full of traditional music, where the people of this area have a variety of dances according to the seasons, such as during the planting season. during the harvest and harvest seasons, and it is also a village that is still holding, still improving to preserve traditional music.
In the petition, she said that those who do not complete the NET (fellowship) should be allowed and the salary of those who complete the fellowship should be increased.
The Dorbar Shnong has held a short meeting in accordance with the directives of the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The party said that the people should be allowed to earn and live as usual.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its concern over the increase in the spread of Coronavirus around the world as well as India. NGOs and religious groups to work together to fight against this disease.
The target of the PNGRB is to achieve 100 percent city gas distribution or to deliver gas to all cities except the rural areas.
The celebration will start at 10 pm with a wreath laying ceremony at Mut Tirot followed by public meetings in the presence of Bah Samlin Malngiang Minister, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem Dy.CEM and others. The King and the Ministers were the chief priests.
This child did not cry even after he was born, which shows that there is nothing wrong with him.
KMC Football Club Sonapur, Assam has won and qualified for the quarter-finals of the Mawlangwir Football Invitation Tournament 2023-24 organized by the Mawlangwir Sports Club.
The vehicle was moved from the highway into the forest and the two men were dragged into the forest and stabbed with knives in the hands, feet and head.
“I don't have T.20,000, but he asked for T.30,000, I told him I don't have it and I only have T.20,0 and I'll come back tomorrow morning,” said Bah Pringstar.
Earlier, a meeting was held at the ground floor of the Umdohkha Presbyterian Church, which was conducted by Bah RL Pamshong, Chairman Social & Recreation Committee. BR Nongrum, President of District Saw Balang CE Union, Bah M Damblong, one of the elders of Umdohkha Village and Bah CGR Syngkli, journalist.
The group said that the relatives of the two victims have not yet received any compensation from the Government.
The protest came after the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-1 government took over this year.
In July, I went to Sonapur.
These office bearers were confirmed by Dr.
The absence of a full time Waheh Shnong has caused problems to the people even for the ration, he said, “How can we register to become dealers from the 16th of this month when Without a full time Waheh Shnong and this delay in holding the Waheh Shnong elections shows that there is something behind this action of the Dolloi”.
Shillong, July 08: The Congress Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh, Bhupesh Baghel, has admitted that the increase in the construction of churches in Chhattisgarh was during the BJP rule.
Meanwhile, Bah Blikshon Sohtun said he does not want the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam in Block-2 to be held in the morning and to listen to the voice of the The people of that area shall not be gathered together in the evening, for there shall be no more people.
Vehicles from outside the village will not be allowed to enter the village on that day until the cleanliness drive is completed.
Replying to the claims by the candidates that Bah Martle is too old to become MLA, Bah Martle said that these are just claims to mislead but not only the people of Makynrew. One or two but thousands of people have seen that he is still old enough to fight and he too understands that his body is still old enough to carry this burden of leadership.
On the other hand, the Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar said that the Meghalaya government stands firm in its efforts to create job opportunities to contribute to this goal. to receive the best education to develop children from an early age.
Replying to a question, Dr. Nonglait said that the Prime Minister has promised to look into these demands and said that he will direct the relevant department to take the necessary action.
They are:1.
The Director of Photography has been appointed by Daiinehskhem Dkhar and the assistants are Mewan Tham and Shaibok.
Gladiator 2 will be directed by Ridley Scott and will be released until November
He also condemned the lack of confidence in the state government and the KHADC authorities, who have only shown their hands in the Ïingdorbar, while they have come forward to find out these facts which the people in these border areas have been experiencing. from time to time in cases of attacks on state property.
I want to marry a woman over 22 years old who understands my family.
Conrad was accompanied by his relatives and Dikkanchi.
Shillong, July 02: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Friday announced its Election Manifesto as a promise to the people of the state to achieve the goals of the party. Therefore, I would like to thank you for your services to the people of Meghalaya after the elections.
Shillong: U Emiki Kurbah, driver of the vehicle carrying Agnes Khjarshiing and Anita Sangma, said that while they were getting off, From Shillong to Lad Rymbai at 9:30 pm, Agnes told him that some people had come to offer her money, but she refused. there were other organizations that took money from the coal owners.
Jio company's services to mobile phone and internet users have been disrupted in Nongthliew and surrounding villages for less than 10 months. too much indeed and this was witnessed by many residents and the surrounding neighbourhood.
He called the driver and was picked up by a foreigner and told the owner of the truck that the driver, Nicolas, was asleep.
The churches have not yet opened, the shops have not opened yet, think carefully DC through the government to get you from the rank of DC to OC with this government.
The training and exhibition which opened today will end tomorrow.
Gloria Umsong from Mawphrew, East Khasi Hills and Samla Babiangmon Lapang from Mawphrew, Ri Bhoi District will take part in the celebration.
Therefore, I urge the people of Mawhati area to continue as they have experienced in the past years, because as a leader, besides doing many things related to “But I also want to achieve for the improvement of the road from Umsning to Jagiroad,” he added.
The truck was parked on the side of the Maruti and witnesses said that they found bhang (Ganja) and kyiad from the truck carrying chips.
Matthew 23:37-38.
The point we want to make here is that instead of looking for dirty rivers, we should look for offices of the State Government, or the Government of India, which should be to find jobs for our youth, to visit banks across the State and to meet with them, to ask whether they provide loans or support to our unemployed youth and then to go Find companies to ask if they employ our youth.
Shillong: Congress MLA Zenith Sangma, who is also a member of the Public Account Committee (PAC), on Tuesday said that what will happen if something happens to the road from Umiam to Shillong? There is only one road connecting Umiam to Shillong.
It has affected us as a community.
“People love what they love, they also learn to dig deep, to investigate, to know better what it is like, like those who love music, love wildlife, love love the environment, love our culture, love our nation, love God and others, and the language itself is important because it identifies the nation, we must love from our village languages etc".
Deepika's father Prakash Padukone, mother Ujjala and sister Anisha have tested positive for Covid-1
The GS of Erpakon said that no fire brigade was called as it was useless as the fire had burnt down the house.
Rupang.com is still trying to get more information.
“Instead of hiding our own shortcomings, we should help those who have and are entitled to receive the schemes of the Government of India, through the NFSA and quickly correct the mistakes” At least 62 people have been killed in Punjab so far and police have arrested two more people for allegedly to cook alcohol, which is poisonous, according to the report.
UDP MDC leader Teinwell Dkhar said that so far there are four UDP MDCs who have joined the party, namely Rona Khymdeit, Donkupar Sumer, Equator Nongrang and himself.
Furthermore, the national team has led the tournament as a team that has not been defeated even once and has also qualified for the second round of the tournament. Women’s Junior World Cup 2023.
On the other hand, the health authorities have also struggled to control and strictly prohibited all pharmacies from selling such drugs without permission from them. doctor.
Four armed militants attacked the Pakistan Stock Exchange in Karachi this morning.
Ryan said countries that use a lot of testing, keep suspected cases away from those with the disease, have been able to prevent the spread of the disease.
A bench of Chief Justice DY Chandrachud and Justice PS Narasimha said the case has been placed on the list for further hearing after Advocate Amit Anand Tiwari seeks permission for an early hearing.
Conrad's reply has caused a stir from Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma who wanted the Prime Minister to correct the reply as it does not agree.
Shillong, July 4: The CSWO has been surprised to find that the state health department does not have even a food tester.
East Khasi Hills has 176 new cases, West Garo Hills 111 and Ribhoi 22 cases.
Shillong: Leaders of the North East Students Organization (NESO) including the AASU, AAPSU, MZP, KSU, GSU, TSF, NSF and AMSU today met with Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. in the presence of other political leaders, to discuss with them their participation in opposing the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 16: Mawkhumkha village under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division is one of the oldest villages in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
From the leaders of Ri Bhoi, the Nongpoh Town Committee, the Rangbah Shnongs and the District Administration in the past years have already conveyed to the NHAI that it should take action on this issue. However, unfortunately, until these days, no action has been seen by the NHAI and as soon as the rainy season comes, the people have to face the problem of flooding on the road.
The 2nd NTPC National Ranking Archery Tournament (NRAT) 2023 (senior category) was organized by the Archery Association of Meghalaya at the SAI STC. The NEHU tournament has come to an end today, 27th October, with the awarding of medals to the winners.
“We have received information that the MLA has ordered his supporters and leaders to do whatever they want without ordering them to support the MDA candidate,” said Riskhem.
“You know well about our uniqueness as the Hynniewtrep (Khasi-Jaintia) people and the conflict in Manipur which has caused a lot of damage to the ethnic groups has also caused fear and distrust in the minds. our.
Deuteronomy 28:1–68.
Regarding the allegation of illegal mining, Ma Sniawbha said, “We have tried our best to stop the illegal mining and it is difficult for the officers to Ma Sniawbha said that the TMC will not win more than 7 seats because in Khasi Hills it will not win a single seat. “It's not more than 7 seats in Garo Hills,” he said.
I am one of the members of the Regional Committee for the demarcation of the border which will be held on the 23rd of this month, as informed by Bah Prestone Tynsong.
Japan's Defense Ministry said on Monday that North Korea has launched another missile despite strong threats from the US and South Korea in recent days.
What does it mean that you joined the RDA in 2017, who said the need for the cooperation of the national parties,” said Bah Pangiang.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the MPSO, Ri Bhoi District, have lodged an ejahar against the Facebook account of a private person, for insulting and insulting a woman. A girl in Ri Bhoi District.
If we compare the campaign of other parties with ours, it will be very different.
This was announced by the General Secretary, MEPA, Bah John W. Thabah.
In the final of the women's category, Ri-Bhoi FC beat East Khasi Hills by The third place went to the team of Eastern West Khasi Hills District after beating the team of Eastern West Khasi Hills District 3-2 in a tie breaker. South West Khasi Hills District.
She only lives with her mother because her father passed away about 4 years ago.
The cost of construction of the project has increased from more than T.300 crore to T.13 crore.
It wasn’t until 1951 that the industry began to wake up.
Speaking on the reasons why the state has faced problems in the field of electricity, the Minister said that the state still has to rely on other departments to get electricity because it cannot provide itself. the Myntdu-Leshka Project which has not been able to supply electricity as expected.
Their suspension is because they have done wrong.
The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District, has prepared a place for the breaking of the idols at a place in Umsyllih where the idols of these four puja pandals will be broken in Umsyllih, while the dewbilat factories will be broken in Umsyllih. They have prepared their own places inside their cement plants to break the idols after the ritual on the 5th, the breaking of the idols will start at 1 pm. and is expected to be completed by 4.30 pm.
This means that glucose tolerance decreases as we age.
The list of election issues of the party was prepared after receiving the opinions of the people on various issues.
The quarter final will be played between Real OIG and Rympei at 1 pm while the second match will be between Western United and 12 Dalloi at 3 pm.
Let’s not flinch or take it as a surprise, but accept the facts.
Shillong: There have been 153 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
He said that if Dr. Sangma cannot implement these demands, Henry will take other measures.
“We will ask the government to stop issuing those challans immediately because what is the point of having those challans when the cows are not available,” said Generous Warlarpih General Secretary of KJBA. “If the government doesn't take action to talk to Assam, the time may come when there will be no cow meat in the state,” said the KJBA leader. Klong water is one of the drinks that can provide many health benefits.
The land was taken on the basis that Khyndai Lad is one of the most densely populated areas in Shillong from vendors, buyers to the public.
Some of the words that have been found to be pronounced and that are too expressive to feel excited about any word through the suffixes -ly-, -la-, -na-, -pa-, - re-, -shi- are as follows: ar-la-ar: which does not mean to count together.
Therefore, I request the HNLC to put this rule on the agenda and we hope that the state government will accept and propose this issue as it will be a barrier to the infiltration of foreigners. the citizens of the state," he said.
Sending a patient back to the hospital is a violation of the right to life and this is a crime with intent to kill or a criminal offence.
The next day, another shad puja was held, which was attended by the villagers and neighboring villages.
The Dorbar Shnong Saiden, has opened the parking lot today in a ceremony with a ribbon cutting ceremony, so that the public can use the parking lot. sem up times.
Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor scored in the 8th and 11th minutes, Wanmebantei Kharkongor in the 21st minute and Dibormy Kharkongor in the 23rd minute.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Shiningstar Wanniang, Vice President of the HNYF and other senior office bearers of the HNYF. He said that the presence of various civil society organizations has indeed been of great benefit to the society in many areas.
The Shillong Press Club has strongly condemned the unfounded statement of the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and Nongkrem MLA, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. and demand that he apologize immediately.
Speaking to reporters, the Khasi chicken sellers in the market said that the suspension of the sale of French chickens has increased the market for the Khasi chicken sellers as those who are looking for French chickens cannot get them and have to buy Khasi chickens.
The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill was passed in the House.
This should happen.
Umthli SS beat Musnieng SS 3-2 in the same manner by a shot put after a draw in the U-17 Women's Division.
The award, along with a certificate and a cash prize of T.10,000, was presented by the Vice President of MPA, BG Ladia, while the congratulatory speech was received by Kongka Ranida Shylla, teacher.
Vincent I, who is also the Joint Director of Ribhoi and the District Mission Coordinator (DMC) of SSA, said that culture is emotional and not intellectual.
It is also worth mentioning that Meghalaya has enough testing centres,” said Sanmiet.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District today donated and assisted Mihsalan Truh from Lumshnong village, who has been selected to represent the Asia Youth International Conference. Model United Nations will be held in Malaysia.
The idea of ​​the Government of India, to encourage the poor to borrow money from banks, is what has been done from time to time, where those who want money, borrow money. The proposal this time too, is no different from other years or that there will be special consideration for the covid pandemic, but we must understand that the money will be money and the recipients will have to pay the interest correctly and now, it may be less, but you never know what will happen in the years to come.
This order was issued after receiving information that there are some groups who intend to hold public protests such as strike, march and others in the district and if allowed to hold these protests, will disrupt the peace and order and lead to the loss of lives and damage to property, which will affect the smooth running of the elections in Sohiong Constituency, if not suspended immediately. .
Therefore, we urge the Government of Meghalaya not to sleep anymore regarding the border issue between it and the Government of Assam.
The song is composed by Victoria Jyrwa and produced by Tony Mynsong. The camera and editing is done by Ribarwel Kshiar.
Speaking to reporters, Bishop Elect Wilbert said that the ordination of Bishop will be held on the special day of Divine Mercy Sunday on the 16th June, 2023 in Nongstoiñ.
This party tries to bring about ethnic discrimination in India.
There is no need to talk about corruption, there is no need to protest on various issues because once you win, the same or the same leader will be elected by the people.
“The Deputy Prime Minister should know that even the Constitution of the country was adopted and based on the India Independence Act, 1935 which was passed by the British.
Speaking to Rupang, Adelbert said that he will not back down from the strike until the Village Administration Bill is passed. he was asked to withdraw from the hunger strike.
Bah Ialam said that if they are really the civil society organizations that carry the burden of other residents, they should have gone out and talked to the village authorities to know and dig up the truth. reason.
The Pnar Jaintia don't be too proud to be so proud that they understand the nation not only their own area.
Under the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister, two hotels, Vivanta, which started construction in 1986, have been completed. The Marriott Court Yard has been opened under the current MDA government.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U James Pangsang Kongkal Sangma on Thursday pleaded not guilty to charges of involvement with a coal trader from Assam, Balwant Soni, in smuggling coal from Gasuapara Land Custom Station. South Garo Hills District is located in Bangladesh.
That means that the Ud longtheng accepts the sacrifice and blesses the one who offers it.
Shillong: Four children were rescued from a drowning while swimming in the Khuri Nullah River near the BSF BOP in Lyngkhat village on Friday. .
This time, the KHADC fully supports the Jait Kmie Act.
When Thomas Jones arrived in Sohra, the officers of the British East India Company, who were the chiefs, were corrupt and deceitful.
There are also students who have said that they have passed well and prepared well all the questions according to their text book or textbook and if they pass according to the questions from the textbook they will get 1st Division or Distinction in that subject.
Shillong, Nailar 24: In a separate incident, months later, the mobile phone of Wandarihun Mawlong, who is suspected of being murdered and found dead in Umiam, has been stolen.
Angelica Maring scored 3/24 runs while Bancyful Mynsong (1/6) scored one run.
At the same time , he said that once it has been closed , it has been closed , and he has no other intention but to serve the people , and it is the people themselves who have decided on that day to close it you are a company.
He said that the residents of the state consume about 18,000 MT of pork per annum of which about 10,000 MT is imported and if it can be produced from the state, the income will remain in the state.
The elders of the village were empowered or removed according to their ability to pay the judges" (Giri:57).
It is not an easy task for any family to overcome these challenges, but it is a good effort, which should be encouraged by all.
“On this great day of our people, we as members of HITO, reaffirm our oath to abide by the Constitution of the Seng with body and soul, to serve ourselves for the sake of the people of the country. the bright future of the nation and also to improve the past.
This has been a great blessing to the country.
“Basically, respecting officers when you see shops open there security is also there.
Smugglers hide cattle in forest areas and try to move them to areas where there are no signs when they have the opportunity.
We bought it from the company that makes these bearings and handed it over to a team that usually does these kinds of jobs to install the bearings," he said.
Dr Mukul also asked whether the Chief Minister is willing to say that the situation in the state is good or not.
Although the match ends at 5 pm, there will also be many other performances including music, a song by Jessie Lyngdoh who composed the song for the MSL 2023 tournament.
Jawani Lamare, the office also honored the female staff, as a sign of celebrating International Women's Day
Despite these differences in the salary system, it was observed that there is a strong discrimination against teachers, as these types of teachers receive their own salary system, while the training is same.
Martinez’s contract runs until next year as he signed a five-and-a-half-year deal worth €28m.
Dharampal was reportedly picking up branches from under a tree when the shrieh threw stones at him in Tikri village, Uttar Pradesh.
The contest will be between the NPP, UDP and Congress candidates.
The opening of these shops, which was previously closed in Mylliem Block, will be allowed from 4th June
On June 15, China landed Zhurong on Mars, becoming the second country in the world to land a spacecraft on Mars.
In a statement sent by Flaming B. Marak, Joint Secretary of NGEA, the group was shocked and deeply saddened by the announcement by the Chief Minister and CEM of GHADC. Social Media, that the five month salary will be paid to the employees of GHADC, which is just a rumor and false news.
The training program on Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra was organized by the office of the Central Bureau of Communication and Broadcasting, Shillong in collaboration with various government departments from Ri Bhoi district. Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex in Nongpoh.
The HITO leader said that they are ready to fight against those who come to damage our state.
When we talk about the jobs in the Banking Sector or Private Banks like HDFC, AXIS, INDUSIND Banks and others, we find that the jobs in these companies are known only to them. and the recruitment itself is conducted by the officers of these banks from abroad.
“We have learned how to strengthen our hands in the fight against drugs.
“However, according to the Commissioner and Secretary, the School Management Committee will only be an advisory body but the School Management Committee will remain a strong body to run schools in the state,” he said. u Because Fr.
Shillong: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has met Union Minister of State for Child Development Kiren Rijiju and Defense Minister Rajnath Singh to discuss the issue of introducing the Khasi language. in the fifth chapter.
“As a nation we are fortunate to have the Sohra language which is a language that makes us understand each other and as a nation that has been surrounded by the high paid and as a nation that is only a small nation, it is necessary. to unite as a nation," he said.
"After this meeting in 2014, I led the Cardinals of India to meet Prime Minister Duh three times and in all these meetings he expressed his determination to ensure the protection of Christians in the country.
The competition was opened by the Principal of Seng Khasi College, Bah WB Rynjah.
Therefore, the employees of the Municipal Board will do the same, which means that it will continue to spread the land wherever the villages give land or until it gets land.
The meeting was attended by Rupsing Teron, MLA 20 Baithalangso, Headsing Rongphar, MAC KAAC, D.Uphing Maslai, EM KAAC, Avijit Kro, DC KAAC. West Carby Angle.
The KSU Sohra Unit also invited Bah Aiban Shngaiñ Mawkhroh who designed the statue and Bah Raphael Warjri who provided the monument. This is the story of Myllung Soso Tham.
She said that Dr Mukul Sangma, who is the Leader of the Opposition, is still the Leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) and has not yet removed him from these two posts. Like other parties, there are two groups, one in charge of the party and the other in charge of the Khadar administration.
I wish all those who are sick to get a healthy body soon.
Our ancestors were also intelligent in many aspects of their human world, to preserve their intelligence.
The public is in two minds.
“If you say you don't have eyes, you don't have ears, how can you not see and don't know what we want? We all know that the reservation policy is the reason, it is the problem and therefore we need to revise the recruitment quota”.
The Bouncer Association of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Meghalaya Aids Control Society and Shillong College, has organized a one-day arm wrestling tournament. The Inter College Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 will be held on 22nd November 2023 at Shillong College.
However, let us try as much as we can to compare that thought and vision of the ancients on the sacredness of the Umngot River and at the same time of the Mei-Mariang itself.
There has been a shortage of teachers of up to 1700 schools and the appointment of teachers who have not completed their education up to 70 percent in schools.
The union demands that the government through the relevant authorities should take action and repair the road within two months and if it remains the same, the union will take action. you of the part.
Speaking on the occasion were Nangroi Mannar, General Secretary, EJNC-Sumer Circle, Wansalan Nongrum, President, Allmiky Ryngkhlem, Vice President, EJNC-CEC and Nangjan Dkhar, General Secretary, EJNC-CEC. The EJNC took part in the meeting to explain the position of the EJNC.
On the other hand, AASU General Secretary Lurinjyoti Gogoi said that the AASU and the Assam government are fighting as hard as they can to convince the people that the CAA 2019 has no impact on Assam. The CAA has been strongly opposed because it has violated the Assam Accord.
The AAP MP in the Rajya Sabha, in her complaint, said that Kejriwal's close aide Bibhav Kumar had slapped her seven to eight times. She was shocked in the shadem and kpoh when she went to the residence of the Prime Minister on the 13th of June.
Railways' Sagar, who won the silver medal at the Commonwealth Games 2022, beat Vishal Kumar of Delhi 5-0
It seems that the State Government and the Central Government have lost their knowledge of how to curb the conflict and restore peace.
Strengthening the Central Advisory Board of Education to ensure cooperation in the delivery of quality and comprehensive education.
At present, the government's delay in thinking for the people who earn their living by driving has put them in a serious trouble due to the lack of income.
Your website is www.monolithfestivalshillong.com.
The report said that the truck carrying umphniang has overturned since last night but this morning the residents who saw that there was a spill of umphniang from the truck, took the jerking to catch. oil.
“It (MHA) has not said yes or no on this,” he said.
Rakesh Tikait, who completed his LLB, married Sunita Devi in ​​1985 and it was in that year that he started working as a police officer in Delhi.
The Union Minister of State for Child Development has spent time visiting all the wards of the hospital especially the wards which were known in the past as the European Ward. plan to build a new floor.
All boys under 15 years and girls under 17 years who live in Mawryngkneng Block are eligible to participate.
Gloria Umsong said it was a privilege to be invited to witness the I-Day celebrations in Delhi.
The Maharaja of Tripura was also empowered to elect the Leader for these three Himas and Mr GS Guha was elected as the Leader of Tripura, Manipur and Khasi States to go to the Constituency. The Assembly was held on 4 November
Police arrested the suspects while they were riding in a vehicle number ML08 G
The Under-17 Independence Day Cup was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday. .
“I also wish the children to do well in the future.
Nongpoh is one of the most prominent trading centers in Ri Bhoi District and is also the head quarter of Ri Bhoi District. The Khasi Students Union, Nongpoh Circle has lodged a complaint with the Executive Member in charge of Trade and Enforcement of KHADC. Inspector, Bah V.Bamon today raided many shops of foreigners in Nongpoh.
The writer has spoken to some contractors, who said that most of their work, if it is T.5 lakh, when the money is received, it is only T.50 thousand.
Earlier, they visited the Umkhen River at Thembasuk Madanrting, Umpling, Pynthorumkhrah, Mawlai Mawroh RRC and Marten.
On behalf of the Assam Government, Sarma added that this legislation will help curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh which has been happening from time to time in the North East.
Shillong, March 23: Three persons were killed, 13 seriously injured and 12 others seriously injured when a Night Super Bus overturned at Kong-ong near Tuber village, East. Jaintia Hills.
The Nartiang Market began to grow and develop not only with the encouragement of Syiem Parvat but also with the bringing of the great sacrificial Mawlyngkniap from Mulong Raliang Market to Nartiang Market by Marphalangki and the goddess Raid Raliang who followed him. This is the city of Nartiang.
Nongpoh: Two persons from Meghalaya, Kitboklang Marwein (30) of Mawiong, Mawiong, Jorabat Police Outpost, have been arrested at 10:00 am this morning. Vian Nongrum, 23, of Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District, was arrested on charges of involvement in the smuggling of ganja.
(Soso Tham) The Khasi Jaintia Hills is the country I love.
The distribution of the Good Friday message will continue on Easter Sunday and if it is done in this way, it shows that the leaders of the Christian churches have understood a lot in sharing it. the Word of God, through the new age, and if it is in this form, without fail, they can continue from now on, even in the time of peace, so that the believers may hear the words. Fathers, Bishops, Pastors and Elders from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Jesus rebuked the rich man and said that if he wanted to have a meaningful life he must “share his wealth, his possessions with his fellow citizens”.
During the search, 4.61 grams of heroin were recovered from his body.
Shillong, November 01 : Bihar took a 120-run lead in the first innings at the end of the opening day of the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy against Meghalaya on Friday at Vadodara.
Khliehriat, March 6: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has appointed a new contractor to implement the maintenance of the road in East. Jaintia Hills District extends from Sonapyrdi (km 141+500) to Ratacherra (km 171,455).
Where will this era go? Even in the MLA elections 2023, it is impossible to explain or count because people are too smart and intelligent now.
The most important thing for us voters is that we voters should avoid being cheated by money from candidates or their supporters because we want the election to be free from corruption and that the MLA we elect un light from the bamsap.
When the police received a tip, they followed up and searched for the abductee.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Everjoy Nongpluh, said that the party has received accurate information on the involvement of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, the Hima Mylliem and the District Council in the theft of land in They found that there was a Raid land which was entitled to be owned by the Seng Samla Shnong Umtyrnga, but the land has been sold. not to other non-Khasi people.
Shillong Lajong will play against East Bengal on the 1st of November at the JN Stadium, Shillong in the Hero I-League.
We will not allow the construction of the railway line in Khasi and Jaintia Hills without laws to protect us from being invaded by foreign authorities.
The office of the Rural Water Supply Division, Jowai has been able to supply water to 62 households in Iongthma Nongjngi village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Carla Emika Myrboh, U14 Event- 60M.Enriyana G Momin, U14 Event- Long Jump & High Jump.
Speaking to media, Banpynskhemlang Kharnaior, President of HITO Ribhoi, said that the government's plan to set up a casino in the state will affect the youth.
She said that you cannot just go into the garbage dump and throw as much as you want because there are rules, and by following these rules, you may have to correct this mistake.
Although many members of the party have been arrested in connection with this incident, they have not yet backed down and have been ready to surrender in order to oppose the railway line in Ri Khasi. he added.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,1
Sylvester Mylliempdah took four wickets and Sylvester Mylliempdah for Efty United XI Mynso won the man of the tournament and the most runs award.
The KSU said that after investigation, it was found that these foreigners did not have proper documents, so the KSU has returned them.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : Hundreds and thousands of BJP leaders and supporters under the leadership of former Mawsynram MLA Bah HM Shangpliang have joined the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday. the meeting was held in Mawsynram.
The union has invited applications since 2016 for the posts of Professor, Associate Professor and Assistant Professor in various departments. for these things in these days.
Jowai, July 12: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament was held today at the Wahiajer Stadium in West Jaintia Hills District.
The order referred to the war between Ukraine and Russia and the incident in North-West Delhi where the broadcasts and news broadcast on these channels violated the Program Code.
According to a statement from the office of the Joint Director, from 2nd July 2020, the training programs through the Doordarshan Kendra will be broadcast at 11 pm and will be repeated on other days.
During his journey from Fulham, the midfielder has been able to showcase his talents by scoring five goals in various competitions.
Informing that there are more than 60 units of the NPP across the constituency, Bah Alan said that there are about 40 other groups which do not want to join the party but want to work. He said that even the people of Nongkynrih and Laitlyngkot have said that they are unfortunate because in the past when they were in the constituency of Bah Prestone they were poor but now it is not so.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has criticized the election song of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), saying it has insulted the identity of the Khasi-Jaintia people.
Taking part in the debate against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in the KHADC today, Paul Lyngdoh said, “What is the use of the UDP, Congress and other flags if this is not the case? “I am here as a member of the people, there is no Congress or UDP for the people,” he said.
Nongpoh, July 21: The District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District has announced that the Grassroot Football Training for boys and girls from the age of 6-12 years will resume. They are located in Ri-Bhoi District.
“Who among these leaders of the UDP who were in the UDP at that time, Jemino Mawthaw, Paul Lyngdoh, Metbah Lyngdoh didn't come since 1997 and didn't know anything? “I don't know the political history of these people,” said Bindo.
Arwan Phadong (51) scored the winning goal for Khliehmuchut.
Parthib Sundar Gogoi, 20, from Assam, has scored two goals in two matches in the Indian Super League (ISL) this season for NorthEast United FC. Gogoi is also the second highest scorer this season.
On the other hand, Abhilash Banarwal said that the NHAI workers have started to repair the road in many parts of the road and said that the NHAI has assured that it will not delay from now on. At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner has directed the NHAI to submit reports on the reasons for the deterioration of the road. The district authorities will take the necessary action to ensure that there will be no more inconvenience to the tourists,” said Abhilash Banarwal, IAS. The union reminds that on the 20th of July 2022, the union has gone to repair the damaged road in Khliehriat. 23-05-2022 The Deputy Commissioner of EJHD has sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD to warn that if the NHAI does not take action to do what it should do, the union will go and shut down the NHAI. The NHAI office and the NHAI Toll Gate Plaza at Lumshnong will be closed immediately.
The NPP Spokesperson said that after the formation of District Committees, Block Level Committees will be formed to start work in each village in order to strengthen the party.
On the other hand, sources close to Pramanik have denied the allegation, saying that he was born and educated in India.
However, this issue is a topic of discussion from time to time due to the over staff which has appeared even in the Report of the Comptroller Audit General (CAG).
To make it more beautiful and flourishing, there should also be planting of trees and flowers in the places where it is needed.
If you read the book Something for Mothers by Mrs. Stephen Menzies, it begins with these words: rule the world) There are many mothers who think not to breastfeed their children because they work in offices and other jobs, they don't bother to breastfeed their children and there are also those who think that There are those who don't breastfeed because they are afraid of losing their appearance but the reason is that they have forgotten the value of breast milk for the child.
On the website of the United Nations (FAO-UN), the Schedule Tribes of India are referred to as “Indigenous Peoples”.
“Therefore, we stand strongly in support of him and the Garo people should give their support to Conrad,” said Bah Wahlang.
After our officers left here (Thanat) they made peace with the CRPF and left.
Another question is that the Hima Mylliem has the Syiem Police and the inspectors and cleaners of the market why it cannot order that all the basa should be clean.
In this regard, it is up to the government to clarify so that the people will not be surprised.
After the meeting with the CEM of JHADC, the CEM, Thombor Shiwat, decided to suspend the issuance of Sanad to LD Lakiang as scheduled for tomorrow.
He said that they will postpone the project to other parts of the state and try to use this money so that it does not fail, by trying to find ways to other parts of the state. The state is ready to accept so that this railway project can be started.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah BS Sohliya, MCS, Dr A Dkhar, Surgeon Superintendent, Shillong Civil Hospital, Dr FV Kharshiing, Joint Director DHS MI, Dr P Manners, Joint Dr B. Decruse, Nodal Officer IEC Covid-19 and Bah R Nongkhlaw, Deputy Director, DIPR, Shillong.
As of 2018, Pomlum Higher Secondary School has celebrated its 75th anniversary in the MBoSE examination. in the year
Federation of Khasi Jaintia & Garo People, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front, Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, Arunachal Students' Union Shillong, Shillong Socio Cultural Assamese Students' Association, Shillong Socio Cultural Assamese Students' Union, Shillong Socio Cultural Assamese Students' Union, Shillong Socio Cultural Assamese Students' Union. , Twipra Students' Federation, Shillong Karbi Students' Association, All Bodo Students' Union and others.
The body of Ruhi Synnah, who has been missing since 31st July 2021, was found in a fish pond in Raliang village on Friday.
Furthermore, the FSS will also showcase the talent of Liza Lyngdoh, a guitarist from Mawkyrwat who is currently teaching guitar in Bangalore.
The training will last for one week.
The JSU appeals to all the people of Hynniewtrep and all the political parties to unite and demand that the state government should take immediate action to talk to the central government to achieve the goal. The ILP which has been paid for by the Hynniewtrep people has been in place for a long time.
The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) has launched the All India Chess Tournament 2023 on 22nd June here in Shillong. and will close on 24 June
NEEPCO has stopped supplying electricity to MeCEL since last year after failing to pay the bill of T.379 crore.
The Taliban's clashes have also led to rumors that Baradar is dead.
"Their problem was resolved and they ate again," prison officials said.
There was also a problem with the light being cut off by the office staff even though the people had paid the bill light.
“If the statues of Chandra Bose and Indira Gandhi have been erected and these great men have been erected only with monuments that have disappeared.
Nongpoh: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State, today inaugurated the Agri Lay-bye Market near the NH-6 in the village. Umryksai, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 18: Three matches of the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 were played on Tuesday (18 March 2023) at the 1st Ground of the SSA Stadium.
The word sawangka is not a condemnation of what happened in the state 45 years ago.
Before the police arrived at the scene, the family members of the man were able to arrest the mentally retarded man and later he was taken over by the Meghalaya Police.
He said that the state government will provide scholarships, free tuition, free food and other assistance.
This woman will marry these men, but after they have lived for a while, she will leave these men immediately, but she will steal all their possessions, gold and silver and goods. they are not precious, they are in their houses.
The reason why the RBYF leaders visited the area was after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area, who complained about the danger posed by the RBYF. The illegal mining of shyiap by these people from Assam, as the mining of shyiap in the river could also cause damage to the Umsiang Bridge, which is also a bridge used by the people living in the area.
To be free from fear and find peace, we need to know who Jesus is. He is the Savior, the Deliverer, the Healer, the Guardian, the Protector and so on.
The funeral service will be held on 09.08.2020 at the Catholic Cemetery, Nongtalang at 1.30 pm.
Umiam has received 6.6mm of rainfall yesterday and 8.6mm today.
He said that the construction of the college has been delayed for many years due to many unavoidable reasons.
If you don't need it, you don't think you'll want it.
Rida sat opposite Niakha and began to shake her mouth.
A principle applied four thousand years ago foretold that it would produce what God promised.
The eligible clubs and registered associations have not been informed of the scheme," he alleged.
The Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), Shillong Zonal Center has been established in the country.
"It takes cooperation to defeat a candidate," he said.
Retired IAS Officer Toki Blah and Shillong Press Club President David O Laitphlang also took part in the meeting. leaders in this state.
“If different groups are talking about the same issue, the government should call for talks with the political parties,” he said.
From this year onwards, the Jaintia Dorbar shall be the Union of Doloi of Jaintia Hills.
However, the names, addresses or faces of the five arrested were not disclosed.
I am very sorry for those who are involved in this matter.
Donors must register with NIKSHAY Mitra.
The union has urged the DC to suspend and not to allow the Trade Fair or any Trade Fare attended by foreigners, as protection is better than cure.
The final will be played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai at 2 pm. The winner will face Ladthadlaboh.
The mynder protests spread throughout the North East, especially in Meghalaya, where there were many deaths and injuries until 1979 onwards.
It was the words of a friend of mine who said, “Give us pension or poison.
Not only that, she urged the office to immediately release the Hati to safer places to prevent them from being damaged or tragic incidents in the future.
Tuliram Ronghang and his Karbi friends who live in BLOCK I, before it was alleged that the Khasi-Pnars and the residents of Mukroh are foreigners, Tuliram Ronghang and you Karbi people who live in Block I, ask yourselves where you came from and live in these Dolloi Elaka of Jaintia Hills.
“During the meeting, the answer I received from the Regional Director of AMD was that AMD is only the ministry, which looks after the mineral resources in the country but the agencies UCIL is responsible for the mining of mineral resources”.
“The state government has been trying to resolve the boundary issue, but this work is still pending but this is the time when the government has asked for the assistance of the District Council to collect the “It's a good idea to have a firm foundation before discussing the issue of boundary settlement between Assam and Meghalaya,” he added.
In a statement, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that they have received a report on the investigation.
Unfortunately, the NDA Government led by the BJP and supported by the NPP has rejected the requests of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya and thus the MMDR Act has come into force in Meghalaya.
Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District Arpit Upadhyay IAS in the presence of H Decruse General Manager DCIC, S Nongbri, Director of El Elyon Institute Young Sain Kupar Syngkli and Young Darihun Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan has advised the students of Synod College to set a clear goal and to be humble to become a great success in life.
The three other GI tags are Garo Dakmanda, Larnai Pottery and Garo Chubitchi which have been recognized through Journal No. 185 Part
This is the highest seizure in the last few years.
Best Athlete: In the U-14 Boys category, Jobatstar Kharlyngdoh won the title. In the U-14 Girls category, Latympang Lyngdoh won the title.
Bone health: One of the reasons why all mothers rely on milk for their children is that it contains many minerals and nutrients necessary for health. ki shyieng, which is also seen as an important cause of children's health.
He said that personal success is necessary to contribute to society to eradicate poverty.
Shillong, November 11: “I prayed and asked God when I gave birth to a child to give me an eldest son to lead the country and the nation. Bah HS Shylla while speaking at a public meeting held on Saturday at Lad Nongkrem Square.
With the arrival of Jotin Pheiroijam, Manipur's turnover increased by 131 runs, which showed that he managed to score 2 runs for every 3 runs for Manipur.
On the other hand, Sawmer couldn't score anything until the end of the game, especially after missing many chances.
He said that according to the information he has received, there is a syndicate of drug traffickers who smuggle drugs from one country to another. smuggled in the form of crystal meth to neighboring countries and later converted into methamphetamine pills.
Believe that we will all be surprised, to regain our strength and to become masters of our country.
This congestion has even stolen the beauty of the surrounding areas.
During the meeting, Trump turned back across the Northern border to leave the country at 3.45 pm.
In a tweet, Trump said, "I am happy that he has returned to the world and that he is healthy.
“We demand that the government should set up an independent inquiry into this incident to reveal the truth,” she said. you will shoot yourself.
At the same time, the RBYF has urged the MeECL department to immediately repair the electricity posts which have collapsed and started to collapse across Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong have reached the semi final of the U-18 Youth League after beating FC Goa 2-1 in their Group D match at the JN Stadium Shillong today.
“We have already provided evidence to verify the land we own but they (Assam) are asking for time and asking for more time that they still need to resolve this issue,” he said.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong on Friday are Wellbred Dkhar Sawian, 63, of Paham Sohthri, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District. (96) of Nongbareh Lyntiar, West Jaintia Hills, and Regina Sumer, (40) of Khonglah, Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills.
"After a re-examination, Thibaut Courtois has been diagnosed with a left knee injury and will have to undergo treatment in the coming days," the Spanish club announced on Friday.
Bah Suchen was not involved in the IED blasts according to the police.
Hati are the most intelligent and understanding animals and know good and bad people and understand proverbs and rude words.
And he said nothing more.
Jowai, Naiwieng 08: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has ordered the submission of the Draft Electoral Roll of the Assembly Constituencies in the District by
Shillong, March 29: Perhaps it has been a shame for the MUA-II Government led by the Congress Party and headed by Dr Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister, because of the hardness of his heart. as the leader of the state.
The family members and others who have a connection with the deceased are urged to immediately collect the body of the deceased from the morgue of the Civil Hospital, Shillong within three days. The body was handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation.
“I will say how I feel, when people want to support, we are working for the people to support,” said Bah Ardent. The HSPDP will not nominate candidates in some constituencies to allow the national parties, especially the UDP, to win,” said the HSPDP leader. He echoed the statement of the Nongkrem MDC, saying “It depends on the party (which means the UDP)”.
But when she thought about it, it didn't feel right.
Hundreds of supporters of Donald Trump reportedly entered the US Congress on Tuesday. Joe Biden's victory in the US presidential election.
The people are shocked when they see that their MPs don't take part in the debates in Parliament whether it is the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha.
The semi finals are scheduled to be held in three matches, an eliminator and a qualifier.
“We don't have that opposition to the CAB because it is in the interest of India as a whole to discriminate against Hindus in Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan. India has accepted the CAB,” said Shylla.
