However, this has caused a stir as it happened before the night curfew of the Sengbhalang.
There was also a poem recitation by the VO (Village Organisation) of Moosakhia, a song by Kamwakwah Muksor and the staff of DRDA. Christmas is a special time for Christians to commemorate the incarnation of Jesus Christ.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem also attended the ceremony and donated a song. Rs.5 lakh and lighting equipment to Norther Ri Bhoi College and congratulations and thanks to Bah Edward Shadap who has retired from his post as Principal of Nongtluh Higher Secondary School, Diwon.
“We have a lot of evidence to prove that if their party holds power in UP, in Gujarat, there are many incidents that have claimed lives but where can we see that the Minister of Home Affairs of their party will step down,” said Bah Dkhar.
Thus, the New Jerusalem will come down after the first heaven (Present) and the first earth have passed away, and the sea is no more.
Paul Lyngdoh said that according to the CAG report, the department has raised serious questions about the violation of the rules by the department which allowed a company from Chennai to award the contract to build a shop in Mawlai Mawiong.
Speakers at the meeting included Grace Mary Kharpuri, Martle N Mukhim, Director Pohthmi and Minus Marten as well as officers of TTAADC. They also donated money to the village as a sign of encouragement and support.
Speaking to reporters after the polling, Conrad, the youngest son of Purno A Sangma, who contested from the NPP in the mid-term MP elections, said, “I am expecting good news".
Besides the protest against the name of Nar-ang sub center in Niangbari Them, the residents of Niangbari Them village, also protested against the lack of employment of youths from the village in the hospital. He said that even the small jobs have been done by people from other places, while the youth in the village have been spectators.
I don't thank the people, I have a house, a car I bought, a place, a job I have, I don't eat the money of the people, how much money do you need in this world, that's it I asked the question.
Shillong: The SSA teachers, today expressed their satisfaction, after they had the opportunity to meet and express their grievances, before the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
On the closing day of the 20th from 10 am to 4 pm, Rgh S.Sari, Executive Member of the Seng Khihlang, invited all the children of the Hynniewtrep to attend the tournament. Thirty Syiems and 12 Doloi to attend the tournament.
We don't know whether the government says that whether it's just a request or a feeling of pressure on the owners; However, when she has spoken, she must ensure that the owners of the houses listen or hear and if they do not listen, she can enforce by her laws, through the village authorities, through the supply of electricity. or through the provision of water to such households; but if in such a case, there is a persecution of the inhabitants, then it is a violence that has gone too far.
With eight wins and two draws from 10 games, Shanghai Port are now the leading team in the table with 26 points. -objective; Chengdu Rongcheng beat Chengdu Rongcheng by 6 goals.
Prestone Tynsong from Pynursla, Rowell Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat, Sniawbhalang Dhar from Nartiang and Ngaitlang Dhar from Nartiang have not bought their forms. from Umroi and Bah Pynshngaiñ from Mawsynram.
Rao promised that 12% will remain the share of minorities in Telangana including jobs and education, adding that Telangana is the largest state with a large population. Its population is larger than that of Andhra Pradesh.
He was also one of the editors of this church newspaper until the day of his death.
“Toi, there's nothing wrong with him, but I'm surprised that he's been here for a while,” said the mother. Kynsai suddenly laughed.
Lamphrang Blah of Mawphlang-Diengiei, Hailslet Kharhunai of Nongthymmai, Vicky S Lyngdoh of Nongthymmai, Airmarshall Diengngan of Langrin, Carnes Sohshang of Mawkyrwat, Srally Rashir of Mawshynrut. Wahlang of Nongstoin, Blanding Warjri of Mawthadraishan, Batskhem Ryntathiang of Mairang, Fantin Joseph Lakadong of Laitumkhrah-Malki, Rudy Hess Shangpliang of Mawsynram, Micky Douglas Syiem of Umroi, Rocky A Marwein. Umsning, Charles Marngar from Mawhati, Blajied Rani from Nongpoh and William Mynsong from Jirang.
However, in the past elections in the past decades, the people, when they voted, voted on the basis that they supported the candidates who had the knowledge and understanding to lead the State Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Naitung 16 : Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has urged the state government to make public the report on the shooting death of former HNLC leader Cheristerfield Thangkhiew last year. .
There are still many villages which are still left behind in terms of roads and transportation which causes many problems to the residents.
Walinda Birnong is the daughter of Bah Rubi Binong and Kobita Syiem. She went to study at the School of Design, Mody University, Sikar. Rajasthan and died after the university authorities said that the student had drunk bih and then committed suicide, which led to her death. I am not on earth.
From this village, there are also those who go to St. Mary's School Mawlumiang.
Similarly, the Waheh Shnongs have been directed to assist in verifying those households who are really entitled to receive ration cards.
He said that the reason for the blackout is because the production of electricity is much lower than the requirement.
It was identified from the footage that the driver had driven out of the vehicle at a time when there were fewer vehicles on the road.
The JAC has decided not to cooperate with the VC, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla for his illegal appointment of a foreigner, Rohit Prasad as Technical Officer/Senior. Consultant, in which the JAC has decided to withdraw by the 26th of this month.
Kareena, who was previously married to Shahid Kapoor, died in 2006 and Kareena married Saif Ali Khan in 2012, while Shahid and Meera. Rajput, in the year
However, even in the midst of this, it has not been seen that Shillong will rise as it deserves.
This is called aeration.
Mawphlang C&RD Block covers about 246 villages and about 72,000 inhabitants according to the 2010 census.
The protest against the NGT ban on coal mining also claimed the lives of two persons in Moo Khep village on 24th November.
However, besides these, there are also new festivals, such as the MONOLITH FESTIVAL, which promote and decorate the fruits and vegetables.
The UDP and HSPDP have recently renewed their alliance and agreed to nominate former Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) President Robert June Kharjahrin as the RDA candidate for the Lok Elections. Assembly.
' Let us forget the differences between regions and kingdoms.
Four of the deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
Chairman HBDRF Chandame Sungoh in his speech expressed his strong opposition to the hostility of the people of Assam to destroy the roads of the people of Assam. and they shall build the houses of the roads.
“We will consider this issue again after the group of Rangbah Shnongs has requested the government,” he said.
This incident has reminded the residents of Meghalaya of the shooting death of four Khasi elders in Langpih village in June, 2010 by the Assam Police.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 27: Don Bosco Lakeshore School Banglapluh, Mawshynrut, West Khasi Hills District, today inaugurated one of its branches. There is a special training for the students of this school which is known as Clubs.
“May the Risen Jesus Christ be with you in the judgment of the people whom he has entrusted to you and this ministry which Jesus has entrusted to you is a heavy and sacred work. for the work of salvation," he said.
He wants to destroy the land of wisdom, and he wants to destroy the employment.
The price of piat white is T.2,200 to T.2,400 per quintal and the price of piat saw is T.30-T.35 per kilo.
He said that they are the pillar of hope in the midst of many difficulties and will bring many changes in the lives of the students in the days and times to come which we cannot foresee.
“They have promised us that at the end of six months, the MTDC has decided to announce the vacancy for the post of CGM,” he said.
From the understanding gained from the discussion on the importance of the seeds used, especially those that can tolerate climate change, many say that the old variety can grow even when the climate changes.
I remember in 1984 when Rajiv Gandhi came to Shillong and thousands of people came to see him.
“Ka seng has received information that the Jio office at Firebrigade wants to dismiss the woman just because the Jio office has lost money during the lockdown,” said Enlang. Sauerkraut.
Shillong: The 11 deaths from covid-19 in East Garo Hills have been confirmed today, namely Maijin M Sangma, 22, Prapgre Samanda, Tek Bahadur Sunar, 70, Nongthymmai, Lumiablot, East Khasi Hills. Laimuti Basumatry, 60, of Lower Lachumiere, East Khasi Hills, died at home on 29-07-2
“I have been silent for many years but this is the time for me to speak, their judgment that I will not win in 2023 is not true, but I will win because of the supporters. “They elected me and sent me to join the BJP,” he said.
A group of both the parties including the leaders handed over letters of support to Conrad Sangma at his residence.
“Therefore, we must understand that our struggle is not for this 2023 election but for our children and their future and we must understand that if we win for their future we have won. ," he won.
“We are now in talks with the transport department to find a way to pay for the helicopter,” he said.
He said that this celebration is also an opportunity to look back on the many development works that we have witnessed through the years and times.
This video is 59 seconds long.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : U Bah Samlin Malngiang MLA Sohiong Constituency on Monday inaugurated the football stadium and gallery at Lenmawtap A, Sohiong.
“At present, the lack of maintenance of this road which connects Assam (Barak Valley), Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and other states has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers and puts at risk the safety of the people. “The health of the people especially the children, due to the excessive landslide,” said the village leaders of Umkiang.
The Association has not refused to take this decision due to the government's lack of action to increase the salaries of the fourth teachers in the state, which the Association has been demanding for several months now, in connection with the The Association has met with the Minister of Education in July this year to express to him the problems faced by the 4th Teachers in the state due to the low salary. also file a petition, in this regard.
Other studies of Japanese immigrants to Hawaii have shown that it takes only one generation of that Western lifestyle to change the decrease in incidence of colon cancer into the increase seen in the owners of Hawaiian citizens.
“We have up to 80,000 followers in the party in the state and we have seen the growth of the party in these years when we started working across the state,” said Bah Uriah. He also said that only the AAP party has a working principle that any leader will have to step down if the people do not support him.
“Likewise, ye younger, be subject unto the elder. But all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
Nongpoh: Thousands of supporters of Bah Sunshine Makri and members of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPF) on Saturday joined the United Democratic Party (UDP). At the meeting, which was held at Umsning Square, it was seen that the Umsning Square was filled with thousands of people. Supporters of Bah Sunshine Makri, son of Ma Nehlang Lyngdoh and who has decided to contest the 2023 election from Umsning Constituency.
Furthermore, what surprises the union is 'why the government has looked only at private schools, aided schools' by allocating a lot of assistance to rebuild school buildings, while its own schools. “It shows the weakness of the government,” said the union.
On the other hand, the residents of the area, when they saw the body of the child lying on the surface of the water, immediately informed the police.
“If the government does not listen to these demands of the VPP on the recruitment process, we should hold a protest for the future of the youth, because many skilled youth have become hopeless. even after completing your studies,” said Challam.
On this day of the search operation, police found many arshaka drivers without license and vehicles without proper documents.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday informed the Legislative Assembly that the Government has received more than 30,000 applications for self-employment under the scheme. CM-Elevate only within the arm.
“We have found that there are Mizo civilians and Mizo policemen living on the border of Assam,” Saikia said.
The Chief Minister said, “It is a challenge for the government to create educational facilities, skilling institutes linked to job opportunities, however, we have prioritize this sector and PRIME Hub is one such initiative of the government to enable our youth to access to different income generating opportunities.
“I see him as a star of the nation,” he said, adding that the songs that Bah Rana sings are not only from the shynrong but from the heart. “It's a matter of love, nature or even when it comes to the development of the Jaidbynriew,” he said.
Tens of thousands of people from all over the Khasi Hills came to witness the three-day tournament.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Cabinet has agreed to set up a special committee to recruit members. The Expert Committee will be headed by the Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang and will have two members, one from the Legal Affairs Department of the State Government and one from the Legal Affairs Department of the State Government. tnat Personnel.
A world war is now being prepared against Israel.
The Assam government under the leadership of Sarbananda Sonowal as Chief Minister after the arrest of one of the journalists, has promised the JFA (Journalist Forum of Assam) to appoint an SIT team to investigate the case. The arrested person is suspected of smuggling cattle from Assam to Bangladesh through the border states with Bangladesh.
Surprisingly, in some places, pillars have been erected by contractors and this has brought into darkness the Rangbah Kur, parents, youth and so on. even the Rangbah Shnong.
On 21st November 2020, officers and other employees will stop going to work from 10 am to 4.30 pm.
Police have also arrested the suspects who threw the bomb and the arrested person is from the ground floor of the school. GNLA supporter Enison Ch.
Shillong: Ka Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, a group of civil society groups and various groups, has demanded a fair trial from the government on the shooting death of former HNLC leader Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the 13th of this month. July 2021 at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Masar today held a meeting at the home of Bah Che.
Therefore, he gave his blessings and wishes for the entire family and for the little girl to have a healthy body in the days to come.
Country music singer Kenny Rogers has died at the age of
If the impact of TIKA is bad, who will be responsible for the difficulties and problems that may arise from this? Is the Government willing to accept this responsibility? Any decisions of an individual that lead to employment, receipt of treatment or rejection of it and life and death also carry responsibility.
Noting that he wants to provide services in health, drinking water, education and other development projects, he said, “I want to create opportunities for the young people in this world are poor and poor.
The JSM has reached out to many villages in East Jaintia Hills and these villages include Mookhep, Dkhiah East, Iongkaluh, Musniang Rim, Ladrymbai, Dienchynrum and others. the Pamrath.
The State Government has already passed the Ban Bat Ar Kam Act on 23rd November, 2015 and has decided to come into force from 1st March which has prompted seven MDCs who hold the post of MLA to resign. but it is only Bah Pynshngain who has been able to do so without a trace.
The EM Elaka said that if the rules are approved, the spelling of the names of the Kurs will be corrected.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong of Tuberkmai Village, East Jaintia Hills District has elected Wanthmu Phawa as the candidate for the 21st October Constituency.
Shillong, July 04 : Meghalaya scored 610/6 runs in the first innings of the Ranji Trophy against Arunachal Pradesh. group to celebrate the century.
In this regard, HITO has asked the Minister Bah Lahkmen Rymbui whether he knows what the IOA is saying about the unique history of the Khasi people. only the IOA and AA signed and accepted by Shri C Rajagopalachari, Governor-General of India and the Federation of Khasi States on 17 Aug
She is the daughter of Ebortre Suchiang who is also the Principal of the school.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02 : The President of the UDP East Khasi Hills District and CEM of Sohra, Bah Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday said that he does not expect the issue of district demand in Sohra to change. ong the election issue.
Therefore, the authorities have informed all the residents who visit this place that it has been temporarily closed down because it is no longer suitable for use and has to be repaired. shwa tat until you are informed of another.
Here in India too, there are many scientists who are well versed in this field of plant breeding.
Now, many of the people are in a strong protest over the CAA and also over the demand for ILP and it has been seen that the State Government is also very protesting on this issue and therefore, it is not it is best to talk without responsibility on this issue, as it will likely lead to unpleasant situations.
When examining this issue, it was seen that the leaders have tried to take advantage of politics by speaking outside the Legislative Assembly just to get the approval of the people.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlumrum Diengiei, Bah Kyrmen Kharkhrang, the weapon was found by the villagers at 3 pm at a place near the village.
In the under-16 (boys) 2000m category, Ram Shylla of West Jaintia Hills (00:06:17.27) won the gold medal while Shankupar Puwein of West Khasi Hills (00:06:25.34) won the gold medal. Bolki Sana of East Jaintia Hills won the silver medal and Bolki Sana of East Jaintia Hills won the bronze medal.
Prakash Sutradhar of Assam won the prize in the category of Innovation (Technology), Tutumoni Boro of Assam won the prize in the category of Archery, Dominic Sangma of Meghalaya won the prize in the category of Filmmaking. In the Volleyball category, Prathana Gogoi from Assam, Taba Chake from Arunachal Pradesh and Mehdi Hassan from Assam won the Sports (Athlete) category.
At the same time, u Bah Spairen urged that this cooperation within the group should continue in the implementation of many projects, because without cooperation or understanding it is worthless. either either spirit em.
For these things do not happen without the knowledge of God.
Because we often find that before any public meeting, the speakers and singers are selected in advance.
Two leaders, General Abdel Fattah al-Burhan, commander of the Sudanese Army, and Mohamed Hamdan 'Hemedti' Dagalo, commander of the Sudanese Army, were involved in the fighting. who led the RSF and was told that there was a plan to unite the two groups, but the RSF stood against it and therefore mobilized its own troops to fight. the war.
ThankYem.
“This is a unique effort for musla to make Meghalaya unique,” ​​said Conrad. “This is a unique effort for musla to unite Meghalaya,” he said. twitter.
The 49 years that Meghalaya has passed before its 50th birthday are still difficult and difficult because the State does not have a proper border, colored roads and Adequate roads, adequate health facilities, adequate educational facilities or even universities and medical colleges, adequate drinking water supply and many other shortcomings. side.
Speaking to reporters, Prasad said police have conducted an investigation and found that the driver was a minor and had only a Learner Licence.
Regarding the incident, the shopkeepers in the area said that the fire broke out when a person poured water from a tin and immediately the fire broke out. she cried out suddenly.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Sengbhalang held on Monday.
Therefore, we will see the presence of ‘experts in the legislature.
“In this regard, I would like to inform the Pork Traders Association and the Meat Traders Association to disseminate this information that farmers should take care and keep their animals clean and provide free medicines. from the state agriculture department,” said Kong Mukhim.
At present, John said Agnes is still in the Critical Care Unit and is being ventilated while Anita Sangma has recovered.
To date, under the National Immunization programme, only children and pregnant women, who make up only a small proportion of the country's population, have been vaccinated.
Pynkmenlang Sanmiet concluded by saying, “This era is no longer the era of sword and gun but the era of knowledge and the sword is a double-edged sword to bring victory to anyone. the battle in your life".
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has congratulated the Police for arresting the drug traffickers and seizing the drugs on the same day.
Now, another allegation has emerged that Shivraj Chouhan did not wash the foot of the victim, but went to wash the foot of another person, who is called U. Sudama and this is not true, who has been deceived.
To strengthen this, I would like to suggest that the Central Government and the State Government should provide more financial assistance to the District Councils to empower them. shall not reduce the amount of money which is the right of those who deserve it.
The Executive Committee of the Seng Kur (Sengkmie) should be empowered to issue the NOC so that there will be no more NOCs. the continued confusion in relation to this Tang Jait issue.
Bora also demanded that the Government of India should immediately provide assistance to the owners of newspapers, with special attention to the newspapers, to escape from this crisis.
ACHIK has also launched a public awareness campaign across Garo Hills on this issue. ACHIK has also vowed to appeal to the Supreme Court if any injustice occurs. The Achik shall be appointed by the Cabinet or by the All Party Meeting on the Roster System.
The DC informed them that the survey should be attended by the land owners and the heads of village authorities.
“Therefore, as mandated by law, we will not allow banks to reject the loan applications of our people,” he added.
The Secretary of the Fete Committee, urged and requested the public to attend the fete which is prepared with a variety of games and food.
Police said the four men confessed that they had acted on the orders of the HNLC from Bangladesh.
There has been rain, cold and storm but it has never killed people like this year and only in one month.
The loss of the President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, who is the supreme leader, is a great loss that cannot be described, especially at this time when the Seng still needs it. to your guidance.
The winners are requested to collect their prizes within 30 days of the announcement of the results.
The causes of this death are Niangiong and Niangkhnap.
A source from the Ri Bhoi Police said that the six suspects involved in the murder in Mumbai had tried to flee Mumbai and were planning to go to Bangladesh. They were arrested at Lad Umsaw in Ri Bhoi District.
East Khasi Hills has 37 active cases, West Garo Hills 11, Ri Bhoi 25, West Jaintia Hills 14, South West Garo Hills 6, South West Khasi Hills 6, North Garo Hills 20, South Garo Hills East Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 10 and East Garo Hills
Shillong, July 9: Three robbers have been arrested by the police this morning, while another has escaped.
The petition, signed by the President and Secretary of KSU-Saiden, was submitted to the Assistant Range Forest Officer, Umtasor Bead, Nongpoh Territorial Division. immediately all the shyiap shall be cleansed according to the rules of the law.
“To date, there are 250 EMRI-108 employees working across the State to provide emergency assistance to the people when they encounter any incident that requires emergency assistance.
“At present, there are three candidates for the UDP ticket,” he said.
The hearing on the case will be held again on the 5th of November this year.
It is the same as what Bah Marngar said about the Christian state which is unfounded.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84220 out of which 82463 have recovered and 1467 have died.
“This incident has brought great shame to our state which is famous for its lawlessness and corruption committed by those in power,” said Bah Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the VPP. Shillong: The people of Mawlai constituency today turned out for the campaign rally of the National People's Party (NPP), after the Voice of the People Party (VPP) won the MLA elections.
The incident happened on Tuesday at about 1 pm.
Regarding the reports in the media that I will contest for the post of MDC, this is unfounded. When it comes to the MDC election, I will support any candidate who wins the ticket of the party. NPP.The reports in the media that I will leave the NPP party are untrue and unfounded, although the Congress party has called me again, but I have not accepted the offer. current.
So far, about 4300 people have been tested in Khasi Jaintia and the program will continue to other C&RD blocks of Meghalaya.
Young people who are coming out now to call for the government, know that you will be punished.
Zhong Nanshan, an experienced doctor, is one of those who predicted in 2020 that the Covid-19 virus is very easy to spread from one person to another. He said that the outbreak of Covid-19 in China will spread again and there will be more than 65 million people in a month who will be infected with the virus by July.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the KSU has not changed its position since 1988 to oppose the construction of the railway line.
However, the authorities said it was not appropriate to do this and the school had to be closed, with the children’s parents informed in November 2015.
Lahkmen Rymbui also launched a letter from the 1st Battalion Meghalaya Police on the establishment of the police station at this place and also the training and services provided by the 1st Battalion Meghalaya Police. the state.
After checking the camera, I said yes it is still there and where is your daughter?.
According to the article, the children after eating these sweets, change and it makes them want to eat these sweets more and more.
In connection with this deterioration of the road, the village authority has not refused to hold a public meeting on Saturday to repair all the roads.
This world today is a world of color in all respects.
The JAC invites all the leaders of the Sengbhalang, Driving Union and residents to take part in this rally.
Not only that, the police are conducting a search operation to track down the driver and the truck.
When asked about the problems they face, he said that when they get sick, they face many problems especially as the brother who supports the family. and the end of the day.
The Zone 2 in Tura will start from the 20th of this month.
The writer said that he doesn't know about the law of poetry because he is not a student of Arts but he writes what comes from the bottom of his heart because he loves his mother tongue.
Therefore, the WRBD&SWO urges the state government to take action and turn its attention to the development of this area, as this area is on the border with Assam and if the state government does not take action to develop The development of the country is an opportunity for the Assam government to expand the border through development projects.
Arunachal Pradesh, having won three matches, has taken the lead in its plate group.
Mairang: The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply) in charge of Mairang Civil Sub-Division today announced the release of rice under the National Food Security Act, 2013 and rice under the scheme. PMGKAY for the month of September, 2021 through ration shops as follows:-The rice under NFSA 2013 PHH and AAY has been directed to be distributed according to the scale laid down by the Government as follows: –NFSA- NATIONAL FOOD SECURITY ACT PHH – 5 kilos per person at the price of 3/- per kilo AAY – 35 kilos per card at the price of 3/- per kilo.
from the time that we came to the land.
My letter dated 26 9 2019 has been replied to through letter no.
When asked whether there is any difference in the cost of cleaning the roads with plastic, Bah PR Marwein said that there is not much difference and the cost is the same.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The annual Procession of Mawjrong Parish has attracted more than 5000 devotees from Laitryngew, Sohra, Sohrarim, Laitlyngkot, 12 villages and others.
She also threatened to hold a protest if the Executive Committee does not listen.
On the upcoming elections, he said that as a candidate he has been encouraged and as it is, the feedback from the people is good.
kg of rice was distributed to all the drivers of commercial vehicles and dai and umphniang were also distributed.
The responsible use of NPK fertilizers is essential for the sustainability of agriculture.
The four candidates are Tony Marbaniang (North Shillong), Arelitha K Sangma (Salsella), Banrilang Jungai (Jowai) and Bah Deniss Tynsiar (Pynursla).
You can include a mixture of milk and curd to relieve mood swings in the morning.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, on 11-05-2023, the Special Judge (POCSO), Nongstoin, while identifying the witnesses, I have brought the case against the thief.
“We need to set rules for foreigners before they enter the state and that can only be done through the Inner Line Permit. buy a train ticket" he said.
The Labang Nangphyllut are indeed the owners of the village and land in this area.
The road was scheduled to be completed within six months from the start of the work and the time started in July 2015 and ended in November,
To conduct trainings to improve agricultural activities. To work with contractors and vendorsA.To help form a group to work for their welfareB.To help them register with the Labor Departments and Urban AffairsC.To assist them in getting the assistance provided by the Central and State GovernmentsD.To ensure that they get adequate land E.To ensure that their children can go to schoolF.To provide training activities we work with people with disabilities1
He said that the CEM will also meet with the leaders of the Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla to discuss the issue of khadar governance and especially the Direct Funding from the the central government.
However, he said that the youth should cooperate with the Shnong so that there will be order in the village affairs.
He also explained about the ITEP and other Teacher Education Programs which will be introduced later, especially these Teacher Education Programs which already exist.
It is not known how the incident happened as police have not yet investigated the three persons as they are still in critical condition.
Furthermore, PA Systems have been installed around the market places to announce and inform when there is any necessary and urgent work.
Religion cannot be the basis for granting or depriving a person of citizenship,” Rahman said.
In the U-17 women's category, Iewrynghep High School beat Rangthong Christian High School 2-1 in the U-17 women's category. Hills Khliehriat High School against Ri Bhoi Saiden High School ended in a three-goal lead while Daphimon Khyriem scored a hat trick (11,34). ,39 mins) was enough for the school to beat Birin Nuchong Sec School 7-1
When he woke up in the morning on that bright morning, when the sky was bright, how happy he was alone to tell his friend to set a date for the visit.
There have been six deaths from COVID-19 and 388 new cases on Sunday.
The Government has also agreed to allocate Rs 1.20 crore for the construction of block offices.
The Shnong has a separate Village Forest and is not allowed to cut down trees except to cut down trees for burning.
China has reported 22 new deaths from the virus, bringing the total to 3,158 so far.
The Divisional Forest Officer, Wildlife Division will ensure that there are no wild boars affected by the disease in the Infected Zones and Surveillance Zones.
The Assam Government through the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has set up an Entry Tax Gate at Khanduli village since 15th June Although this area is still within the boundary of Khanduli village and this area does not fall under the border dispute with Assam but the Government of Meghalaya has not yet been able to remove the khrong gate. “As the union, we are shocked and saddened to see that KAAC has been illegally crossing the border until it has caused a huge loss and caused many problems. “The Khasi-Pnars living on the border with West Karbi Anglong District have been treated unfairly by the Government of Meghalaya,” said the statement.
Tottenham Hotspurs have signed Dejan Kulusevski, who has been signed from Juventus.
In the second half, Hiwot Rymbai scored two goals in the 13th and 30th minutes while the Pastors scored the second goal in the 13th and 30th minutes. In the second half, Steveford Marweiñ scored another goal for the Government Employees of South West Khasi Hills District. in the 65th minute.
In the first quarter final, Mulang Ialong beat Ladthadlaboh 3-2
The question now is whether there are those who celebrate this day with true gratitude to God the Father who gave His only begotten Son to us who is the Savior and Deliverer from the power of sin. who is the devil of Satan? If so, it's fine, but if Christmas celebration ends only in a one-day party with decorations, it means that Christmas celebration has no meaning, and will end up like that. the days and the days are over.
Khliehriat, Naitung 23 : Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and KSU Tongseng Unit today arrested nine Bangladeshis including two men and four women. At Tongseng Narpuh, the driver of the vehicle and a broker from Assam managed to escape from the hands of the KSU members. They were arrested by the Lumshnong Police Station.
We have to look at who is more paid and in that way we should manage the employment distribution.
Bollywood reports said that Salman has bought a bulletproof Nissan Patrol Luxury SUV and Salman also used it for the first time to attend the opening ceremony of the NMACC in Mumbai.
Russian troops have entered the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv.
He said that citizens cannot be accepted by religion because India is a secular country.
Shillong, June 24: A landslide has occurred in many parts of the Pynursla-Myllat Nongkhlieng road due to heavy rainfall since last night.
Mawkyrwat, July 25: A group of people from all over the Khasi Hills led by Bah Staising Kharbteng who have raised a donation to help the families affected by the natural disaster has received a donation from all over the country. They will continue to visit Lyngkien Sunei village under Mawphlang on July 25, 2022 at the home of Badabetsha L. Mawphlang and Jilstar Syiemiong.
On the other hand, the Court said that after considering the statement of the Advocate General, it is clear that it does not oppose the need to submit an affidavit so that the Court can hear and take a decision on this matter.
They were opened and encouraged by some of the oldest individuals and families in the administration.
The Additional Advocate General, in compliance with the order of the High Court issued on 30th March, said that a thorough investigation has been conducted into the condition of Shillong Airport. which uses aircraft and is known as the Aerial LiDAR Survey.
How I was filled with joy at that moment, for many years had passed since we had seen each other.
RG Lyngdoh urged the Khasi youth to follow the example of this great poet of the country and to study his writings carefully and they will find that all those whom he has written The writings are those that he has seen far ahead and that carry a lot of thought whether it is in the field of nature, culture, culture, customs, dress, customs and trade.
“It is because of this Act that we can control the trade of foreign property.
These articles are based on a report released by the Pentagon of the United States of America; China has built 100 houses on land in Arunachal Pradesh.
Besides cleaning the fish in the old way; The fishermen in these villages can also use the COFISKI Machines with the assistance of ICAR-CIFT from Andhra Pradesh.
“When you don't claim to stand for the jaidbynriew, you shouldn't insult your fellow citizens and it would be difficult to talk to the Dorbar Shnong before issuing a news item to accuse you of such and such.
Others who took the oath include Conrad K Sangma who will take over for the second term after winning from South Tura, former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, President of the UDP candidate Metbah Lyngdoh for the fourth time in Mairang.
During the search, the ANTF seized a mobile phone, a blue plastic bag and 17 boxes of heroin weighing 235.77 grams. Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem.
Thongni has sent his resignation letter on November 13, 2023 to the President and General Secretary of the HSPDP CEC.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle has completed the construction of a house at Maxwelton Estate in Kench's Trace, Oxford Hill & Rilbong. came forward that they wanted to live in the newly completed house.
The government's inability to remove the traffic jam on the road connecting Mawlai to Shillong, Nongthymmai to Shillong and Upper Shillong to Shillong has also caused problems. many people who are sick and need to seek medical attention.
He said the Indian government has granted ILP to Manipur because of the state's fear of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
Shillong: A heated argument has broken out between KHNAM MLA from 17 North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, together with the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong. does not demarcate the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Many of the people from the youth, men and women, the elderly and women at various levels did not count or care about the day and night, did not care about the loss. They don't have enough time and energy to spend and think only about the candidate and their party.
Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, who was the chief guest, inaugurated the new school.
loan sanctions were also distributed to local entrepreneurs.
“The problem will arise if the Central Government directs the University to enroll students according to the provisions of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020,” he said.
This area is dry during the rainy season and hot during the dry season.
The prizes were awarded to the winners by the chief guest along with the teachers.
“The Prime Minister should have waited for the traffic police to come to the scene and take pictures of the incident,” said Bah Rani. place without waiting for the traffic police to arrive to examine the incident.
Those who violate this order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District shall be liable to punishment in accordance with the rules and regulations issued by the Deputy Commissioner. On this day, the country celebrates its 75th Anniversary of Independence from the Dohlieh.
Khliehriat, Lber 31 : Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP under the banner of the Regional State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Saturday together with the MP candidate of They have arrived in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District to campaign for the MP election to be held in June.
He said that regarding the bridge, it is safe but the most important thing to do is to install new bearings which will reduce the friction between the bridge and the Umïam Dam.
As soon as the mother tried to call, they heard the sound of a scooty which they believed was the son.
Parents are like God to their children.
“The Government should direct the school authorities to enroll at least 5-10 children from poor families every academic session without charging fees. school fees and textbooks so that they can study and one day become strong pillars of society and the future of the state,” said the petition.
The Congress party will seek an answer from the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on four issues, these four issues are how much money the government has seized since 8th November. outside, how much the people of the country have lost their income due to the introduction of the old currency, how many people have lost their jobs since the introduction of the old currency, how many lives have been lost and why the government it does not pay compensation to the relatives of the dead.
On the other hand, Prestone congratulated all those who have worked hard and joined hands with the state government, by working hard day and night to look after all those who come from all over India, so that The state is free from the Covid -19 pandemic.
Pakistan has summoned the Indian ambassador to Islamabad today to clarify the incident.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Claudia Lyngwa, said that the arrested persons were not injured and police will hand them over to the court tomorrow. It is learned that these four persons have beaten up these children and on this beating, a complaint has been taken from these children, and an ejahar has been lodged on this beating of these children. village.
There are those who dance hajrong car until the budlum car is broken.
Replying to how long he will continue his protest, Bah Kitbok said that his protest in front of the Secretariat will continue until the government calls for talks to take a decision on the demands of the people. term.
Other political parties that will contest the election are the UDP, BJP, and AITC.
On the other hand, the competition has selected the best players to represent the District at the State Level which will be held soon in Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : U PT Sawkmie, candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Mawlai on Tuesday said that his contest for this election is not only against the NPP candidate Teiborlang Pathaw but against the NPP candidate. Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister (MR) and Secretary to the Chief Minister (SMR), Prestone Tynsong.
In another incident, Md.Sarbat Khan has lodged a verbal complaint at Byrnihat Police Station that robbers have stolen 11 song of cigarettes and T.5,000 from his shop at 15 Mer, Byrnihat. .
The KJCLF at the same time strongly condemns such acts of violence and all those involved, as well as those who incite such illegal acts.
He said that such an incident has happened before and this is the second time that he has suffered such a loss.
He said that this is a good thing and it shows that the society has a responsibility to fight against drugs.
According to the report, education and training in schools in Meghalaya is the worst.
“A group of teachers and staff at NEHU under the VC have gone ahead to conduct the examination online, but they have not thought of those who do not have access to the internet. ' and also the situation during this time of COVID-19,” said Bah Adelbert.
Shillong, July 13: The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday strongly criticized the state government for introducing the amendment to the Aided College Employee Rule, while hearing a case related to the Misc Case. Writ Appeal or request of the Government to the High Court to reconsider the case against the State Government's ban on Government Aided College teachers from participating in the the world does not contest elections.
BSF troops have shot dead Bah Roningstar Nongkynrih, a truck driver, on charges of smuggling cattle to Bangladesh.
The song is composed by Eddie Lyngdoh and produced by B4NDIT and Kyrmen Lyngdoh.
One of the lawyers of the Manipur High Court, who is also one of the complainants, said that the ban on the internet itself has affected the daily lives of the people in the state and they cannot to do nothing and they cannot work and earn money.
On the other hand, the union urges the government authorities as well as the MLA/MDC leaders to take action to talk to the government to send doctors to the hospital for the benefit of the people.
This was announced by BFI Joint Secretary Larry Kharpran who is also the Organizing Secretary of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championships
Earlier, at the opening of the meeting at Mawlongbna, Bah Ardent, said that he wants only one elder to speak on behalf of the village, to tell about all the incidents as they are right and At the same time, he said, “Don't try to create words, don't try to deceive or don't justify with unfair words, so that we can know how to find the answer that can solve the problems of phi" and it is also on these issues, that Bah Dilondar, who stands to speak on behalf of Mawlongbna, that he will issue his answer, that he speaks on the right and the truth.
Rymbai Shkenshyn-riah won a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a trophy presented by the Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Kyrmen Shylla. T.50,000 and a trophy were presented by MFA President Bah Hamletson Dohling in the presence of EJHDFA office bearers and members and others.
Shillong, July 12: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma regarding the failure to implement the demands for development. salary of Adhoc school teachers across the state.
The academy provides training to all students from all over the country in Shillong.
According to the Engineers of PHE, the reasons for the delay in the completion of Phase-III of the GSWSS are many, However, the main reason is the lack of funds due to the lack of funds from the Government of India.
He said that corruption causes hospitals or other health facilities to lack medicines or the government cannot provide medicines, equipment or appoint doctors, nurses and others. pat in hospitals, which means that the people will have to face problems and will not receive adequate treatment.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Shnong Sohnidan, through the Rangbah Shnong Bah Wonderful Khyndeit, would like to thank the leaders of these two organizations, who have taken the initiative to donate. The residents of the village, especially in this storm which has caused severe damage to the villagers.
Nongpoh: The body of an elderly man has been recovered from the Umiam Pond in Ri Bhoi District at 10:30 pm today.
There are always problems, even in the families, but that will become a strengthening by building and the mind will be united in the end,” he said. You are an MDC, you are not in the party”.
The categories include U-17 Boys Single & Doubles, 35+ Men/Women Single/Double, 50+ Men Single/Men Double/.
Before the start of the programme, the NYDA also inaugurated the Adventure Program by Samla Ricky Cooper Pathaw, UNV. -DYC of Nehru Youth Center, Ri Bhoi District.
Gazans have been sleepless nights in an Israeli air strike that has killed 42 people in Gaza and destroyed three buildings. ten floors, in the past few days.
R. Susngi, General Secretary of the Seng Kur Susngi, Khasi Hills, said that the appearance of the Kur from the names of the mothers is wrong these days because there is only one school.
Knerktilang Buam scored the third goal for Rangdajied in the 77th minute.
In that day our women shall not be as light as they are now; Taslima Nasreen, a Muslim woman from Bangladesh who fled the world to escape death, will fall into the trap of Taslima Nasreen, a Muslim woman from Bangladesh.
The Court said it hopes that the Government will take immediate measures to provide convenience to the people of the area in coming and going and to the people who use this road every day.
This too is a mistake.
In Garo Hills, Tura is divided into two Circles, Circle-I with 167 team shops and Circle-II with 62 team shops. In East Garo Hills and Williamnagar, there are 194 team shops.
With the assumption of office by the MDA Government, the people of the state have high expectations and hopes for this Government especially led by Conrad Kongkal Sangma who is the eldest son of one of the greatest leaders in the state. u (L) P.A Sangma.
Tlang made his debut in the Indian Super League for North East United in 2014, after being signed by Shillong Lajong Football Club at the age of
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Sein Raij Children's Tournament which was held on Saturday and ended on Wednesday was very successful in which thousands of children participated. Mylliem Stadium Stadium.
On the other hand, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU will be the chief guest, along with Padma Shri awardee Silbi Passah and others.
The meeting to cut the ribbon, to cover the name stones, even those made of wood, is held every day even though the work is still in progress. The loud songs and the beautiful songs will stir up the Bapli people who are involved in political schemes.
In an interview with an Indian newspaper, the hackers said that they did not want to destroy these accounts, but they just wanted to show that they could and said that they The holders of these accounts should strengthen their own accounts, as these thieves have knowledge.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District has announced that the opening of grocery stores and other shops recognized by the authorities will be allowed to open. Government from 20th to 23rd July 2020, within Shillong and surrounding areas.
He said that there has been an increase of 55,971 votes in the last 10 years, from 2023-2
“I promise before the people that I will implement properly the schemes to bring about development in this constituency and even the salary that I should receive I will give to you the poor, the rich and the poor for the sake of the country. “It's the right thing to do in the constituency,” said Bah Damanbait.
Police said that after killing the child, Banshngaiñ and his friend hid the body of the child in a forest and waited until nightfall to move the body. to the house of another resident of Umtyngar.
“Do good things for the benefit of the nation not only for yourself but for the country and the nation as a whole”, said Bah Kit. understanding contributes to society in good and not in evil"
Prestone announced this at the opening of the Dorbar Hall of Pynursla Proper on the 7th of this month.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hindro Samakha said that the incident has caused a great loss to the families of these four families. The father of the household was arrested for allegedly shooting at the Langpih Market while the people were busy buying and selling.
The meeting will be attended by the market residents, farmers, people from the Hima Mylliem and District to explain the purpose of keeping the market clean and safe.
So the branches went home.
For this cause Jesus said unto them, Depart not from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost.
“The LORD will build Jerusalem, he will gather together the outcasts of Israel” Psalm 147:2
In the second innings, Abiezer P Syiem scored 23 runs while Dianchidora N Sangma scored 3/7 runs. SGH beat WKH by 15 runs.
The Seng also warns that it will continue to conduct raids in other areas in the coming days.
Another article, he said, appeared in an English newspaper translated by Paramita Lahiri Muller - a novel in Bengali called 'Biloris' which describes the people of the north. from Bengal and Assam who came with the French, they had their children and wives in their villages but when they came here they married Khasi girls as temporary husbands and these Khasi girls had children without knowing it. well.
When taking the blind to a theater or cinema, the leader should walk first and then lead the blind by walking.
Well, I have a little advice for the Block workers, including the civil society workers who help the communities in times of crisis – That it is best to trust and accept their actions shnong, not the election of the workers of any political party who elect only their own people.
After a while, Meghalaya had several chances, but Everbrightson Mylliem pdah missed and Figo Syndai could not score due to the strong pressure of the Mizoram police officer.
As a result, floods and landslides have cut off the main roads that should have connected to the main city, which is located in the southern part of the area.
Mumbere Edgar Dido, a 16-year-old child, said the ISIS militants shot people before entering the children's bedrooms and then attacked. with bombs and fire, spread to the school dormitory.
The HNLC is surprised that another person, Bah Ebakordor Nongpluh, has also been arrested, when he is only a police officer.
“I have never seen a person like Bah Don, who is clean and gentle,” said Bah Teinwel.
The Wahiajer Mission Centre, KJP Synod Mihngi on Tuesday distributed food items to 40 households in Myngor village, West Jaintia Hills District. The Field Secretary together with Rev K Pariat Chairman and Bible tracts distributed rice and other food items besides masks and soap to the residents of Myngor Presbyterian Church, West Jaintia Hills District.
It is the pride that has caused this world to oppress its fellow human beings in today's world.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the MDA government still stands on the same ground that it is against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB). that there is no change, for the sake of the protection of the people of the State.
“This mobile phone is really one of you.
Police said that these bullets are still alive and police said that they are old bullets, and it is said that these five bullets, are bullets that can be made. in China, because there is no gun whatsoever, which uses these types of bullets.
He expressed his desire to donate a silver medal for the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav of India.
At present, the starting point will be from Shillong and gradually, it will continue to travel around the state.
Going forward, the state plans to launch the translation into Garo of the startup portal in the state to increase access to startups and entrepreneurs as they move on the path to economic growth. paper.
He said that many of the development projects brought by the Meghalaya government do not have land in these border villages where they have been harassed by the Assam police and the development projects brought from Assam have been stopped. The union and the people cannot accept at all and oppose that they will not accept these development projects to distribute electricity to these residents of Block II. The Union and KSU have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District demanding that the Assam authorities should not inform the Village Authority and the Meghalaya Government. He added that the Assam government should stop the implementation of the electricity distribution scheme in these border villages under Raid Nongtung in Block II.
Electricity consumers have to pay T.6 electricity bill while factories have to pay T.
On the other hand, he said that in the coming days, there will be many things that will happen and the TMC will fight against the Government.
The goalkeeper was Deibor Sumer in the 11th and 32nd minutes.
At the meeting, JACOSOMA also demanded that the law enforcement authorities should conduct a thorough search for the robbers involved in the burning of the bridge as the bridge is the property of The government and especially that it is also a bridge that serves hundreds of villages in the Maweit area.
The project is for the Block Institute of Teachers Education (DITE) and the union has demanded that it should be upgraded to District Institute of Teachers Education (DITE) immediately so that it will benefit the district as a whole.
They have decided to strike on the grounds that they have not received their remaining salary, even after those who have completed the work called by the office from 27th March 2020 and ended on 31st March December 1, 2020.
“David Nongrum received 10,500 votes in the MLA election and Highlander in the last MLA election came second with 6,000 votes. “If we take only 10-20%, we expect to get 30,000-40,000 votes,” he said.
The CORP, which takes care of the death toll, has visited Dwarksuid before the 2022 count.
“I would like to emphasize on the fact that tourism is one of the main sources of income generation and employment opportunities for the youth in the state and will also be one of the main sources of Therefore, the state government will fight as much as possible to improve this industry and we will work hard to implement all the measures so that this industry will increase from time to time. sha ka por” said the Prime Minister.
He was admitted to the hospital on 25.11.2022 and died on 02.12.2022 at 4:10 pm.
The incident came to light after passers-by near the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District found that the youth was injured and informed the police and relatives. relative, whom he sustained head injuries.
The Court said that there are three phases of tender projects including Rilbong to Mylliem Marbaniang 11.6 km, Mylliem Marbaniang to Wahlyngkhat 26.55 km, Wahlyngkhat to Siatbakon 8 km, Siatbakon 8 km. The distance from Wahkdait to Tamabil is about 17.77 km and from Wahkdait to Tamabil Dawki is about 7.99 km.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) today announced that it will hold a trial from today for the 7th Elite Men's Boxing Championships. will start soon on the 25th of November, 2023, starting at 8 pm.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today at 12 noon, after leaving Synod College, left for Mawdiangdiang.
It is also regrettable that the government has not done anything to create the conditions to end the ILP protest of the political parties in the state, he said.
Recently, the State Police, have issued reports, that there are many youths in Garo Hills, who are unaware of the recruitment announcement and this has prompted them to hold meetings to specially, to invite young people to join the police.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has urged the former MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, not to make unfounded statements which could cause confusion among the residents. in the state.
“Those involved, especially the Police, should be punished,” said Bah Erwin.
After this victory, Srikanth will have to prepare his game better, where he will face Chinese player Li Shi Feng; who defeated Singapore's Loh Kean Yew 21-19 21-1
Throughout its history, India has made contributions to various fields of knowledge, including mathematics, astronomy, medicine, philosophy and literature.
“Rida phi khun, have a good day because what we do and do is for your good ... I believe you have seen how hard your Father has worked to prepare and provide for us. “Yes, Mother, I have seen and understood,” said the Mother while eating.
He also announced that for those who will turn 18 years on 1st April, 1st July and 1st October 2023, they can register in advance by filling up Form
Regarding the announcement by the Minister of Agriculture to extend the payment, Bah Hima Laya Shangpliang said, “I would be grateful to the government if the government forgives the debts of the farmers to extend the payment. time in those three months because at the end of the day the farmers have to pay the money themselves”.
On the other hand, the state government, in a statement today, said that the government authorities have taken action to implement or comply with the order of the High Court of Meghalaya, where three such factories have been closed down. to demolish the factories and ordered to demolish the buildings of the entire factory.
Ricky Dkhar CMF bad Dn.
“I asked the doctors whether I was born a boy or a girl, they said listen why you want to know,” said the mother of the child.
Besides, Bah John Kharshiing added that the Meghalaya Games itself is a preparation for the National Games, whichever state will host.
Shillong: Responding to the statement of the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma against the border demarcation which has led to social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said: He said that during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister, there was no discussion to take any decisions by the Cabinet but most of them were taken by MR. Prestone also alleged that the Prime Minister in 2011 did not provide information about the 12 border areas.
The Sub-Divisional Officer said that after 8:00 pm on the same day, the road will be closed to clear the stones and soil that have been stuck in the middle of the road. The people of the North East.
Let's go here.
Mykulbest Lyngdoh Kynshi, General Secretary of KTSA, said that the DC has not given permission but has approved the registration.
According to a statement from the President of the Club, he said that the purpose of this Coaching Camp is to develop and improve the talents of the children of the state who are involved in this sport.
The United Nations has also expressed its regret over its inability to send aid to the people of Afghanistan who are suffering from poverty and starvation.
Dolma Siangshai, resident of Ladrymbai-B, East Jaintia Hills District, passed away on 30/09/2
Patowary said there is no need to worry as there is nothing that cannot be resolved through dialogue.
Therefore, let the heads of institutions and NEHU discuss this issue.
Felickson Pasleiñ of We Sport FC won the Man of the Match award while Confirm Bang of Mency FC won the Best Goal Keeper award. He was elected as one of the Associate Vice Presidents of the Athletics Federation of India (AFI).
“I feel that the CEM's statement, although it is stupid, depends on the decision of the court, it depends on the rules of procedure that they are still considering and at present I cannot say that they have violated the decision of the court. court or contempt of court.
Answer yes or no.
According to Bah Tynsong, the new committee has worked hard and will submit its report in due course.
The driver of the vehicle, Freddy, said that he was on his way from Guwahati to his home in Jaiaw Langsning. , but because of the brake failure, he didn't stop.
Speaking to reporters, Pynshngaiñ said that as he has not given any reason for his resignation, he will no longer be an MLA from today. his reasons have yet to be thoroughly investigated.
So to comfort and console themselves, the two of them talked to each other about what had happened and what they had hoped for.
He also showed a birth certificate of one of the voters which showed that he was born in 2000 but he was able to vote in the sordar election.
Shillong, June 05: A video of a contractor cleaning the road near the Meghalaya Police Public School (MPPS) in Mawlai Mawroh has spread quickly on social media on Tuesday.
He urged the residents to cooperate with the government in any field for the development of the country.
“Please take action and fill the vacancies in order to fully implement the scheme.
Before that, an office was opened at the Dorbar Hall Umsning.
Khliehriat June 9: Dr Phervision Nongtdu is one of the most prominent leaders in Jaintia Hills and the state. He is the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat. This story about Shitang Rymbai is taken from the book 'The New Rymbai District' written by Dr Phervision Nongtdu.
However, the government has also lost the Shiv Sena split and Ajit Pawar has remained the Leader of the Opposition until today when he was sworn in as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Speaking on the Lum Kyntang of the Kur Syrling, which has about 9 Mawbynna, they said that in the past, there used to be a Knia ka Khriam inside the Lum Kyntang, but since the incident. The Pluh Shnong in Sohkwai in 1988, which destroyed dozens of houses and since then, the equipment used for the Knia on this hill has disappeared.
Pray and bless God to give you wealth, employment and to become great or famous in your position as a woman or a man in this world.
He said that the nine youths had returned from Mawsma village and it was at this time that people from Khlieh Hasem, Pashang and other neighboring villages came out.
Lion Sports and Youth Affairs (LSAYA), Jowai invites clubs, teams and individuals to participate in the 6 Aside Knockout Football Tournament 2023 (Open to all) which will start on 3rd July June) 2023.
It is not easy to travel from Tura to Shillong or Shillong to Tura.
Pynshngaiñ urged the residents of the 13 villages to elect the Kiang Nangbah and Tirot Singh of today so that they can lead the country and the nation.
Dikshit was admitted to Escorts Hospital a few days ago for pneumonia, but she died this afternoon at 3.55 pm.
He was one of the best leaders and did not hesitate to speak the truth.
There were 80 participants from all over India, 32 women from Thiruvarambu, Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu and Kuriyanoor from Kerala.
The Minister in charge of Health and Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh together with several MLAs of Jaintia Hills District have arrived in Jowai to meet with the officers of these departments to monitor and investigate. They also discussed issues related to health, agriculture and the management of projects implemented in the two districts of West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills District.
The supporters of the Congress Mawsynram said that for 10 years they have worked hard to win the election for Bah Pynshngaiñ but their hard work has been in vain as he has not worked for the people.
Families and employees have gone for testing and the results will be released soon,” Bachchan said.
Following the incident, the Chief Minister, Himanta Biswa Sarma, issued a statement to express his appreciation to the Cachar Police Station and urged them to will continue to conduct operations against drug traffickers across the state.
After finding the body and hands, the Ri Bhoi Police, together with the family members and villagers, on 9th October, went to take the body of the man and do all that is required according to the law.
The generation should follow in his footsteps," he said.
Other speakers were Bah C.Nongbri, Working President of UDP Ranikor Circle, Bah Silbest Thongni, Minister of Village Ranikor. MLA Scheme.
Guwahati: Seventy political parties led by the Krisham Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) have decided to ban the Prime Minister or any Indian Minister from entering Assam until The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
“In 2018 I was in the opposition, I raised this objection, they should inform the central government that it cannot bring in a Governor who does not understand English.
The deceased were identified as Kamustar (9), Sngewbhalang (6), Bedingstar (5), Sisharlin (2 years 6 months) and a child under 9 months.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5 : The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) has conducted a training for farmers in Upper Shillong on how to cultivate or plant medicinal plants such as Swertia Chirayita and Gaultheria. Very fragrant (Jathynrat).
Meanwhile, government officials said that the printing of ration cards has started.
So overall we are vigilant in all aspects," he added.
He said that on that day there will be a special training for the unemployed students of the village on how to find jobs in any type of job in any department.
Who can stop?” Isaiah 43:10-1
Norwegian tennis player Casper Ruud has played well from the start of his career at the Estoril Open after winning his first victory in the Estoril Open. They beat Portugal's Joao Sousa 4-6, 6-2, 6-2 in the quarter-finals.
They said that because this custom and tradition of the Bhoi is not included in the Khasi Social Custom Lineage Act, 1997, many of the children who are Ring Bia or Shaw Bhoi do not get the Khasi Tribe and Schedule Tribe. that this Act does not recognize the customs and traditions of marriage in Ri Bhoi.
Matthew 7:21.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District today announced the release of free rice from the PMGKAY scheme for the month of October in the district.
As soon as they arrived, they began to throw stones and sticks into the water.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Suklang Dkhar, President of the Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association and General Secretary of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association, expressed his gratitude to the winners of the championship. It was equal that the participants played well physically and mentally.
In the village, which has 500 households, only nine votes were cast and five of them were cast from Jammal's house.
According to a source, the three Khasi children who worked in the factory, had been busy working and they had finished their work late at night and could not find them. They went to ask for food from Bablu Singh who worked with them and used to eat together in the same place.
The Special Judge POCSO has also fined T.7 lakh under Section 6 of the POCSO Act 2012 and Section 3762(i)/376A/302 IPC. in East Jaintia Hills.
Earlier, Satyendar Jain had fallen at the checkpoint and sustained injuries to his neck,” the Aam Aadmi Party said.
As they walked along, they began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice, because they saw the miracles that Jesus had done.
The issue that we need to think about is when we Meghalayans will wake up from our sleep.
The death of a woman on Mawlai Road on the evening of November 13, 2023 after being hit by a two-wheeler while she was trying to cross the road has sparked another debate on the ñiah river.
Because they don't have to work hard like human beings to get food, drink, clothes and so on”.
In the individual medals, Donlad Diengdoh of Mawlai Sports Club won the Golden Boot after scoring 15 goals. Sten won the Golden Glove award for the best goalkeeper and Tremiki Lamurong won the Golden Ball award for the best player in the MSL. to hand over the MSL awards to RUFC who won the tournament.
“It has donated food items during the crisis during the fight against COVID-19,” said one of the speakers.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, in the past few days, said that the State Government has already set up the Population Commission and has directed the Central Government to launch the Population Commission. The implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) for the repatriation of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and Myanmar.
The MBA and Meghalaya Butchers Association have been in trouble and have requested Conrad Sangma to help.
“In 2018, the allocation for MGNREGS in the State was only T.500 crore but after we received it, it has increased to T.1800 crore. “It has been successful because we have supervised and implemented each project through good governance,” said Conrad.
Personally, all the political parties in the opposition should not be called I.N.D.I.A, which also causes a lot of confusion in the minds of the people in the country.
For more information, please call the following toll-free numbers: 94854-32400 or
When Jesus was no longer on earth and in the year 70 AD this prophecy was fulfilled that the Jews would no longer worship in Jerusalem, the reason was because the Second Temple of Solomon was burned in u 70 AD.As the Temple was burned, the Jews were scattered all over the world and taken captive to Babylon (Iran).
Instead of mushlia, the electronic light doesn't light up like a Christmas tree.
After a few years, we saw another snowstorm.
Diligent : The word diligent is to be able to answer all the questions.
In the areas under Sohra and Pynursla Civil Sub Divisions, 33 percent vehicles will be allowed to travel per day and these vehicles will be allowed to travel only in the areas of the Civil Sub Divisions.
The meeting was attended by NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Victor Ranee MDC Jirang. in the presence of the people who came to support Bah Sosthenos Sohtun.
Such proud people should have repented quickly.
He said that if the state government cannot provide the right facts, the party will have to apply to the DoNER and the Roads, Transport and Highways department.
He said that the Deputy Commissioner has promised to inform the government that the residents of the villages in the border area have wanted to expedite the settlement of the border. he distributed it so that there would be no more doubt among the people.
Wanshong has already lodged a complaint at the Sohra police station against the village authorities. However, she alleged that now the village authorities have threatened her to leave this place.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the PMGKAY scheme for the month of June 2022 has been released to all households under the NFSA (AAY & PHH) from 3rd June 2022 to 15th June
If you have a smart phone, send it to ii.30 I don't have a sniaw, but I don't know if it costs 4 units.
Riangdo, June 28: After the District Council through the 15th Finance Commission 2020-21 has allocated about Rs 2 crore for the construction of a Super Market in Riangdo, the residents of the area have witnessed the construction of the Super Market. The market has moved forward and many expect it to be completed within two years.
“While we have not yet received the parking facilities to reduce the congestion, the construction of the skywalk has to be suspended at this time because of the traffic jam in the next 10 and a half years. “It will be more difficult if we start the construction of the skywalk in these identified places,” he said.
“We will implement in a clean and transparent manner and these activities will be transparent,” said Bah Ardent after the opening of the first Executive Committee of ARPA. He said that the EC also discussed to strengthen the implementation of the Council's budget.
Most of this money is spent by MLAs in the last year of their term.
“We have seen on the 12th July 1897 this incident when a huge earthquake struck this country which caused a lot of loss and damage,” he said.
Matthew 24:35.
Before the distribution of these gifts, a short speech was delivered by Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, who explained that the motto of the synjuk is “Teach to do good”. based on the Bible book of Isaiah chapter 1 verse
Kong Ampareen also spoke in Khasi in the House on another day, and prepared a speech which has been translated into English in accordance with the rules as directed by the Lamphang at that time. , and Dr Donkupar Roy.
“These farming methods will not affect the fertility of the soil and will also increase the production of crops. to the farmers,” she said.
Speaking as the chief guest at the launch of the album at Shillong Press Club, KC Momin said that this is the second time for Leoberth to release an album. and his first album was the best selling song in Ri-Lum Garo.
On Saturday, there was a job examination at the school.
Two children aged 5 years and 7 years old have died after being beaten and thrown by roadside bombs in two incidents. , where the days of their attacks were only a few days apart.
In the second match, Mukhla Raij beat Panaliar 3-0 with goals scored by Guiding Star Suna in the 3rd & 13th minutes and Sanga Sumer in the 42nd minute.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paiem Rickey said, “It is not the pollution from Iewduh, there are no residents in Iewduh, how can we bring niut”.
“Don't fool us youngsters, because the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep have agreed to look into the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Dkhar.
Pala rejected the demand of the Congress Party to set up an Independent Inquiry into the collapse of the roundabout.
Speeches were also delivered by Frankie Massar, Secretary UDP Mawlai Circle and Teibok Kharkongor, Secretary UDP Mawlai Circle.
Meghalaya has now exceeded the national average in the supply of water to the households of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) by 72.1%.
According to the information received by the union, when people come to Byrnihat in groups, they are sent to Civil Hospital Shillong for testing and then they are sent to quarantine centers. In the evening, they were sent to quarantine centers and later the health workers will have to take their samples for testing.
Lakiang said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided that there will be no road blockade within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong for these two days and at the same time he requested his friends and neighbors to come to the fete to support the fete. good intentions.
The SSA scheme has been implemented in collaboration with the State Governments so that it can be implemented in all the States of the country and can fully meet the needs of education in the country.
He said that Meghalaya will be governed only by the people of Meghalaya.
But in the end the plastic bag seller won.
You have heard that among hundreds of children there are poor families, they cannot go to school and there are those who have no parents,” she said.
It will also reduce recreational activities such as swimming, fishing and boating as the appearance of the trees and the beauty of the rivers and streams have been destroyed.
Samehi Laloo, Secretary Rotary Club Jowai 2020-21 while Rtn.
However, he warned that it is enough to have a special snap and to be proud of our country, but we should not count all these things stingy.
And our people in Pakistan have become poor until now.
However, he said that according to Conrad, the stadium was built by his government.
In fact, even the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has praised the ability of Kong Teilinia to conduct the dorbar.
Many urgent issues of the Seng including the preparation for the drug program will be discussed at this meeting.
The curfew will be in force from 9 pm to 5 pm and will continue for all three nights.
cases in West Khasi Hills, 100 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 183 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in South Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 0 and North Garo Hills 8 cases.
“If God is willing and if the people of Nongkrem are willing, understand, want, love, I have a good intention and not for personal gain,” said Bah Lamare.
Furthermore, the residents of the area said that the reason is not only that he is against the construction of the road, but there are also personal reasons which have caused the residents to be angry.
The second leg will start on the 3rd of July at the same ground at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
He said the people of Mylliem and the state have understood that only the Congress can provide fair and accurate services to them.
“Until all the requirements have been met, government departments have been able to appoint new employees.
Wa-i-sa Sumer July 3, 2020 The word Kchu ka Siang is the word Blai and the King is the word for the daughter.
Therefore, we appeal to you parents to help us in the revival of our nation.
In the past few months, a woman has been criticized by the public for allegedly protecting foreigners who do not have trade licences.
When I asked the women and youth whether they used to go to the PHC to get medicine, their answer was shocking to hear.
"We are not against development as others have alleged," he said.
After the meeting, Prestone said that the NHIDCL has identified some of the areas and how to protect them. I'm sorry for the Lyiur season now.
She said it is necessary to discuss the inability of Meghalaya and its citizens to speak or understand Hindi.
Due to the urgent need to deliver to the market, it is also allowed to harvest and collect the produce and deliver it to the market to avoid the loss of these products.
He said that as the minister, he will monitor the remaining works in relation to the construction of the stadiums so that he can fight as much as possible to complete it as soon as possible this year.
He also appealed to the people to refrain from illegal coal mining through the old method of 'rat hole mining' after the government has introduced the method of mining through the technology. new.
The Government cannot be blamed alone for being the cause of all the problems and has not been able to eliminate them but it has been found that the people are also the cause of the problems. and increase it.
Mumbai, Nailar 14: The Indian Navy has suffered the worst incident of its life when a sub-marine capsized and sank this morning killing 18 people. Three officers were killed in the fire after the explosion of two explosives inside the sub-marine.
President, Sakilan Chyrmang, Vice President, Kyntang Phawa, Secretary Geral Phawa, Asst.Secy, Heimon Manner, Treasurer Lambormi DKhar and 7 Executive Members including Shanbor Rymbai, Simpleming Rymbai, Somli Pyngrope, Kynsailad Kharbina, Kynsailad Kharbina, Asst.Secy, Heimon Manner, Treasurer Lambormi DKhar. Chyrmang, Yooki Dkhar and Tyros Dkhar.
Natbor FT will play against Umlyngsha FT at 11:00 AM and Lakadong Ummat SCC will play against Lama YSC at 1:00 PM. I am happy to be back in the Congress party, because in 2008, I won the Congress party, in 2009, I won the MDC seat from the Congress party, in 2013, I won the second term. “I won again from the Congress party in 2014 as MDC of Mawsynram,” said Bah PN Syiem, MDC of Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah. , who regularly met with Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Khasi Hills, during his tenure as CEM, Bah PN Syiem, said, “There are many reasons, during my tenure as CEM in Khasi Hills. District Council.
To deceive the people by bringing in people from Assam to fill their seats, this action of the AITC has defamed Meghalaya to a great extent, and put the state as a whole in grave danger. , said Dr Ampareen.
The people became like a brut shut ing.
“The Public Help Desk has disappeared after the resignation of CEM Bah Ardent,” said a news release from KHADC. After Bah Ardent, they didn't pay any more attention to this matter.
Peter said the mission will be led by HYC members across the circles and units in the constituencies of Congress MLAs in Ri Khasi and Jaintia.
This was announced by the Under Secretary Home (Political) J. Lyngdoh to all the political parties.
Ampareen denied that she should blame any party or government, as they have their own policies.
He said that MeECL should pay the salaries of the employees by the 10th of every month according to Section 17 of the Wage Act. From time to time to the authorities but the delay in payment of salaries continues from time to time.
Those who witnessed the ceremony included Bah Rayanold Kharkamni, Secretary Nongpoh Town Committee, Bah Anthony Suchiang, Secretary Nongpoh Town Committee, Pastor PW Pnar, Raid Leaders and others.
The MSU has made it clear that it stands on the BEFR of 1875 and the MSU stands on this basis in relation to the border demarcation with Assam.
This shows that the police of their state are not qualified to do their job.
The airport authorities said that the places in India where most of the passengers fly through the airport are Mumbai, Delhi and Bengaluru; and the 2 other destinations outside the country that passengers fly from the port are Singapore and Paro.
Therefore, high and low cholesterol is associated with the health of the blood vessels and blood vessels.
Of course, there is a shortage and we cannot say that in any government.
Mathematics University NEHU, Shillong; Sally Gracia Warjri, who won the 1st Class-10th position in the B.Sc.
“Gokhale does not seek facts from the government or any of its departments to get accurate information or judge or look at even those on the website,” the report said.
His service as Executive Director of Finance at REC has shown that he has been able to run the company through his ability to address the challenges arising from the financial sector, the availability of to understand the financial activities of both the state and the private sector.
Therefore, the state needs such leaders who take responsibility for the development of the state in their positions and the people should understand and recognize such leaders who will lead the state. state.
Speaking to media, the Advisor of the Nehu Students' Union, Samla Comingstar Kharsyntiew, said that the VC immediately refused to respond to the matter. they shall not interfere in this matter.
However, we cannot blame the government alone for not being able to provide jobs, because the youth of the state in many cases, are the ones who have chosen the job to do.
Then he asked him again if he could still swim again.
The purpose of the project is to improve income and preserve the culture and traditions of the people of the state.
There are 11 recoveries from the disease.
Vice Marshal M Singh is one of the chiefs of the army, who has flown up to 6700 hours of various aircraft and the flight was also attended by the chiefs of the army of the city.
Nongtyngur beat Nongmadan 3-1
“The BJP does not respect the identity of the people of this state but they want to bring everyone together whether it is in language, belief, food. , the way you dress".
“The MDC elections will be held in 2024 as the Indian government has not sent any letter to the council to extend the term of office of the current House,” he said.
There will be many more elections in the future, but we should not take advantage of this time, but in fact, we should unite so that we can build the future of the state,” he said.
According to the RTA's order to women permit holders, the permits issued to women for vehicles must be driven only by women, and the color of the vehicle for the taxis driven by women must be only blue and white, and those vehicles must be newly issued, old ones are not allowed.
The match was also broadcast live on DD Sports.
This house belongs to Ribiang Phawa.
JHADC Executive Member Winning Garland Sungoh in charge of Taxation Department on Thursday inaugurated the office of the Village Organization (VO) Nongryngkoh in Laskein Block.
At the same time, the court expressed its concern that although most of the land in Meghalaya belongs to the tribals and tribal groups, they do not look after the welfare of the environment or expressed its opposition to the actions of the government and the Pollution Control Board for not taking measures to prevent the damage to the environment and the residents.
They also said that the installation of clinker in the area will affect not only the people who live near the river, but also those people who come from other places and who like to go for a walk or If the water from the Klinker reaches the Umiam River, it will affect the people who use the river and also the people who use the river. doh-um don't have a house in this house.
The death toll today includes one from Delhi, Gujarat, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Telangana and Jammu and Kashmir.
After the two old workers heard about it, they left and arranged the huri hura and the dinner went smoothly in which everyone ate with pleasure.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Hazarika said that the program was organized at Mawpyrshong under the Tribal Sub Plan project which aims to help the farmers to increase their production of rice and vegetables. you're reaping.
Speaking on the occasion, CEM Teinwell Dkhar said, “Dr Donkupar Roy's only concern is that he has not been able to achieve the South East Khasi Hills. A wise man is a man of strong mind and does not turn away from parties.
On the other hand, the Principal Secretary, Sampath Kumar said that the construction of these new Aganwadi Centers and the maintenance of the old Aganwadi Centers across the state will benefit 7 lakh children.
Shillong, July 19: The salary of T.1,79,640 teachers has been stolen from Iewmawlong, Shillong, this morning at 1:30 pm.
Before the start of the meeting, a procession was held from Sngap Syiem College to the venue.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the opening ceremony of the Meghalaya International Film Festival at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Bah Paul said that the festival will be an opportunity for the youth to see the opportunity. which is waiting for the industry and acting which can also be a source of income in the coming days.
The Waheh Shnong of Pdengshakap, Forward Shylla, on Tuesday said that the Secretary VEC, Khmihlang Surong, has not been able to explain to the public on the allegation of misuse of T.17 lakh. For the implementation of the scheme for the construction of a drinking water tank, footpaths in Pdengshakap village and others.
Shillong, June 27: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has started spreading its wings across the constituencies in Lum Khasi Hills to prepare for the upcoming elections. MLA 2018.
There is also an expectation that the works will go smoothly and that the residents will be in peace, as no one wants to have only chaos in the villages.
The traffic jam in Shillong, which has been increasing from day to day, has increased especially during the visit of highway officials to the city.
The KJP Assembly has decided to hold the celebration from 4th November 2022 to 3rd November
“We have received about 30,000 from Garo Hills, 4,000 from Jaintia Hills and 43,000 from Shillong,” he said.
Therefore, the union demands that the Government and the Education Department should appoint at least four teachers in each school (two from science stream and two from arts stream) within nine months. days and also to build classrooms and laboratories in all these schools which is one of the needs of the students according to the current MBOSE course and if the government cannot do this the union itself will have to to take other measures for the betterment of the education and future of these children.
Now that they have won only two seats, the NPP has removed both of them as ministers.
Speaking to reporters, they said that many times they have gone to the state government to ask for assistance to look into the situation in the village but no one has pushed or done anything.
However, one thing is clear, we as RWDO would like to request you not to include our Pynursla Constituency in the map of Sohra District, because we have decided to be in East Khasi Hills District as “It's easier and closer for us to carry out our duties in Shillong which is the Head Quarter of East Khasi Hills District,” said the statement. .
"“Such statements, we will see after October 2, whether we can join hands with such people in the government," he added.
She also expressed her gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu and the people who came to take part in this successful programme.
“Ka Seng has also seen that the Government of India has shown and supported on this issue but the Seng warns that a small sign will burn the souls of the youth of the jaidbynriew and the region and if there is bloodshed within the district the Government shall take responsibility.
On seeing the incident, 49 CRPF personnel of E/67 Bn in three groups rushed to extinguish the fire. with water from a nearby pond.
Therefore, 2023 is a golden opportunity for you to bring about change in the Khadar system so that we can have leaders who will provide the best service to the citizens,” he said.
Shillong, July 18 : According to a report sent by the Disaster Management Authority of the State Government, there have been many incidents, damage and deaths in natural disasters from 1st June 2022 to today, 18th July 2022, across the districts of the state.
In Malappuram, Kerala, a bank branch has distributed foodgrains to 66,000 students, more than the number of students at the school who should have received the foodgrains. .
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to 1,390 with six new cases.
The more meditators, the more severe the pain.
At the closing ceremony, musicians and singers such as Kid's Tarari, Thunder's Cave and Snow White performed. .
This is probably the reason why these brothers have created a way to kill the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong.
Bah Ronnie said that this visit of Bah Hamlet is a thank you to the people of Mylliem as a whole.
A.S.Majaw, while at 7 pm the sermon was delivered by Rev.E.H.Chullai.
If he fails to pay the fine, he will have to serve another six months in jail.
The Deputy Labor Commissioner also explained about the assistance programs that the government has allocated for the self-employed and self-employed residents, whether they are small or large traders as well.
A few months ago, the leader of the National League for Democracy (NLD), Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that he does not want to contest again from East Shillong because he does not feel hopeful that there are too many non-Khasis who do not vote for him. you are a national organization.
And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness;
Seven teams of doctors, each four doctors are trained in surgery, psychiatry, medicine, gynecology, pediatrics, urology and medicine. They will provide support to the state to provide health facilities, which has been severely affected by the ongoing violence and clashes in Manipur.
The victim was identified as Robi Dhar (56 years old).
These spicy words, we can say, from the children have burned and eaten, have stirred up the innocent hearts of millions of people.
They just need a few words, encouragement, and praise.
“Four wonderful winds are blowing in our state to elect a joint candidate and this will happen,” said Dr Jemino.
On the other hand, the strike by ACHIK has reached 11 days on Thursday and there is no sign that the group will end the strike.
In this regard, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of RBYF, Sengkmie, said that the RBYF is surprised after receiving information that many of these brokers intend to violate the rights of land owners to buy land at a reasonable price without considering the rights of the land owners who are entitled to benefit from the government if the government takes their land.
The program will be held at Maharaja College, Mysuru.
Nongstoiñ: Nongpyndeng SS&CC has continued to win the Super Division of the NDSA tournament against Mawkawah SC. Nongpyndeng SC beat Mawkawah SC 1-0 in the Super Division match at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng today.
However, we do not accept this fact because we all emphasize our own feelings which we take as the source of His creation. read it.
A.Romio, the goalkeeper of the Assam Regiment, was named man of the match. With this victory, Assam Regiment has scored three points to qualify for the 2nd leg of the semi-final. the sports field.
The class schedule is only 20 minutes and that is with the assistance of the authorities according to the modern technology which is causing problems to the children especially from the rural areas of the state,” he said.
When the Tongsoh died, they threw the siej under the Wahriat and then a khongpong siej appeared.
The economy is the sovereign power.
Shillong: The counting of votes for the mid-term MDC elections in the 26-Langrin Constituency of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was held today. He won by 13821 votes.
They did not bring any weapons because Sohan D Shira did not give them.
Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, MPs, Syiems, Nongsynshar from Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid to Dorbar Hima should train and encourage the people of the state to use to speak or hold meetings through the technology of internet such as WhatsApp, Zoom, Skype, or Webex which can be done through MOBILES or computers or laptops.
We agree with the position taken by Purno, namely, that there is no need to create or create more states by dividing the existing states.
Before the end of the distribution, Babu Khonglah, the superintendent of the site, gave a greeting and blessing.
Our people are now angry with the government and the police because they have not been allowed to open churches.
During the search, police recovered 2.17 grams of heroin and empty bags of heroin suspected to have been sold to drug dealers.
In 1957, he became the SDO of Ukhrul in Manipur and then in Churachandpur from 1959 to
The former Mawshynrut MLA, after being expelled from these parties in July last year, has started to go to the people to discuss how he will act in the party. He advised him not to register with the Bharatya Janata Party if he intends to contest the election.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today summoned the political parties at his residence to explain the government's decision to convene a special session to take a decision on the implementation of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation. Act 1873 provides for the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the State of Meghalaya.
The Indian Olympic Association, through its President Narinder D Batra, has sent a letter praising the hard work and ability of the MSOA to host the tournament, with the support of the state government. He also said that this will help Meghalaya in the preparation for the 39th National Games.
On the other hand, the VPP leader also urged the police department to fulfill its duty especially in dangerous areas where there is a lot of trouble through drugs, alcohol and others.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Amit Shah held the five-month membership registration ceremony in Delhi from the 1st of this month.
REV. THOMAS JONES gave his life to protect our beloved Khasi people from the persecution of the French and Nongkhai Dohlieh Governments by establishing schools, the Khasi Alphabet ABKD, also teaching in the development of literature.
He promised to find ways to raise funds for the construction of these roads.
Sources said that Bah B Narlong has died of Covid-19 and other illnesses which he did not have in his body.
These drugs were intended to be sold to buyers but the police were surprised to find that they were counterfeit because they were packed with dai.
The history of Khonrympha is a glory to the Lyngngam.
Nongpoh: Police have arrested a man named Suresh Prasad Kanu from Byrnihat Police Outpost, Ri Bhoi District, on charges of drug trafficking.
He said that they don't want this to end up in the essay competition and therefore it was decided to hold a seminar on this issue on the 5th of November at Dinam Hall.
“It is difficult to accept that such information provided by Justice Katakey is not available to the state government or that the state government has not done anything to monitor the operation of the coal mining and silver factories. walk and operate without permission,” the High Court said.
Rev Geora said that in his church, which has about 30 churches in Garo Hills, no one has agreed to register for aadhaar. They will start gathering the people of Garo Hills not to be forced to issue Aadhaar cards.
In the state, it is also necessary to improve the treatment of patients with tuberculosis so that the people do not have to travel outside Meghalaya.
The concern is for the rights of everyone which promotes the independence of democracy in India and which also protects the poor in the country.
The residents immediately informed the heads of PWD (Road) Mawsynram Sub Division and after about 2 hours people from the department came to see the incident and admitted that the work will take place. for they had to fight against Moab, which was in the midst of the road.
Conrad said the government has stopped taking electricity from NTPC because the price of electricity from NTPC is T 5.7 per unit and this is the highest price compared to the price of electricity from NTPC. market.
Later, the film “Manik Raitong” was released and others followed.
This area is within the boundary of the United Khasi Jaintia District Council but has now been handed over to Assam.
The President of the union said that this way of working of the construction company has affected the visitors from school children, contractors, market vendors in Jowai and villages from outside Jaintia Hills.
In fact, the employees of the toll gate should also wear uniforms so that the public will know and recognize that they are employees of the toll gate. The lack of uniforms of the employees at the Toll Gate has caused problems.
The party will continue to oppose the railway line, while the government has not been able to pass laws to restrict the entry and exit of foreigners into Meghalaya. He said that if peace and stability is to be maintained in Ri Bhoi, the party demands the immediate release of those arrested leaders and to stop the search for the party members.
“Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?  Matthew 16:26.
The fire brigade on receiving the incident rushed to the market to extinguish the fire, but the flames of the fire damaged the market.
In his speech, Bah Renikton also expressed his special gratitude to the officers of the district who have been the reason for the success in implementing many projects within the Mawkyrwat Constituency.
Although they are farmers, the land they cultivate, especially the fields, is owned by the owners.
Pa'iem Tirot Singh, when he was in the hands of the enemy, did not surrender by promising to hand over the kingdom to the foreign government but stood firm until the last days of his life. your life.
Polish world champion Iga Swiatek has faced a tough match against Beatriz Haddad Maia at the French Open.
This house was used for meditation and in front of it, there was an altar used for rituals.
There should be a public explanation on this issue so that the Khasi people will be shocked on the 23rd.
The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) vehicles carrying illegal drugs came to light after the leaders of the Meghalaya Awakened Council (MACC) searched the vehicles of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) carrying illegal drugs. wan from the Polo area.
Shillong, June 16: U Minister of State for Information and Public Relations, Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek today launched the MEGNEWS newspaper published by the Directorate of Information and Public Relations, Shillong. .
It can be said that perhaps they are those who do not have the blood of the Jaitbynriew or their blood has turned into Ksuit – which means that it has rotted and they want to destroy others.
It is for this reason that our constituencies in Assam have only 16 representatives in the Legislative Assembly while the constituencies of Assam have 110 representatives.
Furthermore, he explained about the methods of pig farming as the state is still dependent on foreign supply of meat. The government, which has introduced the Meghalaya Piggery Mission, has They also discussed how to raise pigs, how to eat, how to clean and how to give medicines and vaccines to pigs.
It is up to the Executive Committee of the Autonomous District Councils to examine the transparency and integrity of the Trade and Enforcement Department as well as the Labor Department, as these two departments are also the bloodline that protects the country. The nation shall be protected from any discrimination in the trade of inheritance with other nations from outside the state.
It is worth mentioning that after the decision of the High Court which has abolished the powers of Rangbah Shnong, this issue has become a hot topic in the past few days, until The CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has been summoned to appear before the High Court for his remarks against Judge SR Sen. The Rangbah Shnong Unions have expressed their dissatisfaction with the decision of the High Court.
When asked whether Teilinia has applied for a ticket, Witting said she has not yet applied for a ticket.
The Director of MIPR, Bah HM Shangpliang, said that the festival will be inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr.KK Paul.
Jowai, June 14: The BSF troops guarding the India-Bangladesh border on Tuesday led about 30 officials to visit Balatkhamtam. The Border Hat is located in the area.
Sacheti said this while talking to media after meeting with Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, senior officials of the Sports Department and members of the Meghalaya State Olympic Committee. meeting which was held today.
The tragic incident happened today at his home in Montreat, North Carolina, a spokesman for the Billy Graham Evangelical Association told the newspaper.
Captain Hashmatullah Shahidi top scored with 80 runs off 88 balls while Azmatullah Omarzai top scored with 62 runs off 69 balls.
Asom Kristi Kendra, Stoney Land donated 50,000 tyngka, Cantonment Harijan Community Welfare Organization Anjalee Area 50,000 tyngka, Khasi Student Union NEHU Unit 10,000 thousand tyngka and Meghalaya State Kick Boxing Association 10,000 thousand tyngka.
Only a few households in this village have their own fields to grow rice.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Wahiingdoh and Lawmli Dorbar Shnongs in the presence of MDC Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem and Executive Engineer of Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) Bah FB Chyne on Friday inspected the collapsed parts of the Umkhrah River in the areas that still fall within the boundary of Wahiingdoh and Lawmali villages.
Understand that they too have the right to live and earn a living but it is the duty of the government to look after or set up their own special place for them so that they can sell and buy as they please. .
Many of the kur leaders are older people who cannot understand, because the bill is written in English.
Shaborlang Rympei was appointed as the President of the BJP Mawhati Mandal on 29th July 2022 by the State BJP President, Bah Earnest Mawrie. On the other hand, Bah Shanborlang Rympei, President of the BJP Mawhati Mandal, expressed his satisfaction that the party has elected him to take over the position of leader in the constituency. The BJP Constituency has requested the support of the BJP leaders and supporters to cooperate and the goal is to win the BJP candidate for the changes in Mawhati Constituency. Constituency that is still in the state.
At the same time, it was shown that Jagannath had purchased T.12.63 crore using C Form and had not included the tax payment of T.2.53 crore from the purchase of cigarettes. T.5.06 crore and T.1.74 crore from Hardeodas.
Speaking to the media, the party leaders also expressed their appreciation that there are Sordars who have not been able to give the recommendation.
Now, the appeal is to the villages, schools, colleges, universities, all civil society organizations and individuals, to contribute by planting at least 10 seedlings of soh trees, or any large trees, not small trees, so that we can grow trees in the villages and get many benefits, not only in terms of clean air, but also to provide water to the areas to restore the environment. our.
“We don't want to increase the price, the cabinet seat has only 12 members and the demand for seats is only the opinion of a few people and not from the party,” said Dr Don.
BSF sources said that while on duty at Kalaichar BOP, Kamlesh shot himself at 10 pm with an INSAS rifle. I'm going to come to you.
The rich man did not think that he would go to hell because he had not committed any sin.
These assistance have enabled emerging farmers and local entrepreneurs to prepare for the market which has led to the export of shynrai to foreign countries, such as the United States, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and Russia.
The request came after the UIDAI issued an announcement that it has extended the registration of Aadhar in the states for another three months and those who do not register will no longer receive any assistance or benefits from the UIDAI. Government of India.
The people love me and I hope I will win this goal,” said Egenstar.
“Talent cannot create the world without hard work,” said Bah Nongrem.
'The drinkers who had been sent to work across the Rymben River, as soon as they reached the bridge, those who were about to fall, also fell down,' said the old man. 'Of course, it benefits us a little,' added Babu Kri.
On the other hand, Bah Esron Marweiñ, President of the Butcher Association of Meghalaya, said that after the outbreak of LSD, the meat vendors have faced difficulties as many vendors have had to close their shops due to the outbreak of LSD. market conditions.
Pynsandame Kharbuli scored two goals (23 & 50), while Damanbha Nongbet (44) and Sacred Heart's Badondor Jana scored the other goal. 39).
The Minister said that she has a suggestion that the Government should strive to create opportunities for groups to employ these nurses.
“We have not found any case of coronavirus in the state and the Umroi airport has been directed to search all passengers,” he said.
Until now, no one has been arrested for the crime, said U Khingte.
Prestone said the state government will have to spend about T.1.5 crore annually to help pay the income tax of the officers. It also helps those people of the state who work as officers of the state government abroad who have to pay Income Tax.
The miners have agreed to suspend the transportation of coal and continue in these areas until the Majai Dorbar Shnong and the Sohra Hima reach an agreement.
The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon, Gurgaon, today visited Sheetla Mata Colony in Gurgaon over the noise of a Muslim mosque in the area. The Commissioner of the Corporation said that the mosque was close to the armory of the army.
He alleged that the misuse of power by AIG (A) GK Iangrai has caused the people to lose confidence in the government.
That is why, when God says 'in our image', it means that man was created in the Spirit, because God is Spirit.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday demanded that the Government/Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District should immediately suspend the enactment of Section 144 CrPC. Shillong: This Tuesday at 10:00 pm, shops, food shops, music shops in vehicles around Shillong have been strictly prohibited.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has expressed his surprise over the allegation by the Leader of the Opposition Mukul Sangma, that the State Government has violated Article 176 of the Constitution. The Governor of the State should not speak to the Governor before the start of the first Session of the State Legislative Assembly. He said that if there is any violation of the rules, he should bring it to the House and we will welcome it.
“We have arrested Kaustav Bagchi from his residence in Barrackpore.
Of course it’s true and appropriate that we think for ourselves, but don’t let that feeling reach beyond its limit.
New schemes and policies will be implemented to make Meghalaya one of the top 10 states in the country.
Besides, it cannot be said that it has to support the supreme leader, Conrad K Sangma.
Vivek said the Speaker of the Assembly has been informed that Julius Dorphang has been arrested and police will start investigation as soon as they get permission from the court.
Rallies against the CAB were held in Madanrting and Laitjem villages this evening.
According to information received, the MLAs who have lost and are still receiving PSOs are Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, former MLA of Mawsynram, Bah Remington Pyngrope, former MLA of Mawkynrew and others. too.
According to information received, the incident occurred after 2 pm, which was also the time when the power outage was in force across the city.
He was one of the founding members of the National Assembly.
The Prime Minister said it is not easy to get permission to mine coal without following the rules laid down by the Supreme Court especially in terms of environmental protection.
Ayushman Bharat PM-JAY identifies beneficiaries through Aadhaar where the beneficiary has to apply for Aadhaar according to e-KYC. hence, the application for Ayushman card is either accepted or rejected based on the contact details of the beneficiary.
However, the iPhone 14 Pro he bought is not an iPhone, but it has only the appearance of an iPhone while the software inside is Android. The speaker and camera of the phone are also incomplete.
The Rajya Sabha has passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) with a vote of 125 in favor and 105 against.
The fierce race for the MLA seat in Sohiong on 13th June has come to an end with Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah of the United Democratic Party (UDP) winning the single election. to Sohiong Constituency.
Be people who don't know how to make rice, wheat, barley and vegetables. Then you will understand that the money you buy is not worth it. nothing with the energy farmers expend to make your delicious hot food.
Speaking through a video on the occasion, Dr Jitendra Singh said, “In the past few years, space technology has entered the lives of all people and as a result, the demand has increased. There are many services that can be provided through the airport that have the opportunity to earn a living.
The chairman of MCCL who is also the MLA of Jowai together with government officials have left for Kolkata to visit the BCPL workplace before signing the soskular with the company.
“(In fact) one morning, I was surprised to see in the newspaper that my name had been published as a candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from the BJP. , who is the Vice President of the State BJP and I said, how without my knowledge, my name appeared in the newspaper about nominating me as an MP candidate and the answer I received was that we don't there is no suitable candidate or anyone else but you, that is why we have chosen your name.
Meanwhile, the MLA of 19 South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, said that the allocation for the construction of the road is T.4.35,56 crore and will be completed within 18 months. advantage.
He said that nothing can be said yet as the investigation into the incident has started after receiving a complaint.
Fortunately, some MPs, who were stronger, arrested these two robbers.
Many villages were burnt down, churches were burned and damaged, and all schools and educational institutions were closed.
Let us make the Bible speak out against and condemn prejudice and partiality.
Two matches were played between Mupliang and Umshangiar.
Shillong, March 11: A girl identified as Tingmate Tangsang, 14 years old, has been hit by an unlicensed motorcycle at 5 pm this evening. the village of Waterfall.
There was a video on Al Masirah TV, where the bodies were lying lyngkar and lying in one place, while the other survivors were going to buy food. this country, which is in great poverty, because of the war.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJJA) on Tuesday celebrated its 175th Anniversary at Nongsawlia Sohra Church.
The State Government has amended the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act 2012 according to the Amendment 2017, which has exempted pastors from this Act and they no longer want to follow this case as a pleasure. together, he said.
If you have only one responsibility and that is to do good, you will surely become a hero even without a position.
The decline in income in this period is due to the outbreak of Covid-1
The reason for the HSPDP's support for the PDF has become clear after the Media Cell Leader of the HSPDP, Bah Londoner Sohtun in his speech to reporters, said that the support for the PDF is only for the HSPDP. He said that Bah Pynshngaiñ is well aware of this.
The city of Shillong has become like a khoh where everyone is throwing from the big mouth to the bottom of the hole.
Conrad said that Mukul Sangma has left the Congress with the thought that the Congress party has no hope but he has mistakenly thought that the people of Garo Hills will not accept the new party. from abroad when they have the opportunity to elect a party from their own state.
Referring to the HSPDP candidate Hubert Riang, many said that they don't know him well but they can't explain how strong he is because they say it depends on the work of the current MLA. Ardent M Basaiawmoit but they have confirmed that he will not reach the goal no matter how strong he is.
He also promised that the Raid after finding out the truth will immediately remove such Rangbah Shnongs.
Shillong, Naitung 1: A 75-year-old man has lodged an FIR at Sohra Police Station for allegedly raping three children in Rymmai village.
Border Security Force troops have seized 15.5 kilograms of heroin after they seized a drone flying in parts of the country from Pakistan in the border areas of Punjab today.
The golden rule in society, “All things therefore whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them.
In the afternoon, a march was held from Iewrynghep Square Shillong and ended at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
The death toll has risen to 7, of which 6 have not been injected.
It was not until 2016 that the KJP Assembly in its Special Session held in April appointed a Special Committee for the purpose of to renew and change the way of working.
However, it is understood that the money has not yet reached the account of the Government of Meghalaya, which may take a few days.
Tens of thousands of farmers are involved at the Delhi border and it is reported that more than 60,000 farmers are now waiting to enter Delhi on the Haryana border alone.
With the victory of these two MDCs, the UDP now has five MDCs in the KHADC.
Under the rule of the Foreign Government, the Sutnga Hima was attacked and thousands of children were subjected to oppressive laws.
(NHIDCL) said that the state government has ordered to terminate the contract with ARSS, following the incident at Rngaiñ.
Then all the things written in the Word of God will be fulfilled.
“In my opinion, the Congress is a party that is focused only on controlling the people and filling its own pockets,” said Bah Hek.
Members of JHTOA said that almost all the factories in Jaintia Hills have alleged that the government has not yet issued an order regarding the prices for the transportation of dewbilat and they pay only 4 to Regarding the promise of the Commissioner of Transport, Bah Nidamon Chullet, he said that it has been handed over to the DC's office of East Jaintia Hills for the purpose of conducting the project. meeting with dewbilat factories and truck drivers groups on 18th July
An institution of shame and no integrity...There should be no such thing as the Taliban.
Imphal: Tragic incidents have happened in Manipur in the past few months; However, today, there has been another shocking incident and that is, the resignation letter of the Chief Minister of the state, has also been rejected.
The Deputy Commissioner's Office has issued an order ban ban teachers from sitting and sleeping on the footpath and has ordered them to move to the parking lot. of the Additional Secretariat, but all day long between the talks between the FASTOM leader and the magistrate who tried to convince them, nothing happened and in one voice the teachers shouted, “Em te em, ngi don't move.
In the 71kg category, another boxer, Nishant Dev, won by defeating Cuban boxer Jorge Cuellar 5-0 .
Deputy Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills Jason Mairom witnessed the football match as the chief guest in the presence of H Bareh, District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah, Waheh Shnongs and Secretaries as well as office bearers of sports associations. different region.
The CM said he has spoken to many principals in which many of them have expressed their desire to move forward with the NEP and the government has confirmed the support of the NEP. they need.
Martle said there are those who say that the Congress party has no bullets, the BJP has no bullets, the TMC has no bullets but the NPP has bullets. other party bullets means money".
However, it is also surprising that in 2018, a Police out post was declared, but the number of people was less than 5 persons.
Rahul Gandhi on Friday was convicted in a case of 'Jait Modi' and sentenced to two years in jail.
Earlier, two PDF MDCs, Grace Mary Kharpuri and James Sylliang, were suspended from the PDF for their comments on the implementation of the T.28 crore fund. amount.
All three of them received cash prizes along with check certificates and other participants who later received consolation prizes received certificates.
Nongkseh SC has qualified for the semi final after beating Tynring SC in the quarter final on Saturday at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium.
The three MLAs, Irfan Ansari, Rajesh Kachhap and Naman Bixal Kongari, who were in the vehicle, have been arrested by West Bengal Police for investigation. your money.
The new hall was inaugurated by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstar Well Chyne who was the chief guest in the presence of Mr. Members of the Governing Body, members of the Presbyterian Synod Church, staff of the hospital including doctors and nurses and others were invited to attend the ceremony. you are welcome.
He also urged the doctors and staff to do their job wholeheartedly and not to be enslaved by the Rules and Procedure, which the Minister said the staff should do. He urged the employees of the PHC not to count the time but to work when the work allows them to do.
He said that if the case demands, the party will support any group that appeals to the court or even to the Supreme Court.
He said that the demarcation of the boundary is based on the documents prepared by the government of Dr Mukul Sangma and if there are villages which are not included in the area of ​​Meghalaya, it is the responsibility. Mukul's government is not the current government.
These buildings were received from a pastor who died in 2018, Rev D. Leslie Jones who lived near Swansea in Wales who left behind a wealth and donation to the hospital.
Because of this, and many other discrimination faced by women, the quality of our women's sector is low in the state and the country as a whole,” the statement concluded.
In addition, there have been rumors that some departments have appointed people who have retired for a long time.
Shillong: All offices of the State Government, Revenue and Magistrate Courts will be closed on 28, 29 and 31 November 2020, Shillong.
Shillong, July 12: A team of senior officials of the Election Commission of India (ECI) on Friday visited Shillong to discuss the preparations of Meghalaya for the upcoming elections. The elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State will not be held this year.
The High Commissioner of Bangladesh to India, Tariq A Karim, today said that many Bangladeshi heroes who died during the freedom struggle have died and been buried in Meghalaya.
Reri Boje, Assistant Engineer of the Rural Works Department, who was employed at Bameng in East Kameng district, was abducted by three unidentified persons in a vehicle. SP (Crime) Jimmy Chiram said that the incident occurred at 11 pm at Gandhi Market in Itanagar.
According to the legends, the chiefs in Ri Khasi are descended from the Pahsyntiew of the Shyllong Hima, from the Li Dohkha of the Sutnga Hima, but from the Saia Nongum of the Madur Maskut Hima. Saia Nongum didn't know what to do with the apot she saw.
First it elected Bah DD Lapang who was the first President and former Chief Minister of the state, then it elected Bah EK Mawlong who was the former Chief Minister of the state, then it elected Bah Manas Choudhuri and now it has elected Bah EK Mawlong. George Lyngdoh.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma today urged the leaders and political parties in the state not to shake hands; However, he said that they should work together to restore peace and order in the state.
The lack of foresight since 1973 onwards has caused problems for the present leaders.
Khublei,Bah John F Kharshiing,Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya,Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
On this occasion, students of the Department took part in the exhibition on the history of Meghalaya since it gained its own state.
The swearing-in ceremony was also attended by the Chief Minister – N Biren Singh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Manipur – Thokchom Satyabrata Singh, members of the Manipur Legislative Assembly. Cabinet, Chief Secretary, Police Chiefs and other state government officials.
Shillong: On the first day of November 2021, a video has circulated on social media showing a terrible earthquake in Rngaiñ.
On the other hand, the school has taken steps to respect and care for the environment such as having tree planting programs and making the school a plastic free zone.
On the other hand, the Seng invites all the children in Jaintia Hills who have the talent to dance to take part in this opportunity.
Regarding the complaint of the students that the Principal of JNV does not come to school properly including the teachers, the Chief Minister said, “As the Chairman of JNV, I will investigate into this...the teachers should not leave. school without any reason and it is their duty to look after the welfare of the students”.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: SAMKHAMTI in collaboration with Kripa Foundation De-Addiction Center for Juveniles, Kripa Victoria Senior Citizen Home, Kripa Foundation IRCA (Male Adults), Bethany Hospital and Meghalaya AIDS Control Society will hold a Medical Camp regarding how to avoid alcohol and drug abuse, the registration of women over 65 years of age to live in nursing homes and also the provision of medicines and treatment to all in on 14th June 2022 at Samkhamti Parking Lot in Urkaliar.
Gen Manoj Pande arrived in Manipur on the 28th of this month, a day before the visit of Home Minister Amit Shah.
The District Sports Officer, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that it will hold the Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 for the Under 18, Under 16 and Under 14 Years ( Male and Female) for Ri Bhoi District.
On this occasion, Kong Silbiana Thubru, the first resident of Namdong B, was honoured. The celebration was enriched by songs and dances by the children of the village and a football match by the elders of the village. .
So she tried to find a school in Nongstoin and was admitted to NeIPS Secondary School in Upper New Nongstoin.
and D. All those who are sick should be sent for blood test if possible because they have the knowledge how to check for such illness through blood examination through Rapid Test, or at PHC, and also at PHC. to the hospital.
The NSCN (IM) has strongly accused the Indian government of trying to withdraw from the previous talks or to change the talks that have been going on for 22 years in order to avoid the right soskular. to agree with the Naga tribes.
I was called, come here pastor.
He said that some of the MDCs have vowed to leave the party if they leave the PDF. He said that for this reason the UDP is having difficulty in taking decisions and has to hold more and more meetings to reconcile them. conversation.
On the part of the Missionaries at that time, they also expressed that they too had been willing to do so, so when there was no complaint, from that time onwards, it was taken. and using that tune in which the Wiels were chanting.
It was also reported that the Pollution Control Board (PDB) has not yet issued a state pollution control board.
“Let's have a drink before we leave early.
The leaders come only once every three years and they have received only one MLA scheme now and one during the time of Bah DD Lapang.
He said that the Government should find out the reason why the people do not want to give this tika and if the reason is found the Government should do whatever it can to resolve these doubts of the people. You have explained to them about this medicine.
He urged the students and teachers not only to get education and higher degrees but also to become intelligent and intelligent people in their studies to research because this will help the country and the whole nation.
On the other hand, it is only the Khasi that does not have any snap pawdur in the traditional art because all the creatures from the shangs, kriah, marnar, mawbynna, household images or anything else. those parts of the original deity are those that do not have any form of worship.
The MLA said that last year 83% of the students passed the Free Tuition and he expects that this year the students will pass 100 percent.
At the same time, he stressed on the need for teachers to come forward with various opportunities to improve education among the students.
During the search of the vehicle, the CCP seized 20 gold biscuits wrapped in blue tape.
The party has expressed its deep concern over the influx of foreigners in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills and through the ILP, the illegal entry of mynder into the state will be prevented.
Where is the nation now, how many national parties, how many national parties have raised the flag and I believe that there are still more parties that will raise the flag in the future, why because our nation does not have unity ".
To ensure the safety of the people in coming and going and to avoid any more border issues, Bah Badhok Nongmalieh urged the Meghalaya and Assam governments to take action on this issue. Mukroh incident and also to resolve the border issues as soon as possible, because such incidents affect the peace and order of the people and the traffic as witnessed in these days. The people of Meghalaya and even Assam have been affected by the floods from Mukroh, he added.
Many of the beneficiaries in the state are Christians and it is not true that just because they are Christians, they will not benefit anymore.
This has created a problem for the passengers as the road is the source of transportation and income.
The Speaker said that the goal is to hold the Budget Session in 2022, which is also the 50th Anniversary of the State Legislative Assembly. work goes according to plan.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: As it used to be during the time of Maieid Hoping, even after the sudden death of Maieid Hoping, the people of Nongstoiñ did not expect any election money from the HSPDP. However, as they have done with Maieid Hoping this time, they have done with the candidate of the party who will replace Maieid Hoping.
The workshop will be attended by prominent speakers like Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Dharmendra, Chief Secretary, Government of Arunachal Pradesh, Dr Chintan Vaishnav, Mission Director of the Atal Innovation Mission at the NITI Aayog.
The Traffic Police Department requests all the public to cooperate in this arrangement.
Arab leaders have ordered Israel not to forcibly occupy Gaza and not to harass civilians.
The HYC has demanded that the district authorities and the police of the two districts should take action to curb this smuggling in order to curb the spread of COVID-19 and to prevent it from spreading to the Rilum. Jaintia.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills and South West Garo Hills districts.
“To resign up to seven MDCs is not a joke, the government should take responsibility,” he said.
Earlier, Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma said that 1985 teachers of Lower Primary Schools of the Government have been fully recruited.
The Super Division match will be played between Mynthong and Ladthadlaboh at 2.00 pm.
According to sources, not only that the robbers have committed this crime in Malki but there have been about three or four houses that have been affected by the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Friday directed former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to think first how to win the 2023 MLA elections before explaining. the future of other current MLAs.
Those who after 50 years will be able to enter Bollywood, all the singers have to face difficulties because without difficulties because without difficulties they will not be able to enter or achieve the goal that we want. I don't know why I don't want to be a singer or a playback singer. I don't think I'll go to Mumbai.
Both the MLAs told me that they wanted to remove Bah Earnest Mawrie from the post of President of the BJP.
They strongly condemned the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Pooja Pandey for authorizing the imposition of kyaid and it appears that she has violated the order of 144 Cr Pc.
On the other hand, the union requests the government authorities and police to take strong action from now on to immediately stop such activities which cause trouble and inconvenience to the area.
On the other hand, the MLA promised that the demands of the teachers will be taken to the Legislative Assembly where the opposition will raise these demands in the Legislative Assembly so that the government and the Minister of Education. their problem will be heard.
Nongpoh: Police of Nongpoh Police Station, today arrested a man identified as Aramos Pasam from Puthijuri, Amjok Karbi Anglong.
Three members of HANM were arrested on the 30th of last month for allegedly smuggling illegal bills into the Nongjri area. - Borsora without proper documents.
“Mother Nature is the mother of all creation.
Finally, the union would like to ask why the work order says that it should be completed within 6 months, but now it has not been completed for almost seven years and why the department has not been able to complete it within 6 months. KSU Wahkaliar Unit President Carmel Fedrick Malngiang said that the KSU Wahkaliar Unit has not done anything about the delay in the completion of the stadium.
He said that as a party, it has not only grown in words but has done great deeds which we don't want to reveal to the world but we have gone ahead.
Manish Sharma claimed 4/68 for Meghalaya today, while Anish Charak took 1/47.
“The Embassy of India has been able to release Indians for the first time in six buses on 23rd June, 2023 from Khartoum to the port in Sudan.
Wa toh hi ma og f.
Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampat Kumar, Director of HANM Ram Kumar, Dr. J Rangad CMO, Sister Noreen in charge of the Hospital also spoke on the occasion. Father Richard Majaw, Vicar General of Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie said that if you want to improve in football, you have to work hard and use your talents properly.
“This proposal was first brought forward in 2019.
Sangma was clarifying the statement of TMC leader and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that the government should not use NCERT textbooks and the decision is wrong. .
In a letter to the Governor, Saleng said that since Mukul Sangma took over as Prime Minister in 2010, he has been traveling abroad and staying in the country. state for only a few days and this has severely affected the working of the government and the development of the economy.
Here we can also say that these people have begun to forget God and want to exalt themselves and glorify themselves.
Earlier, four political parties from Jaintia Hills had called for a night curfew from the 25th indefinitely after the government did not respond to their request to file a report on the shooting death in Mookhep. last year when two lives were lost.
Mission Shaktika aims to have a comprehensive support system for women through the provision of care, safety, protection, rehabilitation and empowerment to women to lift them out of slavery while they are going through their lives.
I also urge all the Sengbhalang of Riwar to stop this smuggling trade which has started again during these times of Corona which can be a threat to us all, otherwise please allow to open the export trade.
If its state president contests, it will be more beautiful as it has appeared in the media in recent months and months.
Former HNLC leader Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was shot dead by police inside his residence on 13th July 2021 and after this incident, the government has appointed a police officer. investigation of the Judicial Inquiry.
When asked what the Hima will do to these four Rangbah Shnongs who have issued NOCs to the companies without consulting the Hima, Edward said that the Hima is still thinking carefully. He said that the Rangbah Shnongs have been given a certificate by the Hima that the Hima will have to deal with this issue, but he said that the Hima will listen to the voice of the people and whatever decision comes out of the Hima. The people shall not be punished nor shall anything be done to these four chiefs of the villages.
However, Bah Rani said that there are many complaints that taxis have stockers from the police department.
Pool-H includes Royal Pole Mihmyntdu, Pasyih Cultural and Sports Club, Nangbah Mooknor, Ooksi Youth Welfare and Khliehshnong Ïalong.
This will always bring fruit of joy and hope.
Rev. Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar was born on 26th June, 1962 in Ïongkaluh, East Jaintia Hills.
In addition, it was also decided that those who have received their salaries late for more than 15 days should be paid compensation and the compensation will be collected from those employees who have been involved in the delay. you are paid.
If the Chief Minister had acted on his own authority, using the DCs and the law enforcement agencies, Meghalaya would have gone ahead of Manipur.
Speaking as the chief guest, YR Mawlong, MCS, said that Parliament has already implemented the Act on Persons with Disabilities. known as the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016 in accordance with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
Many of the drivers and followers of these vehicles said that it is time for MUDA to revise the rules of operation of these types of vehicles (Buses and Small Vehicles) and in any how to improve skills whether in terms of streamlining of the business or how to improve the maintenance, repairs & spare parts, workshop and other areas to run more smoothly.
Shillong, Nailur 17: Two youths, suddenly while walking on the road, were surprised to see a figure that had fallen from a tree in Nishangram village. In North Garo Hills, a village near Dagalapara, the two youths, including Silme Sangma and Paristar Marak, stood closer to look closer at the picture which they saw in the distance. The surprising thing is that when they turned closer, they found that the figure looked like a human head.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Government of Meghalaya today signed a memorandum of understanding with the New India Insurance Company Ltd. to implement the second phase of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
Abhishek, on the other hand, wrote on Twitter that he has tested positive for the coronavirus.
Nilu works as a cook at St. Anthony's College Canteen while the killer is his assistant.
The award was presented in the name of Myllung Soso Tham, as a quotation from the snaps of his thought for the building of society.
Shillong: The Special Judge of the NIA, Shillong, has summoned Sainkupar Nongtraw, resident of Sohra, Shillong, under sections 120B/435/436 of the IPC RW. Section 10(B), ii (13) (i) of the UA (P) Act, 1967 and a warrant was issued to arrest Bah Nongtraw, for fleeing or refusing to surrender. He was ordered to appear before the court on the 4th of July
According to a police complaint, the robbers broke into the house between 12:30 pm and 1:00 pm.
“All the crops which are ready to be harvested and sold in the market, but on Sunday they attacked these farms to cut down all the jhur jhep and other crops until "I don't have a form," said Kharbithai.
At this meeting, Pretty Kharpyngrope was confirmed as the President of the Women's Wing and Wandashisha Rynjah as the General Secretary.
The two groups were between the employees of the District and Session Court Para Legal Volunteers (PLV) and the employees of the Jowai Bar Association and Legal Aid Counsels.
There are now many educated people from Muslim families and they work all over the world,” said Ajmal.
“The UDP has been defeated, but we continue to influence the people,” he said.
They both went to the Sela Wari River to feed the ksew.
Regarding the cases of violence against women, he said that since 2018 till now there have been 1267 cases registered and about 408 cases of violence against children. 1542 cases have been registered under the POCSO Act. since 2018.
When asked whether the BJP has come to talk to him, Bamon said, “Yes, they have not come to talk to other parties.
The destruction of these vehicles was very severe, which showed that these militants, had managed to enter the armory of the army and this showed that they were was armed by the Moscow army.
He said the committee was set up in June last year and was tasked to look into the complaints of the people regarding the low prices charged by non-government educational institutions in the state.
Expressing his surprise at the news that both the PDF MLAs have joined the NPP, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA of the PDF from Mawkynrew, said that these two MLAs have joined the National People's Party (NPP). things didn’t come out of them as owners.
At present, he said, there are more than 500 permits for jyrngam vehicles but if this happens, it will cause congestion in the city. stem wrong.
He said the election of an MP to speak in Parliament in the Lok Sabha was not done without thinking carefully.
He said that initially, they had agreed with the owners of the land, at least only in terms of employment, but now other demands have emerged.
Speaking to reporters, Angela Rangad, TUR Leader, after the meeting with the Minister, said that the vendors will continue their trade along the GS Road from tomorrow. day.
Pynshai said the bill will affect the poor families in Mylliem, Laitkroh and Umtyngar.
Shillong: A young girl who was tied by a mohkhiew has died while undergoing treatment at Woodland Hospital.
With this blind signature of these 11 persons, Sierlapalang has been forced to invade peacefully in the areas bordering Assam, and the suffering of the people living on the border has reached the point where they have been shot and counted. Miscreants, in his village, in his own house, in Mukroh.
To address this issue, it was also decided to set up a special committee headed by the CEM with the participation of EMs, HFU leaders, traders and Chief Executive Members.
There is also an opportunity for the children of those who work as cleaners to appear for the UPSC Civil Services Qualifying Examination 2023 and the Civil Services Mains Examination tuition.
The TJMCC Committee informs that there will be no programs organized by APSTA. ) Christmas Make Over 2022, (ii) to Holy Cross Hospital, (iii) to Synod School Vidhya Jyoti Inclusive School donated T.50,000/- each.
He said that with the support of the government, the authorities are also encouraged to encourage other sports federations and without doubt they hope to achieve goals like Manipur, Mizoram. or Assam in the production of talented players in the country every year.
All the hard workers for the sick from mothers and children, elderly, young, old, children, infants have donated their bodies and souls through the service of volunteers.
“If they send you a bill,” he replied in a loud voice.
In fact, the protest has been more intense with the Karbi because in the field of land, there are still many cases of conflict.
However, the filmmaker said that he has received a complaint from the public that there are robbers who earn money by selling black tickets at the price of T.300 tyngka. The actual price for those who wish to watch the film will be T.60 for the Balcony and T.40 for First Class.
Bah Warlarpih said it would be good if the government stopped the political struggle against teachers.
He encouraged them to vote, as it is their right and at the same time it will improve the rule of law in the country.
The TMC Parliamentary Leader in the Rajya Sabha also criticized the Central Government for development works in the North East, saying that out of 36 projects, the Central Government by allocate funds to only eight projects.
Many have not spoken once in five years.
The aspirations of the people will be fulfilled with this initiative and Minister Mattithaw and Deiriti welcomed the aspirations of the people especially the suggestions of the civil society organizations in the state.
In the past, farmers used to spend more time growing rice and jhur in Kper ha Phrah just to use their daily food. Ginger, Soybean, Shrimp, Phan, Shriew and other types of jhur which are sold well in the market.
This devil in the form of a serpent spoke and tempted the woman Eve because he was difficult to tempt the man (Adam).
“In other sports we are less numerous, but hopefully through this selection camp which was held today they will be able to continue with a coaching camp so that the selected children will get more gifts. “I don't know how to fight to reach the goal”, said Bah YG Lyngdoh.
Shillong: East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that it is up to the owners to decide how to transport the kharmetor from Lumsohra, Laitumkhrah, as she is not the owner of the land.
“The tender for Tura has been called while for Shillong and Nongpoh nothing has been done,” said Bah HM Shangpliang.
She also reminded of the evils and problems that arise from child marriage by advising the students to avoid the evils and to study hard and complete their studies in order to improve in life and reach the their goal and to strive to avoid premature marriage.
In Mawlai, the traffic jam started at 9 pm and continued until 9 pm.
Replying to a question, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, acknowledged that the presence of a hospital like AIIMS also encourages patients to go to the hospital.
The Lumparing Sports Club has started these tournaments since 18th November with the participation of many teams.
The suspect was arrested in a Maruti Car.
Shillong: U PC Marak has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 5th of this month, while he was on his way to Nongstoin, he poured 38 liters of diesel from the upper. Shillong Petrol Service Station, but in the middle of the road, the government vehicle he was riding in had a collision and when he reached Nongstoin, he sent for a check at M/S Seros Kherrit Auto Workshop. the failure of the vehicle may be caused by the fuel mixture in the diesel.
The school was started in 1973 and according to the school principals and the Rangbah Shnong, the school has grown rapidly thanks to the enthusiasm of the teachers who have dedicated themselves for a small salary.
“The Pastor said that we have our own faith, as human beings we should respect each other's faith and eliminate religious differences.
Unfortunately, even the religious preachers do not stir up the minds of their church members on this destruction of the environment.
In its letter of complaint, the KSU said that the failure to send the PRC as one of the required documents has already shown that such candidates should be rejected. Even if the birth certificates are incorrect, a thorough investigation should be conducted to find out how such documents were issued by the authorities.
Many of the residents said that the most surprising food at the festival was only one or two shops selling tham, ñianglong, shymprong and some kinds of khñiang.
At this programme, students who have excelled in the ability to read the Khasi language in their own schools were honoured.
The victim was identified as Dulbi Lama who is younger than his wife.
The union sees that in Shillong, there is no suitable place to hold public meetings or protests and most of them have to be held like in Motphran, Khyndailad and it affects the movement of the people. .
“There are about 445 students who are still on the waiting list,” he said.
I would like to congratulate the team (Meghalaya) for playing well in the Khelo India Youth Games 2023 and for bringing home the trophy.
This ten crore has generated income for car owners, hotels, food shops, craftsmen and others.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 13: Ka KHNAM today held a meeting at the Council Hall in Nongstoin to discuss the government's plan to provide shelter and set up bases for the ANVC-B in West and South West Khasi Hills. Speaking to u SP News Agency , KHNAM , Bah Adilbert Nongrum , Working President of KHNAM , Bah Adilbert Nongrum , said that The meeting was attended by about 150 people including civil society organizations from West and South West Khasi Hills from rural villages far from Nongstoin.
Damehi stole a Bolero Pick Up from Phramer belonging to BM Shadap at 3:30 am on the 20th of this month.
The state will participate in 14 events except kick volleyball at the 3rd North East Games in Nagaland.
“Other MDCs have come to talk to me about the issues they want to convey to me after they won the election but I don't know why no one from Nongkrem has come to meet me. other requirements," he added.
Li-drug-disaster-ioh-bracelets-da-ki-polish-and-u-snar-drug-dealers:Appearance.
This tournament will also help the players to take part in the Santosh Trophy.
Hek first met with National General Secretary BL Santhosh in New Delhi to discuss the situation of the BJP in Meghalaya and the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections in 2024.
Up to 18600 metric tonnes of rice was supplied and 8600 metric tonnes were sold at various depots in the North East.
They also expect that once the hospital is fully equipped and staffed, all the sick people in the area will receive immediate assistance in times of need.
In fact, the registration process starts in November and the list of candidates is released in November and we will announce the names of the candidates as soon as the date of the election is announced,” he said. Pala said there will be no change and the SEC and District Election Committees (DECs) will meet to send the names of the candidates.
The Union Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has deployed four battalions of the Central Armed Paramilitary Force (CAF) for the election of the Member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly for the Sohiong Assembly Constituency in East. Khasi Hills District.
After the news of these two incidents in the state, the people have expressed their anger against the actions of the state police, because in the incident that happened at Thangskai during the Public Hearing of Meghalaya Cements Limited or Dewbilat Topcem, has exposed the violent behavior of the Police who have bombed and tied the people who came out to protest against the actions of the District Administration and the MSPCB. The Public Hearing has been held at the MCL Compound. The Public Hearing has been held at the MCL Compound. that this public hearing has already been held, because it cannot be that the public hearing will be held in the right place to be judged or heard.
During the inspection of the building by the Speaker and other government officials in Mawdiangdiang, the reporters found a païa of the room on the right side of the House or Left. Wing, whose method of cleaning the dewbilat has a tortious effect.
Lalrinnungi used to sell jhur every Saturday with her parents.
He said that these members of the NFNS, who were under the banner of the NFNS, had informed that they wanted to hold the meeting at any place in Khasi Jaintia Hills, but it was not. fourth in Shillong.
The AR, which has been in India since 1835, the ARC in 1941 in India and Shillong, also respects the people of the country, besides having been established since the British times.
A team of police officers from seven neighboring villages attended a peace committee meeting at Merenggapara.
Kurmi said the Nagas opened fire and he and the policemen who accompanied him had to flee for their lives.
A total of 41 Meitei people from Mizoram have left for Cachar district in Assam by vehicle after the former rebel group ordered them to leave the state. Video of two women being raped in Manipur, they said.
He has done the least, God has sent me to you and to anyone who feels worthy to preach His Word.
Not only that, the striker scored his second goal in the 61st minute when the ball went in beautifully after he shot the ball out of the box. to enter the jar.
“Therefore, the Council has convened this meeting to hear the views of the Chief Executive Members on the decision of the Council not to give any approval for the construction of the railway line,” said the CEM. “At this meeting, the Chief Executive Member, the Basan of Raid Nongkseh, the Basan of Raid Ummawlong, the Syiem of Marwet, the Syiem of Nongpoh and the Rangbah Shnongs expressed that the approval should not be given. When asked about the refusal to give approval for the construction of the railway line, Chyne said, “We are here to protect the people. and we have to listen to the feelings of our citizens because many churches don't want it because the railway itself will have a great threat to the citizens”.
The BJP has urged both the MLAs to respect the party leadership to ensure a stable government.
“We will consider the report and take it to the MDA meeting,” he said.
Pekhi and the APCA have sent a letter of apology to the CEO and the General Public of Arunachal Pradesh.
You should be very careful when those who are not yet qualified writers/journalists publish various news.
The link to participate in the meeting online will be shared with those who wish.
This scholar says that the translation must be the same in order to be close to the original meaning of the Greek Bible.
The 1.43-minute video, which was viewed by about 30,000 people, was first posted by a journalist and later spread on the internet.
One person was beheaded and three others were shot dead in Manipur on Sunday as the clashes have been going on for 60 days despite the presence of 36,000 central security forces inside. the State.
He said that during the investigation, police found that they were from a village in Assam.
The project has been approved after examination and review by scientists in accordance with the guidelines of Plan Vivo, UK, and through the project will be able to be sold through the carbon market as a means of supporting the objectives The project aims to support the people in these areas to survive and earn a living without the need to damage the forests and especially to protect the water source of Shillong.
He said that Shkenpyrsit IVCS is one of the IVCSs which has grown well in the field of agriculture with its savings reaching more than 7 lakh tyngka.
However, after the formation of a committee on 18th June 2016 to find ways and means to produce Jaintia script, the committee has taken action under the leadership of Prof PM Passah as chairman of the committee and other members. Linguists have begun to develop characters.
INTRODUCTION WHY DO WE LOOK FOR HUMAN RIGHTS? When we look at the Constitution of India, not all people outside India praise it, because we have all the rights of every human being. ; but we know not what shall befall us.
“On the part of the Commission, we will not rest, we will not back down and we will not allow any sting to see that such an incident will happen again in our beloved state,” she added.
In another development, it was reported that commercial vehicles will start operating from the 24th of this month, according to the rules and regulations laid down by the District authorities.
The make-up artist was taken by Daiophi Gashnga and the drone was taken by Amos Suting, not of Smoke; Celestial Entertainment.
Bhalang's mother was told about his good results.
On the other hand, the speakers on the occasion gave a detailed explanation to the farmers that this new method of cultivation of snepkor will improve the quality of snepkor from planting to production of soh and this will bring about a change in the method of cultivation and planting of snepkor. The Coconut Development Board and the Rural Development Department believe that this program will be a blessing to the farmers in all aspects.
Laitkor, who were runners-up last season, have been included alongside Umpling, PFR Football Academy, Mawkriah West, Kick Start Academy and Group-A. Future.
Shillong Lajong FC FC struggled to score but Mawkhar FC struggled to score but by the end of the match Shillong Lajong FC won the match. other than being demoted.
The Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has said that she has not yet been convicted regarding the allegation against the recruitment of teachers in the state, and no political party should take advantage. and appear to the world as convicted.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Another shortcoming is the UGO billing system through software which has been awarded to a company without calling for any tender. Shillong, Nailur 23: Disparsing Rani said that the lack of a Service Book for the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) of the state government has created a lot of confusion like the Luri Lura Market especially in the recruitment of this department. .
I don't know much about the Cherry Blossom Festival which ends on the Lord's Day. and bring peace on this day or on this festival.
Regarding the appearance of the Senglongkmie, Bah Adilbert said it was only a ploy to intimidate the Sengbhalang who demanded their rights.
The suspects were identified as Ronand Kyndiah of Lower Mawprem, Shillong, Daniel Syiem of Lower Mawprem, Shillong and Thokchom Naba Singh of Kangmong, Imphal West.
The departure of the leaders does not mean that all the people have left the Congress, but it is clear that the people still trust the Congress and I am confident that the Congress will continue to move forward in this upcoming election. added.
In the past, the CID has arrested about 8 persons involved in the attack in Ichamati.
The delegation also visited the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to understand better the working methods of the office. Bah Lamphrang Blah and Executive Member, Bah Fantin J. Lakadong in the presence of officers of KHADC. She also received an explanation on the working methods of the KHADC to protect and preserve the traditional customs.
“More than 5 years have passed, it is a shame in front of the State as a whole that this issue alone, the Government cannot resolve because it is she, the mother who will look after the safety and security. of all sides.
Even their strongest warrior, Thong Nokbe Teron, was killed by the Pnars.
In a statement, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, IPS, said that the arrested were identified as Esther Lalramdinmaw of Demthring, Shillong, Lalthanpui Hmar of Happy Valley, Block- F, and Rudy Wahlang of Jaiaw Langsning.
Working President of HANM Jaintia Zone; He said that all the residents should refrain from spreading garbage without finding it as it affects the environment and human health.
They were involved in the rape of a 5 year old girl.
Therefore, the Government of Meghalaya together with the Airport Authority of India have tried hard to find such a site, which would be suitable for the construction of the Shillong Greenfield Airport.
As a state, we will continue to celebrate the spirit of self-employment”.
Besides, he said that the people from now on should surprise people so that the UDP can rule itself and not just snoh on the footboard and as someone says that if you are surprised you have reached the footpath.
In another match, Lapalang SC beat Mawpat SC 1-0 in the 35th minute.
Referring to the creation of districts in 2013, he said Dr Mukul Sangma has created districts and sub-divisions in the state but the sad thing is that these are just a body without There is nothing but the presence of DC, SDO alone without job.
In the midst of its 25 years of journey, Bah Titos wished the FKJGP and its leaders to continue to progress in their work and to work hard for the country and the nation.
“More troops have been deployed to the scene and police will take the necessary steps to investigate the incident.
The theme of this year's synod is “Stand firm in oneness (Eph:4:13)” while the church theme is “Knowing, seeing and hearing the cry of the creation of God (Rom. 8:22).
Shillong, July 21: U Bah Pynshai M Syiem, former MLA of Mylliem, who was defeated in the last MLA election from Mawphlang constituency, has decided to contest again in the MDC election Mawphlang- Known constituency.
The two (Kharbithai and Goswami) were trapped in the boat until three mothers came to rescue them.
They see and look only at the sins of the little ones while they hide their own sins.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: Meghalaya is ready to implement the National Food Security Act (NFSA) from this month.
“Adding on the demand for the resignation of Rohit Prasad, NEHUTA President Prof. Lakhon Kma said that the Joint Action Committee (JAC) will give time until 12 pm on the 26th. March, 2023 to remove Rohit Prasad immediately but otherwise the Joint Action Committee will hold a protest in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor.
Nujorki Sungoh in his speech urged the residents to be people who know how to appreciate the blessings of the environment and the planting of trees, the protection of the waters and rivers is the responsibility of the villagers. you are a villager.
It is learned that Misra parked his vehicle near a house and it is learned that the vehicle hit the people who were celebrating Diwali at the place and after that, there was a fight with him. In his anger, the Egyptian struck the woman.
Over the past decade, the main task of the ALCs has been to start experimenting with the techniques available to combat the various pests that affect their crops and at the same time to find solutions. how to re-fertilize the parched soil.
Speaking to reporters, BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said the party urges the Governor to fight with the central government to exempt students from Meghalaya from Aadhaar.
Take this opportunity if there is a beautiful place in your village or area.
“Through the Conciliation Body, if there are issues that have been reconciled, the disputes can be resolved,” said the EM. Shillong: After the protest by the Indian Army recruits, which was held in recent days, On the 24th July 2022, they held a public march in Shillong.
It doesn't matter if the Lord is able to take him away, go to the house that has been prepared for you, and bless yourself and your household. , wife, children, relatives and don’t forget us too your dearest friends.
He therefore urged the residents of Mawkyrwat area to cooperate with the government for the development of the district from time to time.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84378 out of which 82571 have recovered and 1468 have died.
The meeting will be held on the 15th at 12 noon at the office of the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
This year, the BSF has seized more than 2,500 cows intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Now Deisy starts making tea.
The BJP Leader urged the people of Meghalaya to support the candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections so that Meghalaya as a state can get many benefits by sending their votes. 2 MPs this time.
He said that even MLAs can lose tickets, this can be said because of ignorance but what is clear is that it is not me or him. decision, there are judges to judge if the vote does not reach 50% and all the people know that he will lose that means he will lose the ticket that is anyone.
The SP said that those who provide information can send their information to the Special Cell by Call/Text/WhatsApp on 9366790273 or by email: specialcelLekh.
At least 87 people have been killed in Israeli shelling in parts of the Gaza Strip city of Shijaiya, including two children, officials said. the leader of Hamas.
The next match for Lajong will be on 14th June against United Sports Club at the 1st ground of the SSA Stadium at the Polo Ground at 2 pm.
At 10 pm, Rev.L.Nongrud gave the Word of God based on the Gospel of Matthew Chapter 3 Verse 17, which Pastor Nongrud spoke about “the perfect Certificate exceed".
This beauty is depicted by the Creator as a land flowing with milk and honey that is different from the countries of the world.
“It's time to explain...” The mother said, “But even though the mother said so, Rida didn't get anything.
An earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale struck Meghalaya on Tuesday at 7.51 AM. The epicenter of the earthquake was from Sonitpur, Assam.
We also demand that those involved should be brought to justice so that they do not get bail, and we also demand that those involved should be arrested immediately and brought to justice so that be an example for other criminals and so that such incidents can be prevented in the future," he added.
The incident happened on the 9th of this month when Bah Riew Siangshai was seriously injured when he fell into the coal mine while mining coal.
Noting that religion is a free choice of the individual, Sangma said, “This great country has been able to create the idea that this is a country where we respect our freedom of expression, we respect the right to freedom and not only that we respect, we promote and protect the rights of citizens and this is the most important part of the Constitution of India.
Ravi Puskur, Director of the club, expressed his pleasure to sign Ayush.
Some have paid money for goods stolen from others.
The KSU JHDU has strongly condemned the fire department for not setting up a fire service station in the area. Raliang Police Outpost or any other place in the area to assist the people when they encounter such incidents.
If you have a business in Bangladesh, you should end up in Bangladesh.
Therefore, a clash broke out between the police and these members of Congress and after a while the police of the area sent more police teams to block the march of these members. The Congress party came to the gate and it was at this time that a heavy clash broke out between the two groups.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, urged as full members of the Jaidbynriew to take the responsibility to develop and improve the society, the community and especially to protect the the country and the Nation.
There are currently 42 cases in the state, according to the government.
Regarding the flooding, it was said that the main reason is that the water cannot flow from the canal.
The award will be awarded to all students who have passed the 1st Division in the SSLC, HSSLC, ICSE, CBSE examinations and including those who have passed degrees in various streams in
He said that at the meeting, the Officers and Engineers gave their suggestions on what is the best thing that the state government should do for the beauty and comfort of the people and the state as a whole.
The party, which was formed after the state has faced many violence involving the Hynniewtrep people and other citizens of Meghalaya, has the aim of uniting the citizens of the state so that there will be no violence. misunderstandings between them and things will go on smoothly as in the past.
“There is no justification to hold a strike when the appointment period ends on July 29,” Goyal said.
PATNA: The Bihar government today said that 71 bodies have been recovered from the Ganga River in Buxar district.
You can also use it gently on the dark areas of the face to get a brighter and brighter face.
Besides, the sister said that Khielang was alone and after the injury he ran to his sister's house to tell her what had happened to him.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah Ambrose Ch.
This is the highest number of goals this season and the first time for Ryntih to keep a clean sheet.
Any wrong decision by the government on this will lead to a bad feeling in the future as every landless resident of the state will start seizing government land.
One example, he said, is Ri-Bhoi, where T.10 crore grant has been spent on the border program but it has been delayed due to lack of funds from the central government.
We should not take it merely as a job or as a way to make money.
He was selected for one of the Punjab football teams known as Punjab United.
This area is the most remote and backward in the India-Bangladesh border area due to the poor road conditions from Lama to Borkhat and other villages.
In the final, the U-20 world champion Antim beat Singapore's Hsiao Lim 10-0, while China's Li Deng 6-0 and Uzbekistan's Aktenge Keunimjaeva won by 'By Fall' to reach the final and secure her first medal of the tournament.
What else can AJYWO prove? MH Dkhar President AJYWO will take the law into his own hands to investigate this and find out the truth? Or is he in charge of the police and the court? At the same time, doesn't AJYWO trust even the journalists?
Therefore, the union urges the people and the shopkeepers to cooperate with the government and obey the government's directives, so that the government's plan to curb the spread of COVID-1 19, will be successful.
According to police sources, on the 21st of this month at 11.30 pm, three persons including Niren Ronghang (32), Alvin Lyngdoh (24) and Nijus Marak raped a woman. a woman in that town.
During the inspection, the FKJGP found that even after 24 months, the work is still pending and the work on the bridge has started at about 5%.
Of the injured, 10 have sustained serious injuries and 5 are still undergoing treatment in hospital.
Meanwhile, two other petrol bombs were stolen from the house near Avishek's house, the house of Chandra Bala Chetri, 55, one of which exploded and the other did not explode.
On the absence of government employees, he said it is up to the government to take a decision against them.
Speaking to media after the meeting, VPP General Secretary Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon said that the behavior of the police against the people especially the women who oppose the Public Hearing is unfair and unfair. can be accepted.
Shillong: Leaders of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) led by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday met with Home Minister Amit Shah. or at 12.30 pm).
In the first semi-final, Manipur beat Sikkim by four wickets in 35 overs, but Nagaland were tied for only 20.4 overs. Meghalaya has been suspended due to bad weather.
Earlier, Ajima had bowled well and took five wickets.
stay blessed always Mrs Amber.
The Grand i10 (ML 10 B 6966) collided with a Bolero Pick-up (ML 10 C 0948) driven by Tanborlang Kharsiang of Mawiong East. Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shella Unit today arrested about 20 foreigners at Disong village in Shella district.
“Everyone is united within the APHLC. Tomorrow if the Jaintia start demanding their own share of employment, there may be another conflict between the Khasi and the Jaintia.
She demanded that the government should use the same criteria in the recruitment of nurses as others to recruit 360 General Nursing and Midwifery (GNMs) in district hospitals and health care centres. different in the state.
The party has shown its actions so that the Government of India can understand how to do it.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (ILOO) today demanded that the government should appoint a Third Party Audit to oversee the implementation of the Rs 2.5 crore annual allocation allocated for the purpose of land acquisition. Every MLA through the SRWP scheme or MLA scheme in the state due to dissatisfaction with the implementation of this allocation.
Police conducted a raid after receiving a tip that the robbers had planned to extort T.2 lakh from a man named Bonku Saha.
The BJP urges the government to take action on the condition of the roads in the state to improve them to avoid such incidents from happening in the future. The district authorities especially the traffic police should be vigilant against drivers who drive under the influence of alcohol in a manner that affects the lives or injuries to other people.
It may come here now or it may come later,” said Bah Malcom, expressing his gratitude to the Shillong East NPP for welcoming him.
It also stands as a symbol of “Happiness and Peace”.
Speaking to media, the party leader, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the party members came to protest against the Assam bill, because the bill This is the state of Meghalaya.
Therefore, the Doloi and the elders of the Elaka invite all the children of the Elaka to attend the ceremony of honoring the new Doloi as the full Doloi of the Elaka.
“However, this vacuum brought by the state government by passing laws that are illegal instead of laws that build the country and the nation is unacceptable,” she said. .
Shillong: Langsning FC beat Bengaluru FC Reserve 3-0 in the Group C match of the Second Division League in Bangalore today.
The government has not yet decided whether to revive the lottery or not.
During the search conducted by the MCP, it was found that the truck was carrying a bag of sugar which was well hidden and intended to be transported in the form of NBCC. a search that also led to the discovery and seizure of a well-hidden bag of sugar.
“The Thailand Open is a big tournament that attracts many karate players from all over the world.
Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes was the chief guest at the launch of the campaign in the presence of Kong J Synnah, SP WJH Bikram D Marak and leaders of political parties including SURE, Manbha Foundation and KJP Eastern Synod.
Nymphang Sumer scored the goals in the 14th & 45+2 minutes and Dashngain Sukhaling in the 85th minute.
Shillong: Aizawl FC and NEROCA failed to score in the I-League match played at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Manipur today. .
According to police sources, Kumar was with his driver Sanjay Mahanta, and at that time a line of robbers suspected to be militants stopped their I 20 vehicle nearby. the bridge at Garobadha, and they shot them.
Sister Delina Lyngdoh of the Missionary Sisters of Mary Help of Christians and R. Thabah, Secretary AITUC, Shillong were also honoured.
In the second match of the day, Sohryngkham SC beat Mawlai SC by 14-0 goals.
The Hima Mylliem together with the KHADC should take care of this issue as it will endanger even the tourists especially if it happens to women and children.
giving weightage to the proverb “making hay while the sun shines".
The Seng Khasi therefore, through this statement, strongly condemns such scientific acts and urges the perpetrator to immediately remove all the images belonging to the Seng Khasi, which have been used. in this video and strongly warned that such misuse should not happen again in the future.
Montfort HSS, Rongrong Union UPS and Bakenang SS will represent North Garo Hills in the State Level Subroto Cup to be held soon in the city.
The group has traveled across India to pray for peace for all Indians. They have just arrived from Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and now Meghalaya and will also travel across India.
The arrest of members of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN) has been widely reported in the newspapers and social media.
When asked on the basis of electing MLAs in the 2023 elections, they replied that on the basis of anyone who is qualified as a leader, who is free from discrimination and who can bring about peace. The development of our village and the entire Umroi constituency should elect such a person.
It was also decided to meet with the District Council authorities.
Chi-ïong-mut Football Club and Thangbyrniang Football Club started the match on the opening day. to pass the ball and which was also beautiful for the spectators.
The MLA said that he would prefer the jobs for the children who live in the neighboring villages of the hospital. The Director expressed the same feeling.
“However, the Meghalaya government is considering announcing that the price of petrol and diesel in Meghalaya, even after the reduction in Excise Duty, will remain at more than T.100/- and T. .90/- per litre.
