“Your request came from Psiar.
Shillong, March 20: Suman Lyngdoh, 24, has won the Miss Shillong 2013 title.
Police have urged the family members or anyone who knows the body to call Jowai PCR. : 9774065467/ 03652-220050This man has a dark complexion and a beard, is about 5.2 feet tall and is wearing a blue T shirt and a blue pants.
It is therefore alleged that Mukul Sangma's certificate in 1982 was a concealment of the facts.
Leaders of KSU Narpuh Circle led by President Bah Kwilnis S Suchiang, today submitted a petition to the Minister to suspend the approval of companies to set up factories in the area. that they have suffered from environmental degradation and non-compliance with the promise of employment to the villagers.
Cheerful Surong of Wahiajer Narpuh has sent a complaint to the Minister of Commerce and Industry Department, Meghalaya Government to protest against the issuance of NOC to Bond Cement Company Ltd. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya government through the AH & Veterinary Department Shillong has clarified that the Corona virus has nothing to do with the consumption of beef.
The meeting was held by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today at Shillong Club.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, who congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for taking the initiative to hold this World Tobacco Day. Day is for the benefit of the public to understand that tobacco is a harmful beverage that affects the health of the public.
“The committee will set the rules and we hope that after the rules have been set, we will be allowed to mine coal again, and we will follow the rules,” said Swer.
Nongstoiñ, November 7: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has announced that the 13th November 2022 will be a public holiday.
Purno, the Congress MLA, won the constituency.
“If you go to other countries you have to have a visa and the visa should not be judged by people, we have to put our passport and visa in the authorities and they will examine u. scan the QR Codes and then you can verify whether they are valid or invalid"
She alleged that the contractor, S Sukhalin, did not receive permission from the land owners, but he refused to build the road.
And when there is another custom of the Khasi Pnar, they don't even dare to try.
The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has already built about 30 shops.
The Egyptian military said its navy had opened fire on the militants just 2 kilometers east of the Sinai Peninsula, the border area between Israel and Myanmar. in the Gaza Strip.
“We would also like to inform that the new school was inaugurated on 17.01.2023 by the Chief Minister but it is unfortunate that this school does not have adequate electricity and other necessities. “The HYC has urged the government to take immediate action on this issue.
Phermeki has accepted the Foundation's proposal, but the agreement for this is scheduled to be signed after the President returns from the treatment of his family in Bangalore.
The Central Government has approved for the implementation in this regard since the last few years but the Civic Body (GHMC) should not touch the trees within the first fence of The park falls within the Eco-Sensitive Zone (ESZ).
He said that this traffic jam has put women and children at risk these days especially when many crimes have happened which have caused tragic incidents.
Shillong, July 02: Police of Lum Dieng Jri Police Station have registered a case on receipt of a complaint regarding a fire in the ground floor of a house at JB Cantonment, Jhalupara. Section 435/436/506 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) in which four scooties parked on the ground caught fire.
“Many people say that this constituency is full but if you really go to the families you will find that many families need full support to stand on their own feet.
The incident is still under investigation and the bus number of the people has not been received and the investigation is ongoing,” he said.
The party said that the Congress party will win only 7 MDCs and cannot win more than that. The party said that these 7 MDCs are people loved by the people. They themselves don't love the Congress party.
Shillong, Nailur: U Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie on Saturday visited the Women's Wing of Umrynjah Village, 10 Self Help Groups (SHGs) and Umrynjah Village. distributed in the courtyard of the newly renovated courthouse.
“If the government allows the sacraments of baptism to be performed for children, it will be informed in the churches and only those who have been baptized and their parents will be invited. I'm sorry,” said Pastor Phawa.
“Earlier, a robber named Arbaz was killed during a shooting incident in Jawahar Park area under the jurisdiction of Dhumanganj police station.
Shillong Lajong FC beat Sreenidi Deccan Football Club 2-2 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) Stadium, Shillong.
Even Gandhi Bapli, who looked at the people through the money, was shocked to see that the vote was applied for with money.
The group of Khanapara, has violated many rules, which the state government and the police, understand better and not only that, now these groups, have infected dozens of people. others, including children, and has affected the doctors, nurses and especially the people of the State as a whole; However, even if the government has not been able to find the perpetrators, until tomorrow, until it arrests and trials (and until then) the people of the state will forget and will just end to end, without any judgment.
The Punjab government's inspection came after the Sikhs requested financial assistance from the Punjab government regarding the incident in Shillong which they admitted caused heavy damage.
“There are those who are trying to cover up this issue,” said Bah Pynshai.
The price at Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.80.00 per litre, while the price at Shangpung outlet will be Rs.85.20 per litre.
“Those MLAs who accuse your Chief Minister, they are the ones who used to eat together and they are the ones who elected him to be the CM. “They should fight against him and not accuse him in any way,” said Vincent.
“The State Government should set up an inquiry, it would be better if the Central Agency should conduct an inquiry so that all those involved in the project and those involved in the collapse should be punished,” said Bah. N Syiem, Working President of the MPCC, while talking to media.
Earlier, the Minister said that there are 53 villages which have benefited from the Saubhagya scheme in Mawkynrew Block till June this year.
He said that the tournament has a vision for the future of 12 lakh children aged 12-30 years, and these are the children who will lead the state. Ours is tomorrow, 10-15 years from now.
The people have the right to ask what laws you have passed and tried to bring in the Assembly in the 10 years of your leadership, or whether the PDF MDCs have passed laws in the district council,” said the statement. message.
Through this victory, Umphyrnai SC has earned four points from three matches by winning once, drawing once and losing once while Smit has not won once from three matches.
The KSU San Shnong Area Unit, has investigated and found out that as soon as they arrived at the village, the villagers came and sent them to stay in the forest because the village does not allow those who come. from Shillong to stay in the village.
The code number of this village is 276824 and it falls under the Block Nongstoin which has the code number 2487.246 households live from agriculture and 10 households live from agriculture. im by trading and raising livestock.
It is learned that there were P-1000-Vulkan missiles on board the ship, which exploded in the explosion. and they died.
The cell at Sardar will have two women trained to provide education support to women and was opened with the support of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai and the National Commission for Women. The Commission for Women, the Police Department, the Social Welfare Department and the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority should work together to assist women in need.
When asked what the police have done with the seized drugs, the DGP said that the seized drugs should be destroyed or burnt within 30 days. submit all the reports and complete the chargesheet and after that once the court has given permission, but sometimes it is difficult to get the report and prepare the chargesheet.
“We have been forced to hold protests because of the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma's refusal to implement the ILP in the state as approved by the High Level Committee,” said Daniel Khyriem. , President KSU , who spoke on behalf of the 14 political parties demanding the implementation of the ILP , strongly condemned the statements of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma weapons are not available.
Before the funeral, members of the journalists as well as his family members and loved ones paid tribute to him.
“We have taken this step because we believe that a female officer who is a native of Meghalaya and who was born and raised in Meghalaya should lead the State Police Department. because it will be much more understanding of the internal situation in the state and which is also very important for the discharge of duty as police officers.
Last year, we witnessed a statement by a man from West Jaintia Hills against the DC of East Khasi Hills on the Covid-19 rules which led to this man to throw himself into jail.
Shillong: The Supreme Court on Tuesday decided to suspend the order of the Meghalaya High Court regarding the The social agreement between the two states has been suspended.
Regarding the government's vision, he said that the government through the sports department will continue to support the youth who have shown their talent in this field and will continue to support them from time to time. sha you for.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam Sangma on Monday said that there has been no information that there are up to nine schools which have not received the midday meal. meal which is a midday meal scheme for school children.
The Jaintia Students Movement (ERM) has received complaints from many people regarding the excessive deterioration of the NH6 from Sohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills to Malidor.
The election campaign in this constituency has been very intense especially after the filing of nomination papers by the UDP candidate Bah Synshar Lyngdoh on 18th June.
On the other hand, the Rupang reporter, asked the voice of the people in the market for the election of the leaders.
“The KSU would like to remind the brothers and sisters of the incidents from time to time where the authorities have attacked the Khasi without any reason,” he said.
ATM card lost at UBI/Punjab Bank, Jowai.
There were 4 members in favor of the KHADC Bill and 3 members against the Bill.
He said that he has often said that the government's failure has led to the suspension of all jobs and the people will face problems.
“The distance from Jowai to Wapung is only 21.8 kilometers and it doesn't match the price of T.18 per kilometer. The KSU Wapung Unit requests the AJTCVA not to take advantage of the passengers when they ride and follow the rules. The government has issued a notice to the poor.
Eventually, their relationship with Christ and His Church here on earth, as branches of the vine, will lead to union with God – to share in the divine life of the Holy Trinity in Heaven.
In particular, when we turn to our youngsters, it is very important that they should have love and responsibility when doing any job, whether small or large, whether it is a government job. whether it be the work of our own hands, or the work of our own hands, that we may be able to hold in ourselves all manner of work.
At present, this water is in great danger especially to wildlife and humans who use it for washing and cleaning due to the change in the water level.
Ao said the party is investigating the thefts of the Conrad Sangma government and if it finds that there are facts, it will hand over to the CBI for investigation. , on these various allegations of corruption, by this NPP government.
Thus it was understood that the word Lyngdoh or Sohblei which is salonsar can be written generally for all churches and religions including Hindu, Muslim Buddhist and others.
He said that the Government will not leave Mawlai in development works and praised the Mawlai MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw who has worked hard for the constituency despite being accused of being an MLA by force.
Introducing the vote on account, Bah Ardent said that the vote on account will be for the nine departments of the Council.
We don't want a Prime Minister who will be racist because he is the Chief Minister of the State,” he said.
Singh HSS won the bronze medal.
Many of us have been injured, where the police have bombed even women and children, we cannot accept this,” said a husband of a woman who was seriously injured in the hand. The injured woman was taken to Woodland Hospital, Jowai for treatment and was ordered to take her to Supper Care. Hospital, Shillong “I don't have the money to take him to Super Care, I've been covered with medicines,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah RG Momin said that the Seng Samla Shnong has organized this concert as an opportunity for the children and youth of the area who are talented in singing and dancing. I hope that they will take an example from these invitees.
The Rangbah Kur Sun, Bah EL Sun, said that the delay in completing the post mortem of Phiban-kyntiew Sun is due to the fact that the family members of Wanboklang Kurbah will not conduct the post mortem but after talking to them. Police said that a post mortem will be conducted on both of them.
Other members of the committee are Ampareen Lyngdoh, UDP MLA, PN Syiem, Congress MLA, HSPDP MLA, PW Ingty, Principal Secretary. Art and Culture, Dr. Sylvanus Lamare of Sahitya Academy, Dr. S. Dkhar of Khasi Department, NEHU, Executive Chairman of MBOSE BahEP Kharbhih, former member of Sahitya Academy S. Quotient Sumer, Secretary Law Minister LM Sangma and former MP Babu BR Kharlukhi.
At the UN summit, Bolsonaro did not wear a mask at all when he spoke from the top of the stage. by another, who reporters said was wrapped like a condom.
The BJP, on the other hand, can fight 50 percent and retreat 50 percent.
The practice of throwing garbage into the waters, rivers, roads, paths and even into the forests is a bad practice because it destroys and gradually destroys the environment.
Jlang slept soundly until her mother came to wake her up because it was too late.
The accident happened when the child was trying to cross the road, but at that time the vehicle collided with another vehicle. , which struck him and caused him to be seriously injured.
He also reminded that even the ASHA workers have to take to the streets to protest because the government has not paid their salaries.
Mawkyrwat, July 16: The Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ, after receiving the allocation of funds from the government through the education department as part of the improvement of government schools on Saturday, On the 14th July, 2023, he inaugurated the two school buildings which have been completed.
A strong earthquake struck twice in parts of Meghalaya on 4th June.
On the 6th, she became seriously ill and died on the 7th at 2.05 pm.
The school was established in 1982 and was built through the JRY. There are only 2 teachers in the Deficit School from Class A to Class V.
KSUJDU President Ohibait Dkhar said the decision to shut down was taken after the company did not listen even after many talks in Shillong and Guwahati.
PPM10 is better than Indian and Euro standards.
The new dress was blessed by Pope Francis during the Mass on the feast of Saints Peter and Paul at the Vatican.
or fellow believers who have suffered because of bad incidents such as injury, illness, fire, even community works that have suffered.
All the bowlers of Tura took wickets in this match.
He said the Cabinet has decided to demand that the central government's investigation team whether it is the CBI or NIA should conduct an inquiry to find out all the facts.
Because one lightning strike will burn down a shillynglun of a house, and one covid 19 patient will destroy the whole nation.
Furthermore, another major cause of traffic jam is the government's negligence to repair or improve the Ladrymbai Bye-pass which was built specifically to prevent traffic jams. Ladrymbai area is closed due to traffic jam.
Bah Khrawbok Sohkhlet, Secretary of Pynursla Dorbar Shnong, said that the village authorities have closed down the houses that have been in contact with a person who has been infected with covid 19 yesterday. After the Dorbar Shnong, has implemented the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The beast, the beast, and the number tell and expose the corrupt behavior of the emperors of the ancient Roman Empire who were famous for their violence, murder, bloodshed and murder. the inhabitants of the city are excessive.
“I would like to ask the Prime Minister, 'Is he a court?'
At 11 pm, the Circle Magistrate of Batistha Circle, Assam, together with a large number of policemen, went to seize these electrical wires. Assam police have condemned the attack.
After the deployment of troops to patrol around the area, the situation in Churachandpur, KPI Moreh and Kakching has improved.
Leaders of HYC Umïam Circle led by General Secretary, Bah Dondor Thabah, Environment Secretary, Bah Paraban Kharwanjah and other members left to order the closure of these two banks of SBI. They learned that the management of these banks will hold a public holiday in Meghalaya to honor the father of the Khasi alphabet. The seeds of knowledge have been planted in Meghalaya.
However, the search for Captain Harry Inglis continued and Rev. Thomas Jones, who had been hiding in the forest, could not leave Khasi Hills immediately and leave behind his poor wife, son. Ann Jane Jones, seven years old, from her deceased first husband, her mother-in-law, who is a woman, and all her children and grandchildren.
Agatha Sangma (right) with PA Sangma, Conrad K Sangma and James K Sangma.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 10: The HSPDP of Mawkyrwat Circle on Saturday held a public meeting to welcome the arrival of Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh and her followers to be the full supporters of the party which was held at the Nativity Hall, Mawkyrwat.
“However, I send a message to all the residents of the state to be prepared that if we cannot reduce the spread of this disease, the government will continue the curfew,” he added.
The incident occurred in the league match between Seng Samla Ryngud and Mawphu Sport Club and the match was very important for the two teams where the winner will qualify for the quarter finals.
According to him, the NPP is now contesting not only the VPP but also the UDP, Congress and BJP during the elections.
It is said that the ship was supposed to go to Zurich and New York.
Wake up, for the days are at hand.
The match tomorrow will be between Pasyih Cultural & Sports Club vs Ialong at 11 pm, Mookyrdup vs Tympang.
Besides this number, it is also reserved for Tura, you can call this number r mobiles, 9856822988, for Shillong, this mobile number 9863082268 and for Jowai you can call ha une number
He said that the light bill from the office in Chokpot is only 12.86%, from Baghmara 12.12% and from Mendipathar is only 22.64%. light is 82.09%, East Khasi Hills 89.60%.
Before the opening and handover of these houses, a short meeting was held at the ground floor of one of these houses which was conducted by Rangbah B.Talang.
If one or two people see that there is no unity among their fellow ethnic groups, it is easy to take advantage of the opportunity to divide the ethnic group in various ways whether it is the cause of conflict, Benami jobs, cleanliness and so on.
Therefore, at such times, there are also the players of the bomb, the players of the thap, the female player, the Shalamen or the shaw shaw, and also the players of the Tangmuri, which is the purest music, the Tangmuri. the king of Khasi music.
Conrad K Sangma said that this division within the Congress party has affected the Congress party and he believes that the Congress leaders will think how to improve and move forward. He said that it is not a rumor that the Congress party is in trouble but it is a fact.
Thus, the congestion will allow us not only to have new buildings but also to develop Shillong,” said the Minister.
He said that the issue of having its own LPG Bottling Plant and Oil Depot has been pending for decades, and it is now that this issue has been moving forward in the present Government.
I've been sitting in the streets of Shillong.
Besides, the Engineer said that in Mawsynram, the JJM has not been able to build water wells or water tanks but only Top Ums have been built to enter the houses of the people. ," said Mr. Marbaniang.
Shillong: The residents of Maweit area have faced another problem in the area due to the lack of network in the area especially in the field of life and the students who have online classes have been suffering without stopping. you can't lock down.
Therefore, the KSU sends a message to all the Paradoh ki Parasnam of the Jaidbynriew, if there are any factories or places where they work that do not insult the indigenous people, the KSU be ready to help them in any way.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, AVBP State Secretary Tengku M Marak said that this allegation by the Vice President of NEHUSU is wrong and unfounded.
The villagers are also prohibited from leaving their homes except on the day of opening of shops in the village and they will have to observe social distancing. power of the law.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that police are conducting investigation to find out the truth and her husband was arrested on the 14th for further investigation. .
In the Subroto Cup, the team of Saiden Secondary School has been placed in Pool-G to face the champions from Goa, Uttarakhand and Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan. It will be held on the 20th against Goa.
Shillong: The Village Water Sanitation Committee (VWSC) has been approved by the Shangpung Mission Dorbar Shnong Shangpung Mission after seeking information through the RTI Act The Secretary of the Committee, Carmel Langstang, who is implementing the scheme at Shangpung Mission Village, for their irresponsible implementation.
In the second leg, Wasa United beat Mukhla Raij SC 1-1 with 10 points.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Symbud Lamphang who is also the MLA of Resubelpara, Timothy D Shira, expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and the senior officials of the PWD department for their initiative to put these offices.
" Isn't that what you're doing now?
The Lepchas of Sikkim have only one reserve MLA seat out of the 32 MLAs of Sikkim.
GB/SGB, along with officers and some elders from Karbi Anglong.
The 13 members of the MLA election committee are Sanbor Shullai, Ja Lyngdoh, Sumitra Banerjee, Singh Mulieh, David Kharsati, Thomas Nongtdu, Billykid Sangma, Sufior Rahman, U.S. Bhupen Hajong, John Manner Marak, Pramod Koch, Mojen Rabha and Pelcy Snaitang.
Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbidities.
The deadline for the completion of these works is 24 months or 2 years, with the Panchayati Raj Department of the Government of India to provide the cost of the project, which will amount to about 144 people. crore rupees either.
Instead of running away to the forest, the Hati Sasawna came to the tree where there was a tall Kyndang.
The three trucks were numbered ML 04B 3845, AS 01CC 7307 and NL 01K 1109. One of these trucks was coming from Moo Kyndeng village while the other two were coming from Moo Kyndeng. from the city of Mookaiaw.
Dr. Ricky Syngkon thanked the party leaders who encouraged him during the early days of the party, and also until he won this election.
If the village is interested in maintaining and maintaining this forest instead of being sent by Government officials, it should find ways and means to teach the children, youth and elders the sustainable technique, by Assistance in awareness raising by experts of the Forest Department to plant and care for trees.
He is the most prominent deity in the Rig Veda, the oldest religious text of Hinduism.
Lajong and United have already played three matches this season, in the first leg on 14 June, the match ended in a 1-1 draw, while In the second leg, United beat Lajong 2-1 on 24 June, this time Lajong didn't leave the team and took advantage of the opportunity to play in the home with a 2-1 victory.
The union also blamed the lack of work of the forest department at Umkiang, Apha Range which is in charge of those areas.
“Therefore, all the MDCs who attended the meeting forgetting their party feelings have expressed their disagreement and strong opposition to this.
The body is now in the morgue and it is believed that the man is 42 years old.
In 2018, the MDA government was formed by the then President of the UDP, (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy.
“The Prime Minister further congratulated the Prime Minister for the goal of Viksit Bharat before 2047 and added, “No country, no State or any group you can’t move forward without a goal.
When he arrived at the hospital, the police asked him to throw the money into the ball.
“Although the prize money is small, we have to provide T-shirts, food and other necessities to the participants,” said General Secretary Bah Ferdinand Jahrin.
According to Section 20 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act, 2007, Ministers cannot contest elections or take part in politics.
Speaking to reporters, Samborlang said the reason for his departure from the TMC was because of the strong handshake.
“The imagination of those who are sick is wrong and should not be believed because it is just the imagination of the sick,” he said. menleh ban house.
Don't worry, walk for at least 30 to 60 minutes a day, this exercise can burn hundreds of calories and help improve weight loss and improve the ability to accomplish tasks. you are willing to do it.
The new beneficiaries will receive their first pension on 15th July, on the occasion of Janaseva Diwas, at the Gram Panchayat or Ward Offices in the presence of the leaders. was selected.
He said the government should take the measures it intends to implement for this purpose.
On the allegation of corruption by the Chief Superintendent of Police, in relation to the purchase of vehicles, the Minister said, “We are not here to protect anyone, but whatever we do we will do according to the law. to allow him to explain these allegations.
The union also expressed the absence of an Assistant Executive Engineer in MePDCL in Mawshynrut Division, which will also affect the implementation of light works in the area.
Saleh, who is currently leading the fight against the Taliban in the Panjshir area, is also leading one of his followers and several vehicles and two trucks. They were filled with guns and on their way to Panjshir, they were attacked twice.
Because of her hard work and integrity, she was promoted to the rank of Secretary of the Assembly until her retirement in
Shillong, Naitung 03: The KSU Phlang Diloin and Phlangmaw Prah Units have strongly criticized the SJKNSPA for being a sham of the Congress party. The meeting was held on July 30 at the residence of MLA MM Danggo in the presence of MDC Bah Mansturdy Nongrem.
Explaining the charges, Robinson M.Arengh and Sonu M.Arengh, said that the charges against them of involvement in the robbery are completely wrong. They said that they were shocked, because on the day the body of the child was found, they were involved in helping the family members of the child, in order to bring the body home.
The other three weighbridges did not pay even once.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 633, including 518 cases in East Khasi Hills.
Uttar Pradesh Police today lodged a complaint against 15 lakh small shopkeepers and other small businesses. Kanika Kapoor, for attending many public meetings in Lucknow in the past few days; for not following the advice of the government, in protecting themselves from the Corona virus.
These robots can be programmed to work with humans in factories to create and manufacture products.
“We have always said what is good for the state, I can say that I am happy today and it is a great day for the state which has brought for the future of the state,” said Dr. Mukul after being sworn in by the Chairman of the Lokayukta Pranoy Kumar Musahary today at Raj Bhavan.
They help with arthritis and others.
Some say the government is doing something biased? For us Khasi, she is willing to drive away and destroy even the shops but for us Dkhars, she is willing to listen like a lizard in a shop.
However, it is impossible to change the Proper or Common Noun, as is the case with Bah Suin or Donbok or anyone else who has Khasi ideas.
The planting of trees also poses a threat to our farmers, because many foreign companies will come to run the purchase of pets in which our farmers will not get anything or have any share but will become sohpdung in these. the companythat is foreign.5.
Gavin Miquel Mylliem also urged the Meghalaya government to provide PPE for the staff of Sohra CHC to protect them from the corona virus.
" The Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) has won 27 constituencies in the recent Assembly elections and has been able to lead the government in Mizoram from for five years.
“You have seen my speech in the Legislative Assembly, I have said that the job allocation should be given special attention to the low income households in the state who belong to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo and to allocate special funds for those who are able to earn a living,” he said.
Mehta is currently in custody for further investigation.
This was also witnessed today in Sohiong where three youths came forward to cast their votes and these youths came from 2:30 pm.
The owners of the land have been asked to participate in this inspection to ensure that there is no error.
They said that the raid is still ongoing but there is no raid anymore.
The meeting was also to explain to the public about the resumption of UCIL to mislead the people in the name of development, the plan behind the CM to build the Uranium 2 Lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah and BSF agents have attempted to search for a camp in Mawkyrwat.
They have now been able to occupy land and other privileges reserved for the tribals.
On the 17th of this month, the union lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. Officer of JHADC to investigate this matter.
When asked about the transfer of DCLP teachers who teach in Govt.
Through this, it has been seen that there are youngsters who will bring fame to the state when they go to take part in other sports abroad”.
On the same day, the Seng urges the youth of Hynniewtrep to join the HNLC if they really want to fight for the independence of the Jaidbynriew. please work together.
She said that her department has taken measures to promote the culture of the indigenous people in Meghalaya through music, dance and costumes.
The Federation of Khasi & Jaintia People (FKJGP) on July 3, 2013 under the leadership of Spailos Diengngan, Education Secretary West Khasi Hills and Morningstar Puwein, Information Secretary West Khasi Hills, visited the to meet with the Labor Commissioner in Shillong.
Speaking after the bail, Kong Wanniang said that the law itself has not taken action to judge the rights of the poor and needy people. Lumkseh village against the son of the Sordar of Tynring village, who came to disrupt and suspend the dorbar shnong on 29th October.
“Therefore, if we violate the Act, the state government will be accused of violating its own law.
However, the guards at the morgue brought a tyrnem and a sdie, in which they threatened to tie him and said that there were dead bodies, which used to be tortured in this way. , therefore, they had to torture, by bombing with a tyrnem, until they obeyed and could no longer rise and fall.
Furthermore, the Village Authorities, VDPs and other organizations have been directed to be vigilant in the villages and townships that no one should walk or stand without wearing masks.
He said that the party will also go around the area to campaign.
The Department of Agriculture has issued an Office Order to allow farmers to regain access to fertilizers such as Urea, DAP, MOP and SSP after 8 years since the previous State Government suspended the subsidy. for fertilizers to the farmers on July 12, 2014 to reduce the impact of fertilizers on the health of the residents.
Shillong, March 02: The body of a policeman who was shot dead by the GNLA on Tuesday has been found by Bah Helping Stone Nongkseh.
He was reportedly from Delhi to Imphal.
Shillong, November 1: A few minutes before the start of the meeting, the people of Meghalaya have erected a tyngshop in the image of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. kyrniom and bynthiew together with the team of kynphuit.
It is learned that the construction of houses in this area is on the orders of the Rangbah Shnong, who has made it clear that the residents have the right to build houses in this area, while it falls within the boundary. He said that the residents can stop unless the Indian government makes it clear that the area no longer falls within the border of India.
Taking the example of a family moving into a new house, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that this is a very exciting time to leave the old Parliament House.
He dug it up and thought carefully that it would have its own forests and its own fields.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on Tuesday celebrated the International Women's Day under the theme 'Embrace Equity'
Besides, she is a clean person and her timely challenges will help us to get votes from the rural areas,” he said.
God calls us to repent.
These leaders want a hardworking, intelligent and close to the people leader of the Congress party and therefore demand a consensus to revive the party.
After the CEC on Tuesday, the PDF leaders will also convene the General Council on the 4th before deciding on the flag of the PDF. Although the PDF leaders did not comment on the decision of the CEC, accurate information received showed that both the MLAs together and the PDF office bearers will join the NPP on the 6th of this month.
Nine persons have been arrested on charges of raping a 14-year-old girl, including a Mawhati MLA, an employee of Marvelene Inn, women leaders, and cases have been registered against them in Laitumkhrah and Madanrting. Police Station.
She said that two 108s were sent from Tura to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong without any injury.
“Because the voters in Shillong are better acquainted with the development projects coming from Delhi, the people will turn to the BJP to vote in the Lok Sabha elections rather than ignoring the development projects. Your vote is worthless to another party.
Eating such vegetables can cause dozens of types of stomach diseases ranging from gastric, diarrhea, diarrhea, asthma, low blood pressure, stroke. Paralysis and heart attack.
The Border Security Force (BSF) unit in Kakergora, on July 6, 2023, seized 300 kilograms of human skin worth Rs 30 lakh.
For any questions, please call the following numbers: 100, PCR –
The Deputy Commissioners have been directed to take all necessary measures to ensure that the land acquisition is expedited to meet the requirements.
All Government Offices, Revenue and Magistrate Courts as well as Schools and Colleges in the District West Jaintia Hills will be closed on the above mentioned day.
Jowai, June 17: The District Police led by Magistrate R. Kharbihkhiew and Additional Superintendent of Police Chemphang Syrti together with a team of police today raided at Saba village in the area. Block I. The KSU-JHDU has lodged a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong of Umkhyrmi, which is inhabited by Karbi.
“We cannot accept this order because Khyndailad and Motphran are the largest commercial areas in the area and therefore if commercial vehicles are banned from these two areas it is impossible. to accept," he said.
We are in Khasiland while our custom is that of the West (isn't it inevitable?) and it is the same in the celebration of Christmas and it has been in another way that we see nowadays. especially in this second decade of the 21st century.
In many parts, this road has been improved to make traffic easier.
Another issue was to ask the CEM for clarification on the results of the visit of all the MDCs in the past few months to the border in the areas of Block II including Sabuda which falls under the Raid Nongtung.
Rangbah S Jala, one of the elders, accompanied by the elders of the Seng Khasi and the people, conducted a prayer and thanksgiving ceremony.
Orendro Kharjahrin is the son of (L) Rabu Lyngkhei and (L) Mei Khirsibon Kharjahrin of Sakwang.
Supporters of Bah Bring from different villages of Pynursla area came to fill the hall.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has denied that the trafficking and kidnapping of women in the state is rampant.
Last year's Punjab University came second with 12 gold and silver medals and 16 bronze medals.
The Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Dr. Kestonbel Manik Syiemlieh, was also present as the chief guest.
Bah Chedrak was awarded T.6,0
The sources also said that more than 1,000 Adivasi Christians have been evicted from their homes in the past two months.
The new building is part of the expansion of the court and was constructed at a cost of T.45 crore with an auditorium, rooms for lawyers. law and other working rooms.
The incident happened on Tuesday, the same day when the AAP MP alleged that she was assaulted and assaulted by an aide to the Chief Minister Bibhav Kumar.
On the other hand, the leaders of the synjuk handed over the money and a prayer was held.
Shillong, Naitung :The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Laitdom, Shillong on Tuesday discussed the current situation in the Jaiaw Village Council. The residents of the village because of the beatings of other ethnic groups by the exploiters who have no spirit of tipbriew tipblei.
Eight cases were reported from Hojai district, two from Sonitpur district and three others from Kamrup Metro, Kamrup Rural and Nagaon districts.
Shillong, July 27: About 280 residents of Wahthapbru village in collaboration with Bawri Nethralaya received free medical treatment at the Community Hall of Wahthapbru village on Thursday.
Speaking on corruption in the state, Bah Ardent said that in fact this government is no longer a corrupt government but a corrupt government while it is for the benefit of a few.
I remember how the older players used to tell about the Asian Cup in 2007 in Chennai because it was a great tournament for India where she won the title," Singh said in a statement.
He said that MUDA through the government has promised to reject the complaints lodged by the department against the RBYF and that the arrested members should be released without any conditions. .
The two arrested were identified as Waiamon Kharlukhi from Mawlai and Winnie Ryntathiang from Rynjah.
D in the year
He added that many of the problems faced by the district these days are the lack of qualified police chiefs, especially in the border incidents with Assam. The union also demands that the state government should appoint an ASP and also to increase the number of patrol police in the district so that such incidents will not affect the people suddenly. without adequate security personnel, it will be difficult for the government to control any untoward incidents affecting the villages.
He is an intelligent man and I have confidence in his leadership,” Mishra said.
Jowai, Naitung 19: The 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
“Because we want a detailed report, we will soon receive this report and we will be able to tell you how many schools will receive the funds for the maintenance and they are from these districts: ula state.
The Under-10 Football League 2023 was inaugurated on Saturday, 25th October 2023 at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
“If the government cannot protect the border, property or land, give us the power or weapons to fight ourselves, because we don't want to watch. “Assam will take over the land of the state by its own power and internal conspiracy,” said President Ohibait Dkhar.
When there is a drought like this, the farmers have to break all the jhur and jhep.
The office bearers of the East Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association, who have been elected to serve from 2023 to 2025, include President, Rajiv Bareh, Vice President, Abh Mehowot Shadap, Secretary, Tnebha Phawa, Joint Secretary, Marchial Nongtdu, Treasurer, Marius Nongtdu, 14 members of the Association.
Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu beat Iawmusiang Nartiang 3-0
Nongdawah CC beat Laitjem CC by 44 runs and Nangshai Nongpluh was named Player of the Match.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on Friday visited the Durga Temple at Nartiang village.
Shillong, Lber, 10: All India Trinamool Congress Leader Mukul Sangma has demanded that MeECL should pay the cost of treatment of this child at NEIGRIHMS. The former Chief Minister of Meghalaya has strongly criticized the Congress for announcing to contest from the two Lok Sabha seats in Meghalaya.
In conclusion, I would like to urge all the people of Jaintia Hills and the State to be vigilant before electing our leaders in
On the other hand, Bah Process encouraged the teachers of the school by saying that he will try his best to help the school as he did when he was the MLA of the area.
He said that the UDP, HSPDP and the Congress party have been sitting together in Khadc.
If they are so concerned, they should call them back in lieu of lesser hostile conditions.
“Now I feel very lonely because I don't have any close friends in my life.
She also taught them to eat healthy foods, to wash their hands and to avoid throwing away sexual objects which can cause Hepatitis B and C. She said that her office provides Career Guidance Counseling and encouraged the students to come forward and take advantage of this opportunity for their own benefit tomorrow.
The championship will be organized by the Basketball Federation of India, said Donald Steven Wahlang, General Secretary of the MBA in a statement.
It was reported that the Israeli intelligence agency discovered the group and assisted the Greek authorities to track down the group. The group has ties to Iran and their intention to attack comes from Iran.
“It is our responsibility to implement the NRC and we will continue to implement the NRC to eradicate the foreigners in the state,” he said.
Lambokstar said that in the coming days, the party will continue its programs to force the state government to visit Delhi to get a clear answer to the demand. implementation of ILP in Meghalaya.
Persons with disabilities are also allowed and divided into two categories, under 15 years (Juniors) and above 15 years (Seniors) who can participate free of charge.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Umdohlun, South West Khasi Hills District with the purpose of following up on the petition or memorandum sent to Bah Hamlet Dohling on the issue of The demand for a C&RD Block in Umdohlun and Wwahkaji areas has been made in the past few years while he is still in charge of Community & Rural Development. of the state of Meghalaya.
In addition, the Act will not apply to vehicles carrying soldiers, health personnel, police, fire & emergency services, journalists, MeECL & power grid personnel, Supply Department, FCI, Banks, ATM, Telecom & IT Services, Petrol Pumps, Gas Vehicles, Pharmacies, Government Vehicles, Food Vehicles and others which have been granted permission by the government, either to be open or to run on the street.
The tournament was inaugurated by Rambrai MLA RG Momin in the presence of DC WKH Garod LSN Dykes, officials from the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. The State Government, members and office bearers of WKHDBA and MSBA also distributed prizes to the winners.
The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has strongly condemned the beating of people including women by the police on Tuesday.
He said that the church has prominent political party leaders like Angela Ryngad, Irene Hujon and Samuel Jyrwa.
On the other hand, the party leaders also urged the people to take responsibility for the preservation of fish and all living things, to take care of the environment, not to kill fish and wildlife.
Matsiewdor said that in these incidents, up to 13,682 thousand people have been affected by floods and landslides.
The ceremony was attended by Bah Raynold Kharkamni, Vice-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board as the chief guest. Ri Bhoi together with leaders of KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and others.
The Digital Advertising Policy 2023 has been developed after discussions with stakeholders and sets out the path for strengthening the Government of India's information dissemination through digital media and strengthens the dissemination of information to the people of the country.
Pala expressed his surprise why the ANVC (B) members have not expressed their views until now, why they have not expressed them earlier.
The India Leaf Tobacco Development Company in Guntur District is the largest company in Guntur District, and buys almost all the tobacco produced in the district for the manufacture of cigarettes.
If we turn to the customs, marriage, trade, language and others, we see that the foreigner has become the leader in all aspects.
He turned straight to the roof of Tangkasiar's armala house.
“If we are Jobless, you are Useless, Hopeless and Careless,” said the President. " (We are the unemployed, but you are the unemployed, who destroys the hopes of the young men).
“It's a great loss because Cafinia is the fourth or fifth member of the group and she is a hardworking, dedicated and talented child in the music industry and we used to lead her around. -kylleng and she is also a good believer," they said.
“The electricity requirement is 250 MW but we can generate only about 170 MW including from the state generation and from other power generation companies including NEEPCO, NTPC,” he said.
However, we the Khasi, Pnar, Bhoi and War people are the most diverse people in the world, and that is, that the Longshuwa Manshuwa who stood as Rangbah ka Hok, held the race from the women. (female).
In his speech, he also explained some of the laws under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act 1985 (NDPSA) under Section 42 which deals with the penalties if a person uses , distribute, sell or manufacture drugs.
The government should have found ways and means to solve the problems of the people,” said the HSPDP MLA. environment due to coal mining and prompted the NGT to intervene.
She has also won many races across India.
According to the statement, the MLA also stipulates that he will be punished and imprisoned for two years without bail and fined as much as possible, but the MLA does not want to go through. The complaint was lodged with the law enforcement authorities, but he appealed only through an apology and legal notice, but the woman, as a woman, did not listen and insisted.
As a result, many of these SHGs are unable to continue and end up half-time.
Lajong and Mohammedan are also unbeaten after eight games.
At the same time, another issue that needs to be addressed is the need for a sub-centre to provide health services.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the JAC and President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that through this meeting, the meeting was held to discuss the issue of opposition to the casino. The JAC has decided to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to demand the repeal of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, They have opposed the opening of the casino in Ri Bhoi District.
After a while, at 5 pm, the police of the Sohra Police Station came to the office of the Syiem of Sohra.
He said that there are parties that claim to have strong leaders.
In particular, the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill has been urged by the Governor to sign it immediately.
Therefore, as enlightened people, we need to elect leaders, legislators, intelligent people who are willing to speak and advocate in the Legislative Assembly on various issues and issues. Albert Maring from Umdap Dumu Village, Ri-Bhoi District.
He also urged the people not to complain if they know that there is illegal mining.
Umpling SC beat Shillong Soccer Scout first.
The SP said that the three men arrived at Jagi Road after being summoned for smuggling.
Up to 24 candidates have been selected for the personal interview on 26th November,
The union also said that at this time, the Meghalaya government should have been more mindful to follow up on many issues of the state especially the demand for ILP and to strongly oppose the CAA I called the leaders of the party.
The KHADC Enforcement Police today sent the KHADC Enforcement Police to raid the illegal vendors on the sidewalks along the road.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Congress party has been a hot topic in the past few days, as it appears that some of the leaders of the party who are also government ministers have expressed their disappointment. They have also informed the Congress leaders Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi that they are no longer in the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state. Gandhi did not demand that there should be no change of leadership in the state which is ruled by the Congress party.
They looted all their belongings including mobile phones, money and a Pulsar motorcycle.
He said this because there have been too many allegations that he (Bah Prestone) and the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma have sold Meghalaya to Assam.
This comes after the UIDAI has sent a notice to give three months to register in the state and failure to register to get an Adhar number will deprive the beneficiaries of the Adhar number. various government Schemes.
Pritila Shabong, 40, of Shillong Laitlyngkot Market, was admitted to Woodland Hospital Shillong on July 20 and died after testing positive for Covid-1
The more young indigenous people who own the business in the state, the wealth of the state will remain within the state and will prevent our wealth from flowing out as it does in these Many years have passed because of the foreign influence on our trade.
After that, she took him to her house, where her mother was, and after more than an hour, they sat down, he left the house and she said that he didn't go and didn't do anything. No.
KHNAM General Secretary Bah Batkupar Wahlang said it is time to review the Bhah Thungkam and the implementation of this policy should be stopped for now.
However, only a few people have received land from the government to set up shops.
New Delhi: Rahul Gandhi has accepted his defeat in Amethi against BJP leader Smriti Irani, who has won more than 30,300 votes. There are still 13 rounds left to count the votes or about 3 lakh votes.
It is not possible to count sting on him, because even he is the winner, he has only 1,450 votes more than Bah Teibor in the MLA election,
In the second half, Khliehmuchut Shangpung beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 2-0
At 7:00 pm, members of KSU Laban Circle and leaders of KSU Seng Kmie brought the most expensive materials and materials to build a house for the Khasi people. lives in Maxwelton Estate.
Therefore, the people should be surprised and bring in a government with a vision in 2023 because in a short time the people will be able to take the decision in their own hands.
The Meteorological Department has also warned that tomorrow will be a day of heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
At present, the Covid-19 pandemic has spread not only in the city, but also in the rural areas. Ri Bhoi District has been severely affected by the Covid-19 pandemic in the past few days, with 44 cases confirmed in Ri Bhoi District. .
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshing, Chairman, Dorbar Ki Chiefs of Ri Hynniewtrep, suggested and proposed to the Government to hold a meeting between the officers of the project and the village leaders so that the people can get clarification on this matter.
In this regard, the Chief Guest congratulated the doctors and staff who are striving to reduce the number of TB cases, and to strive to achieve the goal of eradicating TB in the District.
Not only the Chief Minister of the Congress-ruled state, but other Chief Ministers and Congress leaders like Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi, Laloo of Bihar, and others, have supported and praised Modi's courageous decision. to demonstrate the actions of anti-India fighters supported by Pakistan.
Shillong, March 8: Although there has been a temporary understanding within the Congress party, sources said that the political upheaval within the party has started again in these days. and after a while the law against Ar maloi was passed.
“If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.
Shillong, November 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Friday met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the appointment of NEIGRIHMS has caused many problems.
One of the reasons why government employees have been able to buy vehicles is that banks have given them free loans because they receive government salaries.
Two minutes later, 7 Wasa had a golden opportunity to turn the match into a draw and this goal was scored by Sucrip Manar (7) of the first half.
All students must carry their Identity Card on all school days or classes.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Regional Committees have started completing the survey reports which will be submitted before 31st November.
Amity and Moodymmai won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament 2022 at the Jrisalein Chutwakhu Stadium on Thursday.
AmenMerry Christmas.
On Tuesday, the sky was covered with clouds and heavy rain in some parts of the state.
Police suspect that the incident was committed by a man named Robin Ksoo from Shohshrieh village.
They have to provide for the mother so that she can feed her child.
India, which produces the largest quantity of rice at 19%, has taken responsibility to bring about changes in the export of rice and to explore the possibility of purchasing it through the As part of the Millet Conclave in India, the relevant authorities held a Millet Conclave in India and disseminated information among the 100 buying countries on the benefits of They invited the buyers to showcase India's unique products and thus see the role of Indian krai in the diet of people around the world.
The pick up truck was parked on the road.
You also won't think about how it affects you or all those thoughts you don't want to think about.
However, Amit Shah has said and sent a message through the Chief Minister that he will stay in Shillong for two nights in March 2021 to discuss the ILP issues in more detail.
He said that let us each and every one of us celebrate this Christmas in a way that the Creator will be pleased with us.
Likewise, the name of Lum Shyllong as the King of the Mountains, and the Khyndai Umdih Khyndai Umtong, we have completely forgotten.
After this, the suspect surrendered to the police. The police arrested him and took him to court where the court gave the police three days to investigate. .
Clark County District Court Judge Kathleen Delaney sentenced the Las Vegas boy to 16 to 40 years in prison for assaulting his teacher. I asked him about his marks after he went to school.
which has led to the Pateng now receiving the benefits of electricity.
“I know and you should be clear, when people accuse the party it means that the party is working,” said Bah John Kharshiing while speaking at a rally for the candidate of the NPP in Rynjah.
However, it is not that the Hima belongs to the Wahlang Pahsyntiew tribe, they have only the right to be kings.
The 24-hour strike was called by various organizations to demand the report on the shooting incident in Mookhep, which is still being kept secret by the state government.
Those with disabilities, male and female over 7 years of age are also invited to take part.
He said that the party urges the leaders of Rambrai Jyrngam to take action on this issue, so that the government can turn its attention to these villages.
Alert!! Therefore, people, avoid such traps and tricks so that you will not change forever and ever.
The Congress has also announced a list of 60 candidates for the Assembly elections.
They were called rawon, because they didn't have anything to eat.
In addition, the Government through the Nikshay Poshan Yojana provides food assistance of 500 tyngka per month to a TB patient until the end of treatment.
"“If the order from the MHA to reopen schools comes, the state government is ready to reopen schools. “There is a directive from the central government and the state government will be ready to reopen all schools,” he said.
This comes a few days after the SLFC signed Brazilian midfielder Renan Paulino De Souza who has played for Athetico Paranaense, Nautico and Bragantino.
Leaders from Kyrmen Minister of State and MDC of Bataw constituency Dr. Sankey have helped to distribute the foodgrains to the villagers.
In an interview with the police, the girl suspected that it was Sanju who kidnapped her father and for this reason, the police will follow her until she is arrested. to deliver him again.
The fighting was caused by a clash between the two Sudanese army groups.
The issue was raised by Ampareen Lyngdoh and Zenith Sangma from the Congress party.
Nongpoh: U Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sengkmie, today visited Mawhati area in Ri Bhoi District, to confirm the office bearers of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) in three units. different villages in the Mawhati area.
Besides him, Akash Kumar Choudhury scored 2/61 in 10 overs, Dippu Ch Sangma 1/49 in 10 overs and Rajesh Bishnoi 1/55 in 10 overs.
The High Power Committee (HPC) headed by the Speaker of the House Dr Donkupar Roy has decided to complete the construction of the project within three years.
Besides, it was learned that these days there is another type of disease in the pigs which is not yet known because the pigs die without recognizing that they are sick.
R. Lyngdoh, Regional Manager MRB, said that the implementation of the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) Scheme has reached 2861 women which has reached Rs 89 crore in the year 2021-2 MRB has received the National Award for Working with SHG Farmers for the year 2021-2
He said that the heavy rainfall can also affect the crops that are still growing such as jhur ki jhep, soh ki pai and others and can cause flooding in the area. flat areas, landslides and felling of trees and to damage dirt roads.
(The author is a lecturer at NEHU).
It is said that the Umngot and Umïam rivers are the brothers who are the children of Lei Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The state government has rejected the demand of the opposition Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) to convene a special session to discuss issues affecting the people and the state.
Finally, we invite the children of the thousands of Bri u Hynniewtrep to contribute their efforts and strongly support this demand for the implementation of this Act. Khasi and Jaintia Special Provision) Act to encourage and encourage all the children of the family, men and women, to use their talents and natural resources blessed by the Creator. Creator to make our nation and state rich, prosperous and the pride of the whole of India.
Messi, 33, could leave Barcelona this month.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
“It is shocking and surprising that the senior leader of the party who has been leading the party since 1983, has not been counted at all but has been dismissed without consulting his fellow leaders. " said Diverland.
Officials told reporters that all arrangements have been made to provide security and safety to Manish Sisodia, according to the rules of the Jail.
According to the Reports of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi-Jaintia Hills (1864-1899), during the time of Missionary WM Jenkins, the village/church of Nongsning was located in this area. The land is now relocated by the same people who used to live in other places.
The MDA has now formed a single group to support the NPP in Tura and the UDP in Shillong.
As we say once again – Let us be the change we want.
At the same time, he said that no one can donate to the HN LC because it is an illegal party and if anyone does so they will be punished by the law.
On the Central Industrial Security Forces (CISF), Prestone said, “This is also the decision of the High Court but as I said, the police department in the state is well equipped to deal with the crime. I don't know if you're going to be in the state.
A short meeting was also held at Nongshilong Square, where Bah Korbarlang Syiemlieh Sordar of Kynshi Mawteijrong was the chief guest and Bah HS Thabah Sordar of Nongshilong was the symbud chief guest. .
Kerala Blasters have signed new players ahead of the start of the ISL 2023-2
Tura: Doctors have recovered a 22 kilogram case of at from a 23-year-old patient at the Maternity and Child Health (MCH) Hospital in Tura.
Today, there have been 4,03,738 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 2,22,96,4
Regarding this incident, the union strongly condemns the actions of this foreigner who touched the woman and vowed that if the NEHU authorities do not do anything about this incident, they will not be able to to take away other roads.
It was C. Rajagopalachari, the last Governor-General of India, who approved and signed the document, but it has not yet been incorporated into the Constitution.
At that time there was no peace in the land of Canaan, and there was a great revolt against the kings and rulers who ruled over the kingdoms and cities.
They said that for the market to be held, they have to pay a tax to the Assam government of up to 70,000 tyngka.
At the same time, he expressed his surprise at the appearance of 342 households, 158 out of 184 households for whom the government will allocate land.
“Let me go and see.
We pay tribute to the groups of residents who go out from day to day to clean up Umshyrpi and Umkhrah to reduce the entry of garbage into Umïam.
He said that on July 24, a Bolero owner had lodged a complaint with Laban police station that his vehicle driven by Sanjay Biswa had been lost.
“I asked the President of AYC, Silning D Sangma, when he learned about the incident.
The RBI on 19th June announced the withdrawal of 2,000 notes and said that these notes will continue to remain at the same price and have been given time to deposit these notes. in Bank, till November 30, 2023.
In the second half, Lamshaphrang Kurbah scored the second goal for Sawmer in the 61st minute.
He also asked Christians to pray for the soul of Vikash Nandwal, a businessman in the city who died after being burnt by people in recent months.
Kolkata Police Commissioner Rajeev Kumar has been questioned for five hours in connection with the Saradha embezzlement.
Furthermore, the MLA urged the people to take good care of the dorbar hall so that it will be able to maintain the schemes of the government. .
This eye disease is also known as Epidemic Keratoconjunctivitis and causes symptoms of swelling of the eyes and swelling of both eyes.
He said that these fraudsters use social media such as SMS, phone, website, mobile apps or other platforms such as Facebook, Whatsapp, Instagram and others.
The People's Welfare and Development Society (PWDS) in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Office, West Jaintia Hills Jowai has celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities December 10 at Mukhla village.
On 18th July 2020, 140 people were tested positive in Upper Mawprem with 6 positive cases, 123 cases in Umpling and 94 cases in Lumsohra, Laitumkhrah. all are negative.
Don't be surprised first...you have violated the laws of India...that we can all choose or worship freely any religion in India.
He said that to better understand what unity is, it is necessary to discuss and discuss this issue in a broader manner.
Sarma's remarks came during a rally on November 18 at the polling station in Madhya Pradesh where he strongly criticized the Congress leadership.
“In general, the lack of swelling, the immune system also lacks the ability to fight these bacteria in the head,” said Dr Iwasaki.
All four teams have qualified for the quarter finals.
In a statement, the President of the party, Bah Tarson Lymba, said that the government does not care about the people of the North East.
How can we get electricity if the water from the Umkhrah River is not supplied?
He was also a member of the India Tribal Union and worked with other politicians in the region.
Not only that, there were hundreds of others who had sympathized with themselves, as a sign of suffering, when they appeared in a village street, where they were sympathized with with sticks and sticks. .
The 6 villages and the KSU and the Union of Waheh Shnongs have protested against the garbage dump because they do not understand the problems of the people. hat by all the residents of the district.
He also said that we need to find those problems and we must solve those problems.
“So it takes time to evacuate everyone, we have been able to secure seats for almost all except about 5 or 10 people, and in the next 48 to 72 hours, we will be able to evacuate them too, Sangma said.
In the second innings, Power Grid scored 159 runs for the loss of two wickets in 15.1 overs.
The TMC leaders were welcomed by BJP National Executive Member and Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek in the presence of State Vice President Dipayan Chakraborty and others.
“We welcome the contribution of Assam for the National Games,” said Banteidor.
The film about the war in Germany 'All Quiet on the Western Front' won four awards including Best International Feature Film, Best Cinematography, Best Original Score and Best Production Design.
The KSU member carried a placard reading, “To the Prime Minister, implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP), repeal the Citizenship Amendment Act and the Indo-Nepal Treaty, implement the The Central Agricultural University, recognize the Khasi language under Article 10 of the Constitution of India, fix the boundary.
Indeed, after a fierce struggle until our country became the country of the blood of our ancestors, physical slavery has disappeared but sadly, mental slavery has not disappeared. even until now.
On this occasion, the Seng has decided to take measures to demand for the appointment of another Doctor Incharge to assist so that there will be no delay in the working methods. Health because this is the life and death of the people.
However, the answer will be the decision of the people which will be released on 2nd October
After the destruction of Solomon's Temple, it was rebuilt during the reign of King Darius.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong has warned the residents of the state not to go out in public places without any work.
At the reception of the Music Visionary Award 2023, Lana thanked Olivia Rodrigo for encouraging her and Lana has been involved in the music industry for about 14 years.
These development and construction works which Jowai has not received include the road.
The MPCC leaders also met with Bah Mohendra Rapsang and Bah Mayralborn Syiem, two MLAs, who are among the five MLAs, who appeared at the invitation of the MPCC leaders. “I don't want to argue with the CLP leader about what she says, but they should understand that the Congress has its own rules for what MLAs can do. to do and what they cannot do"
When asked what he would like to suggest to the Arts & Culture of Meghalaya, Bah Do' stressed that the Department should protect and preserve the traditional customs and traditions.
The maximum temperature in Shillong was 13.4 degrees Celsius, the lowest temperature was 5.0 degrees Celsius, Sohra was 14.0 degrees Celsius, Umiam was 17.2 degrees Celsius. The temperature is 3.8 degrees Celsius.
James, paid tribute to the journalists, who have worked hard and who have stood up to find news, such as in these difficult times, from the spread of covid-19 in the State, the country and the country. the whole world.
After the end of the first half and both teams scored 10 goals, the match was taken to penalty shootout instead of extra time.
The investigation and pursuit of drug traffickers in the city is ongoing.
On the other hand, Dr War said that the health department is still investigating the cause of the death of the man. the cause of this man's death has yet to be seen.
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous, don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.
The investigation will be led by the Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC). Goyal said the government has also invited the National Institute of Technology (NIT) to investigate not only the Janata Furniture shop which collapsed but also the Janata Furniture shop. even the nearby street theaters like Payal Cinema and others.
It is learned that the incident happened at 11 to 12 pm this morning, but no one was injured, because at the time of the incident, no one was found. people sitting inside the vehicle.
At the same time, he expressed his concern when talking about the political games of other parties and human life in relation to the coal industry, without thinking about the problems faced by the people due to the ban. “I cannot forget the grief of the people, some of them can no longer support their children in school, some of them There are many problems that have arisen and worried the people since the NGT has banned the mining and transportation of coal and now I am happy that the people have got the opportunity to mine coal again. He expressed his gratitude to these men who have been given the opportunity to mine coal and congratulated the people of the district for their progress in their jobs and income generation. He said that this coal mining will also help the coal factories in the district to get coal from the state.
If so, it is enough because the Dorbar will be held for months.
This donation by the dewbilat company is part of the joint support of the Dorbar Shnong to help the company to transport the heavy machine of the company to pass through the village to Lumshnong and The machine was installed on a long distance.
“This time the fight will be between me who has done the right thing to serve the people of Nongkrem against the rich man who has invested a lot of money in Nongkrem and against the rich man who travels around the country. “It's a good idea to remind the people of the country that the jaidbynriew is in the middle of the night but he didn't do anything when he won the second term even as MLA of Nongkrem and I will be the winner of these ramhah this time,” he said. said.
The CEM of KHADC said that since the beginning, he has invited everyone to join the Executive Committee (EC).
However, they have to submit their names to the office of the DC Eastern West Khasi Hills Mairang on or before the 26th of this month during office hours. birth certificate for verification.
“The cut off of this road has caused the people especially the farmers to face problems and the construction and cleaning of the road has been done only for the benefit of a few.
On this occasion, the CM said that the former Prime Minister in 2017 had written to the Government of India to inform that the state government will not abolish the conduct of personal interviews.
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) is a group of nine unions belonging to various banks including AIBOC and they have similar demands.
Suranjit Dey and Sandeep Kumar of Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy became the winners of the men's doubles after beating Santanu Ghosh and Rituraj Shabong 3-0
We are looking at various ways to promote tourism in these Lakadong CMCs,” said Conrad Sangma.
“Modiji has taken advantage of the unity of the people of the country and it is for this reason that the Congress will stand up and campaign,” he said.
When asked whether the ARPA meeting is not necessary for him to attend, u Bah Biyin said, “They called the ARPA meeting only because of the shortage of seats. Speaking to reporters, Pyniaid said that he has never missed an ARPA meeting and only two meetings have been called. It was not an ARPA meeting, but a meeting of the ARPA Party which was held at the house of Dr. Donkupar Roy President UDP (the ARPA party and not the ARPA MDCs).
Shillong, November 25: U Asstn.
The ILP has united the people of the state despite our differences in party,” said Renikton.
He also thanked the Government of Meghalaya and the Prime Minister for saying that the people of Karbi and Meghalaya have a close relationship and are like brothers and sisters with the people of Meghalaya. the people of North Anglong and Assam.
In addition, the need for a proper treatment facility for chronic diseases was stressed so that patients do not have to go to other states for treatment.
Hep replied, “You know who shot me.
Hearing the PIL, the Division Bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee issued an order saying, “Now the people need to have access to electricity and drinking water but this has not been provided by the government. the state government.
“It is difficult for us who earn only 50,000 tyngka per annum and we will get the money back after more than three months of work,” said N Toi, General Secretary of All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers. Union, Johannesburg.
In Zone 1, Ri Bhoi won the toss and elected to bat first and managed to score 244 runs for the loss of all wickets. Bibek Powdel scored 120 runs for 99 balls. Laxman Gurung scored 42 runs for his team.
The cleanliness drive was inaugurated by DL Rymbai, Chairman MBMC in the presence of teachers and students of the two schools and village officials.
This has destroyed the power and authority of the Kni in the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people.
The meeting was scheduled to be held at the Pinewood Hotel in the city.
“It is also a continuation of the Tobacco Free Educational Institutions (ToFEI) programme, which started in schools in October 2021 and will be extended to colleges. in November 2023 in collaboration with the Sambandh Health Foundation.
That article helped her immensely to gain perspective to be close to her children.
Speaking to Rupang, Rev Sangma said he does not agree that his personal information should be displayed on mobile phones and banks. is another very big issue, which has to be considered.
The works that have been done in Mawlai village have been suspended, the question I would like to ask the former MLA, besides you as an MLA, who else has more power besides you to stop that work.
I am not the one who says this, but it is the market talk.
The leaders of the area said that there is a lot of politics between these rulers and it was also mentioned that politicians are also involved in this matter.
James S Lyngdoh said that all Congress members will protest in their offices as part of the protest against the increase in the price of petrol and the Congress has sent a petition to the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi through the offices of the Deputy Commissioners of all districts of the state.
Besides, even the border settlement with Assam which has not been done by other governments, this government has done.
Try to shampoo your hair 2 or 3 times a day. 4) Use of hair dyer: Use of hair dyer that is harsh will make your hair worse, because your hair is 5) Conditioners that can be made at home: To get a bright hair and cleanse it with apple juice vinegar mixed with water for natural hair.
According to Kong A Swer, Secretary, Meghalaya Scouts and Guides, the meeting will start on 24th November 2014 and 350 Scouts and Guides will attend the meeting.
These vaccines were sent from Pune or Hyderabad to any center in the states and from there, they were sent to the centers in the districts.
Has he been empowered to answer in a tone and manner that only Ministers or senior Government officials can answer? (ii) it is surprising to see the speed of estimates and explain the reasons, even to admit that the PWD department has approved the wrong plan or drawing.
Modi has been in Ahmedabad since last night, where he was welcomed by Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani.
“We request the Government through the Expert Committee to complete the Inspection as soon as possible, so that the people of Sutnga Elaka and the District as a whole can avoid the impact of the dirty pumps from the Coke Factories and arrest those who Wasa Utd have qualified for the semifinals after beating Panaliar SC 1-0 in the quarterfinals of the 18th Above Football League. The knockout tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
The Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex has 3 floors and about 100 shops on each floor. If you count all the stalls, there are about 300 stalls, but most of them are They have closed the building except for some of the ones that are open properly and at the top of the building there is also a parking lot which has been turned into a dustbin or a garbage dump and a toilet for the people. There is a terrible disease that can affect the health of the people.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achik Youth Movement (HANM) today held a one-day protest in front of the Additional Secretariat Shillong to demand the immediate resolution of the border issue with Assam.
The result will be announced on 15th June 2021.
The Ri Bhoi Police, have extended their blessings to this young man, to continue to improve in the field of Arm Wrestling.
During the rainy season from April to early November, thousands and lakhs of these birds migrate from Mongolia and China to South Africa, a distance of about 22,000 kilograms. meters.
There have also been many allegations against the Congress for delaying the announcement of its MRD candidate.
Kyrmen Shylla said he took this decision together with the NPP MLA from Sutnga-Saipung, Kong Santa Mary Shylla after receiving information that some supported and some opposed.
This raises questions about the effectiveness and sanctity of the recruitment process.
Media reports said that the clashes have spread to other parts of the state, where there have been shop burnings and other stone throwings.
Passengers are allowed to operate from 5 pm to 9 pm.
In the afternoon, the religious leaders completed the thanksgiving ceremony for Syiem Aitnar in the presence of Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot, Wasan Waheh and Kñi from different kurs.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Cabinet meeting today decided to implement the Roster System in the Reservation Policy of the State.
He also praised the residents of the border areas for their courage and fighting spirit, giving examples like Lapangap and Khanduli.
In the second leg, Lamlynti FC (Madanlyngkhi) beat Lummawbah Sports Club 2-0
“It has to be carefully considered so that it does not conflict with the provisions of the Constitution,” he said.
The new Waheh Shnong has received the trust of the people despite the proposal from the residents to reinstate the former Waheh Shnong Ma Rimiki Sana who has held the post of Waheh Shnong for three years.
“I am shocked to find that the roads in his constituency are filled with snow and ice even though in fact he has taken all the government money to his constituency,” said Lotha. to reporters in Shillong.
The Mission sees that success will depend on the involvement of the villages in this work, including from the leaders to the households.
She also said that if anyone wants to file a complaint, they should come forward and not be afraid to get their rights.
She has lodged a complaint with the police that till now these people have not returned these documents and have misused these documents for their own benefit.
The body of Major Manlun was brought by an army helicopter.
The decision was taken by the VPP after the VPP leaders met with the Minister of Law and Justice, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and received a promise that they will receive a to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The Dorbar Shnong has also taken measures to prevent the flow of the stream in the village.
Shillong, Naitung, 08: The Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese on Saturday received a new Bishop by Father Ferdinand Dkhar who is also the Diocesan Administrator of Jowai Diocese.
Those who have received Aadhaar number can also come and if anyone wants to get rid of this number, it is very good that they should be present on this day at KNDH to discuss how to do it. Shillong, March 22: Immediately after the mid-term MDC elections of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), HDR Lyngdoh MLA Sohiong Mawphlang MLA Kennedy Khyriem, who is also the Minister of State for Home Affairs, will campaign against the defeat of Mawphlang MLA Kennedy Khyriem in the 2018 MLA elections. because of Mr. Kennedy's campaign against his son.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, who is also the Minister of PHE in the State Government, on Tuesday said that the Committee will no longer use the The word “Give and Take” is used because many of the people are against this policy.
It is a family that live their lives according to the scripture.
These two trucks were driven by Edibros Kharbani, 28, of Kriangrin, while the other truck was driven by ML 05 J Albestar Kharbani, 30, of the same village, police also arrested two suspects, Shanbor Mawlieh, 22, and Fastarwell Mawlieh, from the village of Thiepjaphlang.
“We have not yet left the race and as I told you we have increased the number of households to get drinking water and this is one of the reasons why we have not yet reached 100% but we will continue. trying to do our best to accomplish the goal by the end of November," he said.
Doctors said that the elderly people who attended the ceremony, including the husband's wife and mother, have contracted the disease, while his father-in-law has died of the disease. pandemic.
He recalled that 17 Lamphangs including 2 women from Mavlankar to Sumitra Mahajan to Om Birla all contributed in their own ways, including all.
Shillong: Two suspected drug traffickers have been arrested from Jingkieng Umshyrpi at 5 pm today.
“We intend to talk to everyone about what the roster means.
He said that many roads and bridges have been flooded like in Trikikilla, Selsella and a bridge in the Ganol River has been flooded.
He also admitted that the Lyngdoh's sudden departure from the dorbar was due to his lack of willingness to use force.
All social media platforms from Face, Twitter and YouTube have been able to function as usual after being released.
He said that he will soon move to the king's house where Singh has been living for 40 years in the coming days after completing the renovation.
If you ride a cycle, you are sure to get a puncture (Your hand has robbed India for decades and don't let it get closer to the money.
Dube said the state government has also set up an Empowered Committee to oversee the implementation of the Meghalaya Mines and Minerals Policy,
,5.2023 and requested the residents of both the Karbi of West Karbi Anglong and the Pnar of West Jaintia Hills District to remain peaceful while the governments of both sides are preparing to resolve the border issue.
Once again, the Single Window Clearance appears.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 07: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
Regarding the plan of the central and state governments to extend the railway line to East Jaintia Hills District, the CEM said that as of now, the JHADC itself will not accept the railway line and there is a committee to look into this. The Council has not yet had any discussion regarding the railway line and the CEM has made it clear that the Council cannot accept the railway line as it is now.
“According to the Office Memorandum issued on 10.05.2022, the use of the term 'Local' or Trai Shnong means those who are the permanent residents of that District who have first preference to permanent residence or open the door for applications first to the villagers.
It is also in such cases that parents pay a fee for their children to eat and drink in the shops so that after school they can go straight to the library.
Nirmal Dkhar scored the first goal for Pamrakmai in the 80th minute.
He commended the people for their cooperation in providing land and for cooperating with the PHE department to complete the project on time.
Thangskai Tiger SC scored the first goal of the match through Ruki Syrti 61′
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Sohtun, after meeting with the Governor yesterday, said that the Governor, said that it is the duty of the District Council Affairs Department, to will take action and look into the matter.
Myntdu Leshka II is a project that aims to implement Run-of-River.
The bank has been temporarily closed after one of its employees tested positive for COVID-1
The reason is that in Thangskai, which is a place in the state, the clash was with the people and the police acted like Khla, while in Lapangap, which is on the border with Assam, the clash was with the Karbi people. , the Meghalaya Police are like Khnai.
This is why we as a nation don't support the Sengbhalang, but I can say that most of the youth who are under the control of the Sengbhalang can escape from many evils especially in this age. drugs and other evils in our country.
East Khasi Hills District will have the highest number of beneficiaries with 1,86,439 while North Garo Hills District will have the lowest number of beneficiaries with 6694 beneficiaries.
It seems that the memory is short not only for the people, but also for the leaders.
Marbud said the meeting on Saturday will go smoothly as scheduled and urged all the office bearers of commercial vehicle drivers' groups from all districts of Meghalaya to attend. They also attended the meeting so that they could take other stronger decisions on the silence of the State Government regarding their demands.
Nongstoiñ, March 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle, following a complaint from the parents of the students of Government LP Pyndengkirit School, has visited the school and found that it is in poor condition. It is no longer appropriate to say that it is a school, but it has become like a cow shed.
Shillong, Naitung 20 : Shemladbha Khongwir (60kg) of Seng Khasi College and Angelis Kharumnuid (50kg) of Shillong College won the title in the Arm Wrestling tournament organized by the Seng Khasi College. Sankardev College.
Shillong, November 23 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya Kisan Morcha in collaboration with the BJP National Kisan Morcha (BJP) has organized the first NAMO Kabaddi Tournament in the state. The tournament was held at two venues, Sohra Sub-Division, EKH on the 20th of this month in the morning and Ri Bhoi District in the evening.
Until now, the Central Government and the State Government do not have laws authorizing the issuance of labor licenses or work permits. .
Through a letter to the Minister, the Union of Chiefs of Village Authorities of Mawkynrew have informed the Minister that the farmers are facing difficulties in selling their agricultural products which are also perishable products due to the lack of funds. Lockdown throughout India.
I hope you understand how to reduce plastic.
The two day festival started on Saturday and will end on the 26th November, 2022. The festival was inaugurated by Fr.Pius Shadap, Parish Priest of Umsning Parish. spirit with the presence of Sr.
State Disaster Response Funds (SDRFs) have been established in each State under Section 48 (1) (a) of the Disaster Management Act,
If you know how to do right, think right and act right without the temptation of a single independent mother, it will be a blessing to Suidnia, Iawbei and Thawlang to be happy and rejoice with their blessings in this world and even after I am no more in this world.
The 1st War East MDC constituency will be held at Amlarem Civil Sub Division, while the KHADC constituencies will be held at JN Stadium. The first meeting will be held at Tyrsem Hall in Nongstoin.
When asked where the child got the talent , everyone in his family did not know , but according to his brother , they saw the talent after he was able to ask himself himself when he was very young when he was on fire.
“I would like to ask whether they have registered a complaint or not, if so, why don't they arrest them immediately and why is it time to arrest them because these Assam police came to shoot and kill these people on the border of Meghalaya? on this ground that they have the right to arrest these policemen,” he added.
He said that those who came to join the HSPDP to become full supporters are from the UDP, NPP and also from the PDF. The HSPDP has decided to hold a meeting with Bah Nolip today after a misunderstanding between him and Bah Nolip. Therefore, it is necessary that from now on all the supporters should go to their respective villages and townships to invite the people to give their support for the HSPDP party so that it can win the elections. this 2023 election.
He said that this is the first time in the District Council that the Trade Department has used File Movement Registration to track all the files so that the files do not move quickly. happened in the past.
The Judicial Magistrate First Class of East Khasi Hills, who heard the case today, issued the order, Dey said.
“One of the best fertilizers for farmers is cow dung, otherwise come the dung of other animals.
There have been cases where even the village has gone to ask the government to manage these houses, but no one has believed or taken action. “These houses are no longer suitable for use, because they have been abandoned for many years, where they have been destroyed and covered with plants,” said Bah CB Syiem.
Today, it was reported that ISIS is working hard to overthrow the Western-backed Shia government and intends to form another government. on the borders of Iraq and Syria.
She received T.1.3 to build this house.
The Word of God clearly tells us that people want to die, but death is no more!
Nongstoiñ: The Annual Inter House Sport Meet 2019 was held at Domsohphlang Ground in Markasa WKHD on Friday. The tournament was attended by 4 teams. The school has divided the school into Red House, Green House, Yellow House and Blue House. The two-day inter house will feature many sports including 100 race, 100 race, 200 and 400 metres, handball, football, marchpass and others.
They laid him on a bed and covered him with a blanket as if he were lying down.
D. The right to employment and trade, land, customs, language and identity shall be guaranteed, because the right to govern the country shall remain in the hands of the indigenous people. foreigners shall not have the power to change or destroy the customs of the country.
During this Yatra, more than 9.47 lakh people have received the benefits of cleanliness under the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY), which has helped households to avoid smoke.
The program was entertained by talented singers of Garo Hills including Monika Momin and Walseng Sangma.
Because of this, the Minister said that the government has taken measures to find societies to operate these buses, which during the holidays or non-school hours, these buses can go to work or carry government employees.
Many children suggested that we should stop thinking about how we use plastic.
According to the Director of Housing, Kong RM Kurbah, the government has prepared well for this scheme and there is a proposal to allocate 175 houses to be built in each block in the state.
Throughout this month, the arrival of various people has been witnessed.
Borrowers with a balance of up to T.50 crore till 29.2.2020 and those who sell and buy up to T.250 crore are eligible to benefit from this scheme.
This song was uploaded on the YouTube channel of Sengkhasi on the evening of 15th July
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that at this juncture, it is the right time for the people to understand and turn to the candidate of the Riewlum Party. This is after all the National Parties have come together to nominate a joint candidate for the 2019 MP Election.
The village strongly condemns the lack of protection of the environment and the danger of forest fighting by the illegal immigrants. the fire may have spread because it was dry season, he said.
Those foreigners who do not want to be in Meghalaya can leave the villages and areas of the Hima Khasi, we don't need them,” said the HYC. It strongly condemns the policy of forcibly transferring the lands of the Hima Khasi to Assam without looking at the history and facts that they are the lands of the Hima Khasi.
Speaking on the appointment of John Player as a spokesperson, Sid said that there is something that brings him closer to the company as he himself is a person who likes to dress up and go anywhere. that you are going to take part.
“Tourism is one of the sources of income, you should work hard to preserve the beauty of nature and don't build any structures to damage the beauty,” said the Chief Minister.
The KSU has expressed its surprise, how can this person escape safely without knowing whether he is healthy or not? This shows the weakness of the authorities in charge of monitoring the movement of foreigners entering the State.
The Word of God says, “For this shall not come, except there come a falling away first” (2 Thessalonians 2:3).
Idashisha Nongrang, the newly appointed Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya, said that she will meet with the people every Friday to discuss issues and other needs.
In the U-16 category, Wailuti Lyngdoh (shot put), Kasanchi D Marak (long jump), Melibad Kro (discus & javelin), Sibilda Maring (high jump), and in the U-14 category, Rukini RT Dkhar (600m), Turoi Phawa (60m & long jump), Tusame Marak (high jump), Carla Emika Myrboh (60m), Enriyana G Momin (long jump & high jump), Adorebella Syntem (shot put & javelin), and the Dkhar Assembly (shot put & javelin).
Pogba, one of France's top players, almost scored in the second half, but Portugal goalkeeper Rui Patricio saved the ball.
Therefore, when we celebrate Indian Independence Day, we should also talk and tell stories about the facts of this day. The Har Ghar Tiranga Campaign, the selection of some of the residents of different states for the Independence Day program at the Red Fort South Delhi and others.
Mavis Dunn has been appointed Minister of State for Assam.
He said that there are tapes and CDs in the shops, but the tapes are scarce and there are no more people who come to look for them, while the CDs are only available. ban sell.
On the other hand, our doves are gentle and welcome such love.
Agartala: Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar is now living with his wife Panchali Bhattacharjee, a retired central government employee. , in a two-room house on the top floor of the CPM office. Sarkar does not own a house and does not want to stay in the MLA hostel. “There are many rooms, but this doesn't matter, because many of our leaders live a simple life,” said Bijan Dhar Secretary, CPM Tripura.
It is impossible to know how long God will give man on earth to repent.
“People can say many things but words will remain words in the end and only the truth.
David then realized that it was Ud longtheng who had blessed him.
We are the residents of Nongsning Village.
Nongpoh, July 10: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Um Song Unit, through its president, Samla C Thangkhiew, has requested the MeECL to ensure that the electricity supply will be supplied without interruption during the days. There is no World Cup in the world, no Football World Cup.
“You cannot appoint a governor without the decision of the Dorbar, but the Acting Sordar did not believe this even though I showed the evidence,” he said.
The deceased were identified as Plidar Riahtam (father) 70 years old and Hobar Khongsit (son) 50 years old. map.
There are also employees who have alleged that they have been forced to sign up without proper explanation and with the threat that they may lose all the benefits they should have received from the Government.
Families with many children and those who have to leave their farms are no longer able to send their children to school and children aged 14-15 have to go to work without any way to help and support them. yalla i may i pa.
Rupin started the match with a 16-7 technical superiority over Kyrgyzstan's Sardarbek in the qualifying round.
Srivastava said that in his speech, the Bangladesh Army Chief said that according to the rules of the Bangladesh Border Guard, no groups are allowed to set up camps in the border areas.
If Inter were to win, Argentina striker Lautaro Martinez would have been 10th.
After the arrest of these trucks, they took them to Pynursla Police Station with the intention of lodging a complaint and urging the Police to take the necessary action according to the law. the police chief.
The meeting was attended by leaders of various unions from WJHTODA, EJHDA, EJTODA and JLLKTP. Commercial Vehicle (MJACCV).
They will also discuss the implementation of schemes of the Government of India in the State.
When you go with the crowd, you go to feel comfortable, but when you go with the crowd, you go with the kingdom and to fight with the sword, the stieh, the sword and the ryntieh. The incident occurred at Mawlong Market against the Khar Mator for more than three years.
And today he will fight for the gold medal.
“This shows the confidence that the central government and other executive offices feel regarding the capacity of the government,” he said.
Earlier, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing and painting competitions organized by Umphrew Secondary School, Umphrew.
“If I think only of myself, I don't need to form a political party but I will work alone for Nongkrem. paid to achieve the goals and aspirations for the state and you can see that in the debates I have raised in the past years although I have won the elections but when it comes to the voting I have always lost Because I don't get the majority of votes, we have formed the VPP, a party with a clear goal and our fellow leaders and even the supporters are strong and intelligent and I don't see any doubt that we will get “I will hold the seat in the District Council in 2024 and the Assembly in 2028,” he said.
The statement invites all the people to attend the meeting. People from East and West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, Laitryngew, Sohra, Borsora, Mawsynram and other places in East Khasi Hills are also invited. The meeting will also clarify the rules and regulations issued to release coal and the impact of these rules , said the statement. Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga, Vice Chairman, General Secretary MIPRL.
We must be aware of the Umngot River that the Government intends to destroy by removing its dam.
She added that “In addition to exploring ways to modernize those delivery systems with our drugs, we may also need to spend more time on providing care to patients with and find ways and means to prevent the headaches of people in Intensive Care Units (ICUs) that could affect their lives in the future. ".
The VPP Spokesperson said that the policy clearly states that the allocation of jobs should be based on the population.
R Lamare 23' and A Warjri 30' scored the goals for Lumdiengjri SC.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Ladmukhla has warned all the visitors of the Bacardi NH7 Weekender not to disturb and pollute the surrounding area of ​​Mukhla.
This will be followed with a meeting with all the district presidents in Garo Hills,” Mawrie told reporters on Wednesday.
In Jañtia, there is a law to run the Dorbar Shnongs, but what we need now is to set up the Dorbar Shnongs.
He talked to the daughters and sons of the deceased.
He said that the names of government employees to benefit from this scheme may be that at the time of the census in 2011, they had not yet received government jobs but they can get a job later.
However, the nation is doing well.
They were seen from Nongkhlaw to Mairang and beyond Wahlakhaw.
The two teams have scored 10 goals in the last match.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) of the State Government on 31st July 2024 held a meeting at State Convention Center.
Also, to remind the MLAs of the State that they should not sit idly by on the demand for ILP, but should lead the State with determination until they get the ILP. COMSO has made it clear that it is only a collector and organizer, but it wants this protest against CAA and demand for ILP to be a protest by the people, of the people and for the people. , Therefore, all the citizens of Meghalaya are invited to come and express their opposition to CAA and demand for ILP, said a statement from Bah Roy Kupar Synrem Secretary and Bah Lawyerson War. Vice Chairman of COMSO.
Section 92(1) states that only the Executive Authority of the State shall function in the Excluded and Partially Excluded Areas. The Legislative Assembly of the State Government shall not enact or implement such laws in these areas unless the Governor has issued a proclamation and order to implement such laws.
Now, the Karbi people have forced the Khanduli people to farm in their farmland in Myni, Umpawiang and other villages.
At present, the remaining matches of the tournament are only the semi-finals and finals.
The program was also enriched by a special song and dance by the youth of Nong Hyllam Village.
If the Lama of the country is damaged, it should be removed entirely by doing it in private places and not in public places. respect you.
The Lyngdoh of Lyngiong Lyngdohship, Bah Hamphrey L Ryntathiang, who accompanied the march, said that the march was attended by thousands of children of the Hima. Hima will continue to strive to achieve this goal to promote tourism because the richness of nature and the presence of beautiful hills and rivers will indeed be a blessing to the children of thousands in many ways.
In a letter sent by the Member-Secretary of SEIAA to HITO, it was explained that there are four requirements that must be met before issuing Environmental Clearance to any factory and these are: in accordance with the Environmental (Protection) Rules,
May God bless the family of (L) Purno A Sangma to produce more and more intelligent leaders who know the will of the Creator.
"It must be Niakha because that day when I came to look for you here, Panah saw me...he told my mother.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) from different units of Mawlai Village have withdrawn from the KSU Mawlai Village on the grounds of problems within the KSU. Members of KSU Mawlai Circle have decided to withdraw from the KSU Mawlai Circle, the expulsion of the President of the KSU, and the violation of the decision of the people. to demand the ILP at a public meeting at Student Square in the past few months.
Jowai Municipal Board, Jowai
“The Government should take immediate action to strengthen the Narcotic Act which is currently in force.
He said that this arrangement of the NTA has put the students and parents in a state of dissatisfaction and frustration and has also caused many problems to arrange the travel, accommodation of the students. who have prepared themselves to sit for the CUET examination with the thought of taking the examination at nearby centres.
He was speaking at the opening of the 53rd Basic Course for Deputy Superintendents of Police and Sub Inspectors at the North Eastern Police Academy (NEPA) in Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday.
In the second leg, Nongrah beat Lumshyiap SC 3-0. Dawandappura Pathaw scored two goals in the 46th and 79th minutes, while Shanbok scored the other goal. Marboh in the 50th minute.
However, through this talent, which he has, he has become one of the most successful.
Shillong, March 31: The office of the All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMCSA) has been opened at the PWD grounds in Barik, Shillong to ensure the welfare of the contractors. in the state of Meghalaya.
In the second match at 6:30 pm, Iatyllilang SC beat Mawlynrei SC 2-1 goals. Two goals were scored by Melawantei Kharmuti in the 35th and 35th minutes. Heraldo Kyrsian scored the first goal for Mawlynrei SC in the 27th minute.
According to the FIR, the President of NEHUSU said that on the 7th of this month while the leaders of NEHUSU were on their way to Tura Campus and while they were walking around at 1:30 pm, 7 persons were arrested. foreign workers who have been involved.
" Maheh didn't speak.
The Apostle Paul wrote this second letter to Timothy in 64-66 AD, reminding all believers that in those last days, critical times would come.
After finding out the facts, the Vigilance Committee of the Village expresses its gratitude to the DC (Supply) East Jaintia Hills District for being quick to take action and listen to the report. The village has met and on his part he has informed to take necessary action against the Government Wholesalers in this regard.
This will speed up the process of appointment.
She said the report found a forged bill of Lucky Bareh and recommended to suspend Rini W Pakma, Project Manager and Dakapaia Bareh, Counsellor.
“There is a need for a discussion on the Roster System in the new Assembly and these are policies in which it is up to the Legislative Assembly and the government to take a firm decision,” the court said.
“Unprotected sexual intercourse with condoms and the use of the same injection needle among drug users is the main cause of spread of the disease,” said Dr B Dcruce.
After the elections, they don't care much about the people but they collect thousands of dollars and look forward to making money while they are the leaders of the people.
Her love for a Christian boy has caused the Muslim girl to be tortured in her own home.
Shillong: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has ordered the evacuation of all the residents of the house of Dr ML Deb near Hotel Heiga, Lachumiere due to the earthquake.
WFRK General Secretary Aldiyar Nuralinov said the external inspection was taken six months after the international tournament in which the athletes from the country had participated.
He said that the people themselves have witnessed the discrimination against the people in the state that there is no peace and order and the implementation of government schemes is not clean and transparent. “It is necessary to investigate so that they will not die again as they have died in the past five years under the rule of the coalition government led by the NPP party,” he added.
China on Friday launched a powerful 2D rocket to launch 41 satellites, setting a new record for the country to launch the largest number of satellites. the satellites are only launched once at the same time.
“I am here to fulfill my constitutional mandate and to implement my responsibility as EM as I have taken oath. “We say without fear or discrimination, without loving anyone or hating anyone,” he said, “but to act according to the laws and regulations that have been passed in order to bring protection for the benefit of the indigenous people. Those who are still weak should be given better opportunities including from the villages, himas and government departments.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the purpose of the reduction is to increase revenue collection.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The fare of local taxis in Shillong is T.500 tyngka and this is the fare that the taxi drivers pay to the owners. The surprising thing is that in Balat the Lieng can earn as much as the local taxis here in Shillong.
The union has strongly warned the cement factories to load the vehicles of the indigenous people according to the soskular they have signed with the Association and to respect the indigenous people without increasing the price.
Meghalaya will play against Uttar Pradesh on the 23rd.
We need tourists who have an understanding of the far-reaching and broader meaning of the word tourism.
Nongstoiñ: Ryntih SC has won the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament 2018-19 organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC).
In another development, Sunny Deol, BJP candidate from Gurdaspur, met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Delhi.
The final match was played between Marbisu Pdeng Sports Club and Syiem Football Club Ground at Umjyrsieh Ground.
This was announced by the Syiem of Khyriem Hima, Paiem Dr. Balajied Sing Syiem, who said that the Hima has taken all the necessary measures to ensure that this ceremony and the Shad Nongkrem will be a success.
The awards and medals were presented by the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy in the presence of the Director General of Assam Rifles, Lt Gen Sukhdeep Sangwan.
Dr Samir Das also explained that the attention and responsibility of the work, helps to understand how to calculate the time of farming according to the conditions of the place and the change of the weather in different seasons of the year.
The program was also attended by WK Blah, Secretary, Governing Body of Ri-Bhoi College, Giri Prasad, Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi College. , ADC of Ri-Bhoi College, Bah SSR Bamon, Principal of Ri-Bhoi College, President of Ri-Bhoi College, teachers and students of the college.
The process of making laws and regulations for small businesses is an act of corruption and corruption by the relevant authorities.
Is it only Laskein Block that doesn't have jobs under the PWD North Division? Which contractor is working in Laskein Block in North Division? How people from all over Jaintia Hills have to travel to Shangpung for small jobs.
I don't want to explain the reasons for this incident because the case itself is still ongoing but I just want to say a little bit about the root cause of this incident: The incident occurred due to the theft of timber by the Mukroh residents from Karbi Anglong Assam.
The SP said that in the last four days, police have found many vehicles without permits and fined them. The vehicles seized include the SPTS Maxi Cab.
Before announcing the decision, Ardent said, “I am sorry for being removed from the post, I will step down myself”. recall in his mind about Tirot Singh Syiem, who said that he could live as a soldier rather than as a slave.
The HYC and JYF have held a meeting with the DC of EJHD, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS to resolve these issues. .
Peter and all the Apostles said, “We must obey God rather than men” (Acts 5:29).
Besides, the FKJGP has organized this rally to demand the opening of job opportunities for the youth of the country through Skill Development Training Programs and Job Oriented Training Programs in various schools.
In this election, the voting day will be held in a slow and steady manner.
At that time it will be the end not only of Israel, but of the whole world.
On the other hand, the street vendors admitted that their sale of goods on the street corners does not attract the visitors as they have very little space to sell their goods. they.
This is the award won by SWKH District at the celebration of National Toilet Day held in Mumbai.
He also urged the residents not to be afraid to send for testing as the testing is free and does not announce whether or not there is a presence or absence of the disease.
The body of Nganga was recovered from the Heingang River on the 14th of this month.
The next match will be on the 23rd July between Oste Phi Oin-B FC and Lajong FC.
In this incident, even one of the victims and his father admitted that this was not the reason for ethnic differences.
They said that the state government receives more revenue from East Jaintia Hills but the development in the area cannot be provided and the union has decided to cancel the name of the hospital. While the government has not been able to provide the facilities and health facilities inside the public hospital and many times the residents have to go to Ialong Civil Hospital Jowai for treatment. It causes problems to the public because the health center is far away.
He said that if the Board does not trust the schools to conduct the examination, it should take responsibility to conduct it as a Matric examination.
Shillong: Two children who went missing from Shillong have been found on Saturday in West Karbi Anglong district of Assam.
Are we a nation that is selfish or selfish?
Shillong, July 23: On the 27th and 28th of this month, various political parties in Jaintia Hills including FKJGP, KC, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ, AJYWO-CB have called for the second night curfew. They protested against the government's refusal to repair the NH 44 from Mookyndur to Malidor.
However, the CEM said that he has been informed that the Bill will be tabled in the Special Session on 20, 21 and 22 March
This allocation will help to strengthen the factories and will also help to strengthen those who are already in the factories in the North East.
Besides their presence, the Seiñ Raij expresses its gratitude to Muhor Kynthiar, for his contribution to the Raij, especially to Sniawbhalang Dhar, Kyrmen Shylla, Lasky Rymbai, Justine Dkhar, as well as all the elders and women who have sacrificed their lives for the Raij.
According to the Mizoram Election Commission, there are 40,548 voters in the LMC constituency including 21,245 voters who are citizens. female.
From that time on, the Bir was called Seinduli, the bsein dohthli and Duli.
His responsibility for the new school has resulted in the ME School having grown to the status of Ri Lyngngam Higher Secondary School.
However, Ottawa police suspect that there were other militants who came with the victim.
Plants cannot eat rocks, nor can they even eat sand; but their food from the earth comes from the lowest parts of the earth.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the office of the Dorbar Shnong Mission Compound Shillong on Saturday, which was donated from his MDC scheme at a cost of 8 lakh tyngka, he said that the existence of the Dorbar Shnong Mission Compound Shillong. it is the greatest pillar of the nation that we must protect and improve its service delivery.
The government is like a mother who has to embrace everyone and not accept only those whom she likes and reject those whom she does not like.
Death scares everyone, but death is not the end of things.
This is one of the main reasons why Meghalaya is facing a shortage of electricity where the demand for electricity has increased while the production is low and not in line with the needs of factories and consumers.
The AJYWO has sent a letter to the SP of East Jaintia Hills and a copy to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills on Monday.
The registration will end on 25th October 2019 and the first round will be held on 11th June, the second round on 18th June, the third round on 23rd June and the fourth round on 23rd June. , on June 29th, the fifth round, on January 6th, the sixth round on January 12th and the ninth round on January 19th.
In this regard, the Seng Khasi (Kmie) invites all its members to come and take part in this 10 day celebration.
He said he felt sorry for those people who accused the MDA government, “Don't protest when you don't know if the people will laugh at you.
However, the villagers have cleaned the bridge with dewbilat nangrong to turn it into a bridge while in fact the bridge is just a mawbah which the people carry from one side to the other side of the river.
The Forum has informed through a press release about the problems faced by the people of Mojem, so that it can reach the attention of the relevant authorities to ensure that the paradoh parasnam does not die. .
Shillong, November 3: The Dorbar Dong has requested the nine political parties to lift the curfew on the 5th and 6th of this month as it coincides with the Fete held by the Dorbar Dong. Tympang Iawmusiang Jowai said that many of the schools in Jowai receive assistance through the Fetes and if the night curfew cannot be lifted it will be a great loss to the society.
Here, we must be firm on the grounds that we request our Chief Minister to review once again the MOU that has been signed so that we can get the right approval. away from both sides.
“I don't want to see the government act as if it knows how much we should get and we have said the same thing, that the salary increase should be the same for everyone but what is the difference? They only do is to divide the teachers to rule.
He said that this incident of death of fish has happened every year since 2007 and usually happens during the heavy rainfall which lasts for two or three days, during the high water. .
“The second phase will fall on the most difficult areas, including Langpih, Block I, Block II, Psiar and Khanduli. But if the residents themselves join hands with the government, I think it will reach its goal”.
Non tribals will be allowed to participate in the coal mining industry and the wealth of the nation will flow to these non tribals.
The Minister said that the Urban Affairs Department will take many measures to clean up the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers and the department has already issued tenders.
The event was attended by the residents of Mawpat and surrounding areas, Government Ministers including Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Rural Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah AL Hek, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh. , Bah David Nongrum and the office bearers of Mawpat Village, the office bearers of the Union of Rulers of Bri Hynniewtrep and others.
According to a report sent by the Revenue Officer to the Chairman/Secretary of the Village Court, Ma Romario said that he bought the patta and lumkseh from a resident of Mookyrdup, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai. /06/20.
The Governor has called us to form a government because we are the biggest party in the state,” said Yeddyurappa.
During the meeting, the DC together with other government officials promised to improve the road, drinking water, electricity and parking spaces.
Through President Hamkom Khynriam and Secretary Mutshwa Thabah, we would like to clarify that regarding the news published on 28th November 2022 in Rupang, the voice of the people said, “NPP leaders, surprised, on the development of Nartiang"
(2) Miracles and wonders happened that people did not expect.
Shillong: A foreigner who is also the manager of a petrol pump in Jowai has been assaulted and assaulted by women from time to time. An 18-year-old Khasi girl who works at the same petrol pump was arrested and assaulted.
Police and Police, MLA and MLA, I've met with Teng2 brothers and sisters, we're small and rich, nobody cares, if we complain it's right...I'm sorry for the police traffic in Shillong, drivers and vehicles from the countryside are good. The MLA will give them a warning and the MLA is not guilty of anything. Your statement is 100% true.
She was speaking to the media along with members of the CSWO(I) from Jaintia Hills, Wansyrpai Shadap, members of the Jaintia Students Movement and Riwar Jaintia Youth Federation.
The complainant said that many buildings have been built near the river which has caused pollution and pollution to the river including the Resort Orchid run by the MTDC. Philosopher and Banalari Khongwar have also appeared before the court.
He said that from time to time, even in the past years, they have given the reason that it is the rainy season and cannot be repaired, but even after the rainy season, the NHAI has not taken action to This time, the union and the Waheh Shnongs will follow up on the maintenance of the road, that is, after the end of the rainy season.
Through the Lamphang, he asked whether he is allowed to have a discussion and if yes, he is ready to discuss the issue.
Besides the workplace, there are many households who rely on the electricity for their electricity, some have to rely on the electricity, some have to clean. only by using electricity and many of their needs.
“They also discussed ways and means to monitor the situation at the border, to protect, to arrest the troublemakers, to close the entry and exit gates and the border areas that are still open, to announce the the day off and paid holidays, the implementation of NBWs and others,” said the Joint Chief Electoral Officer of the State Government.
The ANVC (B) has accepted the peace talks but the government has not given them accommodation and for this reason, they have spread to commit crimes.
These SOPs were introduced with the intention that only a few wealthy people and companies will control and monopolize the coal mining industry in Meghalaya and the middle income people ( middle class) will no longer be able to work in coal mining because they find it difficult to have land up to 100 (shispah) hectares and this will lead to the accumulation of wealth not only for a few but for many. they just have to watch.
On this occasion, the MACS leaders also gave training to the youth and women on HIV AIDS and how to treat them.
Another part of the dispute between the two parties is that the BJP MLA and Minister of State Bah Sanbor Shullai has said that the BJP will never withdraw from the party. Bah Sanbor said that if they leave the government at such a time, it will turn around because it will make the people think wrong and say what will happen. If we have to work again with the same parties in
“Of course, if we are more expensive, they will go to the lower-priced one, but the Dkhars have heard that someone is taking advantage of the higher price than the Khasi,” they added.
Samehi Laloo, President Rotary Club Jowai and Rtn.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlongbna, said that the reason for the incident in Rithang, was because the Thyllaw residents had tried to rob the farm of the Mawlongbna residents. Hundreds of years ago, he said that this place was the Ri Raid which belonged to the Mawsynram Hima, while the Thyllaw people came to take possession of it.
“But I know that with the advent of technology and that all the facts that happen in the country can be covered by just clicking on the button, so I feel that I am different from them besides being a hard worker. , I'm ready and you can see me around and will continue to see me everywhere," she said.
The Government also plans to implement the Jingram Project, Kynshi Project and Simsang Project as waterways for trade to Bangladesh.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Mawdulop, Mawsir and Ksanrngi have urged the state government through the PWD department to take action to clean up the road for the safety of the people.
He said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, had announced in November 2019 to resolve the issue of Adhoc teachers but the Government has not done anything yet.
Shillong, Nailar 24: An earthquake has struck Shillong this afternoon, shaking parts of West Bengal, Bihar, Odisha and Assam.
The Superintendent of Enforcement, KHADC, Bah Poland Sohphoh and other officers led the raid and were accompanied by government police. the judgment of the judge.
Gareth Bale scored 10 goals in the first half and Real beat Huesca 1-0
According to him, the total amount of money they have to pay has reached more than Rs 6 crore and nearly Rs 6.5 crore.
Tangmar heard the answer from the old man, "Tangkasiar"
“I expect to see about 20 women MLAs in this Legislative Assembly in the coming years,” she said. The elders shall also have to give space to the women to serve in the constituencies to be elected.
According to the tradition, the film tells a story about the blood of the two brothers who were married according to the forces of nature.
The program was inaugurated by George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, Cornelius Laloo, Journalist from Ri Bhoi, Sisters, Village Leaders and RSEYDS Leaders including Comfort Rympei. bad u Rympeit Report.
The Delhi government’s struggle over air pollution in the city has continued from time to time in which the government has not relaxed.
Thus they jumped into the deepest depths of love alone.
Speaking to media, he said that the collection of revenue from liquor shops has been since 4th June 2020 until today. The revenue from liquor shops is T 6 crore from the whole state.
“Even in the field of education, it has improved rapidly and is one of the districts that has led the way in these years,” he said.
The meeting, which was conducted by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District and CEO of DDMA, Bah Kerwood Thabah, discussed the duties and responsibilities of each government department. on preparation for the upcoming rainy season.
The NEPMU has decided to stop the smuggling of petrol and diesel after the members arrested on charges of smuggling petrol halfway have not been released from police custody yet. mine
Perhaps even the Central Government and the BJP will be surprised at this attitude of the people of Meghalaya.
Bah Blishon Sohtun was one of the elders and leaders who carried the responsibility for the welfare of the Khasi people in Block II along with other leaders and They have been working hard to bring peace and stability to the people of the Block area and on this occasion they have expressed their gratitude to the people of this area without any problems. They have been able to vote for the election of those leaders to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
The latest song, titled Voyage, has been released today and in a song, it sings about the heartbreaking relationship between Agnetha Faltskog and Bjorn Ulvaeus. Benny Andersson and Anni-Frid Lyngstad were married for nine years from 1971 to 1980 and then Benny Andersson and Anni-Frid Lyngstad were married for three years, from 1978 to
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Kur, Bah Puramon Kynjing in the presence of the elders of the Kur.
In the Men's Single, Suranjit Dey (Laban SCTTA) won by defeating Sandeep Kumar.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District has invited all the residents especially the residents of Jowai to join hands with the district administration to hoist the tricolor flag of the country on the 15th July 2021, the Independence Day of the country. India is in power with respect and pride.
However, the next day, the UDP MLAs denied that there was such a decision and said they did not know anything.
This village is one of the most beautiful places in West Khasi Hills to visit and go to the toilet, go to the fields or go fishing.
According to Swinburne, he found that the existence of evil on earth works for good.
He said that through the encouragement and initiative of the leaders to organize such games, it will free the youth from evil deeds especially from drugs which is widespread in this area.
This is according to an RTI received from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, which was requested through Bah T.Khongjee who is also the President of the New Rympeit Synkhong.
On the other hand, the RBYF has also renewed the office bearers of Mawrong Unit including Kyrshanlang Syiem as President, Wanbha Lyngdoh, Vice President, Secretary Aibor Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary BP Syiem, Sport Secretary Renol Moksha, Education Secretary Broken. Nongkseh, Finance Francis Lyngdoh and other members of the EC. On the other hand, the Dorbar Rangbah Shnong Ri Bhoi District (DKRSRBD) today congratulated all the people and all those who supported the event. The procession was called by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep.
On the other hand, Dr. Jasmine, who is also the NPP candidate from Nongthymmai, said that there are many poor families but now they have to distribute these tin sop little by little. Chief Minister Housing Assistance Program scheme.
Also present on the occasion were SSR Bamon, Principal of Ri Bhoi College, President of RBCSU, R Kharbihkhiew ADC of Ri-Bhoi College and teachers.
It was also explained that those who have already submitted the tika will also receive the syrnod.
Referring to the allegation of illegal smuggling of coal, the Chief Minister said that the coal smuggled now is in accordance with the permission of the court and they have proper documents and To claim that every truck carrying coal is illegal is a false claim.
kilos of rice was distributed per household besides umphniang, dai, phan, piat and mluh.
After that, Rida's mother didn't say anything else and went to bed.
The purpose of this is to improve the Polo area up to Golflink by improving the roads by cleaning tiles, roads, drains, and also by installing street lights in the area. .
He said that the two bridges on the Tyrsung River, one from Aradonga to Rangsahpara and one from Mawkhrang to Nongshyiap, are the property of Bah Pangñiang.
Although we are different from the villages we came from, here you show the spirit of brotherhood,” said Hiram and hurried to leave.
He said that if these guests are unable to attend the meeting on those dates, they may propose on other dates to allow the parties to meet and discuss. on the good mat.
According to reports, NPP supporters in Ranikor want the party to contest against Bah Kitboklang Nongrem or Nelbi Sangma in the Ranikor MLA election after Danggo has left the party.
They said that although the electricity supply is not sufficient, the bill has increased compared to last year.
The team was led by Anita Songthiang, Baremdor Kharmuti and Lameshwa Majaw as State Officials.
When we look at the rural areas, we find that the pollution in the villages is less than the pollution in the urban areas.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 71808 out of which 66515 have recovered and 1227 have died.
This is also the third hat trick for former Manchester United and Real Madrid player Ronaldo for the team he joined in the 2022-23 season.
Kembhavi, Thamar and R. Muthu, SPsna East and West Jaintia Hills and the Director of Arts and Cultures, Matsiewdor War Nongbri.
On the other hand, he congratulated the KHADC especially the MDC of the area, who has been able to implement this scheme.
However, despite these challenges, Team Health India has implemented this vaccination program and has been successful.
As soon as the office was found empty, the union informed the reporter and when the reporter reached the office he saw that there was no one in the office except one Barababu.
A case has been registered against them at Lumshnong PS and the investigation is ongoing.
Nepali leaders from Upper Lumpee and Lower Lumpee, led by Dombar Bahadur Bhatarai (Domare), Biju Chetri and other Nepalese leaders, also attended the event. session.
China today renamed 15 land in Arunachal Pradesh.
As the Church we accept only marriage according to the Word of God (Gen.1:27-28).
Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy has won the title of the 2nd Meghalaya Open Table Tennis Cash Prize Tournament by winning the most gold medals.
The Seng also said that the government should forget about the railway line but think first about bringing in things that will benefit the youth, such as the Government College in East Jaintia Hills, to expedite the railway line. Residential School, training center for teachers within EJHD and others.
He said the report of the government's victory should be given to the people through the party workers.
Every Christian should pray for peace in Jerusalem.
The State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday said that the allocation of ministerial posts for the BJP in the new government will be only one after the UDP and PDF supported the coalition within the country. “The BJP has decided to replace the Ministers so that both the MLAs can join the Cabinet,” said Bah Mawrie.
Once again, the JSU & JYF urges the police to arrest the CEM of JHADC Madon Bai Rymbai immediately and prosecute him according to the law so that the people can get their rights.
The group's visit was after they had checked carefully which families are entitled to receive because many of the poor families do not have the opportunity to buy clothes. This is the time when the cold once again comes through the rainy season.
The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday acquitted all four people accused of involvement in the 2008 bomb blast in Jaipur.
It is also learned that most of those who joined the UDP are from the new party, the All India Trinamool Congress.
The ECC should have invited the Pollution Board to investigate, but the MSPCB has been slow.
Shillong: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) will continue to rule the Indian government.
The voice of the people is to make the ethnic groups and Christian churches happy, easier to push for the demand for ILP, the Khasi language to be included in Article 8 of the Constitution of India, to fight against the corruption. to immediately reject the NRC, CAA, UCC and so on.
In his opinion, he said it is difficult because the turnout is very low in the MP elections compared to the Assembly elections.
It is believed that this technology will reduce the watering of vegetables and fruits and will also bring benefits from the outdoors.
The winners of the tournament in various sports will be selected to represent the state in the National Championship to be held by the United Muay Thai Association of India from 26th to 26th March. 31 January 2023 in Chennai.
The present MDA government led by the NPP party also does not want to implement the ILP. to introduce the Railway Line in Byrnihat and to pass the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, despite the opposition of the people.
However, when the EC left after a month, Bah Pohlong re-elected him in another month.
(1) The first is a supplement to end the words of the lines. (2) A brief explanation of the meanings of the lines given in the questions and (3) explanations of the meanings and the advice or teaching that the writer wants or means in the lines given in the questions.
Regarding the presence of sohkhlaw species in West Khasi Hills, sohphoh tet is one of the most common species but no one eats or uses it.
JOWAI: The Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Raid Chyrmang which includes Iongnoh and Chyrmang villages has come to an end on Tuesday amidst the festivities.
After the speech of the chief guest, 15 schools in Ri Bhoi Sepngi held a March Pass, followed by Drama, dance and song.
Jinping's visit to Russia to meet with Putin in October has sparked opposition from many and China has said that its visit to Russia is not from other countries. but it is because of his friendship with Russia.
Secondary School.
Today's match will be between Group-A, Laitlulong SC will face Umrynjah SC at 2 pm, followed by Lamlynti (Sohïong) SC vs. Mawlynrei SC will play at 4 pm at SSA Ground, Polo.
He said that even now they need to unite, one strategy and one strength to fight against this bill.
These are the ones that will stimulate economic growth.
Raising the issue in the House, the MLA said that there are places which are like treps.
They sent a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the people of the state with the hope for the peace of the indigenous people to escape the oppression of other forces. from the outside.
The All Jaintia Students' Union (JSUF) today decided to set up a forum known as the All Jaintia Sports and Games Forum (AJSGF) to discuss with the state government regarding the non-inclusion of The National Games 2022 will be held in the State.
The East Khasi Hills Social Forestry Division has informed the district authorities about the incident, according to a letter from Bah Shullai to the Principal Secretary of the department.
When asked whether he wanted to join the UDP because he wanted to join the ruling party, he said, “There has been talk of joining the government since I won but I want to show “I don't know why I'm speaking in the Assembly,” said Bah Syntar.
The semi final match between the two teams was more intense as Laitlyting Lyngkyrdem's goalkeeper received a red card before the end of the match.
He said that there are seven districts where drug users are high and these include East Khasi Hills, East and West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills. , Ri Bhoi District, West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills Districts.
But also, personally may not fall in love with the festival.
“There is no end to talking about these things, mother, because they are syrdoh to each other,” said Banisha. “I can't talk about the world but I'm talking only about my own house,” continued the mother. “It’s my mother because everything starts at home.
Ringchi, who has been trained by the coaches of the synjuk, has started her wrestling career yesterday after she won her first title. it is difficult to fight against other young women.
On the same day, the Natural Farming Block inside the Administrative and Academic Building of the College was inaugurated by Dr. Himanshu Pathak who was the chief guest.
The Assam Police have seized heroin from a place on the Assam-Tripura border in Karimganj.
We have never heard of pastors or priests marrying men or women.
Jesus, the Son of God, came in the form of us human beings.
What's the point of thinking when we die To give 50 lakh souls doesn't come back Think of us while we're still alive To get the payment and other gifts.
Jesus answered, "It is written, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.
Published by: Office of the State TB Officer, National Tuberculosis Elimination Programme, National Health Mission Shillong, Meghalaya.
Isaiah 46:10.
Speaking on the occasion, Ardent said that if the government does not issue an order to suspend the recruitment, the VPP party will announce protest programs in the coming days.
New Caledonia, which lies south of Vanuatu, is about 1,200 km east of Australia.
He said this while responding to a question whether there is a difference within the NPP because Lok Sabha MP Agatha Sangma supports the CAA in Parliament while the NPP does not support the CAA. Dr Kharlukhi recalled that the suspension of the implementation of the CAA came after the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma convened a meeting of the Chief Ministers of the region to discuss the CAA. “We are trying our best but what we need is the cooperation and support of the people of Meghalaya. to convince the ears of Delhi not to implement the CAA and this is what the NPP is trying to bring about unity and cooperation of all”.
After receiving the approval of the people of the village together with the Executive Committee of the village, the applications must be approved by the Waheh Shnong and Secretary Shnong.
Also present on the occasion were CB Syiem, former CEM of KHADC, RR Kynsai Makdoh, former CEM of KHADC, Min Makri, Chairman Umling C&RD Block, MB. Syiem, Political Secretary, Bah DD Lapang, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, Bah S. Shylla, Rangbah Shnong of Mawphru and the residents of Mawphru and surrounding villages.
Pradhan said the rights granted by the Constitution have been deprived of the OBCs and this is a bias by the state government.
The chief guest, Bah Justine Dkhar encouraged the members to walk in the path of righteousness and to work hard for the sake of the country and the nation.
After the burial of the body, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Vicky Syngkli, gave a speech to condemn the robber. The thief and the village authorities also strongly condemn this incident which is unacceptable in the society.
The universe that God created is not miserable, but good and precious.
SHILLONG: A fire broke out at Shri Mahadev Food Ltd on November 2, 2023 at about 12 noon on Lakia Road.
Only once did I ask the Minister and fortunately I wrote and cried and it was released.
He said that this time there are more people who have documents and a few people who don't have documents. “The Infiltration Check Gate has also checked, I asked these people they said that they came to check," he said.
Bah Teiborlang Pathaw has been appointed to the Land & Building Bylaws Department.
Although the order from the Governor has not been read out yet, Bah Metbah said that the government's acceptance of the order shows that it has been misled.
On 11th November 2019, the MDA Government welcomed the announcement of the President of India to remove the word Khasi-Jaintia from the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act There shall be no objection or complaint against this notice because the removal of the word “Khasi-Jaiñtia” from the BEFR 1873 violates clause (3) (a) of Article
The party hopes that these youths will work physically and spiritually for the party from next month.
“The information from the people will lead the BJP to lose its power.
In his speech, Bah Rngad praised and remembered his mother and it was the mother's legacy that encouraged him to join the party. I will dedicate myself to strengthen and expand the party in our state.
The residents of Byrnihat area, as soon as they saw the Dohkha in the river, they went to catch and catch these four species of Dohkha.
He said the UDP will have an agreement with the HSPDP and this has been done before the MLA elections and in this MDC election it will be the same.
“Ka Seng urges the Dorbar Shnongs to follow the example of Syiem Tirot Singh who protected our people,” said Bah Lumlang.
We would like to clarify again as we have tried to clarify for many years that according to the delay in the amendment of the rights of the Khasi States has been clearly stated in the Constitution of India since 26 January India and mentioned below, under the First Schedule; 2.
Shangpung Khliehmuchut, Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh and Iooksi Youth Welfare won the 3rd Division Football Tournament of the Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday. .
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Meghalaya Police has registered 42 cases of cyber crime at the Cyber ​​Crime Police Stations in the last three years alone.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 9: Leaders and members of the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS) including the President of STEDS, Bah KS Suchiang, would like to thank all the people who came to witness the The third Lukha Festival was held on the 3rd and 4th of this month at Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills District. , especially to showcase to the world the beauty of the Lukha River and the Wildlife Sanctuary in the area.
“When playing a friendly, it is always right to kick the ball without kicking anyone or without doing anything brutal which means not to allow others to score,” said Bah Ardent.
The legislators of that time decided to divide us Khasi – Jaintia 40 p.
On the other hand, he as the Rangbah Shnong has appealed to the government authorities and the community leaders to turn their attention to this family who has lost all their belongings. “The family is in dire need of assistance from the government authorities for these losses and damages caused by the sudden unexpected bomb blast,” he added.
Sarthak Golui replaced Jerry Lalrinzuala as a wing, and Suhair VP returned after being suspended for the last game.
Gas suppliers are also allowed to open under the supervision of the Dorbar Shnong, CCMT and the Incident Commander.
Bah Jemino Mawthoh said he went for testing himself after contact with people who have the disease.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Not only has Mawlynnong been the cleanest town in Asia but Mawlynnong has been able to attract people from all over the country through the good deeds of the people who live there. who live in the area and are willing to give of themselves to help others.
Speaking on this occasion, Father Hilarius said that if we choose the right, then we are law-abiding people, we earn righteousness and we build a good character for ourselves, our family, our the society in the family, in the clan, in the tribe, in the village, in the township, in the church and in the nation as a whole.
“The BJP has promised as an election issue to send Christians to Jerusalem free of charge if they come to power in Nagaland,” the report said.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the SSMP, Bah Samran Syiem said that the purpose of their visit was to remind the Minister of the demand that they have put forward since the area shall be cleansed from the iwtung.
Chugh appealed to the people of Meghalaya to look into the working methods of the Congress.
He said that as a leader he should take care of the people.
The closing ceremony was attended by Matsiewdor War Nongbri, President of the Archery Association of Meghalaya, Rama Shankar Ram, General Manager BSNL Meghalaya, Raj Kumar Giridhari Singh, Finance Officer, NEHU and others. take part in the distribution of prizes to the winners.
The Apostle Paul, when he speaks of this present age, speaks not of himself but by the revelation of the Spirit of God to him.
This will also tell us about these events that we have experienced.
In the presence of Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning as the chief guest, Bah Sunshine Kharbani Rangbah Shnong, Kong Maristella Lyngdoh President Seng Longkmie and other elders and residents of Umsning Village. .
Shillong, November 30: The Vice President of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya, George B Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the BJP has promised to appeal against the election results which the party has promised to the people of the state. The TMC will provide financial assistance of Rs 1,000 per month to women through a scheme called the MFI WE Card.
In mixed doubles, Ayan Joshi and Tanushree Das Gupta won gold, Ptihvi Dei and Sylvie Marwei won silver and bronze respectively.
Bernard had nothing to do with the assault on the children, according to the medical report.
It is to be recalled that on the 16th of July this year, there was a tragic incident in Smit, a village near Shillong, in which several people lost their lives. Three men named Yesly Mawthoh, Besly Mawthoh and Lampynshai Nongdhar were shot dead by the Menshohnoh incident on the same night. Yesly is the father of Ibajanai Nongdhar.
The Bill contains the bih nomination of candidates for mynder and 'khaitpohjar' who are also 'khiahshipun' in power, which was sent to the CEM of KHADC and it has been passed into law on On June 1, 2005, MM Jacob was born.
US President Donald Trump will speak publicly on the incident soon. The CIA has been working hard to monitor the whereabouts of the ISIS leader. in the evening, at 6.30, which is 9 pm, US time.
Applicants should not be beneficiaries of Central Government, State Government or any AICTE Sponsored Scholarships.
The dead bodies were recovered by the villagers in the presence of the police, the report said.
It is also prohibited to display flags or banners on private property without the permission of the owners. For public transport vehicles, flags or stickers are allowed only if they have been authorized by the District Election Officer or Returning Officer.
Here it was found that the reason is that the students who have studied well in the higher grades of the Khasi subject, have the ability to help in the development of the kinds of writings they have written. I am happy to help the media to start spreading new words to the readers.
The most important issue is that it would be better if the government sends tests first to all the policemen in the state, then to the doctors, nurses and then to the staff, who have to go outside to test. The State Government should have closed the villages for 10 or 12 hours and tested the people in their own villages so that they do not spread the disease elsewhere.
We also expect that there will be times when the dialogue between the ruling and opposition parties will become more intense because of the meetings.
Like other villages, the Khatar area under Laitkroh-12 C&RD village, is where the people rely on agriculture, farming, and to deliver goods to the market through vehicles and motorcycles.
He said that the meat harvested in Mawiong is different from others harvested at home by people in terms of cleanliness, because all the meat harvested at the farm has been equipped with electricity to avoid garbage.
Because the implementation of DBT will help to resolve all these issues and the payment of beneficiaries will be fair and transparent.
“The Lyiur Session of the Legislative Assembly will start on the 7th of November and the Minister of Finance will present the budget for the financial year on this opening day,” he said. said Sen in an interview with reporters.
Thousands of people from all over the villages of Nongtrai area came to witness the meeting to listen to the issues and principles of the candidate and the NPP.U. Speaking at the meeting, NPP candidate Bah Gigur Myrthong expressed his desire to work for the constituency including the full implementation of the Mawshynrut Civil Sub. Division, to establish a People's College in Mawshynrut and to improve education, to upgrade Riangdo CHC to a 100 bed Hospital, to set up PHCs across the Riangdo area, to improve roads and roads, to improve income and others.
“They have issued this notice since November 13, 2022, when tens of thousands of women have registered for this scheme," he said.
Earlier, during the Congress rule, the travel of MLAs and Ministers of the Congress government was no longer a pleasure, only to discuss party affairs which did not affect the state. that they went to Delhi just to spend their time, without any purpose.
These players include nine men, Johnnybor, Babit, Donbestar, Fivestar, Pynshngaiñ, Johnny Nongrum, Khraw, Rishan, Kisan and one woman, Genevieve.
On the other hand, KSU Nongmensong President Donbor Wahlang and General Secretary Banlumlang Syiemlieh were arrested last night.
Prestone said the Election Commission has sought clarification from the government on the Act which the government has passed to protect MLAs from being nominated. There was no discussion with the name.
Nongstoiñ: U Petalson Mawblei, 12, Nongstoiñ, has lost his life after drowning in a river in Nongrmai. in the area of ​​Mairang West Khasi Hills.
He said that during his tenure as Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, there were also memorable moments.
The Photo Studio, opposite UCO Bank, GS Road, has been temporarily closed since 1st November, due to the fact that someone infected with covid 19, entered the shop.
Referring to the celebration of the death anniversary of King Wickliffe, he said, “Until now we are not full Indians but we have been forced by guns to become Indians.
It has been announced that from now on, areas within a distance of 1 kilometer will be the hotspots and then areas within a distance of up to 10 kilometers, which are around the hot spot, will be the hotspots. These are the areas under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Agriculture, according to a statement from the Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, AH & Veterinary Department.
This comes after the players of Amlarem Govt LP School and Padu Utd won the final match held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh Jowai on Tuesday.
The incident occurred after about 200 TMC supporters played music at 8 pm.
Shillong: West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (DCA) on Saturday beat Dubleen Nengnong by 127 runs in the first leg of the tournament. Meghalaya Cricket Association U-19 Girls Inter District Tournament.
"No, no, I'll try to learn from you," he replied. So he went down to gather the plants with his father and Lydia's mother.
We must understand that no one can escape death.
The Lamphang said that the Assembly has tried to reduce the use of documents such as sending information to the members as many have agreed and accepted to receive information through the channels. nowadays such as through email and whatsapp and others.
Mamata was accompanied by AITC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee, who is on his third visit to the state.
Also present on the occasion were Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs Shakliar Warjri, MLA Mawshynrut, Bah Merthodus Dkhar and Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes.
Looking at the condition of these two rivers in Nongstoiñ, it can be seen that these rivers have become more and more polluted with the passing of the days.
“Some residents of the village have accused her of being a demon possessor. Nayan Bapti has killed the woman after several children have become ill in the village,” said a police source. .
Shillong, June 26: “From Pynthor I came back to Mawlai, the people of Mawlai still love me, I won the MDC election 2014 and I won more than all the candidates, counting the votes of all the others. “I have more than 2700 votes,” said Bah PT Sawkmie in an interview with Rupang today regarding his preparation for the MLA election 2018 from Mawlai Constituency.
“Regarding the National Highway, it is under the jurisdiction of the NHAI where it has to look after the tollgate, the construction of the road or the improvement of the highways,” he said.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has asserted that all languages ​​are national languages ​​in India.
If the people by their ballot papers show that they truly accept the Autonomous State, then these Rangbah have been able to move forward and speak boldly that the people want the Autonomous State.
A special forces of the Russian Federation led by Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu will congratulate North Korea on that day and express its gratitude to North Korea. to strengthen the cooperation in the coming days.
He said that in the past few months he has released up to Rs 100 crore for the water supply scheme but when he turned as a leader he has not heard yet but the five years are almost over.
“This has been taken to ensure that these children are free from anxieties such as family problems, educational problems, lifestyle problems and others.
Shillong: The High Level Committee (HLC) will meet again to discuss and submit its report on the issue of to test the motor.
Agatha's agreement was witnessed in the presence of her brothers Conrad Sangma and James K Sangma.
On the other hand, it’s not just what you eat that affects your health, but also how you eat.
“We don't know, a Dkhar who has just arrived for 10 days, has been able to carry daju to Iewduh because there is no rule of law,” said the CEM. will be successful.
On the day of the programme, a friendly football match was held between the Ri Bhoi Police and the youth of 20mer Pahammawlein. They explained to the people of the village about the POCSO Act.
She said that to bring back the glory of Shillong, it is necessary to have a broad vision of society.
On the change of political situation, Titos expressed his surprise that MDC from Mylliem Constituency Ronnie V. Lyngdoh who is the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of the State who is against the NPP but in the District At this time, Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh stood up and demanded that this statement of Bah Chyne should be removed from the record of the Ingdorbar. He said that Bah Chyne's statement is a personal statement to him.
Bah D.Lyngdoh once told me, “There is no one in Khasi and Jaintia who writes like you.
Required documents to be submitted: Form including EPIC Card Bank Account Details Affidavit of acceptance and compliance with the terms and conditions of the Comprehensive Plan and Scheme for Spot e-auction prepared in collaboration with the State Government and Coal India Ltd.
If you don't do this, you may end up in trouble!.
How can we say that what happened is involved in illegal trade at the border,” asked Bah Bindo.
Shillong, July 25: U Congress leader and AICC General Secretary Sanjay Nirupam on Saturday vowed to commit suicide if his demands do not reach anywhere.
Reading is continuous and ongoing, so spend some time reading your books, complete if you have assignments sent by teachers in any way.
The amount of T.114.19 crore including principal amount of T.69.89 crore and interest of T.44.30 crore will have to be paid over the next three years till 2024-2
In this regard, the author has been trying to collect detailed information for several years and found that as the education of the youth has increased rapidly, unemployment has increased. , the agriculture has declined, the income has declined, the wages of the day have declined, the trade has declined.
Mawkyrwat: The campaign for the mid-term elections in Ranikor Constituency 20 has ended today. Finally, the candidate Pius Marwein.
"Yes, that's right," he replied.
The KSU said that most of the beneficiaries are foreigners while the indigenous people are rejected and discriminated against.
Earlier, 300 people were rescued from a school, where they were beaten, chained and raped dozens of times.
When Dr Mukul Sangma stood up to join other members of the Opposition and said that the sudden departure was a protest and disapproval of what the Government is doing, Prestone said, “The Opposition has make yourself ready.
The strength of the APHLC during these years of struggle is indescribable, thousands and tens of thousands of volunteers have come forward to support the movement which started from the Khasi National. Forum Hall.
These policemen have just returned from a raid on the Maoists.
All the speakers urged the members of the kur to be united in any difficulties, to have unity of mind and to avoid religious differences so that the kur can grow and develop.
In June, Israeli troops also attacked parts of the West Bank, killing 11 people and injuring about 100 others.
The order, issued yesterday, requires that all those organizations receiving foreign assistance, including members and office bearers, must swear that they have never been involved. under the Conversion Act, from one religion to another or that they are disruptive to the peace and order in the country.
“Today's leaders do not join politics to serve the people but come to politics for their personal gain or join only to win elections," he said.
Shillong: U Bah Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga on Tuesday announced that a public meeting will be held today at the Maroda office near Mawlai Phudmawrie Square from 10 am to discuss the issue of Therefore, in this statement, all the paradoh parasnam are invited and welcomed to attend this meeting which is also the life and death of the country. the nation.
Jowai, Naitung 30: In a statement sent by the Rangbah Shnong of Mukhla Shohshrieh, he said that since the road to Wah Myntang through the Dong Snait Bridge has been opened, many of the residents from all over the country have been forced to leave their homes. Parts of Lum Jaintia and outside the district also came to enjoy the beauty of nature in these places.
Banteidor said that the MRSSA ordinance has not yet been approved and it is necessary to issue an ILP which does not exist.
After hearing the final decision of the doctor, the supporters of the doctor left the meeting with sadness and after the supporters of the doctor were protesting on the streets. Congress candidate Gabriel Wahlang along with Albinus Kharbani arrived at the scene and urged the members of the party to They will return to the party because the party has not yet expelled them.
“On the other hand, the VPP respects the Garo people as a people who have the ability to understand to understand all these things.
Encouraging young people to think outside the box is essential in this competitive world.
Speaking on the border issue, he said that over the years and in previous governments, the status quo has been that the Assam government is increasingly increasing and Meghalaya is increasingly increasing.
“We don't expel him because we want only one MLA to express our grievances in the House,” said Bah Pyndap.
At the same time, she said that the Trinamool Congress Party is a party from West Bengal and why did it come here in Meghalaya? On the other hand, she recalled that Home Minister Amit Shah when he visited Meghalaya said that the MDA government under the leadership of The NPP is a corrupt government but he has forgotten that the BJP and other parties are also involved in this government.
“The same person who has been an MLA in the Congress party for two terms (10 years) is still aware and surprised now before the 2018 elections, that the people are facing problems without the leaders.
Rohit and Tiwari scored 37 runs for six wickets but were dismissed for
"The contest against the worst candidate in the history of the presidential election has affected me a lot," Trump said.
The youth is from Shilliang Dongki Sohiong village. His other friends whom he robbed from a school are Simon Kyrsian, Johnny Kharni and Arbor Kyrsian. were between the ages of 30 to 40 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The EM in charge of the Elaka in KHADC, Bah Jambor War, on Tuesday said that he does not agree that women should be allowed to be leaders in the village, township and hima affairs. It is against the customs and traditions of the Khasi since ancient times.
The case has nothing to do with Donald Trump's arrest and other charges against him in a New York court.
Speaking on the occasion, H.Sahkhar, District Social Welfare Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the Poshan Maah has been celebrated since 2018 onwards and has been implemented in all parts of the country. one country whose objective is to eradicate malnutrition which has affected the health of women, mothers and children by emphasizing that malnutrition causes diseases that many types of anemia and others and at the same time it causes stunting in children.
Later, the neighbors came and rescued Maïanylla and had to dig a well from the other side to recover the body of Caffinia.
“He explained that all the allegations against him are groundless, but all these allegations have affected the dignity of CCORMUA and today he has decided to resign from the post of president of CCORMUA. He said that regarding the allegations against him, he has requested RTI from the MSDA office to get clarification on the allegations against him after receiving the replies. From this office, you will decide whether to appeal to the court.
He is also known as the first Khasi publisher of Rodham and the Gospel of Matthew and published them in 1842 and
It is their duty to see how the state is under the leadership of such a leader.
shim-pa-shim : which cannot be spoken without stopping.
KSU Jowai Unit President Ewanmi Phawa and Leki Richard Tyngkan General Secretary in the presence of Ladaplin Hayong President Girls' Wing have also had the opportunity to meet with Dr.E Chullet. to discuss these issues.
He said that many of the issues will continue to be addressed and if the residents continue to support the NPP party the party will continue to address many of the issues that we have started with. to make the state a Top Ten State in the next 10 years.
At the same time, he explained in detail regarding the addiction to alcoholic beverages especially drugs.
All this was done with courage and determination, without thinking of the side of the pyrla.
The championship will be for the residents and school children of West Khasi Hills District.
Jaskirat and Dippu scored 87 runs for the loss of the sixth wicket, but both were dismissed without reaching half-centuries.
At present, the state has also allocated 1426.51 kur tyngka for the full implementation in other areas which still need to be implemented.
The area also has beautiful and surprisingly beautiful crematoria such as Sohra, Mawsmai, Mawmluh Wahlong, Sohbar, Nongjri and Mawsynram.
As it was in the past, during the rainy season, it was more common to see Sohtrun in the shops during the rainy season, but as it is now, it is seen that almost all the shops put Sohtrun. There are shops on the road, which sell only to Sohtrun.
“We should no longer talk about one or the other,” said Bah Marwein.
And ye shall know that I the LORD have spoken it, and have done it, saith the LORD – Ezekiel 37:1
Dr. Mukul Sangma said the purpose of the ILP is to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state, so the government has taken other measures instead. ILP. He said the government has the Land Transfer Act to protect against the purchase of land by foreigners and the government is also preparing to implement the Tenancy Act to check who can give land. sah and iano shall not be allowed.
“I will try to advocate for the implementation of e-governance in the trade department of the district council to bring transparency and transparency in the working of this department,” he said.
Two Magistrates, Ma Lyngkor Kynjing and Ma Challam, took to the streets to distribute these leaflets.
Earlier, in his opening remarks, Vairagyachaitanya Maharaj, Deputy in Charge of the Centre, congratulated all the students and urged them to accept the teachings of Swami Vivekananda. to succeed in life and to say that man is the creator of his own destiny.
Hill State fighters from different villages in Eastern West Khasi Hills District will also be honoured at the ceremony.
He said that he has not yet been able to submit the resignation letters of the three MDCs to the CEM as he has to travel outside Shillong and will have to arrive on Tuesday. said he would almost certainly finish by Tuesday next week.
At the same time, he was reminded of some of the Articles within India which have set out some issues on how to protect and conserve the environment.
The livestock industry plays an important role in providing food for the people of the state.
It is also impossible for Hindi to become a compulsory subject.
New Delhi, Nailur 19: For the first time, the Supreme Court has decided to remove any leader involved in corruption, regardless of whether they are The Supreme Court today found that Congress leader Rasheed Masood, who is also an MP in the Rajya Sabha, has been involved in corruption and could lose his job. to your MP seat.
“On that day, when I saw that there was a fence, I stopped and asked what had happened. The answer was that the stadium had already been opened.
On the same day, the Commission also launched the new A-WEB India Election Journal.
The protest was to remind the Minister that the state government has passed a resolution to implement the ILP and to suspend the CAA in the state but the CM has not shown any signs. yet.
The Bosco Integrated Development Society (BIDS) is funded by the Child Aid Network of Germany as a mission to help children get education. These night schools of BIDS are for those children from poor families, who in the morning they go to the fields, there are also children who go to the hills to graze cattle during the day. The presence of these BIDS night schools has been a great benefit to East Jaintia Hills District in the development of education. and to bring back those children who have dropped out of school part-time, it can also be said that this mission of BIDS will help to increase the percentage of those who have dropped out of school part-time.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: U Bah Lumkamai K. Nongrum, one of the leading members of the Umroi Block Congress Committee, has resigned from his post from today. individual.
The MLA is still in the Nongstoiñ Assembly Constituency.
Victorealness is also the Congress candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Ranikor Constituency. person in health or social services.
The people are sad and the reason is because the people of the Hima have not been included in the Regional Committee of the government, that is why this has happened,” he said.
When discussing this issue, there are many and it would be too long to explain the various trainings in each line.
The workshop was held at Tympang Club Complex, Iawmusiang, Jowai in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District Bah BS Sohliya, Deputy Director Health Services (MCH&FW) and Dr. I. Gatphoh. The meeting was conducted by Dr. Handaka Suting DEIC Manager, West Jaintia Hills District.
The arrested are Kerini Khongsit, Rangbah Shnong, Asst Rangbah Shnong and Jwatbor Khongmali, Secretary.
Robert said that under these laws, foreigners must have all the necessary documents besides the ILP, that is, if they come to work they must have a Labor Permit, Work Permit and others. according to the requirements.
We have also seen the steadfastness of these party leaders that since we joined the party, although there is such a proposal from here and there, we have not turned to the right or to the left but we have stood firm to be in the party. Speaking at the welcoming ceremony of the new UDP Mylliem constituency held at Lawsohtun on Friday.
He admitted that the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016, instead of prohibiting people from entering the state, has made it easier for them to enter the state because of Article 19 of the Act. law, made it clear that Indians could not be oppressed.
He is from Damas, North Garo Hills and his body was recovered today while Niksrap who was drowned in the Simsang River is from Gondenggre, Jengjal and his body has not been recovered yet. found at all because of the drought and the excessive rise of the water.
It is therefore important to discuss and fight for the preservation of indigenous people.
In reply, Rymbui said that he too used to visit this place, where he said, “I used to visit this place (9lad), before the lockdown, when there were shops nearby. “We know that the khyndailad is a place where people are killed, but I don't see such incidents,” he said. It is not a place to transport people by bus or taxi, but it is not a place to transport people for prostitution.
“Has the Government noticed the impact of the fishing competition, which is held every Saturday, the monthly income day of the families in the villages, who have been involved in the prize money? about 50 lakh in one competition, when the entry fee is 2000 thousand to 3000 thousand.........and maybe only 10 naira of the money goes to the Government revenue,” he said.
It will also be the first time in the history of Meghalaya since it gained independence in 1972 that the opportunity has been opened for young candidates to contest in the state. The All India Trinamool Congress led by State President Charles Pyngrope and Dr Mukul Sangma, the Voice of the People Party led by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who has defected from the HSPDP Meghalaya has witnessed the Congress, BJP, National People's Party (NPP), Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and United Democratic Party (UDP). UDP, Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), People's Democratic Front (PDF), Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM), Garo National Council (GNC) and Voice of the people Party (VPP). who have decided to fight on their own without any cooperation with any party.
“It is the statement of Conrad Sangma that the people should not ignore their vote.
The MDCs who came to file their nomination papers today are Titustarwell Chyne for the post of Chief Executive Member and Pyniaid Sing Syiem for the post of Chairman. Speaking to reporters, UDA Leader Tistostarwell Chyne said that he did not see any difference in the absence of candidates.
However, the HNLC has not given any information to the media on whether the curfew, which was announced five days ago, will continue or not.
“I think this has been a lesson shown by political parties from outside the state on how to play politics.
In response, Iran experienced widespread protests last year, following the death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini, who died at the hands of police between investigation and being taken into custody.
“Until we have sent a letter to and from the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, we will not be able to say anything on this matter,” he said.
In East Khasi Hills District, 236 cases have been confirmed out of which 179 cases are BSF personnel, 5 cases from Army and 52 cases from civilians.
When asked by some of the elders of the village and talking to Bah Cyprian Langrin, he said that this youngster is also very good at playing football.
Shillong: A man named Deka Bora, 35, of Umshyrpi, Shillong, has been confirmed positive for covid-19 at the Civil Hospital, Shillong. Shillong on 02.05.2021 and passed away on
The players who have been selected for the Vijay Hazare Trophy are Amiangshu Sen, Dipu Sangma, Wallambok Nongkhlaw, Sylvester Mylliempdah, Raj Biswa, Larry Gomes Sangma, Tengchan Sangma, Aditya Singhania, Abhay Negi, Akash Chaudhary, Wallam John Lyngdoh, Swarajeet Das, Punit Singh Bisht (Professional Guest Player – BCCI approved), Ravi Teja (Professional Guest Player – BCCI approved) and to Sanjay Yadav (Professional Guest Player – BCCI approved).
According to the residents, the road has deteriorated badly, and the road has been filled with debris along the road.
In another development, the UN Human Rights Council has decided to investigate human rights violations committed by Russia in Ukraine.
In the second semi final, NEIAH, Shillong played against BBS College.
In the midst of that sorrow and grief in the nation, the power of God came to some of the elderly and young people.
Madankynsaw Mookyndeng has become the winner of the 3rd Division Football Tournament for the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The Raij Shnong or Raij Hima shall not be converted into a country or shall not be sold.
He covered 101.54 kilometers and took 19 hours and 33 minutes to complete.
Nongstoiñ, July 29: The Meghalaya government has planned to supply electricity through the RGVVY scheme funded by the central government to three villages in Langpih area including Mawdiangsnam, Umyiap. and Miangbyrkong, has been suspended since its implementation.
During the meeting with Scindia, the Prime Minister also demanded the introduction of direct flights from Agartala to Mumbai and Hyderabad and also the introduction of direct flights from Agartala to Mumbai and Hyderabad. work on planes that fly at night.
On Mawthadraishan Constituency, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that Shakliar Warjri has gone ahead to contest as the party candidate although he has not been fully confirmed as the candidate.
All these things will be accomplished, then comes the end of all “things".
However, the court also made it clear that if the plaintiff gets the job, the appointment will be after she has produced the certificate from the NIOS. 209 players have been honored in various events for the year 2022-2
Nongpoh: At the beginning of the Cherry Blossom Festival which was held at Kurkalang Square, Bhoirymbong, it was observed and witnessed that the number of people who attended the festival was low. it will be due to the interference from the snowfall, which started last night around 2 am.
