The injured were taken to Tura Civil Hospital.
He said that in the same year, Berhil Kurkalang was revoked his license by the Deputy Commissioner for violating the Excise Act The Governor also has no authority and cannot issue a license, but the state government has appealed to the Supreme Court and has ruled that the Governor cannot end, but the law will continue.
In the past, people have been shocked once the floods have flowed from Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, Lber 27: The HNYF Northern Region has hoped that the state government will clean up the three roads which have been affected by the deterioration of the roads and The union also expressed its hope after meeting with the Symbut Minister and Minister in charge of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who promised to take over the for the improvement of three roads in Ri Bhoi District.
On the 17th of this month, the opening ceremony of the Seng Khasi Festival was held at the office of the Seng Khasi in Mawkyrwat. 11 pm by the Vice President of the Seng Khasi, Bah Thwor Wartde, in the presence of the elders of the Seng Khasi. T.Kharlyngdoh, President Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District and left to conclude the prayer along with the raising of the flag at 2 pm to start the dance with the participation of the youth of the Seng Khasi. Jakrem and others.
Also Read: Meghalaya: Police have taken to the streets to distribute the leaflets they have received from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. They were distributed to the public across West Jaintia Hills and even in places of worship to explain the precautionary measures against the coronavirus.
Meanwhile, u Bah Peter said that it may be as the Chief Minister said but if the Ordinance lasts for only 10 hours, who knows how many more certificates will be sent to the authorities to prove that they are the citizens of this state.
These dates were approved at the meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) chaired by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma on Tuesday.
“We must strongly condemn the illegal actions of the Government and we must fight hard to preserve and protect the independence of the Lokayukta office.
Police are investigating whether the Rangbah Shnong has ordered the drivers not to carry the woman.
The East Garo Hills Youth Congress (MPYC) on Saturday held a district youth convention at Williamnagar. The meeting was chaired by Alphonse R Marak-Vice President. , President DCC, East Garo Hills, Andriano Marak, President, DYC and others.
So, it’s that life.
It extends its remit to include over-the-top (OTT) and digital news and current affairs programs under the IT Act, 2000 and the provisions thereof. .2.
Brolding has won twice as UDP MLA from Mawthadraishan, which was a stronghold of the HSPDP in the past.
Two vehicles, a small vehicle and a truck fell at the scene.
The woman said that they are now living in a miserable life to pay for their children's school fees, tuition fees and to provide food and drink for their children.
The aim is to fight against the BJP – a party that is accused of dividing the country by creating religious differences and inciting Hindutva and intolerance. other minorities such as Muslims or Christians.
“So there I helped to build the boat, so that it could sail in the river.
Earlier, it was reported that the woman had disappeared from her house because her house was locked.
At the time of writing, no work has been done to remove the soil from the site.
The Media Tour is aimed at opening the door to understanding various government initiatives launched in the North Eastern States of Meghalaya and Assam.
In the past few days, we have seen in some Khasi newspapers that the leader of the MDA government has been talking to the media about Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL). The factory has already died and the virus was not present inside the factory even before the outbreak of Covid-1
He said that the light that we have burned is not just a shab but let those small lights burn in the hearts of each and every one of us, so that from the legislators to the translators, the parents Fathers, religious leaders, let the light of the light shine in each and every one of them so that they can take responsibility to ensure the happiness of children throughout Meghalaya.
When reading carefully these rules of patta licensing of Sohiong, it shows that as the government is aware of the sale of kyiad pyrsi in Sohiong, some of the rules are written as follows: They shall not prevent the C.E, D.C, S.E or any Officer Excise authorized by the Government and the personnel of the Lyngdoh Sohiong to open the liquor shops or any part of the liquor shops. of them at any time.
The development of the Khasi people or any other nation does not depend on the differences between the women and the men but on the differences between the two. in morality, and also to build in wealth, so that the children (children) may follow that love given by their parents to them. in some cases, but only one source, which is the family, when the two of them get married, they don't know where that love will lead.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, who was the chief guest, said that the 'Mann Ki Baat' has strengthened the bond between the Prime Minister and the people of the country. it has encouraged them to become agents of change in the development of our country.
The reluctance of the BJP Meghalaya to condemn or condemn the persecution of Christians has something behind it, as it has also spoken out against the party leaders in Delhi.
The company that has been awarded the contract to construct the last section of the Shillong-Tamabil road is Niraj Cement Structural Limited, which is about 7.9 km long.
How will this 750 tyngka help to support the farmers? Even if the buyers buy only 5 tyngka per kilo, they sell it for 11 or 12 tyngka to the retailers in small shops.
Speaking to reporters, DIG (Eastern Range) Davis NR Marak said that there were two friends of Bah Omeka who were with him but these two have not yet been released. run away.
Speaking as the chief guest at the FOCUS program of the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA) to distribute support to farmers in Moosyiem Shangpung, Ma Coming Ymbon said the message he wants to convey is about the garbage. Jowai.
In 2014-15, all the states collected VAT from fuels of Rs 1,37,157 crore, in 2018-19 they collected Rs 2,01,265 crore and in 2019-2 The state has received Rs 2,00,247 crore.
Those who help for these purposes would be very grateful.
Should we say that we have gained independence, while we have to shed blood to demand our rights and also we have to go to the battlefield just to demand the implementation of the laws to protect the nation?
Priyanka Gandhi, in a brief reply to the media yesterday, said, "I am the daughter of Rajiv Gandhi" and said that her father, Rajiv Gandhi. , gave his life for the sake of the country and said, “I don't have anyone else whom I love more, except my father”.
Shillong: The KJCLF on Tuesday said that it has no objection to the Cherry Blossom Festival of the State Government on Sunday.
Shillong, Jymmang 2 2: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui today held talks with the Minister of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan. The XXVII Convocation of NEHU has been launched for the early release of the salaries of SSA teachers so that the government can pay them on time.
The distribution of rice is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed at 35 kilos per household per month at T 3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per month at T 3.00 per kilo. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilo per household at the wholesale price of T 11.77 per kilo and at the price of Khutia at T 12.34 per kilo.
Of these, 73 are from Kamrup (metro), 31 from Nagaon, 18 from Jorhat, five from Udalguri, two from Golaghat, two from Majuli and one each from Dhemaji and Tinsukia.
He said that the party will fight for the backwardness of the state in the last 50 years and the development projects that should be achieved.
Shillong, July 30 : Maitshaphrang Sports Cultural Club (MSP) has won the title in the football tournament organized by the Rngibah Social Sports Club and Rngibah Sports and Cultural Club on Saturday. the village of Rngibah.
It should not be taken only as a job but as the life and death of the present and future generations.
He also led the swearing-in ceremony of Viksit Bharat Sankalp at the programme.
Through a 40-run lead in the first innings, Meghalaya put Nagaland on 165 runs to win.
B.Lytan, Director International Service, Rtn.
Father Sngi suffered for 5-6 months before he passed away on Tuesday at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
Meghalaya scored 180 runs in all 50 overs.
Be citizens who know their rights and the first right is to elect rulers who will give a bright future to all your children.
He also announced that the venue of the Cherry Blossom Festival will be in Ri-Bhoi District to avoid overcrowding in the city.
Tura, Nailar 01: An elderly farmer has lost his life after being attacked by wild boars in Ri-Lum Garo.
In this speech, the KHNAM candidate said that the election of the people for KHNAM is like a sign for the future of the jaidbynriew.
“The Congress is the most corrupt party not only in this state but in the country as a whole.
Seven roads have been damaged and several schools and Anganwadi centers have been flooded.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at the Thangsning Dorbar Hall where they discussed how to generate income, employment opportunities for the youth and others from the tourism industry in the area. it is now well known for its beautiful and attractive places.
The union urges the public to search for this child wearing a black and gray sweatshirt and urges anyone who sees this child please call or massage them on phone 8575005790/ 9856522575, said a statement issued by Samla Robert S Suja General Secretary JSU Shillong Circle.
The raids were conducted in Motphran, Paltan Bazar, Mawblei, Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah Market, Mawlong Market, Urkaliar, Upper Shillong, Polo, Mawbah, Jhalupara and Upper Mawprem with the assistance of female commandos. that Meteorpower.
Sangma also spoke about the many initiatives taken by the government, and the purpose of all these is to elevate Meghalaya to higher levels so that the state becomes one of the 10 top 10 states in the country.
He said that the Hima has also summoned the contractor, Bah Tamdor Sing Nadon, whom the Hima has appointed to maintain the road.
There was a need to reduce the number of people so that there would be enough food or so that parents could send their children to school when they did not have enough children.
He said that the opening of the DTO office in Mairang will ensure that the rules and regulations of the Transport Department are followed by all the residents for the safety of drivers, passengers and all. the public.
X.The land of glory and honor,Which has been known since ancient times;Once again let us bring back,The glory that has been lost.
The Government of India should respect the resolution of the Legislative Assembly and the desire of the people of Meghalaya to get the ILP. I read it but it is a lack of political will.
“The party will look better in these constituencies.
It is worth mentioning that on the 19th of November, the leaders of the four organizations, after receiving a complaint from the people, went to inspect and found out the fact that the implementation of the The road is excessively tortuous and has not been painted according to the rules, but has been completed.
It is learned that there are 14 people living together in the house including the mother, brothers, sisters and children. and they went away, for they were afraid and afraid of the strange thing that had happened.
How happy is the soul of that man who was admitted to Shillong Hospital and was treated only by the wisdom and purity of that doctor from the north.
That is why the Word of God says, “Teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom.
Fourthly, with about 75% of the population of the state being Christians, no political parties will win here if they bring forward anti-Christian issues.
The meeting also decided to abolish the MMBS which will be implemented from June 2021 as there is another scheme of the central government known as the Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana. (PMMVY) in collaboration with the MMBS which started in July
The Chief Patron of the Games, Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of PHE, attended the inauguration ceremony. Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Abdus Saleh, Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Commissioner & Secretary Sports Department Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Director Meghalaya Police General Dr Lajja Ram Bishnoi and Secretary General of the North East Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem in his speech said that through the Mawbynna Festival, it showcases the culture, dress, dance, mastieh, rituals, language and others. other wealth that the Khasi people have to show to the world.
In the fourth match, Pommura SC beat Laitkroh SC 3-1
Rida also told him everything that had happened.
If it weren't for the intelligence of the 30 MDCs of KHADC, it would have turned into Manipur.
However, the Act of 1986 speaks only of Self Acquired Property which can be willed to sons and daughters.
Speaking to media on Monday, Bah Paul said he had met with the Minister and senior officials of Switzerland to discuss and discuss this issue during his recent visit to the country. .
“In 2022 alone, 116 cases have been registered under the Narcotic Drug Psychotropic Substances Act 1985, 234 people have been arrested, 60 vehicles have been seized, 187 mobile phones, 7.5 kg of heroin, 4000 kg of ganja, two types of tablets, one containing 12,900 tablets and one containing 29,000 tablets, 28,700 bottles of heroin,” he said.
The drama of forming a government this time in Meghalaya has turned into a very shocking and pitiful one for our ethnic parties.
It is believed that the death was caused by a fire in the heater, which was installed in the area and was on all night.
Shillong, July 12: The Umsning Parish invites and invites the Catholic Christians of Ri-Khasi Jaintia to the consecration of Deacon Boniface Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi and the Eucharistic Procession in Zone VII, Ri-Bhoi District, to 17th Short-Change-
In this regard, Amritpal Singh managed to escape from the arrest of the police and until now he has been seen around the place through CCTV cameras trying to change his appearance and dress. times, police said.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to demand that the state government should not start the implementation of the 5G mobile network in the state for the benefit of the residents. , said the General Secretary of the party, Bah Jemino Mawthoh.
“The department through various schemes has helped farmers to establish relationships with buyers from across India and abroad and recently the department has helped farmers to sell their products. The World Food Mart was held in Delhi.
Many of them have received donations through free funds.
The salary they receive is not enough.
The border between Meghalaya and Assam passes through the National Highway from Jorabad to Beltola Chariali and then turns left from Basistha Road to Barapathar.
Robert Khongriah scored the third goal for Mawlai SC in the 75th minute and the team won 2-1
Three others were killed in an earthquake in East Garo Hills last night. A bridge which is the middle road connecting South Garo Hills and Other areas have been destroyed and the residents of this area are no longer able to move to other parts of other districts.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest in her speech congratulated the management of this Training Center for being a source of assistance to the youth because in these days it is difficult for the youth to get She said that through this training, it has helped a lot to those who come to receive training from this Security Agency.
Last month, a meeting was held between party president Mallikarjuna Kharge and party leader Rahul Gandhi to discuss political issues in Jharkhand. .
The DC's announcement strongly states that the police departments are incompetent and unable to protect the people.
Speaking to media, James Sangma said the bill introduces amendments to the Housing Act introduced by the government in
After receiving a tip that the owner of the IFA Enterprise Call Centre, had come to Shillong in his Chevrolet (AS01AZ 0101) and was at the scene in Cleve Colony, police said. The Special Cell of East Khasi Hills Police raided the area at 7:30 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) is now preparing to provide land for the accommodation of land vendors in several areas to avoid overcrowding on the streets. crossroads.
The two men have already signed a social agreement between Bah Gavin and Conrad.
Mansuk Kurbah took 2 wickets for 43 runs in 4 overs for Marbisu SC. Marbisu CC failed to score 9 wickets for the loss of 9 wickets. Mansuk Kurbah scored 35 runs from 32 balls while Arnold Shadap took 4 wickets for 12 runs in 4 overs for Laitjem CC. Mebanshan Kharsati was named Player of the Match.
However, he said the party may stop in some constituencies in the election, as talks with other parties are ongoing.
“I cannot force the Indian government to select me for the Cannes Film Festival, but they have considered it carefully before selecting me,” he said.
And the Jaintia Kingdom, after the abolition of the Syiem's ​​rule in Jaintia, was named by the French as the Jynteah Hills (Non-State).
Nongstoiñ: The retiring Chief Secretary, Bah PS Thangkhiew, today held a meeting with the District and Sub-Division Administration of West Khasi Hills. District at Circuit House Nongstoiñ.
The first prize for the men's category went to Banjoplang Wanniang, second to Stephan Sohshang and third to Romio Tympuiñ.
He said even the leaders of these groups were surprised at the number of unidentified people who were not involved in the fast.
She said that this will enable her to prove herself against the charges against her in this case which has been going on for more than nine years.
He was released by the court for lack of evidence.
HC Gupta served as Secretary for two years during the Congress government before retiring in
Ranaut's explanation came after Congress leader Vijay Wadettiwar, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Maharashtra Assembly, recalled that Ranaut had earlier tweeted, She said that she is a good eater of beef and she is also the same person who got the ticket to contest the Lok Sabha elections.
It is understood that the purpose of the case is that if the agreement is implemented, if the kharmetor leave the land, then the land will have to return to the the owner, who went to the kingdom of Mylliem.
The Chief Secretary also presented the Civil Service Award to the state which is the winner of the National Civil Service Award.
The single window policy has already destroyed the environment in the State and now this is the timber industry.
What is more, the pum pum has covered not only the houses and has also entered the houses where they have difficulty in eating and drinking. pump pump.
Shillong: Mawshbuit FC on Tuesday beat Mawnianglah FC in the 3rd Division of the SSA at Polo Ground.
It is also the time for these graduates to start appearing and expressing themselves in teaching and doing what they have learned from the university and to try to work and help from the university. for people who need help from them.
In this cemetery we will bury all our hopes and aspirations to become a progressive state in all aspects.
On the other hand, Kong Ripnar Lyngdoh DC Mawkyrwat in her speech expressed her gratitude to be able to attend the opening ceremony of the nuit and meat processing plant at Phod Umkhniang. He said that to reach this day has been a long journey and it is also a great and memorable day in the history of South West Khasi Hills.
However, the debate on this topic is not new and will continue in the years to come.
The tournament, which started on the 10th and will end on the 16th of November, will feature 18 sports which will be held at different venues and stadiums.
The day was also filled with dance programs by the students, songs by the teachers and other programs to entertain the parents who came to witness and take part in the celebration.
The names of the applicants will also be published on the website of Sohra Sub-Divisional www.sohra.
He said that through the NCAP, the government will also take action to reduce the pollution by improving the roads in the EPIP area where there are many factories, to fight against the pollution of the area by protecting it. and also to take action to control the factories that produce a lot of waste.
He said that there is also an allegation that the District Council has removed the non-Christian chief executives, in which the CEM believes that this allegation is also wrong because the removal of the The CEM said that many of the Chief Executive Members are on the basis of an investigation into their complaint and the removal of them is in accordance with the rules. they do not hold to traditional religions.
We have worked closely with the Central and State Governments, the security forces to ensure the provision of all the necessary facilities for the safe return of our students and residents,” he added.
If there are tribes to come to thank God in your synod, you don't feel sorry, you don't worship him.
Shillong, Lber 05: The State Government has introduced a law to inform the government employees about their income once a year.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, while inaugurating the oxygen plant at Nazareth Hospital Shillong, said that the government has allocated T.14.04 crore for the hospitals. people.
However, as the matches from the other groups have not yet been completed, Meghalaya will have to wait for which team will play in the semi final to be held in Shillong from 11th June.
The MIPF is afraid that the entry of these vehicles will cause problems later, even if these vehicles have to follow the rules of the Health Department on the road.
Shillong: In the final round 2 of the Zone 2 match at Mendipathar, West Khasi Hills today defeated East Garo Hills. NGH has been named one of the zonal toppers and has also secured a place in the final of the Meghalaya Cricket Association's U-14 Inter District Tournament
Das also alleged that the state government under the leadership of the BJP has not been able to control or take any measures to stop the riots in the past few days.
Shillong, Lber 19: The East District Administration has conducted Culture and Drug Susceptibility Testing (C&DST) for TB patients and drug-resistant TB patients. Khasi Hills, said that it has conducted a successful anti-rabi vaccination campaign across Shillong to combat and eradicate the disease. rabies in the entire District.
There are 995 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 260 cases in East Khasi Hills including 21 cases from Armed Forces and 239 cases from civilians. In South West Khasi Hills, 281 cases including 4 Armed Forces and 277 civilians, 108 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 50 cases in East Jaintia Hills. , 142 cases including 15 Armed Forces and 127 civilians, 18 cases in South Garo Hills, 18 cases in South Garo Hills and 18 cases in East Garo Hills. 88 cases and 15 cases in North Garo Hills district.
In Nongkrem, there were 32,220 voters and 26,910 voters cast their ballots with a turnout of 83.52%.
Nongstoiñ, March 29: The New Nongstoiñ Sports Social & Cultural Club (NSLCC) on Saturday held a ceremony to honor the students of New Nongstoiñ Village who have passed the examinations in various categories.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Assam Police today arrested two suspected cow traders from Meghalaya and seized a truck carrying 28 cows.
The tournament was led by Bah Angelus Sun, Coach and Trainer of the tournament in Thailand. Thailand.
You may also think that those around you are looking down on you.
“I feel that the government should pay compensation to Bah Thabah for the wrongdoing of the relevant authorities,” Agarwal said.
PATNA: It has now been confirmed that the death toll in Bihar has not agreed with the previously announced death toll. There have been 3,951 deaths from covid-19 in the state.
“Besides, he said that they are shocked to see that now the same people who have praised Conrad and him as Prime Minister and Symbud Prime Minister since 2018, but now suddenly just after the elections they say that they are bad and make similar comments.
Another demand of the Khasi community in the district is to provide land in Silchar for the construction of hostels for the students who study in the city.
Foreign travel, metro trains, cinemas, gymnasiums, bars, seating areas, police stations, meeting places and others will remain closed. the public is still closed.
With the increase in good HDL cholesterol, many researchers have found that coconut oil may be better for blood pressure health than other types of oil.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said, “The decline in the price of this crop has affected the farmers and for that reason we will hold a meeting to discuss this issue,” she said. said.
The patients currently in the hospital include a mother and child and seven other patients,” said the doctor who had to undergo quarantine.
The Navy has left yesterday with 10 rescue boats to evacuate those affected by the floods.
Other speakers included the Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah Pynshngain, and Bah KP Pangiang, Executive Member in charge of Government Affairs.
The woman, Kong Meristila Masharing, said that since the death of her husband, she has not been able to hold her Job Card or go to work. , in which she expressed her deep sorrow over the insult to her and especially that she is a low-income person.
There was a ceremony of flowers and momentos, among others.
Regarding the announcement of the name of Bah Baiahunlang Makdoh, as the UDP candidate from Mawhati Constituency, it was after receiving the reports from the committee, which was sent to consult with the people. Mawhati Constituency, because according to the feelings of the people, they want Bah Baiahunlang Makdoh to get the ticket from the UDP to contest from Mawhati.
Brightstar Chyrmang, MDC Jowai North expressed his gratitude to the JYF and said that it is through the JYF that he has received many blessings in his life especially in shaping his future as a leader. for the sake of the country and the nation.
Many people in this area have longed for a road because it is one of the problems in traveling and bringing about economic development.
“The State Government will not allow any assistance in the area where there is a conflict,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 13: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MEC) has announced that it will not be able to use the electricity supply for 10 days. electricity is still available.
They also know what kind of plant, what kind of leaf and what kind of insect to feed on the fish.
He said that next month the party will inspect all the petrol pumps especially those owned by Khasi and demand from them to employ the villagers or the youth of the district. hi all.
U Bah Diengdoh also strongly criticized the MDC of Sohryngkham for his visit to the raid, for the sale and purchase of land. pait pela, if many of those who stir up trouble, even the khiew ja is bitter, it is like a lynraw cow, which is just beginning to appear, which is still stirring up, beware of the leaders. We must choose and trust, as a village we are sorry for the struggle of Bah Pyniaid Syiem, why doesn't he look only at the development, why doesn't he look only at the welfare,” said Bah CA Diengdoh.
As usual, it will begin with the Governor's Speech.
They said that the eviction came after nine years of eviction from the place where they used to sell clothes in Motphran near the parking lot after the government authorities demolished the bridge. I was born in Motphran in
However, we must not forget that there have been cases where even the State Government and the Autonomous District Council have expressed their desire to mine uranium.
The following are the States and the electoral votes in which the two candidates have won so far.
However, it is not yet known where the Government will relocate the garbage dump as the Marten in Mawlai Mawïong has been dumped for 85 years since 1938 and this dump is no longer suitable for disposal. trash.
It is learned that today alone, more than 350 students have returned home from Mahrashtra and India. other states of india.
New Delhi: The Ministry of Education of the Union Government has released the report on the Unified District Information System for Education (UDISE+) 2021-22 on school education in India.
Shillong: A 34-year-old man has committed suicide inside a hotel room in Shillong.
On the other hand, the BSF has denied that there has been a mass shooting by Indians against Bangladeshis, but said that it may have happened because Bangladeshis have smuggled into the Indian border during the past. in the evening with the intention of stealing or other acts of violence which prompted the Indians to shoot them only for the sake of self-defense.
These issues have already been discussed,” said Tynsong, adding that the secretary has already requested to expedite the release of the installment to various departments of the state government.
If you buy our vote, we will get a corrupt government for three years, so don't expect anything else from the MLAs you have elected.
The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, said that the EC has decided to hold a public meeting on the continuation of kilo cutting in Iewduh and other places. Even after meetings with the government authorities, District Council and also with the Syiem, the kilo cut continues until now.
HK Singh Memorial SS beat Jaintia SS 2-1 and Padu SS beat Marianhill HSS 3-0 Marianhill HSS vs HK Singh Memorial SS in the Under-17 Boys.
“Remove immediately from the MLA election 2018 such a person who has resigned part-time,” said the statement, adding that the resignation of Bah Pynshngaiñ as MLA shows that he has already decided to lose himself.
After answering the questions of the Chief Minister, the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, also congratulated and requested the government in Khasi language, to take action on the issue. this issue has been pending since 2018.
These plants are different in shape, leaves and even their seeds, but when examined, they are Japanese Miyazaki plants.
T.Dated the 7th April, 1938 in favor of communication to the Petitioners.
Speaking to media, Dr. Kharlukhi, who is also an MP of the Rajya Sabha, said it was interesting to see that some of the leaders at the meeting pointed fingers at the government.
“We hope that the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep will continue to remember and honor Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa,” said the HNLC leader. She hoped that the government would refrain from taking advantage and misusing the resignation of Bah Jyrwa but to move forward with the peace talks.
Speaking to media, Willbert said that Amit Shah's actions are an insult not only to the political parties, but also to the Cabinet Ministers and this is an insult to the state as a whole. other.
Protection is not about happiness and peace of mind.
Nongpoh: U Samla Aristone M Ryndongsngi, leader of the Hynniewtrep Life Fish & Fish Seeds Supplier Association (HLF&FSSA), on Tuesday said that if the government takes steps to strengthen the fish seeds supplier, Through the use of modern technology, the state has been able to supply fish only from within the state and no longer needs to rely on imports from other states.
He said that it is easier in Garo Hills because the land allocation system is run by the Nokma but here in Ri Khasi-Jaintia it is up to the longtrai, it is up to the private, it is up to the kur. Therefore, the government cannot do anything.
He said that 98 per cent of the works of the department have been implemented digitally to make it easier for the people and to be more efficient in the collection of revenue.
The meeting was enriched by many songs, dances and stories.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer, Jowai will hold a 'Run for Democracy' as part of the Election. for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly (MLA) 2023.
Besides, Kam ji has received a quarter of a pan main.
The State Government has not yet commented on the issue and whether it intends to abolish the taxi sharing system or whether it will continue to have many rides, as usual. big.
Its mission is to promote, encourage and promote the development of the Art and Science of Failure Analysis and to work for the promotion of failure analysis and its support. it is to identify or know the causes of inefficiencies, in order to eliminate inefficiencies in later periods.
The answer is democracy, which is the system of government that empowers the people to elect leaders from different places to the parliaments of the country or states and who will become the rulers of the country. we.
The union said that they find it difficult to pay the tax if they have to pay it all year round and therefore they immediately met with the DTO, who asked for 10 days to resolve the issue.
Before the start of the tournament, EJHDFA Executive Member Joshua Sajem in the presence of EJHDFA leaders and members James Sutnga, Welbert Nongtdu, Shining Rymbai, Shem Rymbai and Robert Biam. and the village leaders of Moolamanoh.
He also urged the central government to refrain from corruption in relation to the call for peace talks with the HNLC. HNLC leaders appeared before the peace talks between the government and the HNLC.
The semi final of the tournament will be played on 11.11.2022 between Nangbah Iawmusiang SC and Sailung Ialong at 1 pm.
In the second half, Thymmaibor Mukhim scored the first goal of the match (PFR). FA) through the net in the 63rd minute.
in /leadership/.
This incident has happened in the past few years, where there have been complaints, that the fish have died in Wah Lukha, because the wah, has bih and it is alleged that, It is because of the spill of waste from the dewbilat factories operating in Lumshnong, that the waste from the factories has been dumped into the nearby river.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today was 193.6mm, while today it was 96.2mm.
In addition, only 50 percent of the food, hardware, electrical shops including mobile shops, spare parts and clothes shops were allowed to open under the supervision of the village authorities.
The District Magistrate said that the Election Commission has issued an order to ensure that all voters have the opportunity to exercise their rights without fear or coercion. There may be people who carry a lot of money to campaign for any candidate of their choice and if such people are allowed, it may lead to disorder in this election. elections and which could lead to violence, clashes among the people and which could reach the point of disrupting the peace and order in the South West Khasi Hills District.
With perseverance and the ability to live within his means, there were signs of change in his family, he was able to support his sister to buy a computer for home use.
On arrival at Mawprem, Zacharia Sohthiang told the occupants that he had been shot and requested them to help him take him to a temporary accommodation at Mawshbuit, PS Madanryting.
The two youths who died in the sum on Saturday were Heavenly Shangpliang (22), resident of Laban and MA student at NEHU. Rymmai (23), a student of Synod College, who went to help the girl, but he too could not rescue the girl, but also lost his life.
Shillong: The Chairman of COMSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that the BJP in Meghalaya has decided to hold a public hearing to support the CAA. Meghalaya is a confused party because the BJP MLAs have said that they are against the CAA and want ILP in the state but on the other hand they have said that they want to explain to the public to support This shows that they themselves do not understand whether they are against the CAA or support the CAA.
However, according to MHIS officials, in Mawkhar, Shillong, there are still people who do not work because of this belief.
It was also found that the residents of the village on this occasion have cooperated with the state government in imposing the curfew by refusing to walk or stand outside.
“This project to dam the Wah Umngot will undermine the efforts of many youths to earn a living from tourism,” said Reachingson Kongwang.
The Israeli army said that this is not a war, nor is it on the battlefield, but it is a hostility and killing of these terrorists against the Israeli people.
The debate on the Budget Session of the State Assembly will start on the 16th of June.
The District Administration has ordered the two residents of the house to leave the house of Dr ML Deb. leave on Tuesday night to avoid any danger and injury.
Wahab, who worked with The Asian Age from 1994 to 1997, said that once in 1997, he touched her on the cheek and later on the cheek.
Shangpung Khliehmuchut scored the first goal in the last 90'+3 minutes through Banteilut Langstang.
Besides, he said that some candidates who come to contest the elections don't talk about patriotism because they don't believe in themselves because they hide themselves in the flag.
Speaking to Christian religious leaders at Vigjyan Bhavan, Delhi on 16th June 2015, Prime Minister Duh said, “My government will ensure that there will be complete freedom of expression in matters relating to religion. religion.
In this regard, the union demands that the district authorities should appoint a thorough investigation team and not just complete the procedures on this matter.
Knowledge is the beginning of freedom from the troubles of life.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: Not only the doctors who are busy in the clinics to give medicines, but also the Khasi herbalists are busy these days to give medicines.
At the time of writing, these teachers are still living in the area.
Man lives only 70 or 80 years, that is why David said, “Teach us to number our days.
According to a statement sent by JAC President O Thangkhiew and Secretary M Sangkli, on the 14th of this month, officers of the Forest Department of KHADC together with the Syiem's ​​staff including Ministers left for the They have raided Jirang area to search for stolen trees and have arrested only seven stolen trees.
“In 2018, when the government was formed, there were discussions between the BJP leaders, in which it was agreed that Sanbor Shullai, Alexander L Hek and the Prime Minister together with the Prime Minister would exchange ministers. “I don't want to interfere in this matter so I have left it to the party's decision to take a decision,” he said.
They said that the power outage has affected all the villages in the area and even those villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border and how much more at such a time when the state Regarding the power outage, Bah Centerwell Doloi, Leader of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, said that the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi Sepngi has strongly condemned this. The lack of attention by the MeECL department to provide electricity, because as it is, the people have been facing such problems, just because of the lack of attention by the MeECL department. , Bah Centerwell Doloi, said that the EE of MeECL, said that all this is due to his lack of attention, because according to the information received from the public. , said that the EE of MeECL, does not take care of the electricity supply, but is more busy in looking after his own affairs.
In the second semi final, Mylliem Lum beat Nongkseh SC 2-1
Furthermore, may his good intentions be fulfilled from time to time.
Besides, the Department of Industry has many manufacturing units within it which can sell to tourists as well as the Department of Arts and Culture has a big role to play not only to showcase the culture to others but also to showcase the culture to others. We can also do many things to improve our culture.
In Telangana, the BJP has not yet won anything and it is still a new state but it has won only a small seat.
The bedroom should be private.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has alleged that the Congress party has violated the Model Code of Conduct and has lodged a complaint with the Election Commission (EC) for not leaving the polling station even after the election. but they are still walking up and down and entering people's homes.
There will be skilled doctors for various diseases and it will start from 9 am to 3 pm.
Sunil Kumar (Greco-Roman wrestling), Abhay Singh/Anahat Singh (mixed team squash), Ram Baboo/Manu Rani (35km race walk mixed team) and Parveen Hooda (boxing women's 57kg) won gold medals. ).
God says – “I will come near unto you in judgment, I will be a witness against them that deal treacherously, against them that swear falsely, against them that despise the hireling in his wages, to the widow, and to the fatherless, that turn away the stranger from the right, and that fear me not, saith the LORD of hosts.
The Seng also requests the UHM and other political parties in Meghalaya to understand that there is no ethnic hatred, but the border incidents that happen from time to time are due to the cause. border dispute.
The lockdown will resume from 10 pm on July 17 to 5 pm on July 21 until 10 pm on July 17 until and announced something else.
He added that the first goal of the MDA-II Government will be to relocate them and the next will be to beautify the area by bringing in adequate projects.
The award winners include SD Khongwir, Rangbah Shnong of Mawdatbaki, BR Kharmujai, Rangbah of Umjaiur, Klose Khyriem, Rangbah of Mawkynroh-Umshing. Longshai Nongkhlaw and former Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Umthlong, Bah K.Mylliem.
The match was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 9: All the newly elected MDCs from the HSPDP have received their seats in the new EC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit as Chief Executive Member. that un duh share.
At the meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of the village, farmers from many neighboring villages came to listen to the explanation of the Union leaders, regarding the conservation of forests by planting trees in all the places that have been destroyed by the widespread destruction of the people.
Meranda Mukhim (Light Contact Women -65 kg) SILVER MEDAL 1.
But the Fourth Temple shall be built according to the wishes of the children of Israel, according to the custom of their fathers.
On the other hand, the DC of West Garo Hills, Sapnil Tembe, urged the youth to take advantage of this opportunity to set up jobs through the PMEGP scheme as it will not only help them to stand on their own feet but also It will also help to create jobs for others like Rikamatchi and the DC congratulates her on her success.
Director Editing is Elvest Thabah. Asst Director: Wanstar Thabah, Asst.Anthonius Thabah, Nathan Thabah.
Here in Khasiland we are rich in many kinds of seeds, because we have everything, soil, shyiap, stone, trees, water, rivers, coal, mining especially lei lei. even uranium is available.
Speaking on the manifesto, Bah Ernest said that the goal of reaching out to the people will be on the development of the country.
From this budget, 500 soh trees have been allocated for each beneficiary.
Shillong, June 28: The Executive Engineer, PHE, Greater Shillong Water Supply Division No-II, Mawphlang today announced that the water supply will be temporarily suspended due to the repair of the water pipe. The gravity main of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme at Mawngap Lumparring on 28th June,
Shillong, June 12: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday said that the demand for review and amendment of the Reservation Policy will threaten to attract the attention of the courts. The Supreme Court and the High Court have not decided on this issue.
It uses money, the media, social media, its army like the RSS and other agencies and its people work tirelessly.
The aid was sent by India via a C-17 aircraft of the Indian Air Force which will drop the aid at El-Arish airport in Egypt.
In the cultural programme, Photkroh Self Help Group came first and Tylli Ngin Ïeng Self Help Group Nongkdait-Nongtwah came second.
The meeting was conducted by former CEM of JHADC Hambertus Nongtdu in the presence of President of JHADC Balen Thubru.
After the ILP, no one will come to your state.
Therefore, the union has decided that this reduction in the fare of sumo vehicles will come into force from Monday next month, ie July 16, 2014, so that the public will know and do. The Association also requests the public to cooperate with the Association in order to improve the services of the commercial sumos which go up and down every day to the area.
The ceremony was also attended by the elders of the four villages.
The Diocese of Jowai invites you all to the ordination of Rev. Fr.Ferdinand Dkhar on the 1st March, 2023 at the Church of the Holy Spirit Parish Ummulong, at 10:00 pm 10:00 am Mystep.
“We have not taken a decision yet but after careful consideration we as the village have helped to lodge a complaint so that the victim can get justice.
The HNLC said that the police are well aware of the shortage of money in the state these days and for this reason, they earn a lot of money from the smuggling of coal and smuggled cattle.
The two teams who won today have qualified for the quarter final of the tournament organized by the EJHDFA. Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain SC will play against Paithlu SC at 12 noon followed by Lumputhoi SC vs Khliehriat West FC. The Ladnongsba Sport Club on Saturday, 7th March 2023 has opened the 1st Knockout Football Tournament
Kune Do was first introduced by Bruce Lee, the king of martial arts.
Cult leader Paul Nthenge Mackenzie has been charged with various offenses after being found guilty of false religious preaching and misleading many people by convincing them. that starvation is the way to get to heaven.
Although many of the students are willing to go to schools or educational institutions in the country, it can now be said that the number of educational institutions in the State is not less than others in the country. to bring the confidence of the young person to stand on his or her own feet.
Image by Priyam Patel from Pixabay.
of India on trade and food and beverage.
In order for it to be of benefit to the Khasi Hills as a whole, the presence of such people will also enhance the reputation of the state as a whole.
Following the complaint of the shopkeepers, the VDPs of the village took action to monitor and arrest Andrew on the same day.
The Excellence Award 2020 Ceremony has been awarded to 15 students who have passed well in various fields of study.
We are not afraid of the influence of other countries or groups.
In our opinion, it would be better to hand over the investigation to the CBI because we have been tired of seeing the movement of coal trucks especially at night without fear, without fear and without rain. rem the law.
Nongpoh, Lber 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle recently visited the bookstore at Nongpoh Market following many complaints from the parents. The district administration has taken action on this complaint and today the police have sent a letter to the DC of Ri-Bhoi District. They went to inspect and investigate from the buyers and shopkeepers who sell school books in Mawlong Market.
Also present on the occasion were MLA/MDC Bah Lambor Malngiang as the chief guest, leaders of Gorkha Durga Puja Committee, Gorkha Mahila Samiti, Gorkha Shiv Mandir Committee, Ex-Servicemen Association, Gorkha Youth Association, elders. and others.
He recalled how the Primary Schools run by the District Council are facing many problems and that is why the Legislative Assembly has decided to take over the Primary Schools because the government's goal is to education should be promoted.
The delay in completing the repairs of this bridge is due to the fact that one side of the road has already been cleared to allow vehicles to pass and when the repairs are completed, the other side of the road will be cleared.
The Chief Secretary, Secretaries and Directors discussed the work of the Health Department, Planning Department, Urban Affairs Department and Food and Civil Supply Department.
Those who wish to get treatment from the Khasi Pnar herbalists are welcome to come and meet the herbalists who are present at the exhibition.
The Christian life also teaches us that we need to be careful.
“The party in the state will not come to fight with anyone from outside the state, and it is up to the leaders of the state to decide who will be the prime ministerial candidate.
In Group D, Tura zone, Warima Youth Club will play against Selsella Sports Association at 3pm.
The Prime Minister will arrive in the state on the 27th to attend the North Eastern Council (NEC) meeting and also a public meeting at Polo.
It has also caused many problems to arrange for the travel and accommodation of the students who are preparing for the CUET examination on the thought that they will have to write the examination in nearby places.
Just as the clouds in the sky are never constant, the political climate is also very volatile.
It is worth mentioning that there was a clash between the two communities at Khanduli village, West Jaintia Hills on Friday.
There have been 133 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
Through this, Don Bosco University has awarded 984 graduates and 472 Bachelor degrees in Engineering & Technology, Arts and Basic. Sciences and 494 students have completed their master's degree in various subjects and 18 students have completed their doctoral degree.
Prestone said that a meeting will be held with the officers of the department today on this issue and said that it is necessary for the department to take care of the matter to ensure that the connectivity channels will be able to connect. I'm not sure.
The fire, which entered the roof and fell directly into the kitchen, was shown in a house in the city of Kharkiv.
Bolsonaro, struggling to win the love of the people, because in the past few months, he has lost a lot of respect, because he could not fight the coronavirus and now, he is looking for ways to bring back the love of the people, before the new elections next year.
The HYC said that in fact the HYC has already sent a letter to the shyiap owners not to send heavy vehicles to carry shyiap because it causes damage to the traffic but no one has responded. listened at all.
Finally, the union has decided to continue its protest against the registration of Aadhar number and at the same time the union has demanded that the DC should conduct the programme. The party will discuss with the leaders of the party and what decision is taken by the party. “The party stands against the infiltration of foreigners,” he added.
The incident occurred during a public meeting held by the party during a speech by its General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee in Indas.
Finally, before leaving, Panah said only to Rida, “Rida, I'm going to leave...” He said and left immediately.
They are John Wandon Nongsiej, 10, Kyrsoilang Syiemlieh, 11, Robindor Kyrsian, 12, and U.K. Medonbanshan, 12, and Adrian M Sawian, 15, were arrested.
On this issue, the union urged the MS to take action that the local patients should not lose their beds just to accommodate the foreign patients.
Before the elections, they rushed to lay the foundation stones around so I ask why you didn't lay these foundation stones in
The KAAC has angered the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli and the residents who have vowed to go down again to remove the signboard if the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills does not. to remove the signboard immediately.
Of course, they may be minor mistakes, but they create doubt/misunderstanding in the Court.
Sabit Gangbura among the Nepalis appointed Chokro Chetri to the Nepalis living in Langpih.
These synsar are exported to the whole of India due to the high demand for synsar, as synsar is not produced in other states of India except Meghalaya.
Therefore, the union requests all the students who have passed the examination to submit their Xeroxed documents such as marksheet, birth certificate, passport size one, EPIC of parents, phone number.
Bah Lamphrang recalled that although three leaders of the circle in the past months have been imprisoned for the cause of the nation but now they have come out to conduct this tournament to allow the youth and resident of New Delhi.
PSPB won the match 3-2
He also urged the DCs and SDOs to work together to ensure the proper implementation of various programs and schemes for the development of the State.
Children will also have to bring their day certificate on the day of the examination.
There will be nine teams to compete in the 1st Division, including Laikor SC, Mylliem SC, Umphyrnai SC, Mawkhar SC, Lawsohtun SC, Nongrim Hills SC and Malki SC. The team to compete in this tournament needs only 18 players and 5 officials including physio and coach.
The Central Government can loot the minerals from Meghalaya as much as it wants, the Meghalaya Police will not be investigated and Conrad Sangma will do whatever he wants, the CBI will not prosecute him. two minds.
Shillong, October 23: The soldier has not received his salary for several months and when he went to check his money through the ATM, he became angry and broke into the ATM. The CSWO led by Irene Hujon has alleged that Minister Langstieh and the Hima Mylliem have been involved in corruption with the Raid Laban Dorbar. -law.
The income of the Lyngngam in those years was so terrible that they could no longer use it.
Iran's threat came after a rocket was fired at a US military base near the US embassy in Baghdad.
“At this meeting, he also expressed his satisfaction that through the assistance of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Prime Minister, they have been able to clean up the Lad Kharang road which has caused problems to the sick and poor. part of the FOCUS scheme which many families have benefited from.
It may be recalled that in an interview with reporters earlier, Donbok, who was expelled from the KSU, said that many members have proposed and suggested to form a KSU. He said that many of the suggestions have to be considered first, and he said at that time that the KSU in Mawlai will continue to operate as an Independent Body, but only afterwards. KSU youths from different units of Mawlai have told reporters that they are on the side of the Central Body and still trust the Central Body.
The influx of foreigners into Khasi Jaintia is terrible and a source of concern for the minority community and this is also an issue that is at the forefront for all the civil society organizations to take seriously. On this basis, the civil society demands that the government should introduce the ILP or any other appropriate laws to curb the influx of foreigners.
In all these years, appointments have been made as if it were someone else's private job, relatives of those in power have been brought in and appointed, without any basis for skills, experience, ability, education level, and as applicable the occupational relevance of the study.
The new cases include 121 from East Khasi Hills, 23 from West Garo Hills, 6 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from East Jaintia Hills, 3 from South West Garo Hills and 1 from East Garo Hills. .
That is the thought of the wicked who have a strong soul without fear.
On the other hand, Bah Rowel said that the decision will be up to the MLAs of the party but for now they will wait for the news from Bah Lapang from Delhi.
Referring to the rules set by Bah Rani, Bah Lyngdoh said, “I would like to say that from the most backward village we will start development works.
“Of course there is a problem, that is in terms of the ongoing talks and we are trying to resolve it but there is no shortage of oil supply into the state, so the people should not “If there is anything like that, we will inform,” he promised.
He said that they will also set up a stage to perform at the venue to perform various musicians and singers to entertain the visitors, including the wealthy owners. village.
However, the rise of other countries and peoples from East Asia; it reminds us that it is not only the English language that can stand on the world stage.
If possible, dry laundry items in the sun.
He said that in the past, there were only 15-20 households in the village, and over time, there are now up to 60 households, and the population is about -370 people.
I have seen the speech of the United Democratic Party (UDP) who have spoken against the MoU and they should come forward to speak and not just shout from the platform,” Sangma told reporters.
Furthermore, it was learned that the cause of the death of these two men was because they did not wear helmets, as both of them sustained serious head injuries.
“The statement, signed by Kong I Mawnai, said, “The statement of the owner of the Petrol/Diesel Pump, Bah AL Hek (MLA Pynthorumkhrah) has angered many Longkmie and on this we demand. that you should immediately stop the construction of your petrol/diesel pump”.
Shillong, July 25: Three persons of the Achik National Liberation Army (ANLA) have been arrested by the Achik National Liberation Army (ANLA) at Nengkra Police Check Post, near William Nagar, East Garo Hills.
“Of course he said to repair the damage done by the former MLA and now I am ready to continue the promise of Maheh Don, to look after the pending works,” he added.
Together, they contributed 64 runs for the loss of ten wickets.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has expressed its deep sorrow that the NHAI has not been able to resolve the problem of the people who walk and stand on this highway.
Shillong, Nailur, 22: So far, 32 applicants have submitted their applications according to the SOP issued by the Government since October 5, 2021 for the issuance of coal mining licences.
Efforts have been made in all States and Union Territories to ensure preparedness.
However, what surprises me is that today it has been forced because the List of Businesses has not been conducted properly,” he said.
However, to travel from Kshaid Weinia to Kshaid Thum and to the two towns where there is no Shyiap, it takes about two hours.
Lajong will now have to prepare for another away match against Real Kashmir FC on the 16th of this month at the TRC Turf Ground, Srinasgar at 2 pm.
He also told the faithful that this is a great mystery which is to be understood, but you have to believe to understand.
Tarique Siddique scored 35 runs off 50 balls and Aditya Singhania 21 runs off 14 balls.
Bishop Victor continued by saying that Jesus urged us that if we want to draw close to Him, we must listen to the Word of God and live it in our lives.
He recalled that in 2019 and 2020, he and the Myntri Shnong Mawrap had visited this place to see and there was nothing at that time but there was only a place that had not existed before. , so with his determination he tried and created the means to develop this place in the right manner and with that purpose Bah Renikton applied for assistance through the Chief Minister's Special Rural Development Fund ( CMSRDF) about 2.50 lakh.
At the same time, the EC has approved the rules on the Acquisition of Land of KHADC which has been approved by the Governor on the rules prepared by the sub-committee under the leadership of Bah Lamphrang Blah as Chairman of the KHADC. The KHADC session has been held.
“It is true that the discussions have taken place but no decision has been taken yet but there is hope that the central government will bring about change,” he said.
When the renewal came, that New Testament after the coming of Jesus Christ the Son of God, the Heavenly Father, the worship and faith of God, changed (the renewal) that is after the coming of Jesus Christ. He who is the Savior of the world, no longer needs all those sacrifices, has sacrificed Himself to die on the cross and take away the sins of the world.
“You are my son,” agreed the Father.
On this day, tourists from within the country as well as from abroad came to witness various festivals.
The MLA also informed through the writings on the flexes placed at the ground about the work he has done for the constituency in the field of road construction. T.190,47,41,170 for 117 KM, construction worth T.8,29,60,200 for 58 projects including the Sohra Market Complex.
First: God sees and hears: Many forget to think that God sees and hears what we say and do, whether to men or to God.
The music director of the film is Albisfort Kharsyntiew and produced by T Kharsyntiew.
“We hope that in July, our wish to get the VAB of KHADC will come true,” said Dr Kharshiing.
At the time of writing, police have not arrested anyone and it has not been confirmed whether there was any rape before the murder.
And so what we're seeing now is one example of that step to make sure that there's consistency in how we operate.
For more information, please contact Bharti Karyalaya, Shillong.
The State Focus Paper (SFP) was launched by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Y Tshering today.
Speaking on the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020, he said that there is a problem to improve education and the need for funds of T.400-500 crore.
As India moves towards becoming a $5 trillion economy, the food processing industry plays a major role.
You don't dare to stand up and tell Amit Shah, the Home Minister of India, that he should spend time and talk clearly with the students.
According to the letter to the Dy CM, Jha admitted that it is surprising that the visitor visited only the CMJ University where there are many other universities run by private companies.
The captain's goal has encouraged the players of the country to play.
The students of NEHU, said that even after lodging a complaint with the NEHU authorities, against the teacher, they said that the authorities have suspended him, while on the other hand In a meeting with the Acting Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PP Shukla, they demanded that he should immediately dismiss the teacher and gave three days to the NEHU to dismiss him. The teachers, on this issue, have also submitted a letter to the Acting VC.
The Loompyrdi Iongpiah sends this message to the family members of the deceased, to the relatives and children of the deceased.
This article was posted on 22/11/2020 at the Dorbar Hall for the viewing of the residents of the village.
He said that officers from the Ministry of Agriculture , FKJGP and Warlarpih said that the purpose of the meeting was not only to ensure that the cows eat meat The price of beef should not be increased from time to time as it has been in the past.
While the food was not brought, they said this and that.
Remember, that when you read rupang.com, you will get all the news from Khasi Jaintia, the North East, India and around the world or wherever there is an incident.
In reply, Masonic scored 156 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 33.3 overs.
In the visit of the District Governor 3240, the day was also commemorated by honoring Colonel and Ram Kynjing.
I completed this under the supervision of Professor Kollipara Mohan Rao.
Desmond Tutu said: “If you do not take sides in cases of injustice, you have already chosen the side of the injustice.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law, said the statement.
At the coming of Jesus, the only begotten Son of God, it brings salvation to all who believe in Him, "For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive. 1 Corinthians 15:22.
He said that through this renewal of office bearers, the party will strengthen the Zonal Committees in the villages of different districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills for the preparation of the upcoming elections. the State Legislative Assembly will be held in
Shillong: The District Magistrate's Office of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order to enforce Section 144CrPC to ban any tax collection in all parts of the district.
“Panggniang said that the Khasi-Jaintia State will be a demand under Article 371 of the Indian Constitution as we see that the sixth article has been violated.
of Meghalaya along with Shantanu Sharma, IAS, Joint Secretary, Community & Rural Development & CEO, Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society, APD, Meghalaya Basin Development Authority, Govt.
He urged the youth to maintain good manners and to avoid bad behaviour.
On the occasion of the Diamond Jubilee, a rally was held on 9th June 2023 at the Rhino Training Complex Shillong. .
“It is true that there are still some disputes but the BJP congratulates the Chief Ministers of these two states for taking the initiative to start reconciliation talks for the sake of peace and stability between the two states. the people of both the states,” he said.
Therefore, the Union requests all the young men and women who have won medals in the tournament to come on this day to receive the awards from the Union.
He urged and encouraged the students to be hardworking and successful in their studies, because in this age, if they are rich, if they don't have a degree, they don't have a degree. true mind.
“The absence of such people in the Khaddar Government or to pass laws, is the reason why the Sengbhalang has to take to the streets to demand laws and regulations to protect the Jaidbynriew.
He also congratulated the old office bearers who have worked hard in the past years and hoped that the election of new office bearers will be a strength for the party. hi all for the purpose of winning the battle.
Jowai, Lber 28: The HiTO Laskeiñ Area under the leadership of its President Nimain Lyngdoh and members today submitted a petition to the Divisional Soil and Water Conservation Office Jowai. The office of the department at Laskeiñ village in West Jaintia Hills District has been closed for many years.
Shillong: U Bah Auguster Jyrwa, former General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) who contested the MDC election in 2019 from Jaiaw constituency, has been defeated by the KSU. The meeting was conducted by the Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Allantry F Dkhar.
As it is obvious, the farmer is not a slave to the animals because a person who still values ​​the living fish, will take care of the animals if he is willing to catch them.
Nagashima Sonata of Japan also won the gold medal in the event.
The quake struck at about 9 am on Tuesday and was about 120 kilometers north or about 74 miles from Catanduanes Island.
In Maharashtra, the State Government will collect information from all school children and teachers using Aadhaar cards, which have a single number, which is available to teachers and school children. initiative, has been effective since July 2013.
On the other hand, the Manipur Shiv Sena leaders said that the end of the soskular with the armed groups is urgently needed to restore peace and stability in Manipur.
“We are in a very difficult and dangerous moment for the good of our present and future,” he said.
“I urge the residents not to just stir up trouble, because we need peace and harmony because we have already seen the same ethnic groups elsewhere.
If you want to get more information, please contact Bah Dibit Ñianglang at Nongdaju who is an elderly man who still remembers them. 3) U Ñiangthylliew:- It is a species of disease that killed many people in Lyngngam in ancient times.
He said the government's goal is to solve the problems of the residents.
Speaking to media, Process said, “The people of Mawlai themselves have seen my hard work whether in the Constituency or in the Legislative Assembly and I hope that the people will give me their support. Please support me in
The RSS members also explained to the public on the ways and means to prevent the spread of the corona virus and also taught the public the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to stay away from crowded places and to stay safe. Cleanse your hands thoroughly and cover yourself with a clean cloth when you sneeze or sneeze.
He said the youth from Nagaland who worked and studied in Bangalore, Delhi, Mumbai, West Bengal and Gujarat have now returned to their state because they have found jobs in their own state. This is after the BJP won 12 MLAs and the seat of Symbud Myntri Rangbah in the state.
The training was conducted by Jose Marcelino Carpio from the Philippines as the instructor.
“The allocation of blocks in the area is not for the benefit of any group or political party, but for the benefit of the poor and the people of the area as a whole,” he said. concluded.
Meghalaya has two MPs in the Lok Sabha and should not be involved in Indian issues, but should be disciplined and vigilant and understand that India is not neither shall he hear the voice of these little ones.
He also urged the Project Director of MACS to conduct this public awareness in Ri-Bhoi District.
Speaking on the occasion, Eugenson said that Robertjune is a good candidate, because he used to contest in the field as a party leader but now he will contest in Parliament as an MP. We have got Robertjune Kharjahrin, he will advocate not only on the streets but in the special session to raise the issues of the people,” said Eugeneson.
Ms.Sabbineni Meghana4.
Speaking at the meeting, Dereck O.Brien, MP from AITC, said that he has spoken in the Rajya Sabha on the need for the Khasi people to recognize the Khasi language and include it in the 8th Schedule. “Have these MPs of Meghalaya spoken on this issue for the sake of the demands of the Khasi people?”.
Nongpoh: After receiving complaints from many residents, who have complained to the Seng regarding the collection of money from vehicles carrying agricultural products, vehicles carrying goods of the villagers in Ri-Bhoi The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP), has urged the District Council not to collect taxes from the indigenous people and to have a special attitude and to release them from those who as these are the tax collectors.
Speech was delivered by Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi Kitbok Ryngbai and lastly by the President of TNC SHG Nishwa Pyrtuh. not the end of the cleaning program.
The problem now is that Bah Pynshngain is still getting the majority as CEM although the Congress has been trying to overthrow him after the handshake between the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma until Bah Pynshngain has been elected as CEM. Pynshngain was suspended from the party for three years.
Perhaps that is only in the imagination of everyone because it is not known when it will happen whether it will be within these five years or whether it will take a few more years.
“I don't forget Dr. Donkupar Roy (Bam Kwai Dwar U Blei) who in 2008 said that it is better to lose a seat or constituency than to lose Bah Bindo. “I don't want to win from Malki,” he said.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Bah TW Chyne, today said that the Governor of Meghalaya has already approved the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAD-VDB) Bill. KHADC on the approval of Lat.
“The state government has prepared the answers and we will submit them to the central government,” he said.
Acts 9:20-3
Shillong, June 28: Our journalist who went to Delhi for press work had the opportunity to visit the new Meghalaya House at Vasant Vihar, New Delhi.
“This statement of Bah Ardent is wrong because as party workers, we witness that Bah LG Nongsiej did not do so because he came to our village to campaign to support the HSPDP candidate. They also decided at the meeting today to give their full support to MDC Bah LG Nongsieh and MDC Bah LG Nongsieh. Bah Morningstar Mawsor who went to support the PDF under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM on the issues of his opposition to the state government which is trying to violate the rights of Rangbah Shnong and to rule by force. MUDA is outside the Municipal.
Those containment zones where the virus (covid19) is still spreading are not allowed to enter.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03 : The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that if the state government cannot change the reservation policy, a special session should be convened and approved. Resolution to divide Meghalaya between Khasi Jaintia and Garo.
This is also a town that celebrates Christmas and New Year in a very special and beautiful way that attracts crowds from near and far, with fireworks displays in spectacular colours.
“We have to respect the Search Committee under the leadership of the Chief Secretary and we leave to the Government the members it has elected.
“In the Public Hearing held in 2011, up to 80 percent of the residents opposed the construction of the railway line in the state, where even the leaders of the Byrnihat Sports Association supported the opposition. “It is surprising that the DC of Ri Bhoi District has announced that the people welcome the railway line to the state,” said Lambok Rymbai.
Also present on the occasion were the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO), BDO, Sordar Mawdon Hima, Bah H.Skhemlon, Chief Minister of Khyrim Hima, Rangbah Shnong, health workers. Kynbat, the Sordar and others.
In the 55 kg category, Senebi Syngkli came first and Larityngkai Lawriniang came second.
The HYC has alleged that these foreigners do not have proper documents such as work permits under the Meghalaya Identification, Registration and Security Rules Shan Marweiñ, Organizing Secretary Mawlai Circle, has been appointed as the head of the Mawlai Circle.
In the girls' category, West Khasi Hills beat East Jaintia Hills 4-2 in the tie-breaker after failing to score until the end of the match.
As citizens, how can we know how to implement it?
After the six villages took the time to inform the DC, West Jaintia Hills, he decided to send the garbage to Mynkjai from 9th July
Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:
He said that the State Government is still waiting for the reply from the Central Government to take a decision on which medical college the students can continue their studies.
“We have held a meeting with the Chief Secretary where we have monitored 24×7 the relocation of trees and electricity posts,” he said. and electrical posts shall be completed before 15th June.
“The media should write down the names of those high levels and who is involved in stealing and sending 40-50 tonnes so that we can arrest them,” said Tynsong.
Also present on the occasion were the officer, Ps Dawki, the leaders of the area and the people who came to encourage the tournament so that the school can be developed.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government has announced to extend the deadline for the implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) Scheme for the distribution of 5 kilos of food items including shana, 81.35 crore poor households for five years will be implemented from 1st July,
It is not the end of it, poverty, gender, beauty, etc. are included in it as commodities.
He also captained the ICC World Test XI in 2009, 2010 and
The sha didn't fall out of the hands of Rida's mother.
Construction of the school will start in November
It is worth mentioning that the Khasi-Pnar and Karbi people have been fighting for three days since Tuesday over the ownership of the land at Lapangap.
But I had to take Daiahun with me because she was alone at home.
What has been fulfilled in these days we live in front of our eyes.
In the second half, Sanfida Nongrum scored another goal for Meghalaya but this too was returned to Bhutan through Pema Choki.
He said the office in Shangpung is ready for the relocation.
However, the public appearance of the disease in the 1980s shocked many health scientists.
Speaking to media, he said the Cabinet today after careful consideration, the government has decided to send back only 50% of the employees.
The Behdieñkhlam of the Raid Chyrmang is different from other Behdieñkhlams because it is completed before the seeds are sown, while other raijs have to gather the seeds.
The Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) after receiving a complaint from the pig farmers and traders has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District regarding the presence of some foreign traders who have imported pig seeds from The JSM has lodged a complaint with its President Wellson RD Siangshai and General Secretary S Bareh on Tuesday.
He said that his remarks on the working methods of the Executive Committee were on two issues, the first is the discrepancy in the allocation of T.133 crore which was allocated only. T.2 crore to each MDC and not less than 50% and when counted it reaches only T.46 crore to each MDC and the highest is T.87 crore.
The ARPA visited the Governor's House after the Cabinet meeting sent the approval to the Governor to appoint the Administrator in KHADC. She reminded the Governor of the letter she had sent on 10th October, which informed the Governor that he should hold a special session and hold a session. The CEM election has now elected a new leader, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The CSWO has decided to appeal against the decision of the state government to allocate land to government officials in the new Shillong city which has resulted in a loss of T.78.42 lakh.
The event was also enriched by the songs of Pulljohnstar Wanniang and Great Mercy Langte.
How can we not implement a single salonsar law for the whole country? We the citizens of Meghalaya should have thought carefully about this intention of the Central Government.
Regarding the rescue of the people who are still trapped in the crematorium, the Prime Minister said, “To help the people is the most important thing in order to ensure the protection of the residents of that we should do what we can to help them.
Isaiah 1:9.
Therefore, the union has decided to abolish the name “Civil Hospital” while the government has not been able to provide the facilities and health facilities inside the public hospital because most of the residents They have to go to Ialong Civil Hospital Jowai for treatment and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people due to the distance.
After the meeting, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the District Council has decided to invite the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima to look into the documents. documents relating to the ownership of the Hima Mylliem Metor and to provide all the requirements relating to the land and these documents and reports shall be sent to the High Level Committee (HLC) not created by the government to do what is necessary.
When asked whether there is any talk of appointing him as a minister after the resignation of the Symbud Lamphang, Bah Sanbor did not say exactly but said that the election period is only 12 months away. , and he doesn't have time to spend time here and there because he needs to meet with the people of the constituency.
Can I download the handbook from the official website.
In the years 1963-1967, the Thoh Tim, run by the Khasi Hills Archery Board, was successful not only in Shillong, Assam, but also in Meghalaya. Teer Counters in Guwahati, Dibrugarh, other cities of Assam and Calcutta (W. Bengal) book trunk calls and Teer Bookies from Shillong have gone to these cities to operate markets. It was during these times that the forecast and ending numbers appeared in the team and the forecast started to be written at 10 naya paise, 25p, 50p Re.1, R.2, 5, 10 and high dividends. and the single number remains the same for the morning and evening.
The program was inaugurated by the MLA of the constituency, Bah Gavin Mylliem.
That it is Modi who violates the rights of others, not the opposition, this is just a xerox copy and should not be explained.
Shillong, November 20: Mizoram, Nagaland and Meghalaya are the three states in the North East with the highest scores in terms of environmental protection.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Justine Dkhar, thanked God and the Pamrakmai Catholic Church for its progress. At the same time, he expressed his gratitude and respect to the forty believers, who were the founders of the Catholic faith in this village “even though they have suffered many hardships, sufferings “But through their perseverance and hard work, the church has been able to celebrate this jubilee,” said Bah Justine. He also urged the leaders of the Platinum Committee including the various Sub Committees to prepare thoroughly for the spiritual life and various preparations with the peace of God throughout this year of jubilee celebration.
The 4-day tournament will end on 5th July
Leaders and members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Domkohsam Unit together with the leaders of the Nongstoin Circle, recently visited the road, where they found that the cleaning of the road is which is tortuous to the extreme.
However, there are schools that still teach with old books.
The richness and diversity of customs and traditions of the city can be shown and told through the costumes designed by Jenjum Gadi.
He said that the villages where Islam has started to spread include Patharkhmah, New Jirang, Old Jirang, Umsohbar, Umiong, Sohkyrbam and Umkhawai. There are people from other villages who will join the religion.
The Rangbah Shnongs together with the police may verify or verify any person who is absent, according to this Act.
God will bless you and help you.
The government has said that from T.2.8 lakh health insurance coverage in 2019, the scheme has now been increased to T.5.3 lakh under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
“The people have started to turn to the party,” said Pius and therefore, it is necessary that the people should be hardworking in their work.
The market was constructed with the financial assistance of 6 lakh tyngka from the Department of Fisheries and 4 lakh tyngka from the JPC which totaled 10 lakh tyngka, which was issued on
The protest was attended by party MLAs, women, fathers and youth and even Mizo students came to sit in the square. Bah Ardent in the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat.
The husband cannot continue the work of the kthaw, because he is only a one-day marriage that has just come, he has no experience at all and he does not know when he will die.
The meeting was held at the General Executive Council of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on the 4th June 2023 at Jaïaw Shyiap Village Council Hall. Lumpyllon.
Another issue is the issue of land acquisition at the entrance gate, which the government has taken steps to resolve.
The mock drill was conducted in preparation for the earthquake by taking the example of the 1897 earthquake, especially as Meghalaya falls under the Seismic Zone – V or a place where there is no earthquake.
Modern technology has made it easier for you through video calls where you can see each other when you are not near them.
“This application process completed by the government is clean and transparent.
Shillong: Doctors of Nazareth Hospital, Shillong, have expressed their deep sorrow after hearing of the increasing incidents of shooting and killing of nurses in the country and the assault on Dr P Mukherjee in An elderly man has died of a heart attack at NRSMCH, Kolkata, West Bengal.
The number of districts has increased, the number of police stations has increased while the number of policemen is still very low.
A total of 1,41,237 samples have been tested, of which 1,36,079 have tested negative and 40,573 have returned from abroad.
It is learned that at the time of the construction of the temple, many of the workers were from the village and the most important thing is that no one opposed the construction of the temple.
KHNAM also urges the people not to believe and listen to the scientific tricks of the sheep's-skin myrsiang because we don't want the Khasi youth to be arrested without any grounds.
Besides the shortage of staff, the health center is also facing problems in electricity and water supply.
Speaking on the occasion, u Wailadmiki Shylla congratulated the Kur office bearers for organizing such a program for the youth, which is one of the ways to encourage the Kur. they are in their own education.
“It is a great blessing for me and I would like to thank the management who have elected me to be the brand ambassador of the country”, said Halen Nongtdu.
“Most of our youth have been admitted to centers outside the State this year.
Those in quarantine have been directed not to walk or stand until they have received their results and to follow the health rules.
Bah Lyngdoh expressed his concern over the remarks that “she is like a Nepali” and her dress is “like a maid”.
At the same time, he strongly criticized that the presence of Border Security Force troops guarding the bridge at Sonapyrdi is one of the reasons why vehicles park on the bridges.
The phrase 'think of the whole world, but act in your own country' does not mean anything in this excessive desire.
“The Sale Deed was signed by (L) Mozial Hoque Master.
At the same time, he said that the Rangbah Shnong Mawklot is a senior member of the Union who has been involved since its inception.
Besides the drugs, police also recovered T.28,050, two mobile phones and a new Scooty Aprilla (ML05X-5
The party urged the people of Hynniewtrep to stand united and join hands to achieve their own independent country without any conflict.
On the part of the new Waheh Chnong of Iooksi, Histokrist Pachiang, he congratulated all the residents of Iooksi who have elected him as the new Waheh Chnong of Iooksi. The Doloi of Raliang Elaka for the smooth conduct of the election of Waheh Chnong in the village.
The incidents in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam have never stopped, sometimes in Block-1 and sometimes in Block-2 “It has also created ethnic differences between the people of Meghalaya and Assam and which could lead to more violence,” said Bishnu Teron.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 1,169 in the past 24 hours, the highest number of deaths worldwide.
Other speakers included the MP Rajya Sabha, the leaders of the Waheh Shnong Union who congratulated the MLA Jowai and hoped that he will continue to work better for the development of Jowai and the district. whole.
Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat is the only college in South West Khasi Hills District but unfortunately the government has not paid attention to the needs of the students of the district.
Police also seized a Maruti Alto and a mobile phone.
The people from all over the villages as well as those from abroad are urged to stay until further notice.
The rescue operation was carried out with the assistance of the Trishakti Corps of the Indian Army and continued till Tuesday evening and all the passengers were evacuated to their homes. They have received accommodation, warm clothes, medical care and food, the army said.
Heptulla said the government will give vision to the region to develop job creation so that the people of the region can improve in income and other social activities.
The Seng calls upon all the citizens to join hands and take responsibility by not bringing in foreign workers but also to take this opportunity by turning to their citizens to help them. At the same time many of our fellow countrymen have been able to work in many different jobs and this is the reason why we should develop our fellow countrymen.
“It doesn't matter, mother, but it depends on the person whether he is small or rich or religious,” said Peter and went away. This is the kind of thing,” said the mother.
The Minister recently informed that the State needs up to 1700 million units of electricity per annum while the State can produce only 1000 to 1100 million units. The shortage of electricity is about 600-700 million units.
According to the letter, the KSU said that Muktapur village has been blocked by the BGB (Bangladesh) troops to construct the side drain of the football ground which falls within the Indian border. just look at it without arguing about this as the area is still within the border of India.
He also alleged that there is a slowdown in the examinations conducted by the MPSC and DSC. “Parents work hard to send their children to school with the money they need in the hope that they will get jobs. “When they finish their studies, but after they finish their studies, they have to buy jobs for thousands of rupees,” he said.
Puja Committees, members of Dorbar Shnongs, NGOs from the 19th Shillong South Constituency and from Shillong as a whole were also present.
With this match, Chiehruphi won the tie breaker and Chiehruphi won 4-2
These people don't think about their own race, they think only of themselves and only of the present. They don't think about the patent that will come instead of building and improving the claim. The authorities who do not own it, whether they themselves go to it, do they turn it into the District Council?
Specially, the Reservation Policy was discussed and MLA Bah Gabriel Wahlang said that it should be supported as it is an issue of the people.
Director (HQR) Shillong and including those students who have completed the training and also the students of CTI Byrnihat.
The Bio-Resources Development Center (BRDC) of the Government of Meghalaya has conducted a training to improve the quality of herbal medicine with the support of the Tribal Affairs of the Government of India under Article 275(1).
HSPDP leaders from different villages came to the meeting to show their faces and show that the news without supporters is a lie of those people who want to mislead the people.
Regarding this letter, it was said that the Liang Pyrshah has not received any word or letter from the Lamphang on this issue either.
These include EGH: 25, EJH: 03, EKH: 102, NGH: 18, RBD: 67, SGH: 05, SWGH: 08, SWKH: 47, WGH: 20, WJH: 58 and WKH:
The Headmistress of the KSU, Kong Radiancy Talang, congratulated the entire KSU from the Central Body, District, Circle and Unit. Samla Ohibait Dkhar President of Jaintia Hills District and the closing speech was delivered by the Chief Guest Samla Manly J.Nongpluh Finance Secretary Seng Kmie on the contribution of the Seng Kmie especially in the field of education as much as possible. He congratulated the school for its progress especially in the field of education.
Referring to the announcement of Pastor Basaiawmoit as the candidate of the People Candidate Forum (PCF), Bah Paul said that the party does not know anything about anything, whether it is the leaders of the government, the students and the leaders of the people. the voice of the people was taken into account before deciding on a candidate.
Nongstoiñ, November 5: “The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam have decided to resolve the border issue by 15th July at three places in West Khasi Hills, Tarabari, Gizang Reserve Forest and Hahim Sector are the most acceptable.
On the other hand, the Sale Tax Office in Jowai has not lodged any complaint with the police regarding the illegal trade, but has summoned the owner of the shop.
Marcelinho and Lucca scored two goals for Pune City in the 17th and 22nd minutes respectively.
The KSU has urged the government, MeECL to provide electricity to the entire area as the government has provided to the factories in the area which are in the midst of floods.
He said that they have a place of worship and therefore they should go to worship in the places where they should go and not inside the offices and if they are employees inside the office it is not appropriate. they shall make idols according to their own desires.
Flight AI9711 will arrive at Umroi, Shillong at 1355 hours and depart Kolkata at 1215 hours.
Animals are more intelligent than humans, but through knowledge man is more advanced in all aspects and can also improve himself and society.
Due to the lack of evidence such as video recordings, photographs and other requirements under the Electricity Act, the perpetrators were sentenced to imprisonment for up to three years. years of age, together with a fine of money.
In 2018, Lyngdoh contested the North Shillong Legislative Assembly election on the BJP ticket and lost by a few votes to the incumbent MLA Adelbert Nongrum.
Niakha told Rida. Miss shook her head and said, “I don't know what happened.
The Eastern West Khasi Hills District Fan Club Football Tournament 2023 was played on Tuesday between Mairang Blues (Chelsea) and PSG Paris Saint-Germain. Mairang Blues beat PSG Mairang 3-2 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
“This Bill has been allocated 86 percent to the indigenous people of the state and those who come forward will be able to study from this scheme,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar, 13: U Bah Granary Starfield Thangkhiew, u Bah Granary Starfield Thangkhiew, has expressed his deep sorrow over the night when a dark cloud covered his house when the State Police. Cherish Starfield Thangkhiew was shot dead on the night of 13th July,
Many MLAs, especially those in the opposition, are treated badly and receive less schemes from the government, unlike those in the Liangsynshar.
In this regard, the Congress party in Andhra Pradesh and its supporters celebrated the victory in the Telangana elections.
After him came Belshazzar the son of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon.
Earlier, the Minister also met with the Chairman and Managing Director of NTPC Gurdeep Singh.
Even the deficiency of your body decreases even your mind.
Sergio Aquero scored in the 40th minute and Lery Sane in the 72nd minute, while Roberto Firmino scored for Liverpool in the 64th minute.
In a reply filed by the government to the High Court on 17th July 2022, it was informed that after discussions and arrangements with many schools and about 82% of parents also gave the support to send their children to school by buses to be provided by the government so it was decided to start operating these buses soon.
Lily's brother told police that when he entered his brother's room, he found Lily lying on the floor with her boyfriend. pat who still held the gun in his hand.
A 13-year-old girl from China has spent all the money her parents had saved in just four months on playing games.
Before concluding the interview, Rupang asked Pelcy how she feels as a Christian who has become a BJP leader. The BJP is an anti-Christian or anti-Hindu party. Pelcy acknowledged that such allegations have been made but replied that people now even in the rural areas have “But you have seen that the Congress was a Dkhar party in West Khasi Hills when it was said that it is a Dkhar party. The BJP has no leader in Mawshynrut but has received more than 2000 votes, Mawsynran has no leader but is strong and also in other places where even a candidate has not reached but has received votes. she said again.
Here we understand that human beings have become like other gods, who possess feelings, knowledge, wisdom, understanding and so on.
In the footage, Ms Lafoe is seen stopping them from taking pictures or taking pictures, where she went to the ringers along with the child. you bat and paring from the back of your legs.
"We respect the opponents and I am confident that host Vietnam will be a strong team as well as Singapore, who are still waiting to qualify," she added.
“At the Olympics, it cannot be said that the winners of Tokyo will go to Lausanne to collect the medals after the closing ceremony,” said one of the spectators.
The Union, after careful consideration, has decided to write to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah HS Shylla to seek clarification on this issue.
The Executive Member of the Market Department of KHADC, Kong Grace M Kharpuri, on Monday said that Bah Ardent's claim that the kilo cut is no longer available when he led the KHADC. “To the farmer, if you say kilo, it means that you have cut the crops without matching the weight of the crops. “It's a kilo or half a kilo of 10 kriah or 10 bynri with the understanding of the farmers and buyers.
On the other hand, Umwang Village has expressed its gratitude to the NPP for donating tins of sopiing to the village for the families who have been severely affected by the cyclone.
He also urged the government not to set up a Primary Health Center (PHC) in Psiar which is located in the border area of ​​the state.
The second and third prizes went to Vishal Lyngdoh from Nongpoh and Balari Lyngdoh from Nongpoh.
As part of the announcement of the great deeds of this Rangbah, the Seng Khasi Kmie, has honored him, at the Seng Kut Snem celebration held on the 23rd November,
SWKH lost three wickets but won in 16.5 overs.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Government of Meghalaya on Thursday released the State Pollution Control Board (MPSCB) from the jurisdiction of the Public Health Engineering (PHE) and handed it over to the Forest and Environment Department.
The Aganwadi Center was constructed in collaboration with ICDS and MGNREGS Laskein Block and the water supply was funded only from MGNREGS 2017-1
After this, the Seng spoke to the MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, Kong Santa Mary Shylla who was also present in the Estimate Committee which witnessed the residential school.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The MSOA welcomes and welcomes the inquiry sent by the state government through Conrad K Sangma on the preparations for the Meghalaya Games
The MBoSE has decided that the Class IX examination will continue and the Board will not issue any more questions. u year but should be set by the school authorities.
Nongpoh, March 12 : The Horticure Department of Ri-Bhoi District in collaboration with the Food Processing Department of the Government of Meghalaya, today awarded 183 women from Ri-Bhoi District who have completed the training. The meeting was held at the office of the District Horticulture Officer, Nongpoh.
After several years of taking over as PO of NSS, he has received the University Award and Best Program Officer. Best NSS Unit of College at University Level.
“The department has taken all necessary measures to expedite the construction of this road within the stipulated time.
However, he admitted that there may be shortcomings especially in the social science book Class IX where prominent people of the state have been included, but there are still some who are missing and the Board will review this. if necessary.
Such a meeting will strengthen cooperation and bring about understanding and understanding of the challenges faced by the country.
He said that according to the Minimum Wage Act 1948, the government can renew or review the wage. They requested the government through the Minister, Bah Sanbor Shulai to consider increasing the salary from T510 to T650 for Unskilled from April. and T 580 to T 720 for semi skill.
The meeting was conducted by NPP President Dr. JW Dkhar in the presence of MDC Phasmon Dkhar, Lalminga Nngamlai, President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF). ), NPYF Secretary Grimlang Dkhar, Dametreyo Rymbai and other elders including women and men of the area.
From all the villages near Umsamlem, it was seen that only in Umsamlem there were police, which may have been placed to restrict the movement of the people in the village.
The country's men's junior hockey team is now well prepared to achieve its dream of taking part in this year's tournament to be held at Salalah ka Men's. Junior Asia Cup 2023; which has been open since the 23rd of this month; The final match of the tournament will be played on the 1st of next month.
Therefore, he appealed to the youth from this area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District and from other districts that if anyone wants to train themselves in these fields, he and KATCAET There are opportunities to take them to National Institutions, training centers like Jammu Kashmir, Uttarakhand, Shimla and two places in the North East, so that as young people they don't have to end up alone. in their own villages but also to rise higher because this is one of the ways for the youth to develop in employment because this training is closely related to the military.
However, on our part, we have tried to help but as the case has reached the Court it is not easy.
The team will prepare for the semi final against Kerala on Tuesday at 9 pm.
However, the speech of Bah SK Sunn, MLA Mawphlang constituency in the Assembly to bring the international border issue before the Chief Minister at Muktapur has encouraged the people living on the Bangladesh border, especially the residents of Muktapur.
Regarding the incident, the youth, who felt that he had been treated unfairly, went to the police station for clarification, but the police officers, refused to let him go. but those who have been named are still old enough for the Reserve Category of Khasi and Jaintia.
It can be said that even among the villages in the War Jaintia area, the traditional food of the Nongtalang may differ from that of the Padu, Satpator or Amwi areas.
The Central Government wants to connect Meghalaya by a 22 km road to Byrnhhat from Tetelia and also to Shillong.
A private mission on the International Space Station will cost a minimum of about $35,000 per night.
Therefore, the Association requests everyone to support this arrangement due to the coincidence of the 38th State Championship which was held recently in Nongtoiñ.
Mawkyrwat, November 30: As part of the celebration of 'Swachhata Hi Seva' which is a program to protect and preserve drinking water, the office of the Executive Engineer (EE) of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Mawkyrwat. Division, South West Khasi Hills District today conducted a Cleaning Drive Water.
This decision was taken at the party meeting held on 16th July in Nongpoh.
Rakkam said that one of the problems in upgrading the roads to the highways is to get land because the land is owned by the private sector.
One of them was Mr. Albert Lyngwa.
“It is the responsibility of all to work together for the party instead of criticizing unnecessary or unfounded actions and to reverse the actions of BJP members who do not agree or think wrongly regarding the party. Both the members of West Jaintia and East Jaintia Hills Districts express our full support to the work and leadership of BJP State President Ernest Mawrie,” said Bah Lakhon. .
If the government withdraws from the agreement with GVK, it means that many of the employees working under EMRI 108, They will lose their jobs to serve the people in death, life, birth, accidents, injuries and so on. The government's payment to GVK has reached Rs 8 crore per annum, according to the president of MEMRIWU. I don't want to serve the people, I don't have anything to do with the companies, all the Ministers and Officers, or the people are our Dohlun, I don't know, it's something I don't like. If you have any foreign companies that have come to MEGHALAYA, please think about their work. You are the people of Khasi Hills especially those who are under the shatri of EMRI
He said the deadline for submission of entries is on or before 23rd November by 2 pm.
This move will take forward the efforts of the Government of India to maintain peace and stability in Manipur.
There have been arrangements to pay and electricity has been restored in many cases, but as of November 2012, MeECL's electricity bill to JUD has reached T.9.91 crore. including the old currency, which is Rs 5.04 crore.
The incident happened at Nongbah West Jaintia Hills District on 13th July 2015 at 9:00 pm when Bin, started to threaten Ram and threw him from his foot to the road. Ram had opened the same shop, after which Bin started bombing and tied him from parts of his head in which Ram was injured. until he had to be taken to the hospital.
At the same time, the SP urged the public not to give out their Aadhaar Number or any other information about themselves, without knowing exactly who is calling or asking face to face.
At the same time, Lanong, Lanong, said that he does not agree with the statement today, in which Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that if the It is the duty of those who suffer to appeal to the Court.
Shirup is the law of God, I have chosen you to walk in the way of righteousness; How tylle phasi has been shown to me, For the sake of the country.
These tngaw have been born since 2020 near the Myntdu River and have spread to residential areas in Jowai.
P.H.E, the runners up, won a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka.
This was announced by BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh in an interview today.
Regarding the Myrjoh clan, because it had a part in conspiring with the Nongbri to take over the lands of the Syiem, after the Lapateng learned that he had killed these ksew, she killed this clan. “This tribe, this kur will die in the Khla, the thlen in the tree, the siej in the pyrthat, in the water, in the thliew, if they stay in this Raid Nongbri, then this kur Myrjoh has left and fled from the Raid Nongbri, until now they have never come up in this Raid.
In a statement, the General Secretary of KSU Narpuh Circle, Sanatomba Bamon, said that the KSU Narpuh Circle also demands that the NHAI and GR Infra should build properly the heavy drainage systems in the area. both sides of the road should be built of proper, clean roads so that the rainwater does not fall on the road.
Everything is the same.
On this occasion, the EM Elaka said that the EC will look into whether it is necessary to issue a notice so that it will not conflict with the provisions of the Clan Bill.
He said that their ability to accomplish all the tasks and provide everything is only due to the working together as a team under the leadership of the Prime Minister as the top leader.
“In this article I will talk about these...”1
Speaking on how the work of women in various Self Help Groups has empowered them in terms of income, which has improved their health, the Minister said, “The relationship between health and “Health and income can be measured through discrimination on health issues such as mortality, infant mortality and others,” he said.
He urged the people of Sohiong constituency to give their full support to the RDA candidate in the MP election to be held on the 19th of this month.
Admitting that they have lost some villages in the demarcation, Bah Bajop said that there are many reasons which the people do not know.
The Word of God says – “Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power for his sake. rule until he has put all his enemies under his feet.
Besides the Minister of DCA, it was also noticed that the MLA of Mawphlang who is the owner of the constituency did not attend the festival.
The chief priests and the Pharisees went unto Pilate, and said unto him, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again. secure the tomb for three days lest his disciples come by night and steal him away and tell the people “he is risen from the dead”.
“This is no longer a one-time incident but it has become too much opposition to Christians and pastors.
The Rotary Club Jowai, which has celebrated its 25th anniversary of service in Jaintia Hills, has renewed its office bearers for the term 2020-2
The High Court's order came after the court heard four cases against the Assam government filed by Ajit Kumar Bhuyan, Bonoshri Gogoi and others.
Let us throw away the stain, and let us cut off the branch; with symbols we will choose to improve education.
Two other candidates who have joined the BJP at the party headquarters in New Delhi include Himalaya M Shangpliang of the Trinamool Congress and Samuel Sangma of the Trinamool Congress. personally in the 2018 election.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Indo-Bangla Friendship Bus has arrived in Shillong today from Dhaka to Guwahati.
He said that tourism is a good opportunity to develop in order to create jobs as it will also reduce the influx of people from the rural areas to the urban areas and also if it can provide jobs to the people of the state. .
The blood donors were honored by the Catholic Youth Association, Mihmyntdu and the Ai Jingim Voluntary Blood Donors Organization (AJVBDO) at a function held at RC EVE Secondary School, Mihmyntdu.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla said, “We have to live with the COVID-19 pandemic, but we must be thoughtful in whatever we do so that we can meet the needs of our families. .
The Karbi Cultural Society invites all the Karbi people in Ri-Bhoi to come and witness the two day programme.
During the programme, the Union Minister also inaugurated the MPHETA at IIPH, Shillong in the presence of the Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare. Dr Bharati Pravin Pawar and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh.
“Even if the KJBWA will not buy cows from the market, it will be open and those who want to buy and those who don't want will not be forced,” said Minister Kharbuki.
“It has been more than a year since the government talked about this issue, but it has not done anything yet,” said Nongrum.
The behavior of parents in the countryside is a poison that they themselves give to their children to become stupid.
The truck was taken to Lumshnong Police Station on suspicion of carrying illegal items. After a search in the presence of independent witnesses and the Additional Superintendent of Police, Bah Jason Myrom MPS, the truck was found dead. 150 bottles of Phensedyl containing 44,900 100ml bottles of illegally counted phensedyl.
“We are not against the Roster System but it should be suspended until the Reservation Policy is reviewed because we have a problem with this policy and not with the roster system,” said Ardent.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 463 new cases have been confirmed and 4496 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The kingdom of Judah and the city of Jerusalem became a desolate and lifeless wilderness.
In the midst of this clash, the police without warning opened fire on the ethnic groups which resulted in 10 ethnic groups being injured and five of them being shot dead.
He said that our people earn only T.150 or T.100 per day from the 100 days NREGs bill while foreigners earn up to T.5,000 per day which means T.500 tyngka. for one truck and for 10 trucks is T.5 thousand tyngka.
Through this flood incident, many houses in the village, which have been affected and also the tourists have also been severely affected.
And I promise this family that I will investigate and ask what happened,” she said.
FASTOM Spokesperson Mayborn Lyngdoh said that in previous years, the budget was more than Rs 15,000 crore, but their salaries have been increased by 100%.
In the first half, Lawsohtun beat Nongthymmai 1-0 in the first half without scoring a goal.
The march will start from the SDO (civil) office gate to Ladjaplem and end at the SDO (civil) Amlarem office gate.
The KSU said that these 12 areas, which are in dispute, are mostly in Karbi Anglong District.
He urged Larisa to continue to work hard for such positions. She said that the goal of education is to shape a better life. We must also have the spirit of love for the country and the nation and set a goal how to shape the future of our Khasi nation and live a good life.
The opening ceremony was attended by Ma Vincent Pala as the chief guest, Bah Donkupar Sumer, MDC Umsning Constituency, Archbishops of Ri Bhoi Synod, Rev. BR Pamshong, Rev. LS Nongphlang, Rev. P. Mawnai, Rev. FW Shadap, Rev. K.E Rympeit, Tymmen Basan, Elders of the area and Elders of the Presbyterian Church of Ri Bhoi Synod .
He also urged the contractors and traders to try to open accounts at other ATMs and to apply for Automated Teller Machine (ATM) Cards so that they can avoid contact with the public. Most of the accounts in the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB) are for 100 days employees or Job Card Holders.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 15: The UHM (UHM) led by Samla Moonstar Nongrem President and Samla Bishar Rekon Thabah General Secretary, has received a complaint from the residents of Dombah, Dommawlieh village in Mawthadraishan district. Block and Constituency on the deterioration of the road from Pariong to Rngisawlia and Pariong to Kynshi. beyond the border, where large stones have appeared and there are also places that have turned into Dohkha ponds.
Officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare have expected that this dream will come true especially after the allocation of T.1000 crore for the setting up of Medical Colleges in each state. in one district.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the DC, Samla John Fisher Nongsiang said that according to the reply of the DC, these factories have received permission from the single. window agency.
Many of those who have just died, have turned away from this time.
If I don't want to take this vaccine to protect myself from this disease, no one can force me.
Shortly after, Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie came to the scene to talk to the farmers.
KSU Vice President Frederick Kharmawphlang announced the strike on Tuesday after a meeting was held at an unknown location last night.
The government's action to curb the illegal entry of mynder is only an attempt to mislead the people, because until now the state government has not been able to stop the illegal entry of foreigners. KHNAM, in a statement, demands an ILP Act which will not allow the entry of mynder.
The incident happened at Nongmynsong at 3 pm when the driver of the bus was parked along the road and went to lunch.
A short program was also held at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh in the presence of Alpius Dkhar, Vice President of VBDO, Dr. Tariang. from Blood Bank Nongpoh, TULBA leaders including Samla Mebariskhem Thabah President, Peace Maker Makri Vice President, Habamut Lyngdoh Secretary and others.
The above is exactly as stated in the provisions of the Act.
Health and Family Welfare Department guidelines: Keep a distance of at least 10 meters from each other.
“Our leader, former Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, has left the state in great sorrow.
Johney Syiemlieh, President of BJYM Meghalaya, has been confirmed as the President of the BJP. be the Chief Guest to confirm the office bearers from the President and other positions.
A wreath laying ceremony was held at the cemetery and a memorial service was held by the Church.
According to the students, on the 26th of this month, the Professor had raped a student from the History Department. the professor with demands to resign from his post.
The Jubilee celebration was opened by the President, Bah Taining Dkhar Ngapkynta along with the Rangbah Kur, Longkmie and Executive Members of the Seng.
There are 18 cases in East Garo Hills, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 152 cases in East Khasi Hills. , Mawpat Cluster 3, Mawroh Cluster 3, Mawryngkneng Cluster 10, Nongmynsong Cluster 3, Sohiong Cluster 9, Sohra Cluster 18, Thembasuk Cluster 3, Umlyngka Cluster 6, Umpling Cluster
They are not afraid even when they see a flaming fire before their eyes, because they believe that the God they serve can deliver them even from the flames of fire.
Bishar Rekon Thabah said why the villages of Urkhli and Mawmluh have been banned from using the drinking water they draw from the quarry.
Therefore, I cannot avoid the need for vehicles (TRANSPORTATION) which are a great blessing to all of us human beings to fulfill our duties on time.
After making his debut as a freelancer against Mexican club Cruz Azul, the former PSG player scored his first goal in the 94th minute.
The Church of Rome began its first Christmas celebration on December 25, 336 AD in the 4th Century under the rule of Emperor Constantine.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: After two years of suspension of the sports tournament of various schools in Ri Bhoi District due to Covid-19, the office of the District Sports Officer Ri Bhoi District this year has taken the initiative to hold the tournament again. The District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 was held today at the NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium.
Replying to a question whether there are any players who are skilled and experienced in the team, Yadav said that as a team it is not inferior. The captain of the team, Diphu Sangma, who has also led the Duleep Trophy, and the presence of such players, will always open up the opportunity for the market to buy and sell players. The IPL tournament will also be opened soon.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: The UDP Youth Wing, Ri-Bhoi District in collaboration with the UDP State Wing in collaboration with the UDP State Wing will hold a Friendly football match between UDP MLAs and MDCs against Union of Rangbah Shnong Nongpoh Area on the 10th of this month from 1 pm followed by a training program on the dangers of drugs at NSCA Ground. Understanding.
According to Bah Syiem, the increase in revenue is to assist the Council in carrying out its daily activities.
These are the facts, which are necessary and which have been done to all those who have been complained to the police and the anonymity, on the rule of the pandemic, will show that the government, wants to threaten only words, without If so, it will not be useful to issue daily rules, such as wearing masks, fines for those who do not wear masks, social distancing. and the restriction of working in offices, which has affected the welfare of many churches or in other words, that when there are rules, the deceased is the foolish and the poor, while the rich and the noble, are rich and prosperous.
“The Meghalaya TMC will fulfill in this election the demands and aspirations of the people of the state on the need for change,” he added.
Other KSU leaders urged the people to be vigilant against the entry of foreigners and the Dorbar Shnong should be vigilant to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the villages. .
It is learned that there have been discussions to deploy police force in the area to prevent any riots and at the same time to maintain peace and order in the area. area, because as it is now, the people living in this area, whether they are Khasi or other ethnic groups, are living in fear and anxiety.
“I don't know, I haven't received any information but it may be because there are problems here and there,” he said.
The allegation from many is against drug users regarding the increase in the number of thieves because they have to earn money to buy the drug which they have become addicted to.
Teams are requested to clean the Dressing Rooms as well as the Substitute Benches.
Lamphrang, who was released from jail on 14th July after being arrested by the police on 3rd November, said HANM will take a decision on how to proceed against Susan and her sister. Speaking to reporters, Bah Lamphrang said that on November 23 last year, Susan Nongrum, also known as Aidalin, took T. wash u.
Therefore, to find out the reasons on the part of the party, they have to conduct a thorough investigation and consultation with the party leaders to find out the root causes.
Through the EPP, 14,500 children have come to showcase their skills across the state and out of these, 200 have been selected for the EPP. players are currently on a year-long program split into two phases that includes training sessions given by coaches and also weekly supervision to check the skills they have.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah HS Shylla said, “You have seen how the meeting convened by the MLA (Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit) of the HSPDP was held yesterday.
The NPP will not support the Railway because it does not want to lose the vote of the people who are against the Railway, which their leaders have already made it clear that they will not accept. The NPP has once again made it clear that it has strongly opposed the Central Government on the ban on Railways. the way we dig and gather coal.
These have been successful, continued and will be continued in the future.
The students who took part in this day, had the opportunity to ask many questions from the speakers regarding the preparation for the Civil Services examination and others.
Eight deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills District, 07 from West Khasi Hills and 01 from West Jaintia Hills.
When inquiring for more information, it was learned that the animal was on the side of the road and probably in search of food. tell that it is a very large beast, whose height is greater than that of a man.
U Bah Marshall Marweiñ, 30 years old and father of two daughters, was trapped alive in a niut on Saturday while he was cleaning the market.
This overloading of trucks can cause stones to fall on the road which can cause blood injuries and tragic incidents.
Because of the widespread deforestation and widespread deforestation, the forests have been destroyed.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and other dignitaries who witnessed the ceremony.
The Bureau has conducted press tours in various states to help journalists see for themselves the development works being implemented in the country and help them to report on key policies of the government.
Sports Secretary – Eban Chyrmang
Croatia beat Japan 3-1 on penalties at the World Cup in Qatar on Saturday.
Dr Mukul said that if their campaign has the intention of creating misunderstanding among the people, it will be taken as a crime.
Even after the establishment of the District Councils of the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts, the people here still have Patta documents or land titles within the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District Councils. I.
The decline in India's income is estimated to have fallen to 6.5 percent of GDP, which has surprised South Asian countries, as India has always been considered a country. which is very evident, especially in the 1990s, when it grew to 8 percent of the economy per year.
Gogoi was first admitted to hospital on 26th July 2020 for covid
Meals: 07:00 pm to 11:0
The meeting unanimously expressed that in order to fight crime, all the village headmen should have unity not only to work with the law enforcement agencies and to provide volunteers in the villages. , not only to teach their children well and to call the youth who have gone astray to turn to the right path.
He also urged the public to follow the guidelines of the health department and the government.
Prestone said the task of addressing the traffic jam in Shillong will be a difficult task for the State Government.
The diocese has nothing to do with this.
According to sources, the SDO has explained to the Chief Executive Members that he will not register foreigners in the Sub-Division, but will go to manla villages to verify. that a person shall not be able to vote.
We have followed the wind, there are only a few who have taken the time to think about their personal lives, society and the country and the nation as a whole.
It is also prohibited to erect, hang any flags, posters, hoardings, banners and others on private property without the written permission of the owners of the houses or land owners and also from the office of the u District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District.
“It is worth mentioning that all those people who have been prepared by the Block Development Office and self-help groups have benefited from health facilities through this health camp,” said Dr Helen J Uriah, Maternal and Child Health Camp. Government departments, research institutions, universities, private sector, non-governmental organizations, financial institutions and others have joined hands to achieve this good goal.
The Government should expedite this work to ensure that these border policemen will be brought to jail soon.
In this regard, the Special Investigation Unit of the Kashmir Police conducted a raid in Kakapora area of ​​Pulwama district of South Kashmir.
Bah Basaïawmoit said the meeting was to explain the principles of the VPP and the recruitment of members to the party.
John 5:29.
For more information, please contact the office at scholarshipregn@gmail.com.
According to a statement from the Sordar of Mawroh Village, Bah PT Sohshang, since the beginning of 2016, the woman has refused to submit the census, when she came to request from government offices and in the It was until the Dorbar Shnong held on 10th June 2016 that the Dorbar requested and sent a clear letter from the woman so that the Dorbar Shnong could understand. to those parts that no longer work.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government is ready to receive the people of Meghalaya who live in different parts of the North East. they shall return to their own land.
The Karbi also, after the opposition of the residents of Khanduli, has banned the cultivation of Pnars in the areas where there are many Karbi.
He said that there are Enforcement officers, who have never contested the District Selection Committee examination, but they have been given full time jobs, through the arrangements within the Government department and He said that there was no announcement for the recruitment and therefore the appointment was made with the approval of those in charge of the transport department.
All the meetings were held in Delhi.
“I cannot speak of the suffering of the people of the Constituency during the outbreak of the disease.
All the political parties in Punjab have agreed that the state will not allow even one drop of water to go or be distributed to other states.
According to information received, this happened on Tuesday at 11:00 pm while these children were walking along the NH
Constantine said that Lapang gives the reason that he is old and that is true, but at the same time, he understands that he will not win anymore if he continues to fight again. At the same time, even if he wins, the Congress party will not come to power.
“However, it has been said that the work will not start until funds are allocated for the scheme,” he said.
This action of these trucks will cause danger to the people of this area.
Regarding the markets, I am surprised that the markets of our Khasi people are disappearing! Why does the government forget and neglect the markets that support the livelihood of our Khasi people who live in agriculture in the rural areas? Why does our government spend so much money only in cities like Shillong, Tura, Nongstoiñ, Jowai?
Speaking to media on October 3, Conrad said he had received information from Delhi that Prime Minister Narendra Modi wanted to be in the state on the day of swearing-in ceremony. new government in the state.
Often children learn better and faster than teachers too.
The source said that the body of the victim was identified as Sebida Kharbani, 19, from Mawïawet. to the elders.
The Delhi High Court today rejected the bail application of Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Satyendar Jain in connection with the money laundering case filed by the Enforcement Directorate (ED). ).
At the inauguration of the water treatment plants in Pdengshnong, the BDO praised the VEC for being responsible for the future generation by teaching them to manage and maintain water and water sources.
On the last day, Bah Staising Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools was the chief guest in the presence of teachers, students and parents.
Police of Khliehriat Police Station together with ANTF East Jaintia Hills District immediately conducted a search operation and arrested Hussain.
He said that these orders will come into force immediately until further notice.
On the 15th, there was also a science exhibition, where the children who participated explained in detail the models they brought.
He said that if other states like Mizoram and Nagaland can implement the ILP, there is no problem in implementing it in this state as well.
According to the Bible, there were several occasions when Jesus spoke privately to people about everlasting life.
According to records from the police department, there were 72 murders in 2022 in a state while 46 attempted murders or suicides were reported.
Assam, Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh have the highest proportion of children with stunting at 32.1%.
In order to transport it far away, it must be harvested before it is ripe.
Investigation has revealed that the robbers have fled to Guwahati.
At the same time, they warned against throwing plastic in the river as it can affect the fish in the river.
The number of cases in Bangladesh has risen to 22,268 with 1,273 new cases in the past 24 hours.
The new MDCs were sworn in before the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Khliehriat, today 12th June 2024, has issued a public announcement on the new price of SK Oil.
She also urged the teachers to serve and not to work only for the sake of getting jobs to prevent the billions of people from leaving the area.
This FAITH in God through that RELIGION, found in the world, is the source of life for mankind.
It may be recalled that during the meeting, the leaders of the party said that they will start the first phase of the strike this month, but it is understood that they will not start this month because they want to The meeting will be held by the leaders of the party on Saturday.
And complete health is essential for a long and strong life.
Memory Priest (para) Shri.Helpme Priest (para) Smt.
Even though it is the Dorbar Hall of the Khasi Hima, there will be ideas that we should have our own state, and include the Garo.
About 1,000 primary schools for girls have been closed in the past five years in Gujarat, although the total number of primary schools has increased from 44,545 to 45,0 The Socio Economic Review Report 2021-'22 was presented in the House in the past few days.
Bani said that the Union is surprised that the State Government through the Director of Education Shillong, has ordered the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer, Nongstoin to hand over all the schools. School works, this area to South West Khasi Hills, since June 2016; However, the office of the SDSEO Mawkyrwat has not been able to do anything.
“If you are accused, you should stand up and pass laws against the illegal entry of foreigners. “It's a good idea to have foreigners to enter the district council areas,” said the Sohra MDC who received support from Bah Embhah Syiemlieh MDC Mawlai, Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC Mylliem and Adilbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw.
Lber 07: The National Vice President of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya, Dr M Chuba Ao on Tuesday refused to answer when asked whether the BJP will continue to speak out against the BJP. When asked whether the BJP will go to court to set up an inquiry into the allegations of corruption in the MDA-I government, Dr Ao said, “Now we don’t talk about corruption anymore.
It may be recalled that the Sengbhalang had demanded that the government should call for talks with them for a long time as the issue of talks is still pending, but after waiting for several months, the government has called for talks. on the 29th of this month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Shanbor Marweiñ, the Organizing Secretary of the district, said that foreigners are now happy to come to Mawlai and all this is due to the Khasi.
If a man seeks only the things of the flesh, he is no different from the animals, says God.
He said the International Film Festival is a golden opportunity to showcase the unique culture and tourism industry in the state.
The man was arrested after he assaulted the policeman, who is known as the station house officer.
Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC of the Congress from Nongshken, raised the issue by saying that she is unhappy with the resignation of the Chairman, Bah Pynshngain Syiem. The Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) was Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Dong and Village Organization (VO) leaders, who congratulated and expressed their gratitude to the MLA for his assistance.
He said that once he has completed the investigation of the Meghalaya witnesses, he will start investigating the Assam witnesses.
, Member KJCLF, wrote as follows to Nongsain Hima dt.30.12.2022-“One of the things that many of the people used to do is the secret giving of money to buy my and your votes.
On the same day, the Dorbar Shnong has invited officers from government departments such as the District Child Protection Office and the Police Department to come and take part in the explanation to the public. those who have jobs that the government has implemented through these departments.
They demanded that the Minister of Power should immediately look into the matter so that there will be no damage to the residents of the area.
In the first part of the meeting, the farmers discussed ways and means to solve the problems they face in their agriculture.
According to the India Meteorological Department (IMD), Cyclone Biprajoy is expected to intensify when it reaches the Saurashtra and Kutch regions of Gujarat.
The MNF at that time needed a new leader after the death of its founder, Laldenga, in
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has opposed the government's plan to build a railway line in Jaintia Hills.
According to the Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) footage of the incident, it was seen that Jarnail Singh was in possession of a food shop near his residence.
The Lamphang also informed that the state legislators have agreed to contribute from their schemes or discretionary grants for the purpose of assisting the PLHIV. All 60 members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly should take an active part in this group, as their support will be of great help in the fight against these diseases.
“86.
On the part of MEMRIWU, it appeals to the people to support and cooperate for the benefit of many churches.
The National People's Party (NPP), which led the MDA government for the past three years (2018-2023), may join the BJP in the new government, but the question is, will the NPP It will have to support the BJP or other parties to form a new government.
He said that there are 20 buses which are no longer suitable for construction and the department has decided to auction them.
“The government will never ignore this demand to violate the welfare of the students.
However, gradually it has been found that the arrival of these foreign companies is only a threat to the employment of local youth.
Ardent said the protest will continue if the Government cannot justify the decision to dismiss these Lokayukta officers.
In order to prevent any tragic incidents that may happen through driving under the influence of alcohol during these festive days, the Police Department has warned to take strict action against those who break the law.
We don't know when Parliament will approve the amendments to strengthen the Autonomous District Councils.
The FKJGP Mawkhar Circle requests the contractors and owners of houses to take responsibility since the lockdown in the country and the state. and to employ such people so that they can earn again.
Ap that word por.
Former Sordar of Huwapara village Jerdick Sangma said that in 2018 they were evicted by the Assam police and more than 500 residents of the village have fled.
Anastesia S.Shullai (not out) scored 29 runs from 31 balls and was named Player of the Match.
The drugs were seized from the truck during a search operation where the driver fled the scene after seeing a police team at Naka Cheking.
She was taken to the hospital, but died on the way.
The price of sohsaw is between T.160 and T.180 per kilo in Varanasi and buyers buy only 50 to 100 grams for home cooking.
Therefore, besides the improvement of this road from Umshyrpi to Bañiun, the government should also build other roads to free Shillong.
The army, yesterday, surrendered and handed over two KYKL (Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup) militants, after they tried to show force with these militants at Itham village, Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup. Manipur, said a statement from the Spear Corps of the Indian Army.
Therefore, they lived together for a long time, even though they were not at home.
In the final between Shella and Rasong, the match was very interesting to watch on the pitch and the strength was equal although Shella scored the first goal until the end of the first half. In the second half, Rasong played better and scored two goals to win.
This also takes at least 6 days.
As the Sordar, after receiving a letter sent by the Office of the Sub Divisional Officer, Sohra Civil Sub Division (Supply) directing me to select or appoint a new dealer at Kongthong Fair Price Shop Center for the year. 2020, I have sent a notice to the village council to hold a meeting on 10/12/2019 to elect the dealer.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Besides being the cleanest village in Asia, Mawlynnong will soon be the first village in the North East to be free from the smoke and this will soon be announced by awarding it.
Up to nine robbers involved in motorcycle theft have been arrested from Amlarem and three others from Pynursla area.
The semi final match of the Under-14 boys category will be played between Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Mawlai at 10 pm. The second semi final will be played between Iewrynghep Secondary School and Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School at 12 noon.
“These engineers will tell the government, the Secretary and Chief Engineer of PWD to complete this road as soon as possible and if the PWD is slow, and if it is willing to issue a No Objection Certificate (NoC), I will. “To become an MLA,” said Bah SK Sunn, while speaking at a meeting at Marbisu in the presence of village officials and others.
Meghalaya-India, Garo-Khasi-Jaintia Ranikor- Simsang, Umngot – Umiam Balpakram, Sohpetbneng, Lum Shyllong, Thank you all, , go to Indian lucky charm.
He said that the government is working to set up de-addiction centers which will be fully run by the Social Welfare Department.
Noting that she has not received any written notice on the suspension order, she said that the five MLAs have no intention of joining any political party.
Two persons including Dihacianlang and the driver of the vehicle were Sajeki Rymbai from Moosalyngkat, Jowai.
Verses 11 to 17 describe the appearance of the second beast, which is the ruler of all the religions of the world.
The Fish Sanctuary and Fish KIOSK are the assistance schemes of the Ministry of Fisheries through the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission 2.0 (MSAM 2.0) and the Central Scheme Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY) 2020-2
Otherwise you have deceived the people.
In connection with the allocation of Rs 115.10 crore by the State Government to meet the needs of the State Government in the fight against Covid-1 There is a lot of joy but the expenditure has not yet reached this point, and when we turn to other aspects, this will hamper the work of the Volunteers, Volunteers Shnong, Dorbar Shnongs in the area. Rural areas especially those villages along the National Highway (NH) from Ribhoi to Narpuh East Jaintia Hills where there are many cement factories, where there are many vehicles. one and Assam.
“The Congress leader in the state instead of spreading false news, should have submitted his performance report in the constituency as MP Shillong instead of doing politics with thanksgiving. only to attract votes for the Lok Sabha elections.
“This gate is set up to check the health of the cows, the documents and to prevent the smuggling of cows and muid to Bangladesh,” said the Director.
He said that he will write to all the District Councils in the state to celebrate this day because Rev.JJM Nichols Roy is not only for the Khasi but for all the ethnic groups in the country. India because it is the one who introduced the Seventh Schedule throughout India.
Besides, in connection with the lockdown for the past three months, the Party has also discussed the problems faced by those people who live by day labor, because there are many day laborers. They have received the promise of assistance from the government, but until these days, there are still many employees who have not received what the government has promised to those employees. The Congress also discussed the problems faced by the ASHA workers. Mayrald Born Syiem said the party has also discussed the government's promise to provide T.5000 to the Community Quarantine Centres. Until today, it has been learned that there are Quarantine Centers in the District and State, which have not yet received this promise from the Government, which has caused problems to the Village Leaders, who are in charge of these Quarantine Centres. Quarantine Center.
He said that the Minister has promised to take this issue to the Prime Minister for a meeting to convey the views of the party.
Shillong, Iaiong 8 : After the KHNAM and VPP demanded the convening of a special session to discuss the Roster System or Reservation Policy, the High Court of Meghalaya has decided to convene a special session to discuss the Roster System. The implementation of the year should be discussed and decided by the Legislative Assembly of the State, where it will be approved by the Opposition to the Ruling Party to avoid any differences in the future. It will soon invite the CLP to discuss the matter before taking any decision.
Drs. Sankey Shangpung (UDP) from 29-Bataw-Lakadong and Seiborlang Shadap (NPP) from Sutnga constituency.
However, the same company still has 71 towers which have not been cut off and the unpaid electricity bill is T.33.95 lakh.
Dr. Ampareen said that the state government especially the health department has set a target or will implement a 'Mission Mode' to eradicate the disease by increasing the number of cases. and strengthen the examinations to detect the disease from the onset so that it can be treated as soon as possible as well as to raise awareness on how to avoid the spread of the disease.
May God guide these two and us both,” concluded Peter. “As a mother, I put my trust in you and hope that all these things will go smoothly under the guidance of the Lord. " said Peter's mother.
George Tangsang, Secretary of Pahammawlein Village, said that it is true that the NOC of the NHAI has expired. NOC, but he refused and did not want to cooperate with the village and as it is now, which means that the toll gate has been operated illegally without proper documents.
The Jharkhand government has set a target to register more names of job seekers through the portal launched for the registration of job seekers in private companies.
Speaking on the incident, he said that such an incident has never happened in this area but it is the first time and it has led to the people coming out to condemn the attack. .
Shillong, Naitung 2: The Four Lane Road from Umiam to Jorabat has been suspended as scheduled due to the fact that the state government has not yet handed over the road. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has decided to build this road.
Shillong: There have been 81 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 79 recoveries.
The Committee led by its Chairperson L. Chatterjee held a meeting with officials of the Department of Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs (MSCDRC).
The boy said, “Teacher, how can I be successful?” The teacher said to the boy, “Son, before I tell you, how can you be successful , then go first to the mountain.
There are those who expel them by raid or village authority such as the expulsion of Khla by the Nongtalang and the expulsion of Dngiem by the Wahkhen.
A software engineer has been married for three years and in these three years, they have been moving from one house to another. and the reason was that his wife was afraid of the sword.
The ceremony will be held on the 6th of July at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndenguiong.
Modi said that under the BJP government, the neighboring states of Meghalaya have made progress in development.
It is after the court has taken action that the government will try to shut down these illegal factories which should not have started from the beginning.
They are not paid Christians.
Juliana also said that she made a mistake on the 28th of November, during the Supermom contest.
Donbok said it is time for the people of Khasi Hills to elect leaders who are responsible for the welfare of the people and the state as a whole. those who want to become leaders for personal gain.
At the same time, he urged the shopkeepers and householders near these streams to cooperate not by going down to the stream to collect the garbage but by stopping immediately to throw the garbage in these streams. hang.
Suddenly Bahnah said, “Adee, I'm not hungry yet, Thei... I've just finished drinking, I'm going to eat...” he said and laughed. said the Kmie of RiiaBahnah, and he didn't know anything else, so he shook his head and when they all stood up, he followed them.
at the beginning of the 1000 years all the saints will be caught up in the Rapture and the dead will be resurrected.
People brought knives and plates to cook food there.
The VPP has taken the opportunity to explain to the public about a rumor that has been spreading through social media since 27th June,
She has participated in various competitions and has also sung in a Khasi film.
“Perhaps this meeting will be the last meeting to resolve this issue,” said Bah Batkupar Wahlang, General Secretary of KHNAM. He said that KHNAM does not want the ARPA to break up or have anyone to overthrow the shatri of the ARPA. “It's like we're dying for small parties,” he said.
He said that the attempt to change the name of India to Bharat is meaningless as the word is known only in some parts of India.
The match between the two teams had to be played at 2 pm due to heavy rain in the morning which was reduced to 16 overs shilliang.
After laying flowers and holding a short meeting at the State Central Library, the President of the Mahila Morcha, Kong Sukhi Pariat said, “We urge the state government to will focus on the challenges faced by single earners.
In his career as a journalist, Bah Starfing Pdahkasiej has also published many other books.
When sent to buy shatri from the market, the young men received three shatri while the khonrympha received shatri press to bring to the king and the king's daughter.
The Nongdhar clan used to take part in the rule of the Hima Shyllong as a basan raid.
The match continued without a goal until the end of the first half.
Regarding the letter sent by the HSPDP to the Prime Minister of India on the CAB, the President of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), KP Pangniang said: “HDR Lyngdoh's statement is just a statement,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by LT Tariang, MCS while Iohbor Diengdoh delivered the welcome speech.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has launched the Chief Minister's Atmanirbhar Asom Abhijan 2023 to provide assistance to the youth to become self-employed.
Speaking to reporters, Paiem Phlowing Syiem Nongbak said that the opening of the gate by the Hima was not to punish anyone but to thank the Syiem when they passed through the gate. domain.
The National Road Safety Month was organized by the District Transport Officer (DTO) East Khasi Hills from 12th to 14th June in the presence of SP Traffic K Prasad, district authorities. , officers of the DTO office and leaders of urban and suburban driving associations.
Speaking to reporters, Titus said, “We went to Delhi not under the leadership of the Chairman of KHADC but I led the UDP MDCs with the knowledge of the party leaders.
What kind of 'game with fire' that, as it were, the struggle of the A'chik (to maintain the State Reservation Policy – ​​1972) is exactly with the Government and also exactly only to the east, that is, just as this struggle of ours Hynniewtrep is exactly with this Government and also exactly here? Take a decision that will be agreed upon by both sides, that it is better not to decide to walk straight ahead.
Besides, there are also cases where the line of the road is very close and the ground may collapse and the electrical pole may collapse.
He said that the price of kwai has dropped significantly because they have allowed the importers of kwai to come from abroad.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The water level in the Umiam River has reached 3215.43 feet and if there is a heavier rainfall in the next few days, it should be released. and he went down to Umiam.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat inaugurated the e-corner of the State Bank of India (SBI) here at Shillong, MG Road.
He said that the Monolith Festival will be held at Mawphlang on the 7th, 8th and 9th of October and the 22nd KJP Synod Sepngi will be held on the 7th. until the 10th of October at Laitryngew, Sohra.
“On the part of COMSO, as we reject CAB 2016, so we reject CAB 2019, so to express our opposition, there will be protests to be announced, when the time comes and this protest will continue. COMSO also supports political parties like the Shiv Sena, TMC and Janata Dal United who have come out against the CAB in Parliament.
Of these lakhs of people, it was said that many of them died suddenly just because they breathed in the smoke of others.
Nongstoin, Nailar 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of Samla Redyfernandy Sun General Secretary and Samla Wadbor Nonglang Education Secretary together with members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday visited one of the dormitories of JNV students. Nongstoiñ West Khasi Hills District.
This is the value and power of the Revelation School.
The Infiltration Department has been criticized by various organizations for not implementing it properly in recent years.
“I feel the Take and Give policy is more appropriate,” he said.
In the second semi final of the men's category, Assam Rifle Public School beat Shillong College HS Education by a tie breaker after a 1-1 draw.
JOWAI: The Executive Committee of the JHADC led by Thombor Shiwat as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) has appointed an Administrative Inquiry Committee (AEC) headed by Judge J. Khyriam. on the allegation of illegal appointment of 56 members of the council.
Today, four borrowers of Rosita came out to meet with the media to talk about the matter.
He said that the people will have to fight against division and discrimination and that as a national party which has gained confidence across the constituency, he is confident that we will reach our goal.
The lack of footpaths in some parts of the highway in Nongstoiñ has caused a lot of problems in the traffic and especially the school children, children passing through especially. From the road from Nonbah Bridge to Anderson School and from Nonban Bridge to St.Saviour School.
Some of the employees of the weighbridge who saw the incident immediately informed the police at Phramer PIC and searched for it but could not find it.
Jowai, Naiwieng 08: The HiTO today 8th 2023 under the leadership of its General Secretary Bah Wanbun N Dkhar and President Samla Wanbiang Pulang visited the The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has filed a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District after receiving documents to prove that the JHADC does not have a Non-Tribal Check Point.
The new school building for the Higher Secondary School will be funded by the Congregation Society of Sisters of St Anne Madras.
They said that now the bank account of the hospital has remained zero (0) through the actions of the Medical Superintendent and this will put at risk the staff of the hospital.
In the past few days, Prestone has alleged that Dr Mukul Sangma, who was never in office, and his Ministers at that time did not know where he was going.
The worst affected areas are in East Jaintia Hills and during an inspection by this reporter in Wapungskur, it was found that dozens of trees have been uprooted from the roots. Lamyrsiang and Byndihati and other villages.
“These have already been opened only in Mawlai, but besides these three, others have already been opened,” said Witting, referring to Bajengdoba C&RD Block, Sohiong, Wapung, “Those who are not in the budget can be opened, those who are not in the budget cannot be opened, those who are not in the budget cannot be opened. I don't know if there are anyone else who doesn't know.
Members of HNPF Jowai Circle and CSWO on 19th November 2012 raided at Petrol Pump Demthring at 7.00 pm.
Sohiong-Nongspung MDC Sherborlang Mawlong said that he used to go to class in the morning and carry daju in the morning at Ïewduh to support himself and his family but those physical strengths disappeared when he passed well in the examination.
He said this while responding to the statement by North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum that in the 50 years of independence there has been no improvement in education and the teachers' strike has shown a decline in grades. you are not educated in the state.
satisfied with whoever spirit.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: A strong earthquake has struck many parts of Ri Khasi last night.
“We are surprised that the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has allowed the cement companies while our people have been sent to stay at home.
She also asked for clarification whether the District Council has fulfilled its functions or powers under Para 6 of the Scheduled.
On Saturday, 171 cases were reported.
For thousands of years, various medicines have been developed and produced from snakes.
There will also be up to 2 doctors including Doctor Ayush and one Doctor who has completed MBBS”.
Shillong: The COMSO, as decided at its last meeting, will hold an evening sit-in demonstration from tomorrow (4.02.20 to 8.02.20) from from 1 pm to 5 pm at the State Central Library, Shillong.
“We strongly warn that Agnes should not interfere in the village affairs, or the CSWO should not interfere in the village affairs because it will only cause trouble and create divisions in the village,” he said. to be the 12th Rangbah Shnong.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 23: Three political parties including the KSU, FKJGP Western Border Area and RBYF Patharkhmah Circle have decided to hold a mombati rally on the 24th (Saturday) at Patharkhmah Market from 2 pm. 10 pm as a sign of condolences and sorrow on the murder of Kitdorlang Marbaniang on the 18th of this month at Umtangar village in Ri-Bhoi.
Through this distribution of food items to the poor households, the Umroi Nongrah Village Authority has distributed food items including Khaw, Mluh, Jhur and others.
If things are like this as they are now; Where all the works have been carried out by our contractors for our own safety and at our own expense, what is the future of the State especially the future of the society of Bri u Hynniewtrep?” Do we still need the Dkhars and Lyngkien to come and attack us when our own people are the main causes of the destruction or the counting of dew thala,” said the statement.
Police have seized 256.36 grams of gold and 66 grams of heroin from the residence of Deepika Roy in Nongrimbah Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, July 07 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Saturday said that the party will not accept the uniform. Civil Code (UCC).
Although these Muslims from Bangladesh have won many Congress leaders in Assam, they do not trust them and the result is that these small paid Muslim voters The Religious Bengali Minority Muslim Voters (RBMMVs) have formed their own political party called the Assam United Democratic Front (AUDF) led by Muhammad Badruddin Ajmal.
Mark Chapman of New Zealand and Iftikhar Ahmed of Pakistan have reached the top of the ICC Men's T20I Player Rankings. The best result of their career at the end of four matches between the two teams in Rawalpindi.
The KSU has encouraged and wished these athletes to win again in the tournament to be held in Uzbekistan.
If you have any questions, please contact us at
East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday evening arrested a man from South Tripura and seized 51 kilograms of heroin from his vehicle.
The Union also informed the CEM that there are many foreigners without proper documents working in the Shallang area and in the Coke factories in Borsora, Cherragaon and Ichamati. Kalibari and Majai in East Khasi Hills.
And when the fourth seal was finished, the fourth seal came, and behold, a pale horse came forth, who sat on it, whose name was Death.
It is difficult to ring the soul, it is difficult to walk, it is difficult to walk.
Bah Lyngdoh also said that it is the government which has appointed a High Level Committee to study the need to create measures to prevent the entry of foreigners. , the government itself refused and, this led the civil society to take the path to agitation.
Looking at the list of those 25 members, it was clear that only 19 households attended the meeting and two or three members per household.
This proceeding of the court showed that the sbai was more important than justice and finally the court of Lister convicted Thomas Jones.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) today submitted a petition to the Rangbah Shnongs of 6 Villages and Sengbahlangs from Ribhoi District. to the Prime Minister to request him to terminate the MOU between Assam and Meghalaya.
If there is a violation of the rules, these people will lose the benefits they have received from this order of the High Court.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 22 cases, including 5 cases in Pandaba and 12 cases in Ranikor.
When I was young, I used to play Bombay music (at that time),” said Bah Sawian.
The competition was organized by the IMF North East Zone Committee at the Indian Institute of Entrepreneurship, Guwahati from 22nd to 24th of this month.
Kharshiing said that according to the provisions of Article 191(1) (A) of the Constitution, the Constitution has banned the holding of two posts of MLA and MDC. Stephan Lamin, MLA of Amlarem and MDC of War East, HDR Lyngdoh, MLA of Sohiong and MDC of War East, should be removed from their membership. Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit MLA of Nongkrem and MDC of the same constituency, Metbah Lyngdoh MLA of Mairang and MDC of the same constituency, Pynshngain Syiem MLA and MDC of Mawsynram. Sanbor Shullai MDC from Rambrai Jyrngam, Sanbor Shullai MDC from Mawprem and Brolding Nongsiej MDC from Mawthadraishan.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : The State Government through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday announced that the Government has decided not to relocate the residents of Them-metor to Mawbah – Mawprem is located in Shillong West Constituency.
All those who wish to participate in this competition are welcome to submit their names on the same day, 29th March from 5 pm. For more information, please call 9366747046 /
Shillong: Meghalaya lost the Vijay Hazare Trophy match by 77 runs in Jaipur today.
He was born in North Guwahati, Assam.
These girls were handed over to Childline in Jowai and are still in the custody of Childline.
He added that it is through the contribution of the players of Jaintia Hills that Shillong Lajong has reached the level that the people have witnessed.
He said that the working methods of the MHIS scheme have not been adequate, as various hospitals have not taken responsibility and have mislead those who go for treatment.
Speaking on the occasion, he congratulated the management of the WJDSA for conducting the tournament to the end. spirit of competition because in the struggle there are those who win and there are those who lose.
Jeskalur L Mawdoh, driver of a Mahindra Max (ML-04A-3374), has been charged under Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) after his vehicle collided with a vehicle. The Honda Accord (ML-01-0001) was inaugurated by P Lyngdoh on the 11th of this month at Laimer, Shillong.
At the same time, we strongly condemn those who kill wildlife in the area.
NASA, until now, has no way to protect itself and that is why it launched the Double Asteroid Redirection Test last year. , to warn the orbit in advance, when there is such a flight of these asteroids that could threaten the earth.
The residents who saw the fire immediately rushed to help extinguish the bus and were able to rescue the bus from the fire.
The Government of India has launched many programs to raise awareness among the population regarding childbirth, from the home, to the public, but the data collection has shown that it is necessary to do a lot of things when it comes to this area.
“It's nice to play like that.
Mason Mount joined United from Chelsea in July for £55m.
The option to change centers or examination centers will be available for Imphal Center candidates through the Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS).
Sunil Chhetri is the captain of Indian football team and Bengaluru FC. He is one of India's best goalkeepers and one of the world's leading goalscorers. .
He said that he will install smart meters in his own house because he wants to see and witness the consumption of electricity, how much electricity bill and others.
The vehicle is a Fortuner with the number plate AS 01 BT3
“It is easy to promise and promote peace but to rule is not easy,” he said.
The committee was attended by leaders of the Young Mizo Association, Mizoram Journalists' Association, Mizoram Kohran Leadership Committee, church leaders and state government ministers.
The Planning Commission (now Niti Ayog) Report of 2012 states, “Between 2009-10, the number of poor people in Meghalaya has increased and about 47% of the population lives in poverty. Rural Tribal Poverty in the North East of India”.
I don't know how much Saleng will be able to revive the Congress.
Even the name of SC Marak has appeared as one to take over the post of Prime Minister.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 01: Trees and forests are a great example for all living things because they provide fresh air or oxygen to breathe and reproduce. carbon dioxide to clean up the environment, the availability of adequate rainfall and water sources to distribute drinking water and to agricultural fields, the protection of the environment and many other benefits. much.
Anshul Gupta, GM, NFR with Rahul Bali, Rajeev Mahajan, president of NFR Sports Association, Manipuri actress Soma Laishram, Assamese actor Kapil Bora, cricketer Rajesh Borah and marathon runner Abdul Barek was also present on the occasion.
The BJYM said that this is to make it easier for the children especially during these times when they are in a hurry to submit their application forms in schools and colleges.
The meeting was conducted by Eladmiki Suting (Programme Co-ordinator) while the welcome speech was delivered by the Nominated MDC Octomewot Lamin. The selection of 60 students will start today from 3-5 pm from Monday to Friday at the College.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renik congratulated the ancestors for their wisdom in persuading the road to be implemented during the Assam government by naming it Jakrem – Ranikor Road but when they reached this village they saw only the lyoh because the road to Ranikor could not be reached due to the lyhuh bah.
The meeting was attended by Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA, Balajied Ranee, MDC, Nongpoh, Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, BB Makdoh, Mawhati MDC, Mawhati MDC, BB Makdoh and others. President of the Union of 14 Villages, Bah PS Marwein, CI of Nongpoh Police Station and other elders of the area, strongly condemned the incident. Not only has it killed the Dohkha in the river, but it has also affected the water users of the Nongpoh area, because the river is the place where the water is supplied to Nongpoh. The residents of Nongpoh area have used this water for food and drink.
“Even in the House we have raised this issue to introduce ILP in the state,” said Bah Ardent.
The MLA gave special thanks to the teachers of this school as part of recognizing their hard work with cash donations.
The speakers also demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs should resign as he does not understand where he is sitting.
Shillong: The House Committee of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will soon hold a meeting to discuss among its members and after that the Committee will submit a report to the Executive Committee on their inspection of the Uranium Waste Sites in Chairman of the Committee, Bah Gigur Myrthong, who is also the Dy.CEM of KHADC. During the inspection, it was found that the tops containing uranium waste were broken and there could be a release of uranium waste.
The West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association, Jowai will hold the trials for the boys and girls under 18 years of age.
According to the Joint Director of Food & Civil Supplies, Bah PM Syiem, once the contractors have been selected, the government will distribute the sugar to the public and 650 grams per head.
They are stupid,,,we will not allow them to happen.
Police have recovered heroin worth T.40 lakh from them, T.1.26 lakh cash from them, three motorcycles and three phones from this person.
At present, there are more than 1.80 lakh ML05 vehicles. Police have received information from the public that many elderly people who go to Police Bazar have said that and they rejoiced that they were able to go without any difficulty.
"All those who have met me in the past 40 days, please send for an immediate check-up," Amitabh said.
The HNYF has acknowledged that the withdrawal of NEEPCO from the state will cause a lot of losses to the people of the state because NEEPCO besides being the electricity department in the state, has helped a lot to the youth of the state. for the sake of getting a job.
It is not easy for the MLA to force the Government to spend hundreds of crores of rupees to revive this company.
Pradip Kurbah, Chairman of the Association, said that the group was formed with the aim of helping to promote filmmakers in the state. problems.
“We have gathered to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 passed by the BJP government and this bill affects the Khasi and Jaintia people because this Bill means to allow the citizens of Bangladesh, Pakistan, Afghans to become citizens of our country.
The players and officials, except for three standby players, will leave the state for Kolkata the next day.
Shillong, March 1: Garo National Council (GNC) MLA Clifford Marak has canceled his plan to hold a hunger strike in front of the Chief Minister's residence in Garo Hills.
Lahiri said the time he rescued himself was when he was 30 feet underwater.
Jowai, November 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
Reading from the Constitution of the Seng (Jaintia Dorbar), Article 111 (2) of the Rules of Procedure of the Jaintia Dorbar clearly states that those who wish to become members of the Jaintia Dorbar may be members only. who do not belong to any Political Party.
Earlier, the Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the MDC of Jaïaw, said that the time has come for them to leave the power to foreign parties.
This sharing of information will help them to make a difference in the lives of patients and will also improve the quality of health care, especially for tuberculosis in the area.
At the same time, the people living on the border especially in such villages which are in the midst of the conflict between Assam and Meghalaya should be vigilant not to allow Assam to come and intimidate like this.
Jowai: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today passed the Bill or Rules and Regulations for the Dolloi and the Election. their.
“He has nothing to do with the Mandal,” said Joy Deep.
The meeting was conducted by the President of FKJGP Lama Unit, Bah Heibormi Suchen.
All winemakers from the state are invited to participate.
But through Esther's intercession the Jews were saved and thus to commemorate this deliverance the Jews celebrated the festival of Purim on the fourteenth and fifteenth days of the month of Adar and the meaning of the festival “The moon that has turned joy into sorrow, which has turned life into death and also the festival reminds us of freedom from great wonder and wonder.
“We want to provide timely treatment to the people through Digital Health ID. 10 crore people have benefited from teleconsultation through schemes like e-Sanjivini,” he said.
Rahul Gandhi's meeting with Varun Gandhi, who refused to attend the BJP meeting, has raised serious concerns about Varun's political career. He said that he did not find any political discussion during their meeting.
“We are very sorry for this but I don't mean to say that we are sorry in the sense that we are worried but you should understand that as the Government we have received a lot of news and when it comes, we have to justify it. “It's not right or wrong,” said Conrad.
“We are happy that in this Second Division tournament, the players have played well from the start and I hope they will continue to play well.
Shillong: The Thangskai Village Council today closed down a dewbilat factory for violating the rules and regulations agreed with the village especially in the employment of the youth of the village.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday said that colleges should be prepared to cope with the increase in the number of students seeking higher education in the state.
On the other hand, the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof Nalin Mehta in his speech said that these new offices will greatly improve the health services at NEIGRIHMS and will also increase the number of MBBS and B.Sc seats. .
Shillong: Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that if the state government wants the people to have confidence in the border resolution between Assam and Meghalaya, it should create a by the Boundary Committee, which shall include various political parties and various civil society groups.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that after receiving the order, the state government has taken up the issue with the The Central Government, the Ministry of Coal & Mines as well as the Ministry of Commerce.
Dr Mohrmen explained that there will be two types of jobs that the union will train in this training, one is Food Processing and the other is Fast Food. to the youth who have completed this training.
Following reports that 31 people from Garo Hills have been infected with food poisoning after eating spoiled fish at a morgue in Assam, 31 people have been infected in Ri Bhoi. who are in the same apot.
The body of the man was first found by a child of the area, who immediately informed the Laban police station.
They shoot civilians as happened in Nagaland and other parts of the North-East.
The Lumshong Market Management Committee has decided to close the market on the 24th of this month which is the Mulong Market Day.
As the residents of Riwar area, and as a group we see the mismanagement of NHIDCL and the contractors even after destroying the road for three years,” said one of the leaders of FoRMLD.U He said that the destruction of the Shillong-Dawki road has also led to an increase in the fare of vehicles which has affected the people and every month vehicles have to go to the factory due to the snowfall. street.
On the other hand, the Advocate-General, on behalf of these departments including the state government, said that there has been no power outage as complained.
We want the Government Leaders to meet us, we want a talk with the Prime Minister,” he said.
He said that for the Khasi, the language is the highest and the right is the truth.
In this case of HIV/AIDS, I am looking from the perspective of Ïitkhmih Jingkyrmen and I see that the Khasi Hynniewtrep people have not yet reached that disease of HIV/AIDS. lane to lane.
Non-perishable waste such as plastic and bottles has been collected and packed in one place so that it can be delivered to the right place, as the village sends the waste to the Dalmia dewbilat factory. Cement at Thangskai to burn the garbage in a strong fireplace so that it does not pollute the environment.
We don't want to live or walk again in such times.
Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep will also hold a protest in front of the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet from 11 am to demand the repeal of the Meghalaya Gaming Ordinance
Government officials from Meghalaya, including the Addl District Magistrate, Superintendent of Police, Officer-in-charge of Khanapara Police Station and In-charge of Pilangkata Out-Post, visited the scene and talked to the residents. the government of Assam.
Shillong, July 22: The Joint National Union (JNU) has issued a statement saying that the party has rejected the proposal.
However, God the Lord, who doesn't forget the shortcomings of mankind, once in the middle of August, God in His love has opened the doors of Heaven and poured down the rain of blessings. .
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Jackfruit Techno Incubation Center (TIC). don at Institute of Hotel Management, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
Lyonel Ryngkhlem of KB Memorial Secondary School won the Best Player category.
Tian Fangfang, 30, posted on social media a letter, which she held in her hand and her dress, which covered her eyes.
The MLA also promised that he is ready to take to the streets to express his opposition if the state government remains silent on the issue.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 12: The preparation of the candidates for the 2023 elections has been going well in these days. He is a resident of Jakrem village in South West Khasi Hills District. He said that he intends to become one of the independent candidates from Mawkyrwat constituency.
academy and Mile Kick Start Ft.
One of the examples is that this vehicle has been designed in such a way that it is easy to climb the hills and valleys to clear the fields.
One person has died in Tamulpur after drowning in floodwater.
He said that this will apply to all the shops, which deal with many people, who enter and leave these shops and shops.
It was not as they expected, for they were expecting the king to come in his glory.
He said that after talking to the residents of Umsning area, the union said that the sudden increase in electricity bill in the past few months, has been too high. MePDCL has delivered the Bill Light even to those households who have not yet used electricity, but are still planning to take electricity, according to the reports of 18 people. people who intend to take electricity.
He said that some of the teachers have not yet received their salaries for the month of June
Shillong: U MLA of the 17th North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he has not been able to explain the issue of Roster System (RS) in the Synrai Legislative Assembly. He expected it to come through a resolution, because of the short time, so he had to bring an adjournment motion to discuss this issue, because it is an important issue and to lose other issues. that he has already put it in the Legislative Assembly.
The reason for the restriction is due to the rise in the water level, which has caused the bridge to collapse and therefore, it is not safe for heavy vehicles to pass through.
New Delhi: U Laxmidhar Behera, Director, IIT Mandi, in the past few days, has strongly criticized the students of the university in Himachal Pradesh, alleging that they are not responsible for the incident. Himachal Pradesh has called on the students of IIT Mandi to take an oath due to heavy floods and storms in Himachal Pradesh. immediately, that they may no longer eat chess.
This happened across the state.
The child, whose name has not been released, was thrown 100 feet into the air.
“I will listen to the voice of my supporters before I join any group,” said Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh.
FALMOUTH: Many Catholics were shocked today when US President Joe Biden and his wife, Jill Biden, went to church.
“We have postponed the discussion of this Bill because we need to correct the mistakes.
The Superintendent of Fisheries, Bah OL Passah, said that the purpose of the Aqua Fest is to promote and showcase the schemes that the Government provides to the public by encouraging the people to take advantage of them. schemes and to come to the stall if they have any questions regarding the schemes offered by the Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Nine members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) from Umpling and Nongrah have been arrested by the Sadar Police Station on Tuesday morning on charges of On the evening of the 4th in Khyndai Lad area, several shops were destroyed.
"I haven't looked at the report but this is what I've been told," he added.
Of the eight health workers, they also include one anganwadi, one anm and three staff nurses.
Those who have filed their nomination papers from the National People's Party (NPP) include Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare who will contest from Nongkrem constituency, who is also a government minister and the incumbent MLA of Mawhati constituency.
According to the notification of the Transport Department of the State Government through No. TPT.
The Rotary Club Jowai on 4th November held a meeting in the presence of Rtn.
Conrad said that the funds collected for the education of Dangle have increased in unused until 2019 and added that the present Government has ordered to use this fund. collected in the form of taxes, for the maintenance and construction of schools which will greatly benefit the Government Schools across the State.
However, it is only the misunderstanding of one or two people that leads to such unfounded arguments.
“I will try my best to work hard together with the leaders and people of Nongkrem to win the election from my new constituency,” said Dasakhiat.
