Speaking at the meeting, Bah Tongkhar praised the Sports Department for organizing such games which is for the benefit of the children in the area.
They include HSPDP MLA from Mawkyrwat and Minister of PHE, Renikton L Tongkhar, Independent MLA from Nongkrem, Trinamool Congress MLA from Sutnga-Saipung, Shitlang Pale. and two suspended Congress MLAs, Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie and Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem.
He also suggested to the KHADC to write to the Law Commission of the country to inform them on the grounds that the Council stands against the implementation of the UCC. The discussion on the resolution included Bah PN Syiem, Deputy CEM, Bah Bindo M Lanong and others.
Lapang said the matter has to be proved before the law, but for now the most important thing is the AICC's vigilance which has to be heard from the government which will be informed by the prime minister. .
Twenty-six boxes of soap were also seized from the suspect.
It is indeed a loss for a deaf person because he does not hear what people are saying.
Special attention will be paid to 2.8 lakh residents working on private land through the Meghalaya UNITE scheme to provide training.
Bhalang did as he used to do without wasting time.
Langsning had three corners and one free kick in difficult areas to score, but these chances failed the team in the second half.
He said as the Prime Minister, he knows what is inside, who does what they do.
U Bah P.Wanniang Sordar of Nongsleh, spokesperson of the synjuk, said, “We cannot forget this day which will also be a history in the area, because such a day has never happened before.
“Sanjay Mishra has expressed his desire to visit the tourist attractions in our state and one of them is Dawki and I also told him about the Hot Spring in Jakrem and he wanted to “He told me to go straight to Hotspring,” said MeFilMA President Commander Shangpliang in an interview with the media on Saturday.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Transport, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar today said that 68 acres of land is still needed for the construction of the Baljek Airport. The government has not taken over the land.
The final of the men's category will be between Padu United 'A' and Ummulong Grassroot Center at 12 noon.
The central theme of this year's National Voluntary Blood Donation Day is “Let's Donate Blood Voluntarily”.
Therefore, the Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, Ri Bhoi East Presbytery and District 12 Lyngdoh East look forward to the cooperation of the faithful together with the arrangements of the Reception Committee of the Ri Bhoi East Presbytery to ensure the smooth running of this event. the Synod meeting.
HYDERABAD: The high number of deaths from coronavirus in these days has led to a shortage of wood to burn the bodies.
In agricultural fields, Israel uses what is called drip irrigation.
Revelation 20:5 “But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished”.
“If there are no documents, this statement (by Bah Pangniang) is very hurtful and people will take it to confirm that the land is no longer available in Meghalaya,” said Bah Rastingwel.
The Municipal has conducted a raid on land dealers throughout Shillong after the High Court issued an order ban ban land dealers.
A case has been registered at Laitumkhrah Police Station under Section 52(6) of the POCSCO Act.
You can be fined if you don’t get permission.
It is not known why the Conrad Government has not sought the assistance of the Government of India, which is the authority responsible for these activities across the country.
The State Government's initiative to implement the road by improving it means that the road will be widened and also to reduce the traffic jam during the day.
“According to him, the central government through the public awareness campaign known as Sankalp Viksit Bharat has gone around to explain and explain to the people so that they know about these schemes which the central government has allocated separately from the government. part of them.
On the other hand, the HYC Diengïei Circle urges the contractor who is constructing this road to clean up and remove all the damage and within a day to give a statement to the HYC regarding this work.
A few months ago, during a participatory natural resources assessment workshop organized by NESFAS in a village in East Khasi Hills, it was revealed that no one in that village has land. to build a house or to cultivate.
He said it is the duty of the leaders to stick with the right leaders rather than too many.
As part of the District Level Youth Exchange Program, the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District has organized a District Level Youth Exchange Program on the theme “ Building a Better World Partnering with Youth”.
Daniel W. Marbaniang has been appointed as the Treasurer.
C.Kharkongor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District in her speech as the chief guest said how to reduce the amount of garbage, waste, temperature rise. and climate change, reduction in the use of plastic, forest protection and environmental protection and to protect especially the cleanliness of Wahsala.
Shillong: According to the Catholic News Service or CNS, despite the death toll of thousands of cases of COVID-19, even in the rural areas of India, the disease has claimed the lives of many people. the religious leaders of the Church.
To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
The recording time is 20 minutes.
Where farmers plant and harvest, the villagers are provided with food, clothing, shelter and health.
In Tripura, the present government has implemented the order from the central government.
Ladakh is 700 km from Jammu, 434 km from Srinagar and 494 km from Manali.
TREATMENT METHOD FOR THIS DISEASE: There are many ways and methods to reduce the risk of these diseases and pain caused by this disease.
The most important thing is the attitude of the residents themselves to bring about a clean environment around Shillong.
If you want to read the news online, write to urupanews@gmail.com.
He urged the students to work hard and listen to the teachings of the teachers. If the teachers beat and punish, it does not mean that the teachers are angry but that they love and want the children to learn.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah W Shabong, District Child Protection Officer, West Khasi Hills, said that there should be a cooperation between us all to avoid violence against children.
She said that if those who apply for doctorate in the general seat are found to be incomplete or cheating, they will be punished.
However, the owners of this factory have not followed the right path.
On this basis, Bhalang Shylla together with his friends tied him up until he stopped, according to the video clip.
Because the Khasi language from Sohra was used by Thomas Jones and his Khasi teachers Junkha, Doowan Rai and Laithat in writing and publishing books, perhaps there was a desire to provide more. In 1852, the title 'The First Book to Read the Khasi Language' was edited according to the writing of William Pryse.
The first match of the day was between Laitjem CC and Marbisu CC. In this match, Marbisu CC won the toss and elected to tied first.
The Executive Committee of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by Teinwel Dkhar has rejected the resignation of the Chairman of the United Democratic Alliance (UDF) Pynshngain N Syiem. ) led by the Congress until Bah Latiplang was re-elected as CEM in the dorbar while the UDA ended the dorbar on 22nd November.
Sutnga said that for this purpose, the central government needs to take action to curb the entry of people into the state by giving more powers to the state government under Article 371 of the Constitution. rule the country.
The Chief Minister said that the MDA government led by the NPP has taken action and listened to all the residents and this has led many people to want to join the NPP. He said that through the support and strengthening of the NPP party, he believes that through this support of the people the NPP party, in 2023 will win more than 30 seats in the state. .
The leaders of the Hima Mylliem and Raid Marwet, after announcing that Umbri has been recognized as a full village, have authorized these leaders who have been elected as village leaders to carry out their duties. jam, especially for the purpose of bringing about economic development in the village and to be a blessing to the people living in the village.
The new Bible was launched on the 3rd of this month by the General Secretary of the Bible Society, Bangalore, Rev. Dr. Mani Chacko.
On September 23, 2013, a woman, Pris Suchiang, from Donaskur Jaintia Hills, who was involved in trade with Bangladeshis, was raped in the morning on her own land on the Bangladesh border. and the strangers that pretended to be friends.
However, despite the low price of this crop, the residents have benefited greatly in supporting their families.
The floods have attracted many people to the city, prompting the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) to set up a rain gauge.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday warned that the Government will not allow the media, especially those from abroad, to publish misleading news without knowing the truth.
Heipormi Talang of Mynthong SC won the Man of the Match title and James Gray Tongper of 7 Wasa Utd won the Player of the Tournament title.
Of those who remained 90 percent, only 13 percent (13%) had a job.
“Our party will send a letter to the government on this issue,” said Renikton.
“As a young man, I have received many offers from other parties but I have chosen the Congress,” she said.
The Assam government should respect this map and will approve once again the shape and area of ​​this map.
The District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 will be held in collaboration with the Athletic Committee of the RBDSA.
Chowdhury criticized the Bengal Chief Minister for being distant and rejecting Rahul Gandhi after the party's victory in Karnataka and during the Bharat Jodo Yatra and not uttering a single word. Rahul Gandhi's name after the party won the recent Assembly elections in Karnataka.
Dr. Bom said that there was no pressure on Bah Lapang to step down as President of the MPCC but it was because of his own request from the AICC to resign from the post. he is not in good health.
LAEF Commander In Chief Augustine Marak was killed in a shootout with police on Tuesday . Auygustine and Mathew were the leaders of the LAEF differences of opinion between them and a few months ago they split and formed their own group.
“If I am against the party, why don't they ask me for an answer,” said Bah Pyniaid.
“We are shocked that since the formation of the new government, ministers, MLAs and some groups have made unfounded claims that these issues can be resolved only within June.
“There is no arrangement with the leaders of other parties not to field candidates from Mairang and Shillong South,” he said.
D) in the subject Chemistry from North Eastern Hill University on the topic “Synthesis, Structural and Biological Studies of complexes of Platinum Group Metals containing N∩N, N∩O, N∩S and O∩S Donor Ligands”. .
“That is the reason why we held the meeting in Motphran after we learned that they held the meeting to form a government and to be led by the ethnic parties and after Dr Mukul Sangma said that he will not “It has shocked us to appoint a Khasi Prime Minister but suddenly we see that two MLAs have disappeared and then the MLAs themselves have joined us,” said Bah Robertjune.
The date will be in July next year,” he said, adding that the Council will discuss with the village to allocate 75-80 per cent of the production.
It was found that the infrastructure, agriculture, fisheries, tourism, food, education, employment, health and the program “Made in North Eastern” Region" are important parts of regional development.
The winners of the Shillong Run 2016 were Michaelsing Ramsiej first, Synsharlang Wahlang second and Jomsingstar Ramsiej third.
There were also many Khasi-speaking foreigners, especially the merchants who wanted to go to the market to earn a living.
However, the introduction and amendment of this Act means to sloit the membership of MLAs and MDCs which is urgently a violation of the Sixth Schedule, he said.
The official order/notification of the government on the new gratuity of Rs 10 lakh is currently pending at the Secretariat.
In a statement sent by Hercules Suting and Shemphang Masharing, leaders of HYC Raid Nongtung Circle, they said that they have witnessed many incidents, which the leaders of the Meghalaya government do not want to share. This is also the case with the people of Assam.
Because the equipment received is necessary for the training of the players and thus it has been a great benefit to the club.
The house where she lives is farther away from the village center and she has to walk and it is suspected that the robbers with malicious intentions have waited for her to commit this crime.
The program was conducted by Babu Rastolin Turnia, Coordinator, Equity Programme, Sngap Syiem College.
Ecological imbalance is the most serious threat in this century and generations to come, unless we fight to preserve and protect it.
He said the union has suggested that the Police Department should cooperate with the Border Security Force (BSF), Custom & Central Excise and share information with each other to prevent the spread of the disease. drug trafficking outside the state and abroad.
The LP and UP have been incorporated into the government while the secondary is still private.
During the inspection, the FKJGP found that the Entry Point is not working according to the promises of the government, in order to become a place to check the entry of foreigners. What they found was that the Entry Point has turned into a COVID-19 Testing Centre, except for other activities, because the people who intend to enter the state, have been asked “Where are you going, how many days are you going to stay and have you already booked a hotel?”
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday, Polestar Nongsiej, candidate of the party for the 33rd Assembly Constituency.
The event was concluded by Prof B Panda, Finance Officer I/C, NEHU as the chief guest, who handed over mementos and trophies to the winners.
Children receive strong discipline and walk in the paths laid down by their parents. They do not need the help of friends or outside advisors because most of them do it for their own benefit. yours.
Leaders from MDC, MLA and MP don't talk about the lack of electricity and other development projects in this area,” said the KSU leader. , mombati, umphniang sharak and the low income have been severely affected.
Amse also slammed the BSF for showing that they still want to check the traffic on the National Highway-6 instead of checking the border areas.
The match tomorrow (14th November) will be between Nangbah Mulang and Khimusniang at 1:30 pm.
The victim is currently undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong.
The Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rainfall along with strong winds in many parts of Saurashtra-Kutch, especially in the district. Kutch, Porbandar and Devbhumi Dwarka.
Guwahati: U Rajen Gohain, Minister of State for Railways, has been demanded to be removed from the post of Minister of State for Railways, following a complaint against him by two women. , who accused him of treating them badly, and offered him a job.
Shylla said he has received a letter from the KHADC Legislative Assembly that there has been no such decision in the KHADC to pass the bill. The government has clarified that it will take action against the government if it has a record but the government has not been able to take action. Embhah Syiemlieh moved a Call Attention Motion to demand that the government should take those documents to prove that the KHADC has passed the bill.
She said that PDF MLA Gavin Mylliemngap has made it clear at the CEC meeting of the PDF that even if the party nominates a candidate, he will not support but will support the incumbent MDC from the NPP. and John Singh Tynsong.
When asked why he chose the Congress party which does not have a single MLA, Neru said it was the foundations of the party that decided him to contest from the party. .
Shillong: The KSU Sohra Circle today arrested foreigners who were selling items in the city without proper documents.
He said that if the ethnic parties have enough wealth, they will win all the constituencies in the state, which means that the defeat is because they don't have enough money and wealth like other parties in the country.
“The power outage has affected the entire community especially the students,” said the Working President of KHNAM. She urged the government to divert the water from the river to the Umiam River.
Over the past centuries and until now, there have been mass movements to protect and achieve full rights for women from the right to education, employment and participation in khadar governance.
High School and became a student of Babu Soso Tham.
Shillong: Mumbai-based Glenmark has become the first pharmaceutical company in India to receive approval to manufacture a drug to fight the corona virus. -viral Favipiravir' to treat those who have symptoms of COVID-1
in the whole village?4
The meeting will start at 11 pm. The UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy-MLA Shella Constituency, General Secretary Dr. Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Nongthymmai MLA, Mawkynrew MLA, Paul Lyngdoh, Shillong West MLA, Titos Chyne, Sohra MLA and Donkupar Sumer-MDC. of Snow.
After the meeting, a Biria and a song competition was held which was attended by many talented groups from all over the Khasi Hills. They also performed the Sawangka that the SBUK team had prepared to entertain the audience who filled the SoSo Tham Auditorium.
For we brought nothing into the world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out.
The problems facing our country and nation these days are real and many of us don't even take the time to think.
Others who attended the meeting included Ameecia Pariat, Assistant Manager, CSC-SPV, Buhlut Suna, Waheh Shnong Mukhla Nongrim and Nang Oo Chwa Sari.
It is only in literacy, which has a solid foundation, that the future of any nation lies, said Burke.
Israel has the ability to dress in it not in the eyes of men, but even Satan himself is too angry with Israel and deceives many countries of the world especially the Arabs.
There are 317 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 97 cases in West Khasi Hills, 37 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 29 cases in Ri Bhoi, 11 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 4 cases in East Garo Hills. South West Garo Hills 4 and South Garo Hills
Speaking as the chief guest, Momin praised the performance of the youth in their studies and encouraged them to work for the development of the country.
The 20-year-old Bellingham has scored 10 goals in 10 appearances for Real Madrid in all his career.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has celebrated the AFC Grassroots Day on the 11th of June with a girls' tournament at the MFA Stadium in Polo, Shillong.
They can appear in the form of dictators or terrorists, they can also appear in the form of religious extremists or nationalists who want to fight or shed blood in the country. name of religion and race.
After she was found dead, a sample was taken and she was found to be positive for COVID-1
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : Congress Leader Gaurav Gogoi has slammed Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma for allegedly shaping the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government and the BJP. It has also been involved from the beginning to the end in the allegations of corruption in this Government.
The government is the image of the people in politics who have been elected to rule a country or a state.
One by one, the dewshrah in Assam has been covered in the same way.
Speaking on the occasion, the Kni Rangbah of the Kur Binong, Bah Michael Binong, urged the Government of India, the State Government and the Government of Rajasthan to take action on this incident. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has conducted a thorough investigation to get a fair trial.
All teachers under the jurisdiction of the MGPSTA are urged to come and participate in this day without fail.
The word Rangjyrteh means 'the one who tied the man with a stick' and this village was a famous and largest center in the field of silver and shohthaw in ancient times but now it has been abandoned. There is no one to live in it, no one to live in it, no one to farm in it, only the signs of the shins, only the ancient syrwet that show the greatness of the silver mining and the shot creation here.
Nongstoiñ, March 13: The Special Judge (POCSO) of West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday sentenced Emanuel Marweiñ, of Sohparu, West Khasi Hills District, to death in connection with the rape case. one 13-year-old child in June
This was announced by the President and Secretary of the Jowai Alto Tourist Association, D.Iongwai and RF Ryngki.
It is not easy for the residents of the State to recover from the damage caused by the covid19 pandemic.
Isn't it the duty of the searchers to search the vehicles carrying foreign workers or do they know only how to collect money? said the leader of the Seng.
Isaiah 46:8-11.
This scholarship is for all 3-4 years of Bachelor's Degree.
The fire brigade arrived at the scene in time to extinguish the fire but due to the excessive heat, it took several hours to extinguish the fire.
According to the heads of the research team, each of the students has donated T.2 lakh in this regard.
However, during this lockdown, we can close the village roads or village roads to prevent foreign vehicles from entering the village without permission from the village leaders.
“All systems of circulation have been abolished by the government.
Sanbor together with several party leaders expressed their full support to Fenella Lyngdoh as the BJP candidate for the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong Constituency.
He said that the Municipal Board, the DC and the Dorbar Shnong should come together to solve this problem because since 1990 they have been taking over the garbage dump and therefore this will not happen. I can't help you, so we have to find a place where I can't wear a shirt.
The DSO's office said that for unavoidable reasons, the meeting has been postponed from 26th to 29th April and the time will remain the same at 11 am & 2:30 pm.
A total of 3,066 people have been discharged from hospitals.
Shillong, November 18 : U Bah Bindo M Lanong MDC, who has been appointed by the Governor of KHADC, on Tuesday said that he will send a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, tomorrow morning. The NPP EC under his leadership has fully supported the UDP leadership. Bah Bindo said that his name has been sent to the Governor. The UDP has appointed the first MDC in KHADC during the tenure of Dr. Donkupar Roy (who appointed him as MDC). The UDP has refused to give ticket to a non-party candidate. The UDP has refused to give ticket to a non-party candidate. It is for this reason that he has to contest as an independent candidate.
Shillong: The 3rd North East Blind Football Tournament will be held in Shillong from Tuesday with 10 teams and more than 100 players from the North East. including the state of West Bengal.
Shillong: U Bah Alfonbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the Hill Farmers Union (HU) Central Body on Tuesday visited the farmers of Lyngka to understand their problems. farmers in Sohphoh, West Jaintia Hills and the entire area.
Family breakdown and possible breakdown of sons and daughters.
Also present on the occasion were MCA Executive Members Nababratta Bhattacharjee (MCA President), Bah Gideon Kharkongor (Honorary Secretary), Dhrubajyoti Thakuria (Honorary Treasurer) and Apex Council Member. ), Bah Shiningstar Lyngdoh (Manager Cricket Operation) Coach and players.
This superstition has indeed become flesh and blood and has reached the hearts of the children of the country since the time when the flood of spirituality spread in our country.
Shillong, Naitung 3: According to the Public Information Act, sent by Kong Agnes Kharshiing, out of 11 women who have been tortured in Tura on charges of rape, three have been tortured in Tura. Six of them were tortured from the neck, one from the neck and one without any injuries.
He said that the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution is necessary because the nation is recognized as strong through the recognition of the language.
It is also alleged that he not only threatened but also started to stretch out his hands to the daughter and injured her in the face, ears and body.
For example, when you kill a man, you should shoot a ksew, you should not shoot a cow. Therefore, use your brain like the wise and don't bury it inside the sharai.
Deiwa Dkhar, daughter of Kong Rit Dkhar, in her speech, expressed her happiness and gratitude to the MPUF for finding ways and means to help build a suitable house for them to hide from the cold rain.
Speaking to media, CoMSO leader Robert June Kharjahrin said that at the meeting held today, it was decided to hold a mass protest in the city. Shillong on the occasion of the lyngkhuh anniversary of the state.
Khliehriat, March 3 : Police of Lumshnong Police Station, East Jaintia Hills today evening seized 44,900 bottles of Phyensedyl from a truck number JK02AU
Jowai, November 23: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Through this petition, Ri Bhoi District has also stated that Ri Bhoi District can generate 250 to 300 Mega Watts of electricity and at the same time it is one of the districts in the state, which has been able to generate 250 to 300 Mega Watts of electricity. It has collected a lot of revenue from electricity projects, which means that it has been able to collect about T.25 to T.30 crore per annum.
Briefly on the incident, it was learned that Bah Plo Lyngdoh, said that he was living with only two friends inside the house and at the time of the fire, he was alone, because his wife. he was going to work in the field.
So to say that the Central Government has not placed new orders is wrong.
It may be recalled that the athlete has also participated in many tournaments abroad in Guwahati, Delhi, Goa, Uttarakhand and others.
Many messages we have received on social media have questioned the authenticity of the work of the Kyrmen Foundation.
The former Minister of Transport admitted that these weighbridges in the State are not illegal and have been implemented in accordance with the Weighbridges Policy.
The incident was committed by a man named Dilshad Nianglang.
Teilang Kharumnuid scored the third goal in the 21st minute and another in the 38th minute.
These people walk and stand among many people who are full of diseases but they don't get sick even when they eat any kind of food.
Rajasthan Health Minister Raghu Sharma said the tests worked only 5.4 percent of the time, out of 90 percent. lerkam faithful.
With this victory, Ladthadlaboh have earned three points and Khimusniang have earned three points from two games.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 3, EKH: 97, RBD: 6, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 2, WGH: 4, WJH: 10 and WKH:
Nongstoin, March 23: “The lack of proper laws and regulations has led to the violation of the customs and traditions of the country and the nation,” said the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem. Public meeting of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Rambrai Hima.
Indeed, it will be a blessing to the whole world, for death is all over the world.
Ardent also recalled the incidents in the past few months, when the VPP had staged a protest against the Reservation Policy, in which he had been staying for more than 221 hours near the Addl Secretariat.
The BJP in Meghalaya has decided to monitor the schemes implemented by the central government in the state to ensure that there is no corruption and has appointed Bah AL Hek to lead the party. to follow these things.
Introduce a law relating to the payment of salaries in non-government colleges.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on the 22nd of this month, issued an order to the Nongpoh Town and Umsning Town Durbars, They should set up such Market Committees, so that they can work with the government and especially to prevent the spread of COVID-1
In addition, the Minister informed that in the border areas of the States, the Government has set up up to 7 border outposts.
Taking into account the information received, the police seized the vehicle and after that they found the nine persons who had hidden inside the vehicle by covering themselves with knives. not used in cleaning the road.
When the State Reservation Policy (SRP) allows to apply for posts except for other ethnic groups if there are not enough applicants from any category in any year and the shortfall will be taken forward only within one year , the Roster System allows those who have not been able to fill without limits to be promoted.
She was taken for post mortem and other legal requirements.
Rahul Pohtam has lodged an FIR at Umkiang Police Station.
Explaining on the news, Bah Balajied Ranee said, “The idea that I will leave the UDP party is just an idea but at the time I left the Congress there was a reason. They have suspended our MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, and we believe that the MLA is the person we will win if they suspend him and suspend us.
The clash occurred on Saturday between the two states when residents of Vairengte village in Kolasib district of Mizoram burnt down houses built by residents of Lailapur in Cachar District of Assam.
The report said that the storm has also caused damage to crops and in connection with this incident, the village leaders of these villages said that They have already informed the Block Offices and Nongstoiñ Police Station for action on the incident.
“It is surprising that even after 20 years of construction, the department is still living in a house in Lad Mawreng,” said FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Kitboklang Nongphlang. news today.
Sadhu said he has received requests from political parties and civil society groups regarding the repeal of Section 144 CrPC especially regarding the ban on rallies but this order was issued with the intention of ensuring that that the peace and order shall not be disturbed and also that the movement of the passengers shall not be disturbed.
Shillong, March 27: The deadline for receipt of applications for the HSPDP tickets for the mid-term elections from Nongstoiñ Constituency after the death of the party Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh said that four candidates have applied for tickets from the party.
However, the MDCs who introduced the resolution said that it is the problem of the Executive Committee (EC) to support the ILP as it will only urge the government to take action to implement it.
France have qualified for the second round of the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
He urged the government offices to conduct more programs and provide public awareness especially in the rural areas.
The Doloi of Jowai District, Bah Pura Kynjing, has urged the voters to turn out on the 19th of June to elect the MP to the Lok Sabha.
Bah Bishar Nongphlang, Rangbah Shnong Mawtari, said that initially the villagers and other neighboring villages were happy to learn that the government intends to set up a Residential School in the area. The building has been erected, but the joy is only temporary, because for many years it has been left without implementation.
The HYC Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President and Samla Chestar Kharbani, conducted a raid on the eight foreigners. State today at three places inside the Nongstoiñ Market.
Even from such a small country, there are many rang kynsai and this has shocked and made me very proud.
“This RTI request should inform the public regarding the collection of T.6,29,18,877 crore by the Shillong Civil Hospital in three years alone. "Well," said Mr. Disparsing.
The MDA government should have investigated the reasons why the enrollment of old schools is low especially in rural schools.
Nongpoh: The volunteers of Umroi Nongrah Village in collaboration with the Village Authority of Umroi Nongrah, on Thursday, distributed foodgrains to more than 104 poor families in the village. the village.
Let the universities and colleges seek opportunities for young people who are interested in IAS to organize various programs every year related to the subject of IAS such as seminars, workshops and others. intellectuals and experts who can encourage young men and women to fight until they pass this examination.
Iran has fired 20 missiles at an Israeli military base in the Golan Heights and its Iron Dome defense system has shot down most of them. forest.
In the tie breaker, Aiba FC won 7-6 on the Teer Counter to win the title. Aiba FC goalkeeper Ebenson Warbah saved three penalties to lead the team to victory.
The psalmist said: There is a beautiful country, which those who believe see from afar.
He said it was a plot by Assam to intimidate the people of Meghalaya who did not want to join Assam.
In India, about 35,000 children are born with a sore throat each year, which is a problem due to the lack of screening and treatment. unique.
“If the employer fails to provide a mining license from the central government, documents from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Forest & Environment, Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and others, It is understood that the construction of the mining company in the area has not been done by any company like the Geological Survey of India, UCIL, AMD and others but by the Geological Survey of India, UCIL, AMD and others. you're a private person," he said.
This was stated in a reply by the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, to the Legislative Assembly.
He said that the government's attempt to include CRPc and CPC across the state should work only in areas not under the jurisdiction of the autonomous district council.
Others who attended the meeting were Rev BR Sohkhia, Rev R Imiong, Principal of JJM Nichols Roy College, teachers and students.
“We don't care if the government intends to implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873, but what is needed is to introduce a strict law like the ILP,” said Roy Kupar Synrem.
JOWAI: This is the time when the farmers have a happy face because it is not the time to harvest soh rice, but their hard work for 10 years has been wasted by the heavy rain. well in the last three days.
Therefore, we too have the right to decide whether to win or lose any candidate,” said Bah Kharjana.
The office of the District AH & Veterinary Officer and the HFU as part of encouraging him to develop the cattle breeding industry, honored him and presented him with a plant cut tree. tip like a chaff cutter.
British intelligence agencies say Kharkiv, Chernihiv and Mariupol are still in Ukraine's hands, despite heavy Russian bombing.
Morigaon Police have also seized three mobile phones, an unlicensed vehicle, a Bolero Pick-Up used by the three youths from West Jaintia Hills, and T .95,000.
The discussion in Sohiong was that the UDP's joining the MDA 2.0 government will affect it in the elections.
In another arrest, the police have arrested a member of the Kangleipak ​​Communist Party (N) from T Leishang Kotland village in Kotland. area of ​​Kangpokpi District.
In the second semi final of the tournament, Salaroh FC beat Rymbai Shkenshynriah 1-0
He said that on Saturday, the health department conducted a test for the people, as it was the Amlarem market day and on that day 40 samples were taken and On 21st November 2020, three persons were confirmed Covid Positive.
New Delhi, March 4: The Central Government's decision to approve the new state of Telengana has sparked protests and protests in the Seemandhra area. The Union Minister, who is also the MP from the constituency, has resigned from his post due to his strong opposition to the division of Andhra Pradesh.
“According to the record, we received a tip at 10.15 pm and fire engines were immediately sent from Iewduh.
On his part, he congratulated the management of the school for their ability to achieve the goals of the school.
They urged that the drivers of vehicles should stick to their own routes so as not to clash or cross lines according to the tenders submitted.
The Chief Minister's Level Inter School Athletic Meet, 2023 will be held from 26th to 29th June at SAI, STC, Shillong, NEHU. campus.
Iraqi Prime Minister Shia al-Sudani, speaking to media and relatives of the victims, announced that the court had decided to grant The execution of these three persons on that day is a sign of the rights granted to them. those who died in that year.
It is the duty of all the citizens of the State to develop each other.
Andrew Wahlang and Lamphrang L. Mawnai scored the goals for Mission Braveheart.
He said that through this project, up to 3 lakh farmers across India will receive assistance through the National Horticulture Board and the financial assistance is about Rs 12,000 crore so that they can improve their agriculture. three parts.
Meghalaya will have to face Manipur or Mizoram in the final to qualify for the title.
Organizer.org has issued a report titled 'Panic in Assam', which means that there is a lot of concern about the illegal payment of money to the media.
There have been states like Goa and others where it is no longer allowed to catch, eat and sell jakoid.
The union demands that the case against this person should not be as long as the case of Vicky Dey.
The District Disaster Management said the worst affected areas are within a 10km radius of Darak village and the affected roads are from Darak to Poyom, Darak to Bogo and Darak to Potom.
The total number of cases so far has risen to
Dikermi Main.
We also have the word RYNG-KANG, which means that the horse is Rynkang next to the tree.
Rida also noticed that he used to struggle to please and love her by bringing her wonderful food and tea when she was in the shop.
We are afraid that this Law Kyntang which was given by our ancestors will be destroyed by the greedy people,” said the residents of Mawphlang.
In the quarter final, Umphrup Sports Club beat Maitshaphrang Football Club 2-0
He said that for this reason, there has been a stir where Bah Thomlin has ordered the farmers not to pay any more, but there are also those who do not believe his order and there is a stir. The group in which those on the side of the Rangbah Shnong attacked those who paid the rent to the owners.
Kiang Nangbah Government College has many problems not only the lack of teachers, but even the Women Hostel has not been opened yet.
However, this is not true, because the fertility of the soil depends on other characteristics of the soil besides the presence of the nutrients that the plant needs.
The age limit will be up to 30 years and those who have been in government service will be given another five years and another 10 years for those with disabilities.
Jaintia Students Union, Central Body 24.
The state government has had to impose power outages for 8-9 hours a day due to the shortage of electricity in the state which has affected the work of the people.
Shillong, March 29 : The ticket market for the National People's Party (NPP) for the MP elections next year has been slow especially after reports that there is no single candidate. or two candidates, but now there are more and more.
"Then he heard the answer of the tree, “Am I not angry with you? I have helped you and protected you from the heat of the sun, but you have not thanked me.
The union has investigated the case and after finding out the truth, has given a strong warning and handed him over to the police for further investigation.
“We also want to make it clear that this time it should not end with the visit to Delhi but when they return to the state they should explain clearly what came out of the talks with the central government and why or for what reason. The Central Government has delayed the implementation of these two issues passed by a resolution in the State Legislative Assembly.
The 36th Annual College Week of Ri Bhoi College, ended on Saturday at the ground floor of the College. Come and take part in College Week.
Shillong: The Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church has announced a temporary closure as part of the efforts to curb the spread of Corona Virus in the state.
The Registrar acknowledged that the work of the Court is running smoothly with the assistance of the existing staff.
Shillong, March 30: U Bah A.Rani, MDC Jirang, on Tuesday said that his constituency of Raid Myrwet has now become like Raid Marwari, which is a place where foreigners have invaded.
These Rangbah Seinraij Raliang reminded that in the past there were umpohliew around the village but now all these have disappeared due to the destruction of the forests.
The Iranians are said to be planning to attack Israelis in Cyprus, Turkey, Georgia and Greece and have also handed over some Pakistani groups to participate in the attack.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkrang, said that this may be because the robbers are trying to take advantage of the law and order situation. There have also been arson attacks in various parts of the State.
Furthermore, there is another characteristic of him that is a little strange and that is that even though we are friends, he doesn't share the news at all (like children do today) and he wants the newspaper to jongu, I will produce only the news.
Daryl William Cheran Momin is the son of Chief Minister Capt WA Sangma.
There was also an explanation on how to prevent the spread of the disease and there was also a blood donation, a meeting and others.
At the same time, the union said that according to the government's plan, the location of the gate is at Athiabari or Kamriangsih but both these locations are not suitable because in the These two places still have roads to enter and leave and the union said that they should be placed in suitable places so that the purpose of installing the gates will be successful.
The winners will be able to lead and participate or lead from the district to the State Level in Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 25: The State Government on Tuesday announced that it has accepted the decision of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to discuss the issue of replacing the Metor area with Mawlong Market.
Shillong, July 9: Regarding the curfew called by the HNLC, which started at 6 pm on the 10th of this month and will continue until 6 pm on the 11th of this month, a meeting has been postponed today. Employees of Government of India offices, schools, banks, police and Deputy Commissioners, the Director General of Police and other senior officers were present.
At the same time, she asked the people of Nongpoh Constituency to give their full support to her as the BJP candidate and if she comes to power she can do many great things for the benefit. For the people of the constituency as the BJP party is in power in the country and even in Assam is ruled by the BJP party which we are happy to work with for the sake of bringing about change in Meghalaya. added.
On the 4th of this month, the Seng will hold a meeting in Nongpoh and on the 10th in Mawkyrwat.
kilos per card at the price of T.3/- per kilo for those without AAY card, 5 kilos per card at the price of T.3/- per kilo for PHH and 7.215 kilo per household at the price of T.12.70/- to T.13.00/- per kilo.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Teinwel, who is also the former CEM of KHADC, said that during his four terms as MDC, he has met many issues related to the Council, especially the need to protect the privacy of the Council. Without the district council, the nation will not survive.
Ahmedabad: Police in Gujarat have arrested the owner of a spa shop in Ahmedabad, who was caught on CCTV camera beating and raping a woman from Nagaland in Ahmedabad.
“There have been discussions with the Government of India that the funds allocated for this project will be taken away and used for other projects in other zones or areas of the State which are willing to accept the railway line. ," he said.
The ethnic clashes in Manipur have been going on for more than 10 months and there have been horrific killings and displacement of residents.
It is something difficult to understand.
Visual Information 237.1 (572); 3.
There are also places where the ancients planted trees along the rivers to form a bridge to cross the river.
“We demand that the government should resolve this incident immediately,” said the HYC leader. The Minister of Home Affairs said that there is a plan to meet between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya.
He said that since he won the MLA election from the UDP in 2018, he has been in the party and has worked hard for the development of the party. year all the time.
Burial will be at the Mawlai Church of God Cemetery in Lawmali.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date for the mid-term elections in Nongstoin Constituency today. The MLA of this constituency who has won the election without being defeated even once from this constituency until his death.
Police have arrested the trader and the ksew on charges of violating the rules to prevent covid.
The union said the illegal coal traders are related to people who are close to the powerful people in the state.
A Yale University team has tested for rhinoviruses at a temperature of 33C, which is less than the normal body temperature of 37C. that 50 years.
Therefore, it is appropriate that the residents of Mawkyrwat need the spirit of cooperation and bring more development works in many areas and especially to win this struggle. now forward.
Shillong, March 31: The Association of Persons with Disabilities today planned to march to the Secretariat, but could not march because they were blocked by the police.
The robbers broke into the church and attacked with sticks, stones and sticks.
He said that these days, there are also people who take pictures of themselves by sending them to this app and this is a crime and they should not do such a thing.
Speech by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh on the demand of ACHIK for Tura as the capital during the rainy season. in Tura, who described this as a violation of the vision of the leaders who created the State for the Winter Capital.
Prestone Tynsong, National Vice-President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the MLA scheme which costs T.2.5 crore per annum is only for the benefit of the people. those who support the candidate who wins the election and not those who do not.
He resigned from the post of MP on Tuesday after winning the MLA seat in the mid-term elections from South Tura.
Earlier, church leaders also expressed their disagreement with the celebration of Good Governance Day on the 25th as it is the most special day for Christians.
Replying to the comments from the ruling BJP, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, he said the Congress party has made it clear regarding the promise, saying that There was no announcement or proposal to ban the Bajrang Dal as the ban on any party on their activities is within the decision of the Central Government.
Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria took five wickets for 51 runs in 16.2 overs in the first innings, while Benedict Jones Makdoh took two wickets for 24 runs in nine overs. He took 2 wickets and scored 50 runs in 22 overs.
The money collected from the pockets of the people, has been used to buy ambulances, which cost about T.4 crore, but these ambulances, to carry whom, when they do not know where the patients are and then The curfew for months has not been able to curb the spread of the disease, but has allowed it to spread rapidly and these are unfortunate incidents that have continued for many years. almost half a year in a row.
Lajong will lose several players who were injured in previous matches such as Phrangki Buam, Damaitphang Lyngdoh, Kenstar Kharshong, Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah and Sangti Janai Shianglong.
Security by the CRPF and State Police has been strengthened in areas where there may be election disturbances.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said that the government wants to expedite the implementation of the Special Multi-Task Force. if necessary but also to create jobs for the youth.
Are you a scientist? if you don't have that, tell me your name.
From tomorrow, the eyes of the "lemon rule" as Mr. Hoover said, will see that the Riewlum, men and women, old and children, are ready to suffer, in order to get back “The Land of the Blood of the Son of the Father.
In a statement, the AAP said that the Emergent Executive Committee meeting held in Shillong has decided to invite the people to join the party and those who have already joined to meet by phone at ki number 9862041663, 9436118164, 9774102474, 9436164181,9774176212,
She said that she had to go to Bed.3 years without school and children.
The celebration was enriched by special songs by the Youth of the Church, Children's Prayer, Drill by the Children of the Church, and blessings by the children of the Church who have left behind.
This will help in the development of health and education in the working methods,” said the Minister of Child Development.
The new members are Kiran Singh Thangjam – President (Manipur), Vice President – ​​Bidhan Ballav (Sikkim), Donny R. Ranee (Meghalaya), General Secretary – Nagen Bongjang (Assam), Jt.
Nongstoiñ, July 16: On the 1st July 2024, the Sordar of Mawlangkhar Village, Nongstoiñ, has informed that an elderly man has been arrested. The unknown person has gone astray and has come to the village.
According to information received from the state government, there are eight land customs stations in the state, including one integrated check post in Agartala.
In other words, it is a lymmuh struggle.
The new cases include EGH:2, EJH:2, EKH:63, NGH:1, RBD:21, SWKH:3, WGH:15, WJH:13 and WKH:
Shillong: The 18th death from covid-19 in the state has been reported by Larihun Mawrie, 42, of Laitkor Mawrie, Umheh, EK Hills. Meena Thapa, 60, of Nongmynsong, EK Hills, was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong on 03-06-2 death: Pranswell Thabah, 60, of Nongrah Lummarboh, EK Hills, died at home on 03-06-2 Bah Keney Warbah, 18, of Siejiong, Mawkasiang, EK Hills, died on 03-06-2021. He died on 03-06-2 Gredison Sangma, 51, of Sonamite, Garobadha, SWG Hills, passed away on 04-06-2 Heranath A.Sangma, 65, of Dakopgre, WG Hills, died on 03-06-2021 at Tura Civil Hospital, Tura. Neela Khonglah, 53, of Mynthong Pohkseh, Jowai WJ Hills, passed away on 25-05-2021 at Supercare Hospital. Iostelin Dkhar, 58, of Pynthorlangtein, Shillong, passed away on 03-06-2021 at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai. Bah Jurbor S.Cajee, 71, of Jaiaw Laitdom, EK Hills, died on 15-05-2021 at Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong. Bida Kharmuti, 55, of Mawiong Umjapung, EK Hills, passed away on 30-05-2021 at Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong. Kasstar Lyngdoh, 38, of Nongrah Nongpdeng, EK Hills, passed away at home on 03-06-2 Radika Devi, 45, of Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi, was admitted to Bethany Hospital Shillong on 01-06-2021. She passed away on 04-06-2 -05-2021 at Civil Hospital, NongpohEubrenal N.Marak, 36, of Chasinggre, Rongkhon, WG HillsU passed away on 30-05-2 Joyful Lamare, 59, of Tpeppale, Jowai, WJ Hills, passed away on 25-05-2021 at MCH. Phina Susngi, 50, of Nartiang Moodop, Ialong died on 02-06-2021 at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital. , Jowai Bah Khira Nongrang, 60, of Mawlieh Laitdom, WK Hills, passed away on 02-06-2 .
Shillong: CoMSO leaders today summoned to appear before the Sardar Police Station for leading a protest on 13th November 2019 in front of the Governor's House against the government's bill. The Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA)
Shah said the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has launched many programs for the health of the people of the country.
Furthermore, the Seng demands that compensation should be sent to the person who violated the law for the people who have lost their jobs and their daily wages especially the poor who have been paying for their income just to fill their income. daily food.
However, at the same time, the man also plays an important role as the breadwinner, the worker, the protector of the woman, the household, the village, the raid and the war.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) and must include the required documents as stipulated in the Establishment Act The deadline for submission of application forms is 15 th June, 2020 along with a registration fee of Rs.500/- For more information please contact the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills. District.
He said the UCC cannot operate in Nagaland because there is a Special Act passed by Parliament under Article 371 A which protects the state and the Naga people.
Shillong, June 9: U EM in charge of the Elaka, Bah KP Pangniang, who was inside his office during the protest by the people of Shnat Raid Tynring, has spoken to the KHADC. “We are still in doubt whether he is the Sordar of Tynring or Shnat Raid Tynring,” said Pangniang when asked about the reason for the protest. The KHADC on 16th October has suspended Bah CA Diengdoh, Sordar of Raid Tynring.
A control room number 03654280152 has been launched for any questions related to the election, and a toll-free helpline number 1950 has been launched so that the public can lodge any complaints related to the election. the election.
The organization will work to improve the knowledge and health of the youth through sports.
We hope that one day Sonapyrdi will become one of the most beautiful tourist destinations in the world if the people cooperate.
“I saw that they threw the child into the garbage can,” she said.
However, he did not get the presidency because of the election of Zoramthanga by Laldenga's supporters.
Those who shall be present at the dorbar, sorbar and khadar judgment shall be (1) the king together with the chiefs and elders (2) if there are only chiefs and elders (3) only the king and those who great and (4) only great are enough.
Earlier, there was a religious ceremony in the morning which included Than Blai at Sohblai's house, Knia Puja at Law Kyntang and Shad Mastieh in the presence of the Dolloi of Raliang Elaka, Chawas Lyngdoh and other religious leaders. religion.
“We have proposed that there should be a Regional Level meeting every year in the North East to discuss the main issues of climate change and how different states they can work together".
Gandhi said he took the decision for the sake of transparency in the working of the party and especially after the Congress lost the Lok Sabha elections. depth.
Urging the people of Meghalaya to immediately reject the Congress in the MP elections, Rio said the people should elect the UDP candidate to win the Lok Sabha from Shillong constituency and the National. People’s Party (NPP) and Tura.
The woman agreed with me and said, “That's you, our school, there is a child who failed class-VIII. When I asked him why he was in class-IX when he failed in class-VIII, his answer was – My father sent me to class-IX”.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of State, Rangbah RL Kharpran, Chief Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Kur and Samla Roy Kupar Synrem, Chief of Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
On the other hand, u Bah Paul also warned the owners of the state, who used to work or used to smuggle shops of foreigners by saying, “They have forgotten themselves, because now it's time for the shops of foreigners. The Council is well prepared to arrest such people because we have our own law to ensure that we arrest and arrest the villagers who have been employed by these foreigners to bring in Khasi. to send away or to send away their inheritance.
The ongoing repair and strengthening of the Umiam Bridge has been implemented by the Dam Rehabilitation Improvement Project (DRIP).
What happened to Conrad.
“I have not received any letter from the state government.
ban.
If you put it in these places, it can help you a lot.
Aitilang said that as the VEC Mawngap has already announced that they have already constructed the CCRoad road, she has also gone to the office of the Block Development Officer to apply for the Utilization Certificate. The UC certificate was issued by the BDO of Mawphlang Block, EL Warjri.
Speaking to media, Pairing Pale said that until these days, the state government has not turned its attention to the problems of those with disabilities. Many of those with disabilities have been discouraged by the fact that in these days of unemployment they find it difficult to support themselves and to rely only on themselves. ing your sem jongki.
If the government doesn't do it.
At the end of the speech by both the cases, the DC said that he will send this message to the government through the photographs they have taken and the writings to the government. The government will send it back to the High Court for a decision.
Vehicles have been ordered not to park along the market road from Motphran/jeep parking lot to Iewmawlong to avoid traffic jam on that day, said a statement from the Syiem of Myliem.
There are some people who are not afraid and want to avoid any situations that can frighten or worry them.
In fact, the price of dewbilat should have increased after the ban on coal and mining where the price of equipment used by these companies has dropped,” said Bah Khongwir.
Shillong: A four-member delegation from Punjab sent by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Capt Amarinder Singh arrived in Shillong this evening to seek clarification from the Meghalaya government on the safety of the Sikh community. in Them Mawlong Market.
The maintenance of this road will start from 4th May, 2024 at 4.00 AM to 7th May, 2024 at 4.00 AM.
On the other hand, the ADM has spoken to the doctors, who said that Kharshiing has not been able to say anything till today.
The protection of children is essential and should be taken seriously by all.
However, despite the many problems faced by the farmers, no one has come forward to raise the voice of the farmers to the government authorities.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today held a meeting with all the Presidents of various political parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on many issues. The visit of Indian Defense Minister Amit Shah to Shillong on the 24th of this month.
On arrival at Mukhroh, the Chief Minister visited the homes of the refugees and handed over 500,000 tyngka which the government has promised to provide as compensation to the families of the refugees. caught in this incident.
The training was attended by JSU Extra Assistant Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District and Secretary SI Thamar. The meeting was conducted by JSU General Secretary Treibor R Suchen. Welcome speech by Father George Lyngkhoi Principal of St. Anthony's College Extension.
The President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Umran Dairy Unit, Bah Lisingson Wardkhar, said that the two villages of Umphria and Warisan have been living in darkness for more than 10 months due to the floods. MeE CL's failure to repair the broken transformer and replace it with another one.
This is calculated because the day and the night are equal.
Ricky was abducted on the 7th of this month from his residence in Umsur village, but on Tuesday the Bangladesh border troops arrested him along with the abducted robbers. He was handed over to the BSF troops in Baghmara on Saturday and on the same day he was handed over to his relatives at 2 pm and arrived in Shillong at 1 pm. in the day of blei.
He said that the family had gone to Assam for police assistance but could not be found.
Only three candidates including Bobby Kharshandi, LG Nongsiej and Babu Ning Marthong have received their application forms.
The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw today said that the NIA has summoned the leaders of the HNLC to appear before the court. 30th November, 'it is a violation of the covenant'
Among those who joined the TMC today were members of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC), who claimed to have 90 percent Congress members. Those who joined the TMC include Rupa Marak, Rupert Sangma, Adamkid Sangma, Saljagring Marak and former MPYC President Richard Marak.
He said the matter has been resolved and there is no violence between the Meghalaya and Assam police.
“Children nowadays, instead of sending letters to their parents like on their birthdays, they send gifts and this is sent through the Post Office.
Similarly, many of those in Jaintiapur have been destroyed.
According to information received from the office, it no longer accepts NOCs from Rangbah Shnongs if necessary but only accepts related documents from the government.
The match between the two teams ended with Selajong Football Team reaching the final with a 3-2 victory over Lamare Football Club.
One of her passbooks contained T3, 30,015/-, another T.1,70,000/- and another T.2, 70,000/-. The amount registered at the Post Office has reached 8 lakh 26 thousand.
These drugs have been purchased and distributed to various health centers in the state, and these drugs have been placed at the Central Medical Store for immediate dispatch in case of emergency.
The Prime Minister has visited the North East more than 50 times in the past eight years, while the Ministers have visited the North East more than 400 times.
The party invites the VDP Unions, Sordars and Secretaries of Villages, Village Youth Associations and other NGOs to join hands.
His words of encouragement are truly encouraging to us to work harder in implementing this 'Jal Jeevan' scheme to provide for all the households in the state.
If you are still trying to deliver only to Plapei, remember that we cannot move anymore.
“We have talked to the Mawphlang Hima to allocate 75-25 per cent of which 75 per cent should go to the Council and 25 per cent to the Hima but the Mawphlang Hima has not accepted this,” he said. Rangkynsai said the KHADC has had to look after everything and pay the employees at Mawphlang Heritage Village and it is not enough to provide from the revenue collected from the village.
As found, the companies having ties to him are said to be controlled by him," he ordered.
According to Vanguard newspaper, the Jerusalem song inspires and gives hope especially to the Palestinians or Arabs of Palestine and in a video recorded at the Babal Majlies in East Jerusalem, young people they dance to the tune of this song with their traditional dance style.
The HNLC said it is ready to surrender if the government can include the issue of sovereignty in the peace talks.
Simon Coelho, Prof. Monotosh Chakravarty, Dr. BW Nongbri and some teachers.
“In Laitumkhrah, we use force, we drive out the vendors, we don't listen to the allegations of knieh ja kpoh, because we need too much cleanliness,” she said. .
In the men's category, Bah Swonding Mawlong, 57, won the special prize by finishing in the time (40:54) and Badon Singh Tham, 50, won the special prize by finishing in the time (40:54). (40:55), while Bah Pynshngaiñlang Dkhar, 50, finished in 41:2
Our Government has also emphasized the need to improve public services and accelerate the implementation of various programmes.
She said that cigarette shops should be kept at a distance of 100 meters from schools or any place where there are many children and if anyone violates that, they will be punished. thousand T.5 thousand or imprisonment for up to 2 years.
“Our people are strong and strong.
She appealed to the employees to end their strike and believes that through the hard work of the EC and together with the council employees, the State Government will take action to release the remaining share of the council by the end of this year. month of November 2023.
Bah Shakliar Warjri expressed his happiness for the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri and urged the elders to continue to work hard to promote the activities of the Seng Kur Warjri.
The two schools that will compete for the title will be Umrynjah Presbyterian School against Christ Church Morning School.
Speaking on the occasion, the family members of the child said that the incident is indescribable.
When asked about the Aqua Culture Mission launched in 2012, the aim of the project is to increase fish production in the state, but this project has not been successful, as the state still relies on about 80 percent of foreign fish. “I am not saying that it is 100 percent successful but how many percent successful.
These two departments have passed without interview for 19 posts which have not been sanctioned according to the findings of the union.
Shillong, March 13 : Ïewrynghep Secondary School, Mawnianglah beat Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra 1-0 in the Reliance Cup U-16 category by beating Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra 1-0 Friday at Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Shillong, June 6: The Joint Director of Civil Hospital, Shillong, Dr M Barthakur, has been shocked to learn from the media that there is a shortage of medicines at the Civil Hospital, Shillong. This incident has affected the health department and especially the Shillong Civil Hospital.
Therefore, if they join together in the end, these will be the tallest crematoria in India which will break the record of the Liat Prah-Um Im Labit Crematorium which holds this title to date.
Shillong: The Director of AH&Vety, Bah C Shilla, today said that the price fixing of food items has been divided into two parts and by two suppliers for the Khasi Hills. and Garo Hills.
The plane crashed while flying from Surabaya, Indonesia to Singapore.
The Hynniewtrep, who was born in the Bri U Hynniewtrep, is a man who loves his own, his own people and who loves only his own people.
In all these years, the people have not paid any attention and have elected even people who do not even know the laws and constitutions of the state and the country.
He said that according to statistics, Meghalaya has the highest number of drug users in the country.
Anxiety and fear can last only a short time and disappear, but they can also last a long time if you stay in fear.
He was also directed to cooperate with various groups such as the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Rangbah Shnong if necessary.
He said the government should investigate into the incident of Bah Sylvanus and Rahul as it has put the people in great fear.
He said that every remote part of the country has its own refugee camp. Bery said that the NITI Aayog looks after the States and the Prime Minister believes that India will grow if On the ranking of States like Meghalaya through the reports of the NITI Aayog, Bery said that the NITI Aayog has produced many rankings and the Government of Meghalaya understands this well. and smart to take measures whether it is Central Government schemes or other measures to introduce schemes for Meghalaya and have many successes.
Bharadwaj said the CCTV cameras and footage seized were seized by the Public Works Department and are now in the hands of the relevant authorities.
He also expressed his satisfaction that this center which is only 3 months old has been able to produce many youth and talented people and urged them to make good use of this centre. center and the skills they have to develop their skills as a source of employment and income.
When they fall into the water, only the fire that the water carries from the factory's discharge reaches the bottom of the river and when they fall into the water, it becomes like a shrah hand.
Explaining, he said that the CEOs are the leaders of the Election Commission of India in the States and should ensure that people can meet them.
He gave a strong message that those who have been addicted to drugs should give up completely to rebuild their lives and those who have not yet experienced drugs should not try because once addicted, it is difficult to kill. he shall be chained to the slave.
“I don't want to say anything because many of the candidates who have left our party to contest from other parties, it can be the best or the worst decision,” he said.
In addition, according to this order, trucks carrying stones are prohibited from exceeding the length of the body of the vehicle, and drivers are required to ensure that no stones or stones fall from the vehicles. during their transportation.
This is a prayer that the Priest can pray by himself without taking up the prayer of the Congregation.
Perhaps at first the sellers will say that there is no buyer but if there is no buyer in the place where they used to sell, they will go straight to the place set by the government.
He also brought a picture to the table and said; “This is a picture of the CM with his wife and Henry at one of the major programs in Delhi.
Then Sohblei Mawroh killed the pig from the right side.
“There is a rumor that the power of money has been very strong in this election in Ranikor, which has led to the defeat of MM Danggo,” said Bah Rowel.
Banks and other offices are closed and state government offices and schools are also closed.
The GNLA said it had received information that women and children who went to look for wood in the forest had escaped from the police but many of them were injured due to the fright.
If there are those who have not been injected twice, then all the assistance from the state government will be withdrawn,” said Keshab Mahanta, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Carness Sohshang said that sports is one of the sports which builds the body, shapes the mind and character of man and is essential for the development of the country. health in all aspects.
On Friday, 94 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1413 in the state.
However, if we can cover these wells, the water will no longer flow to the ground to pollute the groundwater.
Police have handed over the body to the family members for the rituals.
Furthermore, the Chief Executive Members submitted to the President a draft of the proposal to introduce the Schedule Khadlai to have a party-less Federal Council or Regional Council. The Dorbars of the Himas to have their share in the administration, customs and judgment of the Khasi States, Sirdarships, Dolloi, and the Council of Nokmas, and strongly requested the President to take action to talk to the Government of India to fulfill the promises as made.
What is God's Kingdom? When we read about God's Kingdom, the Bible does not teach that we are no longer citizens of this country and that we have another kingdom.
Even in the midst of that understanding that we are “Paradoh-Parasnam”, the stories say that those Khasi chiefs of old fought against each other.
The Forum invites all the people from all the 36 Legislative Assembly Constituencies to attend the meeting to discuss the MP Elections to be held next year.
Ma Sniawbha said that the Regional Committees from both the States have recently conducted a joint inspection of the areas involved in the dispute.
On the MP elections, the party is ready to nominate candidates after considering and choosing from many, it will announce one.
The term of office of the government in Meghalaya will end on October 6, in Nagaland on October 13 and in Tripura on October
DSE and Kingsmen won the final of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Open Basketball Tournament.
The members of the Association were also informed that the meeting will be held at 10 pm at Pynrusla Nenggate Dorbar Hall.
“The allegations will continue to arise and it is only through investigations that can be verified and independent investigations have been appointed so that no one can be deceived so that the truth can be revealed.
The report also said that the Mumbai Indians player in the current IPL, has improved his ability to tied the ball in the few overs, where he has also helped the team. He has built his IPL team to be the most successful and successful in the current IPL.
During the investigation, two men involved were arrested and brought to court.
Another of them said that she met Malik at the studio, where he said that she was very happy, because she didn't have a boyfriend and there, he started to leave her, but when she turned away, he turned away. Now.
Spanish football club Real Madrid have announced the signing of England midfielder Jude Bellingham in a deal worth 103m euros. .
We also urge the party to accept her (Dr Nonglait) as the party's candidate to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
He said that in fact, the government should not only wait for the ILP but should implement the existing laws to curb the entry of foreigners.
In a statement, the FKJGP sends a clear message to the state government and all the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) that the FKJGP will not hesitate to continue the campaign. The party stands firmly on the basis of love and protection for the people in any way, if the State Government or the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) do not allow that. Notification to ban the Sengbhalang as a threat, but when they themselves cannot and do not allow others, the Sengbhalang will do its duty to maintain its ownership of the country.
“These MDCs also claim that the District Council is an autonomous body, so the laws such as the 10th Schedule do not apply to them.
“I appeal to the top leaders of the HNLC not to have any feelings and doubts because we have taken action from the Government whether it is the State Government or the Central Government,” said Prestone.
Replying to a question by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on the Government's inability to increase the salaries of employees under the SSA program in Meghalaya, the Minister said that the The salary was paid by the Management Monitoring Evolution and Research (MMER) of the Ministry of Education, Government of India.
The coronavirus has not only killed the sick, but in Africa, there have been shootings, looting, because the people do not have food and it has been difficult for the soldiers, to maintain peace and order in various parts of the continent.
The Additional CS said that the FAs who have completed the training will be better able to provide training to the villagers on how to preserve the land and the environment.
Healthcare providers lose days of earnings, sell and mortgage assets, but there is no guarantee that the expenditure will lead to recovery.
“We have received many questions through the Helpline Numbers released by the government.
The Dorbar Shnong through the Secretary Shnong Riqouma Rq Laloo has urged the residents to take care and protect these animals. forest without harming or shooting them dead.
He said that they should think better for those traders who sell their own goods and not those who sell others.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said that the party has not yet considered a candidate for the upcoming Rajya Sabha seats. long shen in the State.
“Now the DCs don't need to come to Shillong to get any permission, but they have been able to take an independent decision regarding the release of the necessary assistance. “It is in relation to basic necessities such as food items, building materials such as household items and others,” said the CM.
Ianeh Phawa scored the first goal for Pasyih Youth Cultural in the 49th minute.
“The North East is a region inhabited by a small minority and the implementation of the CAA is a major threat to the minorities in all aspects.
“After I joined the new Executive Committee, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynïaid Syiem has sent a letter to the KAAC. “To talk here we don't understand and I don't want to talk about it,” he said. The new EC will visit the area personally and I will lead them so that our people when we return will not face any problems,” said Bah Charles.
However, the Model Code of Conduct, although it has been able to control many areas, has not been able to prevent the emergence of wealthy candidates, many of whom are contractors or businessmen.
Leadingstar Khongiawlur, Sordar, Raid Lyting, said that the three men went to Wah Thyllong, last night, after casting their votes. It is not known whether the vehicle fell into the Ranei River while they were leaving or when they were returning home.
After receiving information about the felling of trees, in another phase, there will be collection and processing.
In fact, the PWD (Roads) and others have tried to dig a new road in the villages but when it was announced that the service will be canceled in 2021, the works have started. to play chess and play chess.
What is the reason for all this.
It is on this basis that it is beneficial among those who have heart disease.
“It is the story of the struggle that Meghalaya has emerged as a full state, and this present generation should spread the message to the world,” he said.
Ma Kyrmen said discussions have been held to provide doctors, nurses and other staff in the hospitals.
He added that the people in this regard should be wise and farsighted and should not be misled by those who call themselves leaders or groups and At the same time, they should not be deceived by the power of money or be deceived by any activities that benefit only during the elections and if they want change and benefit to the people before they take The decision to elect those leaders should be carefully considered so that we can get those leaders who have a real responsibility for the country and the people and not those leaders who think of themselves. , he added.
Tomorrow, there will be heavy rain in Shillong, while in other places, there will be heavy clouds.
Amlarem, Lber 29: The Amkoi Village Council under Amlarem Sub-Division has held its Shad Rongkusi again after 15 years since it was last held in
Shillong: UDP Leader Lahkmen Rymbui, who has been appointed to look after the Home Ministry, has admitted that the Prime Minister's appointment of the Home Ministry to him should not refer to the party.
The incident took place at Samaspur village in Bharthana of Etawah district of UP. Two days ago, there was a birthday party, when the writer arrived with a letter. , she went ahead, but while the writing and the laying of flowers was going on, the woman suddenly collapsed and when the doctor came, it was reported that she was dead. you are from the shadow.
“We as journalists are ready to support you in the good things you are trying to do.
The Election has started again in June 2023 and this magic will continue for more than two months. from now on.
Born to his mother, Rimai Nangbah in Tpep-Pale, Jowai, he was a farmer whose son used to fight against the French.
The construction of this road will be a great blessing to the people living in dozens of villages in the area, which is also one of the areas in the country. It is bordered by Assam.
Know ye not the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ? For though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich. for unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord" Luke 2:10-1
JM Listen and Rtn.
The hatred of this inheritance of Israel was from the beginning after God blessed and promised Abraham through his descendants, because God promised and chose the Jewish nation and the land. for God had purposed from the beginning of eternity to send his only begotten Son into this world through this Jewish nation, and he also chose the land of Israel and Jerusalem as the center of the universe.
However, reports said that the NPP will find it difficult to remove anyone from the Cabinet because it has worked within the government.
Shillong: Two more cases of Covid-19 have died in the state today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
He said that talks have also been held with the NTPC to generate electricity from the waste but the answer received is that the waste in the state cannot be used to generate electricity.
Speaking at the opening session of the Budget Session today, the Governor said that the civil society has worked with the government on this issue.
“Shynrai Lakadong is a popular commodity across the country and abroad and it is very important for us and the Ministry of Agriculture to promote the cultivation of Shynrai Lakadong to increase the income and livelihood opportunities of the farmers,” he said. " said Mr. Banteidor.
Akash (Services) won in the lightweight 57-60kg category against Varinder Singh (Railways).
Shillong, July 22 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has not yet decided whom to support in the presidential election. The MDA will support the BJP candidate of the NDA government, Droupadi Murmu, as she will be the first indigenous woman to win the seat.
Jharkhand: About 181 members of the ethnic group whose ancestors were Christians for many years have converted to the Tynrai or Sarna religion in their respective villages within the religion. Garhwa district in Jharkhand, according to a report published in the Navbharat Times.
Since the time of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the District Council has been working hard to improve the market from the cleanliness of the market. adequate footpath and also how to improve the quality of this busy market.
At the end of the meeting, Bah Peter Thabah, ADC East Khasi Hills, said that the meeting with the leaders of the Mazdoor Union was successful and the Union has decided to suspend the meeting. The Mazdoor Union has decided to continue the transportation of Umphniang to Meghalaya, as the Mazdoor Union also understands the plight of the people, if they stop the transportation of Umphniang to Meghalaya. the state.
Sangma said this in response to a briefing by Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang on the approval by the Cabinet of Ministers of the age limit for various posts in the country. agencies Government which appeared in one of the media.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU leaders expressed their satisfaction to see that the school has increased in the number of students, to achieve the goal of the KSU that education and knowledge is the main goal. eh, in order to bring about any change in the country and the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The price of petrol and diesel has been increased by 12 times in the past six months. In November 2014, the price of petrol and diesel was T.73.75 per liter while the price of diesel was increased by T. The price of petrol has been T.58.48 per litre, and the price of petrol has dropped almost every 15 days since November 2014 which has been 12 times and at present the price of petrol is only T.56.36 per litre. Diesel is T.46.40 per litre.
We should also learn from those who have come forward to declare themselves positive.
This order clearly shows that the Lokayukta is indeed a powerful tool that can fight corruption if the people are willing to take the lead in lodging complaints.
Therefore, we must take care of it.
Grace said the KHADC cannot violate the agreement signed between former CEM Ardent, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem and the two ministers. Mylliem Hima, Minister K. Langstieh and Minister MB Kharlukhi.
Explaining some of the activities of the AITC, Mahua Mitra said that it is the only party that is willing to stand against the BJP in India. The BJP has lost its strength in the past few years.
The festival was enriched by the distribution of awards to three filmmakers from the North East who have received the 69th National Film Awards.
There are those children who have fallen into the Shiah signs.
“One tin of golden drugs costs about T.8,000 tyngka while those sold in lyngkhot papers cost about T.300 tyngka,” said Vivek, who is also in charge of the Narcotic Task Force.
Umkiang Parish became the winner in Football after beating Lumshnong Parish by tie-breaker, Jowai Parish won the women's basketball category by beating Khliehriat Parish.
Shillong: Volunteers of the Rashtriya Swa Yamsevak Sangh (RSS) on 4th June 2020 took to the streets to explain to the public how to prevent the spread of the corona virus across the markets in different villages in West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
Joycy is the only child of her three sisters and her mother.
"The party will select the candidate who has the best prospects, and the names of the candidates will be sent to the party leadership in Delhi for approval after careful consideration," he added. more.
The danger is that the government has now vowed to abolish the schools with low enrollment.
MD-NHM, Dr. Lana and Lyngdoh Nongbri, Sr.
“I will build the Laitlyngkot Elaka Dorbar Hall and a monument to Bah Bring will be erected there,” said the Sohra MLA.
In the women's 50 to 59 years old category, Ibameri Shullai won the first prize, Soniya Sharma came second and Vihaya Gupta won the third prize.
It is now up to the Government to decide what to do.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The Congress has already elected 43 candidates so far and only 17 constituencies remain. The formation of Block Congress Committees (BCCs) in these constituencies is ongoing.
However, an IAS Officer who is not from our community has come and there is no more confusion within the DSC or RTI on the availability of vacant posts.
Article 44 states that the Central Government and the State Governments shall endeavor as far as possible to introduce a single law to govern the private life of persons whether marriage or divorce. divorce), and in other areas where women are subjected to discrimination.
Therefore, according to all these explanations, I feel that it is no longer up to us, the parents, to take away the honor and authority of the parents, it is the parents who have the right to lead their children. children, because he alone has the right responsibility for his own children.
The mother of the police chief has appealed to the Supreme Court after the High Court dismissed the first case on October 22, 2016 and refused to send another inquiry into the case. the death of his son in Patharkhmah.
It means that until Jesus hands over the KINGDOM to God, Jesus will lead the victors to heaven to that Eternal which is not yet seen.
The health authorities have ordered and warned the patient not to go out in public places and to isolate himself in his own room at home to avoid any infection. other family members and neighbors.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Kitbok Thabah, President of the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association, who said that this is the first time that the Association has organized such a programme. honor the heroes of India who fought for independence from the British.
In the evening, the players arrived at the PA Sangma Stadium to prepare for the opening ceremony and to follow the rules for the visit of the President of the United States. you country.
So it was in the house of Ksan's mother.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle has sent a message of Merry Christmas and New Year to the people of the area and the whole of Hynniewtrep.
The BJP MLA from Shillong South was speaking after the National Vice President of the BJP for Meghalaya, Dr. Chuba Ao recently announced that the party will decide to withdraw from the government. MDA within six months.
The BJP has reportedly gained strength in Inner and Outer Manipur.
To showcase the beautiful handicrafts made in the North East, a stall 'Focus North East' was set up in collaboration with the North Eastern Handicrafts & Handloom Development Corporation (NEHHDC).
Replying to a question by Mahendraganj MLA Dikkanchi D Shira, Lahkmen said that among these SSA schools, there are those which have only two or three students.
Jowai, Lber 25: The Dorbar Shnong Pdengshakap on Saturday held the semi-final of the 10th Secondary School Football Knock-Out Tournament 2023-2 Rymbai SC beat Thrangchynnam FC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Therefore, it is wrong for those who deserve to receive treatment using their mobile numbers.
According to the village leaders of Madan ïng Syiem, they said that they will provide a burning ground at Lum Nongkhlaw, the land owned jointly by three villages of Mylliem, Madan ïng Syiem, Syllai U Lor and in the Village of Kyrgyzstan.
“The Prime Minister has made it clear that if the roster is not available, appeal to the court and we would like to say that if anyone does not appeal as he wants, any decision of the court will be issued soon. “Therefore, we feel that because the work of making laws and policies is the responsibility of the Legislative Assembly and the government, we are giving our opinion to the government,” he added.
About 80-85 clubs have attended the biggest TMS in Asia,” said Rajan, according to a statement from the AIFF. United FC Pvt), Andrew Suting (Shillong Lajong), Rajat Kumar Singh (Dalhousie Athletic Club), Prithvijit Bose (Barasat Football Club), Sankar Dhar (Kharda Football Club), Debasish Bandyobadhyay (Howrah Football Club), Goutam Goswami (Durgapur Football Club), Pirdas Mondal (Burnpur Football Club), Tapas Kumar De (Midnapur Football Club), Arup Ratan Ghosh (Siliguri Football Club), Jayanta Chatterjee (Nadia Football Club), Premankur Barua (Bangalore JSW), Avijit Ghosh (Janbazar Athletic Club ), Arun Prasad (Mumbai United Club).
“At the same time, speaking on Mahatma Gandhi's Quit India Movement, he said that the world's richest man, Bill Gates and the WHO should leave India.
Of the two, the Congress has already proceeded to announce its own candidates.
“Besides these four MLAs, there are still many who have joined the BJP,” said Alphonse.
In the Under-17 Boys category, Rangthoh Christian Higher Secondary School lost 2-0 to Kerlin Secondary School by a tie breaker.
The cost, time and energy to build the Shillong Greenfield Airport will also be higher than the cost of upgrading the Shillong (Umroi) Airport from what it is now. to board and land larger and wider aircraft.
But on Friday, another 49 had failed.
In the second match which started at 4 pm, Pommura SC beat Mawnianglah YSC 3-0 to score three points. AndyStar Kharsati scored two goals for the team.
Therefore, in order to prevent violations of the election campaign rules, the Election Commission of India (ECI) has ordered through the District Election Officers (DEOs) that no election campaign should be held in any district. constituency after the end of the election campaign period, that is, after 4 pm.
“I was looking for the Kmie Ngap (Kiaw) and I found 3, from these three 6 Kiaw and from 6 12 Kiaw which means I have to make 12 ksing,” said Shylla. .
When contacted by the KSU, the KSU found that although the doctors are trying to improve the services of the PHC which has been in existence for decades, there are still many equipment. a clinic is still needed.
Think of us also the nurses, To wear PPE how much suffering, Feel like in hell cold and sorrow, But we endure Even if the fire burns.
Marngar said that after taking the final decision, the government will send it back to the government to take the necessary action.
The safety of our residents is of utmost importance,” said Sangma.
This will also be on the day of the G20 summit with the participation of the Foreign Ministers of these countries in India.
We have many problems and we have decided to stay in Assam and we don't want to go to Meghalaya,” said Lakshmi Sedai, General Secretary of AGS. ha Lumpi and it is our people, who protect the border, from the theft of land from the neighboring state and it is because of the presence of our people, that they have not been able to seize our land. " said the Sedai.
He said that this app is also available to those youths who have disabilities.
Lakyntiewshisha Tang, the winner of this tournament, will represent Meghalaya at the National Level to be held in Delhi which will start before Republic Day (26th July, 2022).
Manish Sharma also scored 2/38, Agreas Chamcham Sangma 1/52 and Jaskirat 1/6
If they know that they are with them in the field, they do not forget to associate with them.
The woman has been suffering from fever and shortness of breath for 7 days while her oxygen has reached only 65% ​​and she has pneumonia at the time of admission. at Nazareth Hospital on the 13th of November.
“The problem of upgrading the roads to National Highways is due to the problem of land but the government has taken action and recently I held a meeting in Baghmara and I learned that soon “We will get the land to improve the roads in Garo Hills,” said Rakkam.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District on Tuesday decided to pay compensation for the murder of Tyngshain Mukhim, son of Bries Lamare.
Tld, that CMJ Breweries Pvt.
Chavan suggested that the ED team should have conducted an inquiry into the existence of illegal earnings as it has been found that there has been no implementation of the rules within the education department.
MLAs will have to resign as members of the Legislative Assembly because they will contest from other parties.
The public meeting was held at Bishop Hall Nongstoiñ and all the Congress office bearers from Nongstoin constituency attended the meeting.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest who is also the MDC of the area, Krison Langstang, congratulated the Mission for its arrival in the village and for the completion of this medical center for the health of the villagers. the public.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah EC Pyngrope, Jowai.
In another order, the District Magistrate has also banned vehicles from parking at petrol pumps and no more than two vehicles are allowed to park at one place along the NH-40 from Pahamrioh to Umling.
Assam police have arrested two senior leaders of the Popular Front of India (PFI).
Shillong: During the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Tura, Rev Frithing D Sangma, Pastor, Garo Baptist Convention, opened the prayer. , Achik Baptist Contribution Cream.
“Cow's milk will protect everyone, it eliminates radiation and it is scientifically accepted,” Kathiria said.
He said that the construction of the new district jail is underway and once it is completed, the prisoners will be transferred from the old jail.
Although the dairy industry is a new concept in Meghalaya, there has been an increase in the consumption of dairy products in the state, which has been successful in the management. market to the farmers.
People and nations who have experienced poverty under the rule of kings have understood that if they continue to live in oppression and exploitation, the time will soon come when they will not there is no one to know righteousness or to understand the meaning of life.
The purpose of this scheme is for farmers to form Farmer Producers' Groups.
However, after 1994, on 4th June, the Governing Body changed it to Sngap Syiem College.
The death toll in the country rose to 400 on Sunday, bringing the total number of deaths to 1,7
However, we should not believe this unfounded statement of the Government because the report of the Government itself, such as the CAG report, clearly shows that the inability of the Government to issue Utilization Certificates to the Central Government is Another issue that we have to think about and take action on is the participation of the Shnongs or Dorbar Shnongs. The SSA scheme clearly states that Tribal Autonomous Councils or Dorbar Shnongs or other groups, established in accordance with the Acts and participated by the villagers in accordance with It is unfortunate to say that until now in Meghalaya, especially within the Khasi Autonomous District Council, we don't have any rules of procedure for the Dorbar Shnongs. to enable us to participate fully.
For more information please call 8787748558,
Shillong, July 12 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has prepared to welcome the former MLA of Mawkynrew, Bah Remington Pyngrope, who has elected the NPP MDC from Laban Mawprem. He is also one of the NPP leaders in the district.
To date, the water level in the Umiam Dam is 3163 feet and many areas have been covered with hills.
He said that on their part as the youth, they can no longer set and can no longer stand the government's actions and that is why they came today to demand that the government you can change your reservation policy.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: “It is the plot of Mukul and Bah Hek to mislead the people,” said the Congress leader.
if we do not take preventive measures while there is still time.
The fire also represents a complete change.
The video was produced and composed by Josephas Thongni, while the video assistant and composed by Maryng-od was directed by Sir.
Harshit Prasad of Tura CA won the Man of the Match title, Ankit Tamang of Shillong CA won the Man of the Series title and Best Man of the Series. The umpire was Shankar Newar from RBDCA. Those who witnessed the closing ceremony of the tournament included Naba Bhattacharjee, Chairman of NECDC, Bah Gideon Kharkongor, General Secretary of MCA, Bah Gideon Kharkongor, General Secretary of MCA; MCA Treasurer, RBDCA President, RBDCA Secretary Michael Kharhunai and many other dignitaries of the area.
R. Macri.
The explanation also followed the rules of social distancing by staying away from each other along with the use of masks and hand sanitizer according to the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There were also only a few people in the exhibition due to the rules of closure.
Meanwhile, the Mawsynram MLA, who is also a member of the Committee, said that they have directed the Social Welfare Department to take action to look into the welfare of the mother of these children and also the siblings. of me.
Shillong, July 10: U Plieborlang Nongsiej, a SWAT officer, has lodged a complaint against a SWAT officer on the 9th of this month at 9:25 pm. When he reached Wahingdoh near Ram Kri L.P.School, four young boys turned on him and blocked the road without allowing him to play chess. shot him with a sword.
In the case of tobacco, it has many effects not only on the user but also on those who are nearby or even breathe in the smoke.
The All India Football Federation (AFF) has come forward to propose to the MFA whether it is ready or not to accept the tournament. I.League Sunando Dhar to the MFA officials and also to meet face to face with the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Bantdeidor Lyngdoh last month.
Out of the 29 MDCs, the NPP has 12 MDCs, followed by the UDP with 9 MDCs, the Congress with 6 MDCs, the HSPDP with 9 MDCs, Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang and Bindo. M Always.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU President K.Shabong said that the KSU has received information that the Lenpdengshnong has decided to cancel the Mela in Sohiong. The KSU has been suspecting that there has been a clash between the two villages on Saturday , on the other hand , the KSU has rushed to the scene They went to talk to the police at Sohiong Outpost.
The match on the 3rd of November will be between Sohmynting and Luti Tuber at 12 noon.
Another issue that the union has sent to the CEM is the permission of the village headmen to foreigners to work in the village through the Post Gramin Bak Sevak (GDS) among others.
In a petition submitted to the Prime Minister, the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today demanded that the government should not build the road because the people are ready to build the road. this place.
Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills, one of the villages with three secondary schools, has now received the status of Higher Secondary School with the upgradation of Nephington Laloo Memorial Secondary School to Higher Secondary School.
The OC said in a letter that after receiving the complaint, he has launched a thorough investigation into the allegation against Marcuise that he has violated the MCC. The Returning Officer shall receive such complaints and shall also take decisions.
“We don't know why the police and the International Hospital have not been able to provide the CCTV video. We are still in darkness,” said the family of Kong Victoria.
So far, no political party has announced its candidacy from Jaïaw constituency, but only the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has already strengthened its villages.
In the Mawshyllang Raid, there were Majaw, Bhoi Tron, Mawshai and Kharbteng. In the Shilliang Raid, there were Nongbsap, Pyrtuh, Lawbnang, War Khongsti and Sadew. It was headed by the Pathaw Bah and under it there were the Pathaw Lariew, the Kur War Sadew and the Lyngdoh Sadew.
Meghalaya has reported 807 deaths from COVID-19 with 10 deaths on Friday.
Another official said that in the past two years, even during the lockdown, the people have not been worried because the Government of India and the State Government together with various groups have provided rice, dai, sugar, rice, edible oil and others reached many villages and households.
Preparations to continue the border talks in the second phase have started but have been interrupted by the shooting death of six people by Assam police, four of whom are Meghalayans. in Mukroh.
Those who say, 'I don't want to take part in politics, misunderstand that politics is part of society.
He said that the injection campaign is ongoing and 66,000 doses will arrive in a day and this is for those aged 18 to 44 years.
Regarding the presence of two polling stations in the village on the border with Assam, the HNPF said it will lodge a complaint with the Chief Election Officer of the state.
The reason is to have non-Ministers to be the heads of these bodies.
He also spoke about the problems faced by the state in terms of electricity generation and to curb this, the state government has encouraged the residents and government departments to use the electricity generated from the electricity supply. and the government has taken measures to install solar plants in the sub-divisions.
The winners of the gold medal will receive a cash prize of Rs 5,000, a silver medal of Rs 3,000 and a bronze medal of Rs 2,000 along with medals.
Dr. M Marbaniang, Officer of State Surveillance in the presence of Minister of Health and Family Welfare AL Hek and other officers and doctors from NEIGRIHMS, said that there is no case of the disease. Corona virus in the state.
In order to strengthen their crops under this mission, they have been able to set up plants to extract oleoresin and curcumin from shyrmit and have immediately started preparing geographical indication (GI) tagging and traceability for them. and shyrmit Lakadong.
Regarding the statement of the Executive Engineer that the failure of the roundabout is due to the lack of contractor and designer, he said, “If the works go smoothly, all the works are done by them. There is also a need for all those who have a hand to take responsibility and that is why all those who have a hand in this should take full responsibility”.
Jowai does not have adequate parking spaces and public toilets in the market places.
Shillong, July 25: Due to the overloading of trucks passing through the Dawki Bridge which has caused a serious threat to the people who have to pass through the same place lest the bridge collapses. The Jaintia Youth Organization (JYO) has expressed its strong opposition to the trucks carrying excessive loads and passing through the bridge. that this excessive hand puts them in great danger.
Karnataka beat Meghalaya by nine wickets.
We especially request the Dorbar Trai Ri from the Hima Dorbar, Elaka Dorbar, Raid Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar and Kur Dorbar to take action to protect and maintain the border and also to give your right hand. sha kaban protect your border.
Bah Shanbor took it and went to sit in the bedroom to read.
On the other hand, the Minister also praised the university for its rapid development since its establishment and establishment as a place where students from all over the North East come to seek education. The Government of Meghalaya has given its full support to the construction of the PA Sangma International Medical College and Hospital at the university.
However, we have decided that within 90 days of the complaint, the Police have to inform the victims.
This weather condition has adversely affected many residents in the entire area.
We urge the authorities not to complete the construction of the Medical College at Barapathar, but to find another clean, suitable and suitable site for the construction of the Medical College and Hospital.
Methamphetamine was seized by the Assam Rifles from Melbuk village, Champai District, Mizoram on 23rd November
What should and should not be done during strong winds, thunderstorms and lightning: Check the weather before doing any outdoor activities and do before going outside if there shall be heavy rain, wind, thunder, and lightning.
Shillong, July 30: BSF troops have seized 30 grams of Neogel Explosive (class-II) from Bholaganj, on the Indian border. Bangladesh on Tuesday.
Regarding the Entry & Exit Points, it was urged to expedite the Social Impact Assessment (SIA) especially in the remaining Ri Bhoi district.
“On behalf of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, we have already sent a memorandum to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and expressed our opposition to the provisions of the SOP. The first thing we are against is the 100 hectares, this is something that causes problems to the people especially in our area and those who work in coal. Because there are still hundreds of hectares of land, we are against the rules that say that no company or foreign company wants to apply for a prospecting license. The states can sign the approval for the prospecting license and this rule will affect the customs and traditions of the country and our people because until now we in Meghalaya are still against it. “If we look at this SOP, it is clear that there will always be Benami in the coal mining industry,” said the EJNC leader. Government has built for the introduction of Benami and for High Level.
The tournament, which started on 5th July 2023, has been attended by 32 teams.
Or they have only a few daughters.
Meanwhile, the Assam government has brought many journalists from Guwahati.
Try one or more of these secrets to strengthen your immune system.
Jesus stayed at Lazarus' house after he raised him from the dead.
Hospitals on the NEIAH site have private wards, maternity ward, operating theatre, yoga centre, physiotherapy unit, panchkarma unit and others.
Shillong, March 30: The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) have decided to join hands as a coalition group to nominate a joint candidate for the Lok MP elections. Assembly 2024.
The concert will run from the 9th to the 12th.
How sick my soul is, Because only one longs, To be happy for the Khasi Khara children, Others don't want it to be like that.
The award was presented by U AK Pansari, Chancellor, Royal Global University.
Others who attended the meeting were PK Srivastava, Principal Secretary, L. Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Revenue and Disaster Management, Sanjay Goyal, Deputy Commissioner and Shri Shivajee Singh, Senior Consultant, NDRF. (NDMA).
In North Garo Hills, there are 5 cases, 49 in Ribhoi, 14 in MIDC and 8 in Rangmen.
RG Lyngdoh is the son of Peter Garnett Marbaniang, a politician and brother of East Shillong MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh. In 2003, he was elected to the Laitumkhrah Constituency.
Today, more than 86% of farmers in the country are marginal and lower income earners.
Chief Executive Member, GHADC, Albinush R Marak, Executive Members of GHADC, Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, VS Rathore, Additional Deputy Commissioners, Heads of Various Departments of West Garo Hills District Garo Hills District has participated in this meeting.
At present, the country's players have prepared themselves well for their trip to Australia by participating in the Senior Women's National Coaching Camp which is currently being held at SAI, Bengaluru.
Other dignitaries who attended the function included Prof. AJ Patowary, In-Charge Dean of NEIGIR HMS; E.Sohkhia, Secretary Dr.I.Tiewsoh and other members who gave training on Basic Life Support (BLS) for 85 members of the State Police.
Another issue from the election in Sohiong, even if it is only in one constituency, is an election that can shake this government.
When asked when these items were delivered, she said, “This month they delivered one Saturday morning and another Monday morning.
This is our goal and desire.
He said that before building it, he looked at examples from YouTube and Google to build the drone and the necessary equipment.
If the public remains silent, it is as if they are encouraging the perpetrators of illegal activities.
“We welcome all the leaders who have come to join the party and we have already arranged that for the year 2023, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong will be the candidate from Nongpoh Constituency. and Bah MM Danggo from Ranikor Constituency, where we will set up Block Committees which will include old and new members so that the party will be stronger”.
He said that there are traders from Assam who bring cows to Khanapara before the market. When asked which traders are more prominent, he said that there are three traders who are more prominent but he does not know their names. .
According to the union, the driver of the vehicle was not from the police department but from the fire department and the vehicle was not bullet proof.
“It's a sad thing to see this, I'm really sorry,” he said.
Raising the issue, the MLA said that according to the order issued on July 25, three major offices including the office of the Executive Director of Operations and Maintenance, the Director of Contract and Procurement and The Director of Corporate Project Monitoring, along with the Information and Technology Department and the Finance Wing, have been shifted from Shillong to Guwahati.
Before reaching the final, Nongrim needed to score the first goal of the match as they had already beaten Laitkor by a goal difference.
Police have taken the body and shifted it to the morgue of the Civil Hospital, Khliehriat for identification and collection.
He added that the VPP party has not ignored any issues and before proceeding it has considered and investigated thoroughly and such as the Job Reservation Policy and Roster System of the party. The strong opposition is because it is not adequate and needs to be improved and monitored so that it does not become biased in the employment of youth.
The UDP also demanded the cleaning of the 1 km road from Mawkyrwat-Jashiar via Marshillong, which has been prepared at a cost of T.44,72,300 and also the improvement of the Weiloi-Jakrem Road to Wah Rilang. The road constructed under the NLCPR scheme from Mawkyrwat to Rangblang is 28 km long and has cost T.50,75,16,0
This action of the NEIGRIHMS authorities is thoughtless as it will make it difficult for us to go abroad for one day to write this examination,” they said.
He said the reason for the translation into Khasi is because many Khasi believe in Muslims and till now there is no census as they are still collecting their census.
“Whether it is the arrest or various operations or investigation, the government has received information through complaints from leaders, MLAs, businessmen and citizens on the demand letter. “This has prompted us as the government and through the police department to conduct a thorough investigation,” he said.
He said that Ukraine will not surrender and will not make peace until it gets back these rightful parts.
He informed that Forms 9, 10, 11, 11A received from the office of the Electoral Registration Officer will be distributed at the polling stations of the Assistant Electoral Registration Officer and at the polling stations by the Booth Level Officers.
Sometimes she argues with her husband but she is a forgetful and stubborn person.
Binita has two children, Kavya and Rohit.
In the same competition, Dr. Junali Das won the best poster award for her paper, “Pure Red Cell Aplasia – Report of a Case Series.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Director General of Police, Sally Ryngkhlem, President of the Synjuk Waheh Shnong, said that the government has ignored the opposition of the people of the area. coal from Assam shows the lack of responsibility of the government to protect the region from the corona virus.
Shillong: The Sub Divisional Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub Division has lifted the curfew from 8 am to 6 pm for the 5th October 2020 and the curfew will resume from 6 pm on the 5th October lber 2020 until further notice.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
V.Thabah, Education Secretary, KSU.
There were 727 males and 724 females and a total of 1,451 dancers, which was a blessing, especially when the sun was shining. The 'mei ngi' came to be dressed in a new dress.
“On Tuesday night the first batch of rescued arrived in New Delhi from Jeddah by plane.
So far, 9,400 health workers have been reported to have contracted the disease.
Ganold won the MDC election three times in 1979-84, 1984-89 and 1989-9
We understand that the most important task of this government is not to bring about development or to think about the welfare of the people, but it is clear that the goal is to promote illegal activities. of people funding their businesses as well as lining their pockets.
:The music video of the song 'ALE' from the film 'SATAR', is produced by Emdor Suchiang, while the dance teachers for this song, include Wanbet Shympliang & Micky Lyngdoh.
Therefore, the GSU wants the CEM of GHADC to expedite this matter.
Shillong: The increase in crime and theft in these days has increased dramatically due to the increase in drug users who are no longer allowed to steal from the rooftops of the houses. On the 22nd of November 2021 at about 10 pm, four youths and a woman were arrested by the police after the authorities of Laban and Oxford Shillong. Three persons have been arrested on charges of drug trafficking on top of the Harrison Bridge.
Conrad filed his nomination papers in the presence of North Tura MLA Thomas A Sangma and Dipul R Marak, CEM of GHADC. , by Ms.Sabrella B Marak.
Then they reached another place where there is no road where there are only 4 or 5 houses and there they came by car and changed the car to carry him about 3 times.
“In fact, we have used the stones and soil on the PWD road,” said Bah Mylliemngap Sordar Dhar Kompeni.
He said that in order to improve our legal affairs according to the circumstances of today, three new laws have been introduced under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh and after the promulgation of these, within 3 years. our legal professions will be among the best in the world and pursue Science education.
This knowledge not only turns the cloud into water, but also has the knowledge to produce the cloud in the sky and from this cloud, they shoot to turn it into rain.
“There has been a suggestion from the experts that we can convert the project to 6MW and we are looking into this issue (before taking a decision),” Mondal said.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : The North East Indigenous Peoples' Forum (NEIPF), Shillong Chapter, has demanded that the State Government should implement the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (PIT-NDPS) Act State to curb drugs in the State.
“Before coming to the District Council, I phoned the CEM of KAAC to ensure that the people of Raid Nongtung should not be harassed,” he said. The MDC also thanked the MDA government for appointing an Expert Committee to look into the bills sent to the District Council. The court shall be responsible for District Council Affairs.
The meeting was conducted by UDP General Secretary Kitboklang Nongtdu in the presence of leaders including Sanbok Rymbai, Chem Biam, Lephing Pyrtuh, Marki Mulieh, GM Lamar, Deisa Muruh, Kong Robila Mylliem Pdah. Peter Kharmuti, Tiarsing Nongrum and others.
Here we see that the village authorities want to protect and preserve the dohum, while the government is struggling to stay away from the people.
“Who is not allowed even if the Prime Minister says that we will inform the people of the state about this?” asked Bah Robertjune.
On the other hand, the MDC said that although it is a small donation, it is a sign of his involvement as the leader of the area, whether in happiness or sorrow, to share with the people.
Alexander Papiah (29), Johnviano Bamon (38) and Da-e Kyrpang Phyrngap (50) scored the goals for FAM.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: According to a complaint lodged by B Ryntathiang, resident of New Nongstoiñ, on the first day of this month at about 4 pm, her son was shot dead by a woman. 13-year-old, she was raped by a foreigner who used to take tuition classes with her at his residence.
The elders, youth and children attended the meeting.
Another reason is that this village is the route of the Hati Khlaw because near this village there is a place where the Hati used to cross the Myn-i River from one side to the other which is called the Charcoal Heart.
The Governor's decision came after PDP leader Mehbooba Mufti went to the Governor to demand the formation of a government with the support of the Congress and the National Conference.
MS Rao also urged the Assam government to allow food trucks to pass through the districts of Assam especially during the curfew.
From the beginning, God had a plan for Israel and the whole world.
Shillong: The Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Sneha PD Sangma, on Tuesday said that the investigation should be completed within four months.
The NPP leader said that in the mid-term MP election from Tura constituency, the NPP has defeated Dr. Mukul's wife by 7000 votes from Ampati constituency and now it will be Dr. Mukul's turn to win. We have won 7000 votes for Lok,” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that she too is surprised at the dumping of expired medicines and ordered an inquiry into this.
This scientific trick of the French has worked indeed in that many tribes are in confusion, and those who lack the faith in God according to the teachings of their ancestors follow the French religion.
“We have decided to appoint those who have passed the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) for these vacancies,” said Shangpliang.
Therefore; O ye women of the Kur, let us marry whom ye have chosen of your own free will, as it is until now; Nothing can be stopped, because it has been lyngkrang since 1765 onwards during the time of Major David Scott and independent since 1945 onwards during the time of the US and British troops who came to temporarily station in Shillong. .
In this budget, Mukul Sangma, who is also in charge of the state budget, has introduced a budget of T.10,173 crore followed by a revenue collection of T.8981 crore and a capital of T. Rs.1192 crore.
Following the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to strip the powers of Rangbah Shnongs in the state, Rangbah Shnongs can no longer participate in any programs of the central and state governments.
I am a good reader of the newspaper, there was an announcement in 2021, for 35 MCS (Meghalaya Civil Services), but in 2023 a corrigendum will be issued, out of 35 14 posts will be allocated. Khasi-Jaintia and Garo and 7 others have been appointed for the Reservation Roster.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Cabinet meeting today was held to discuss the Rangbah Shnong Powers Act. They include (along with the Prime Minister) Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Zenith Sangma, Rowell Lyngdoh, HDR Lyngdoh and Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The church was built by Bishop Victor when he was Parish Priest of Laitlyngkot and was improved by Father Jolius Kurbah Syiem and Father Edwin Kahit.
Today, the rainfall in Sohra was 2.0mm, in Shillong there was no rainfall and in Umiam, it was 20.2mm.
He said that various police departments of the state as well as the border police, are fighting as much as possible to curb the smuggling of drug traffickers and illegal traffickers in this regard. task.
Referring to the MDC elections, he said they hope to win a lot especially in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
And those houses made the river a stream.
Nongpoh, Naitung 30: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District has issued an order to all meat shops in Ri-Bhoi District to close their shops so that there will be no public display of meat. and he commanded them that they should sell only the flesh that was freshly slaughtered, not the flesh that was rotten or unclean.
Keynote address was delivered by Rev.HH Mohrmen Secretary, Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), who said that this training is for the purpose of strengthening organic farming. hi from before.
He said that this project is also very important because it is for the safety of the people who come and go in the state as it aims to provide safety especially to women which will help to catch the people. thieves and lawbreakers.
But no man lived there and we know that because the Bible tells us – God said that he created only the earth for man to live on.
He also received the rank of Governor before he went to Jerusalem with the power and authority sent by the King.
Speaking of new films, Hrithik will be seen in Fighter which will be released in July 2024 and Priyanka has acted in several films. Hollywood and also in Jee Le Zaraa starring Alia Bhatt and Katrina Kaif and directed by Farhan Akhtar.
He also ordered that the government should ensure that the teachers who are still working and those who are no longer working should live in peace with their relatives and should not suffer because of money.
I think the government has had a golden opportunity to show an example that it is not biased between the powerful and the powerless.
Earlier, the In-charge Head Mistress of the school, Kong Y Lamare, told a brief history of the school since its establishment in 1960 and submitted a petition to the Minister on the proposal to improve the school. the construction of a multipurpose hall and a basketball court.
He said that there are 30 high risk contacts of the soldier and out of these 24 are negative and 6 are positive today.
Two matches between India and Pakistan will also be played in Sri Lanka, although the PCB wants to play them in Dubai.
In the evening one day, Panah said to him, 'Go and steal the cows, For there are few people in the village.
Shillong, March 17: The Government has increased the allocation for the Contingency Fund from R.105 crore to T.605 crore.
Similarly, in the world, this understanding is essential.
Shillong: The office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Shillong, has informed the people that the markets in the Hima have been allowed to open from 29th July, 2020, therefore, the office informs and announces that the Sohra Market will reopen from that date.
The tournament will start from 18-22nd July.
It is also because of the protest of Agnes Kharshiing, a volunteer of the state, who has complained against the corruption of the leaders.
“The plan has failed, because Bah Process T.Sawkmie is not a member of the UDP but Panah has been given full power from head to toe,” he said. Mr. Prestone.
Shillong, July 6: The Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Church has inaugurated a new school.
“Since the details of where alcohol causes heart failure aren’t completely known, we can only speculate that the reason may be that getting a daily pull of alcohol can to increase the risk of heart failure or prevent the recovery of the heart,” he explained.
RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner, Ribhoi District was also present at the opening ceremony.
We claim in front of other nations that we are a nation that knows God, we are ashamed because we cannot respect our fellow human beings.
The name hynniew trep hynniew skum is associated with the nine continents of the world where our Hynniewtrep people also have nine brothers or nine Trep households where there are nine sub-tribes and those They are the paid Khasi or Hynniewtrep people.
Mattummal, who came on later (substitute) and had to be carried off the field on a stretcher, missed the remaining match.
There are those who feel that it is not right to accept the money because it is given without asking.
He said that a room to monitor these cameras has been set up at Sadar police station to monitor them.
If he does, he is considered to be a tipbriew, but if he doesn't, he cannot do anything because there is no such thing as salvation.
Besides Bah Gavin, Bah P Tynsong, BDO Khatarshnong-Laitkroh Block, Bah Edmund Syiemiong, Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Sohra Division, Village Leaders of Umdiengpoh Village and shopkeepers were also present on the occasion. market and others.
He said that it had appeared in the newspapers about the incident at Rajbhavan and the Chief Minister had interrupted him by telling Ardent that he could not speak on the Rajbhavan.
The NCB has denied the demand.
Eleven civilians were injured in the clash and two of them were killed in a shooting incident at Saikul in Kangpokpi district yesterday.
On the 6th of 'Pynsin' there will be a lehñiam from the morning with a Tyngkong dinner at 'Iung Langdoh'. honor those who have died.
Therefore, KDA invites all the people with disabilities to attend this day and it is our special day, known as WORLD DISABLED DAY. Government to implement the demands, issues, schemes, especially employment which is the share of us people with disabilities in the state, in accordance with the Equal Opportunities Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995.
This is not the first time, many other villages have experienced similar incidents but it has ended because it has not appeared in the media.
Prof. Srivastava has been appointed as Vice-Chancellor, NEHU on 24th November 2020, and will complete his three-year term on 23rd November,
The body was taken to NEIGRIMS Hospital Shillong on the morning of the 20th, where the family members of the victim arrived and identified him as (Late) William Nongrum, 36 years old. The son of Loren Kshiar, who lives in Khanduli.
Dr Mukul alleged that the government has destroyed what has been done in the past to prevent the influx of mynder.
Lamyrsiang SC beat Mynthning SC 3-0 and Shnongrim SC beat Jarain SC 2-1
While visiting the tourist spots across the state, they cleaned up the garbage especially plastic, bottles, which are slow to rot and fertilize the soil.
It was also directed that the amount paid to those who have received it will be counted from the amount they should have received.
Furthermore, there is also an action plan to focus on areas to bring about ECD activities that can be done in the community and at home.
The meeting was conducted by A.Jyrwa, Secretary of Shaid Shaid Umoid Village Organization, Dimarding Kharbani and welcome speech by C. Syiemlieh, President Pyndendiwah Village Organisation.
Shillong: U Rupang today visited Mawskei village in Patharkhmah Block, Ribhoi district to search for a young man who has a special talent to sing even though he is in need. in the limbs of the body, because of his inability to see the eyes from the womb.
However, all these are completely wrong because when you add up the turnout of the people at the meetings of the various parties, it will be three times the number of voters.
Returning to the issue of Covid vaccination, there are misinformation, disinformation and myths that have confused the public.
Director of School Education, Swapnil Tembe, IAS today witnessed the talents of the children through the STEM Exhibition which is a pilot project organized by the Smart Village Movement and Curiosity Gym. Mumbai.
Of these 22 cases, 14 are from Dibrugarh, four from Dhemaji, three from Tinsukia and one from Charaideo, said a statement from Assam Health Minister Himnta Biswa Sarma.
It is a political incident, but I don't want to say much because the investigation is ongoing and the law will act accordingly.
Pranab said Indians should not disgrace India and therefore 2014 should be the year to cleanse the country of political corruption that has continued for several years. and that whosoever shall prevail shall have a stable, just, and prosperous government.
On the other hand, Bah Gigur Marthong MLA, while welcoming the new supporters of the party, congratulated all the leaders who have joined the NPP party. that many of us came out to contest the elections but we have the same goal and that is to bring about development in the area, but after the elections now we need to unite and give full cooperation because The time to shrut, the time to think is over but we need only unity and to bring about development.
The Waheh Shnong said that the village is grateful to the BDO Kong B.Blah who sent 16 byrni of rice to distribute 5 kilos to the families whose food items were damaged.
However, the MLA of the area, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the village needs to cooperate with the department for the benefit of the area as a whole. He said that the meeting was to discuss together so that we can resolve the issues and not just complain to each other.
Carol Smith says that the story of Delilah and Samson is a parable of the struggle for power and the conflict of power in government.
The Branch Manager of State Bank of India, Amlarem explained about financial literacy and the benefits of opening bank accounts for SHGs.
Be careful of your tongue in speaking, think carefully before you do anything, don't hold your hands and feet too much, don't be rude to anyone.
If they want to show their strength, let them show their strength,” said Prestone Tynsong on 21st June
Guarantee : you are not responsible, you are not responsible; bahkhala is the promise to pay for others who are in debt.
Steven Spielberg has praised 'Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny' in which the 76-year-old director said he felt that the film was his favorite and made him praise it. the movie.
In the first match, Nongpyrdi SC beat Mawkynrew FC 5-0 goals.
In the midst of oppression or rule by others and in the midst of various uprisings, the Khasi people have stood firm to preserve the traditional custom of kinship and maternal inheritance.
He said that the Sohjer festival will last for four days and the Syiem together with the longsan mansan of the Raid will complete the sacrifice on the 19th, which is also part of the preservation of the traditional customs and traditions. Many of the youth in this age have begun to forget and follow the example of others.
Speaking at an election campaign rally in Mawlyngot for the party candidate from Mawkynrew, Bah Kanang Lyngshiang, the NPP leader said, “On the 2nd, the NPP will get 33-34 seats. .
He said that regarding the number of doctors, according to the needs, they are still very short because according to the information that so far there are only 12 doctors but the need in this Civil Hospital has increased. how they should have 30 people so that they can provide adequate services to the patients.
Before reaching Pynursla, although the weather was dark due to the heavy snowfall, you can see from the highway the houses that have been destroyed by the storm along the road in Laitmynrieng village. you don't have to sharum.
Three of them are from Barigaon, three from Ribhoi, four from Jowe, four from Mawit, five from Nongpoh, six from Patharkhmah, 10 from Sumer and six from Umbir.
Shashi Tharoor, MP from Thiruvananthapuram, said the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Information Technology should have taken information from Facebook on the issue and heard their views. to eliminate these statements which promote religious and ethnic differences.
They were handed over to the court today, said SP Bah Noping Khongsit (60 years old) who was accused of possessing four women in the village. The village, as a warning to him, decided to punish him by killing eight people.
He was fined T.2600 tyngka and banned from driving for six months from 30th July to 1st October, the Licensing Authority.
In order for the seeds to come into contact with the dry soil, in the Dkhar country, the seeds are covered with live cow dung.
He said that as of now, the vacancies have been in existence for a long time and the government intends to introduce a law to benefit more people from the revenue that the government will collect.
According to the announcement, Winison will advise the CEM on all matters if Albinush wishes to consult or seek his advice.
In fact, before he enters the village or enters the village, he must first provide the necessary documents and other necessities.
According to reports, more than 80 houses have been destroyed and some animals such as pigs have been unable to walk due to the storm.
On the 13th, Kumar met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, at the Secretariat, and discussed how to improve the work related to Khadi & Village. Industries within the State.
He said that the driver of the jeep, Teiborlang Kharbangar and the driver of the jeep, Teiborlang Kharbangar, were attacked by the mob. Ricky Dkhar and Macmilan Kharshandi were arrested by the crowd and beaten to death.
On the other hand, Bah Goerge Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to the people of Umroi for allowing him to be the Leader of the Legislative Assembly for the past five years.
“No one from Tamil Nadu will die in the incident,” said a statement sent by the state government.
The incident happened at 8:15 pm this morning, while the truck (ML 02 2009) was on its way to Siju. I didn't go to the police battalion in Siju.
We are afraid of this and want clarification and that the objective should always be for the people but not for the benefit of a few.
After joining the BJP, the MLA from Golaghat said, “I have walked on a new road today”.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday was formed to ensure the welfare and peace of the Khasi students in Delhi.
However, it is understood that the Chief Engineer is more knowledgeable than the Executive Engineer, who is the only junior in the PWD department.
Police have seized the drugs from the suspects while they were on their way to Nongstoin.
According to the Gospel of John 10:10 Jesus preached abundant life, "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
Another goal of the government is to create opportunities to promote sports or to develop sportsmen to achieve the goal of reaching the Olympic Games and to try to Meghalaya to become one of the tourist attractions to make the state self-sufficient in terms of electricity generation, water supply and also to create a new Shillong and to increase trade opportunities at the border.
Rahul has so far refused to continue as Congress leader, telling KC Venugopal, General Secretary of the party, that he has decided to step down as president.
Commenting on the INDIA group, the BJP MP said, “That is their goal and they do not want to allow Parliament to function and overthrow the Modi government.
Shillong: The suffering of the people of the state has been severe since the outbreak of Covid-19 in the state for the second time. to open their shops due to the lockdown in the state one said that no one has come to visit and help them in the loss of soh ki jhur in the as well as the infestation of insects.
In a shocking incident in West Garo Hills, a son killed his mother by beheading her.
WFRK said that the failure to conduct a physical examination of Son will not lead to the athlete being stripped of his Olympic medal.
He said the victory in Sohiong will also increase the number of UDP members in the House to 12 members.
“She said that this initiative by the state government has helped and ensured that patients with chronic illnesses can go for treatment at the nearest sub centers and only those who are more seriously ill. They will be sent back to hospitals in the districts or the capital of the state.
Many Khasi students have decided to drop out of the school part-time due to the insulting behavior of the teacher.
We are happy that we have got the road, but now we have to face the same problem again,” said Bah Passon.
Other party leaders, including Metro Man E Sreedharan and K Surendran, the BJP chief in the state, were defeated.
It was witnessed on Friday that road workers were repairing the road in Puriang village.
This was stated by the Director Dairy Development, Bah LS Shangpliang while speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Milk-A Complete Food. The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, Jowai on Friday.
The final match will be played on the 15th November between Sutnga SSCC and Rymbai Shkenshynriah at 1.00 pm.
All members of the Kur are requested to take their time to attend this Dorbar to get to know each other and to help in times of need and especially to the youth who are the future of the Kur. Where.
This means that young people and children outnumber adults and the elderly.
At the same time, he promised to take the decisions of the farmers' meeting to the government to implement them as soon as possible.
Residents living near the Malangkhona Out Post are requested to go to Aradonga Out Post for any complaints or needs until the opening of the Malangkhona Out Post.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 03: The Inter Dong Cricket Tournament 2024, organized by the Siejlieh Sports Youth Organization, on Saturday concluded.
Shillong: Amita R Sangma has filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court for failing to investigate the incident in which she and Agnes Kharshing were shot dead in Tuber Sohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills.
Nongthymmai SC beat Nongrim Hills SC 1-0 on Monday at MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, officials of the State Government who are familiar with the project said that with the initiative of the Government in the last few years, land has been acquired for the construction of the LPG Bottling Plant. advance.
“We will not allow uranium mining in this state,” he said.
At the same time we must be prepared, even if we have to eat only once a day just to survive, because the Government has to take stringent measures to overcome this disease, such as the implementation of lockdown and curfew or the counting of some of our salaries or the increase in the price of goods sold in the market and so on.
If the establishment of the casino will cause serious losses due to the lack of foreign tourists, the Government will not refuse to allow even foreigners to enter the casino by introduce a new amendment to the above Act.
Inside the vehicle were vehicle documents, other necessary documents such as EPIC, PAN Card, Driving License, Bank Passbook and a valuable phone number
Shillong, July 8 : U JUO Aiborlang Kharjana, a student of St. Anthony's College, Shillong, Shillong, has been elected to lead the North East. East Region Directorate to participate in the All India Guard of Honor on Republic Day 2024 in Delhi.
The Chief Guest, in his speech, praised them for using their talents through their training, urged them to make good use of the training they have received and to improve their work and products.
Fantin will also start his election campaign tomorrow with public meetings.
At Gahmar Ghat, 7 km from the border with Bihar, police and villagers have been busy burning the dead or burying them properly. .
The death toll has risen to 849 on Tuesday, 864 on Tuesday and 950 on Tuesday, the highest number of deaths in the past three days.
However, the truth is that any Dkhar man who marries a Khasi woman, even if he doesn't want to obey the rules of the family in the household, but his Khasi wife and children have the authority of the father. to conduct according to the Dkhar custom.
In the afternoon, Shillong struck again and again to stop the run score of Ri Bhoi who chose to tied the ball first after winning the toss and in the end Ri. Bhoi scored 87/6 in 20 overs with Roshan Shah tied for 18, Pynshailang Lyngdoh for 18 and Parisadh Jain for 2/6
In this era, laws and policies have been developed in such a way as to promote self-interest and private gain.
As the Association we don't have time to listen to the complaints of some but we have our own work to do to improve the needs of our SSA teachers who are united to stand up for the demands ahead. The demand from the Government to release the salary for the remaining 3 months, the arrear for the fiscal year 2016-17, the transfer from the State Implementation Society to the Education Department and others. MSSASA has not ignored the problems of you fellow SSA teachers and through your great support we have brought many victories and as an Association, we will continue to win, we will continue to work. to overcome the challenges we face from small to large and all dear SSA teachers, with a humble spirit, we continue to put forward the faith and hope that unity is strength.
“While looking into all this, Mawthoh has confirmed that the party will announce the names of the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections within this month.
The Forum also complained that the situation in South Garo Hills continues today despite the threats from time to time.
Here we see that Jesus is the Son of God and that death cannot hold Him even if people try by all means to put Him in the grave but the power of God is greater than what people can imagine.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: Lawrynjam Village is one of the villages in Parïong area under Mawthadraishan C&RD Block Eastern West Khasi Hills District. he is from the village of Dommawlieh.
The farmers who have been affected the most in these days are the biscuit farmers as the price in these days has dropped to three tyngka per kilo.
It can be said that from the people to the religious leaders have committed many sins and hidden them in the ark so that others cannot see them.
According to the notice, Henry, Chairman of the 2B's Group of Companies, demanded that Dr Mukul should pay the fine and apologize within seven days and file a criminal case. and Civil suit against him in court.
It was also Medvedev's fourth defeat at the start of the first round at Roland Garros in nine appearances at the tournament.
I want to do the will of God in my short life, but I am unfortunate because I am sick.
He said the prime minister has suggested to the government ministers to visit the North East more often to see that the implementation of the schemes will be successful and will reach the people as allocated by the government.
According to a statement sent to the media, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, has banned the throwing of garbage or plastic into the Umiam Lake. and also the Umiam River and if found violating this rule will be punished according to this rule which has been enacted to protect the cleanliness of the Umiam Lake.
Meanwhile, others, especially those in Khasi and Jaintia, have been satisfied and what remains is to prepare to send a report to the state government for action.
The state government has once again postponed the proposal for a meeting with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to discuss the resettlement of the residents of Harijan Colony from Mawlong Market for six months.
He said that in fact, it is better to give tins of money as it used to be done in the past but when you think carefully about giving tins, it is better to give money because it is true. If we donate tins, maybe there are households that don't have them but they don't have to repair their balconies, or toilets and so on. It has caused a lot of trouble because even if we give 10,000 rupees, it may not be useful and if we give 50,000 rupees, we cannot cover all the households in the whole constituency. 25,000 per household to each household so that they can repair their houses,” said Bah German.
He said that he buys from the villagers who go to the river and doesn't weigh kilos, but he puts them in siej and sells them at different prices according to the size of the fish and the fish. also the same.
According to the Environment Protection Act 1986, a fine of 1000 tyngka will be imposed on those found using plastic. Seven officers, three of whom are employees of the KHADC and three of whom are employees of the KHADC, have been appointed. The Hima Mylliem is monitoring this issue to ensure that the market should no longer be used for plastic.
This road is from Umiam to Shillong and the other is from Shillong Bypass.
Ampareen has already won three elections including the bye election.
In small constituencies, those with fewer members have been able to win any candidate.
The VDP said that if anyone violates the village, it will not forgive and will punish according to the law.
Earlier, the UDP had submitted a petition to the ECI against the use of EVMs in the elections as they are easy to steal.
The affected synsar farmers are Moit Lyngdoh, Kordor Lyngdoh, Prim Lyngdoh, Henry Langdoh, Rila Langdoh and Bar Lyngdoh.
The Supreme Court today said the apology was merely a written statement after Ramdev and Acharya Balkrishna “were found guilty of wrongdoing after a thorough investigation in court.
Young people of the country and the nation, Hynniewtrep, let us love and care for the country and the nation.
HDR Lyngdoh Minister Home urged the SP Traffic to look into how to resolve this issue, and the SP Traffic promised to take care of this issue.
The teachers of the first batch of 2013-2015 have completed the examination since April and May 2015 but NIOS has not yet been able to correct the error in the results process. and also some teachers of batch 2013-2015 who have re-examined the subjects held in June and June 2018, April and May 2018 and June and June 2019 and these have passed They have not received the original marksheets and certificates from NIOS for about a year. The same NIOS has made a mistake again in the batch 2015-2
Arki Mawlong scored two goals in the 9th and 30th minutes, while Arbitstar Pathaw scored the second goal (7).
This recruitment will be only for the youth of this area and will be done soon,” said Rijiju.
When inquired from many others, it was understood that the HSPDP in Nongstoiñ Constituency will never be able to rise again, due to the lack of understanding among the leaders.
The statue of Jesus was destroyed by two men, according to CCTV footage. Not only that, but a church in Pataudi, Gurugram, was destroyed by Hindu monks. , in preparation for Christmas, by chanting "Jai Shree Ram" and "Bharat Mata ki Jai"
However, after this inspection, some people have taken advantage to mislead the illiterate people in other ways and also to misunderstand my post on Facebook so that I don't think that Shnong Bataw will. It is a fully equipped Center for the villages bordering Bangladesh like Hingaria, Huroi, Lejri and others.
“There is no friend or enemy who lasts forever in the world.
Marconi Thongni from KSU Ranikor Circle said that the KSU Ranikor Circle sends its condolences to the families of the victims. sun.
The JAC said that they have demanded that these companies should pay the fare according to the price set by the government even if the vehicles go to Assam.
(in every action there is an equal an opposite reaction).
He said that their claim that they want to lead the state by the state owners is just a trick because the key will be from West Bengal.
At this meeting, he said that he has sold up to T.60,000 from the sale of fish from his small pond at Umsning, Ri-Bhoi.
Bah Buam said that the drama was staged by 6-10 robbers inside the jail, those who complained about the lack of water, and others and demanded to pay T.100 inside the jail.
After receiving a complaint from the buyers, we tried to inquire and found that a Dkhar, according to this price, Sunrise rice of 25 kilos per byrni which costs 725 tyngka is sold at If the price of 50 kilos per byrni increases and the seller sells more than 550 tyngka per byrni, the people will not be able to accept the price but they will be able to buy the bread even in the midst of financial difficulties, said the statement. Harvis Phawa, former Waheh Shnong, Chairman Shnong Jalyiah, who was also present at the inspection of the market.
They then went to Asola Bhatti, South Delhi.
There are 148 cases today.
This may be an election ploy by the political parties in the Government and non-Government to intimidate the people.
The implementation of the NRC in Assam is part of the removal of foreign officials who came to settle in Assam after 1971 from the electoral roll of Assam.
They also need to know that every vaccine has a different mechanism of action.
“Article 371A clearly states that no Act of Parliament shall apply in Nagaland regarding Naga religions or customs, rules and procedures, government authorities and The laws and regulations are subject to the decisions of the Nagas and the ownership and allocation of land and property within them cannot be accepted until decided by the State Assembly,” he said. said and suggested that the House has passed a resolution against the UCC and the Forest Act.
This came to light after the former FKJGP leaders from various Circles and Units in the district held an emergency meeting at Umsning Auditorium Hall. These 8 circles and 2 units, which have decided to leave the FKJGP, include Nongpoh Circle, Umsing Circle, Raid Madan Kyrdem Circle, Umbir Circle, Upper. The two units include Mawrong Unit and Syngku Circle.
Police are still waiting to lodge a complaint, but the search is ongoing to arrest the suspects.
Although the NPP claims to be strong in Khasi and Jaintia Hills according to the votes in the last MLA elections, in the MP elections, the people know how to decide and this will put pressure on the NPP. you are strong.
If we look at the accusative words first, we get two words that carry only one meaning.
On the other hand, the president of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawiong has asked how people come to get treatment when there are no doctors. for that doctor.
This writer did not have the opportunity to talk to all these 45 groups, but it was said that the Mawroh Presbyterian Church received a land plot of 50,000 sq feet in
This is why we rely solely on other nations.
“On the one hand we feel that it is right and on the other hand we feel that there is a delay, that is why we ask for the report, because we want to have a feeling of the people who live in these areas"
The US Tomahawk missile, which can fire at a distance of 1,200 meters, and 124 18-foot-long missiles, worth £300,000, were fired by the United States and Britain against Col Gaddafi. , are ready this time too.
Shylla said the district council has also passed the ILP to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the state and the government should pass the bill.
The owner also agreed to a vacation.
The petition states that only 3672 villages have received roads, the number of roads in the state is only 10736.76 km and if taken per 100 kilometers, The number of roads is only 47.76 sq km.
A few months ago, we witnessed another stirring speech by a party leader at a public meeting in Laitkor, saying, “The problem of the Jaidbynriew can be solved only if we cleanse ourselves with blood”.
Kynshi, Jymmang 16: The President of the HYC Seng Kmie, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that if the voters take money during the elections, which means corruption, the state will also have corrupt leaders.
He was elected as an MDC in 1989 and continued as an MDC until 2008 and in 2008 he was elected as an MLA of Mawlai until
The rights of democracy enshrined in the Constitution of India since the time of Mahatma Gandhi, have now begun to erode, as the BJP leaders from Delhi have demanded that there should be only one India, which will have only one Religion and one Language, and so on.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that Selsella is a constituency that he is close to and spoke about his relationship with the people, which goes beyond politics.
“The government has decided to allow fertilizers again and this is to increase the production of agricultural products in the state,” he said.
When asked whether the MHIS has estimated that T.1.60 lakh will be spent per annum for one household, the doctor said that it will not be that much per annum. .
On Sunday, Ballia recorded a temperature of 43.5°C, which has risen to 6 degrees Celsius as it should be every year at such times. I'll be there in the next few days.
“The CUET examination is conducted by the NTA of the Central Government and not by the State Government and therefore it is under their supervision but if there are any problems here and there, we are ready to take action. ", said the Prime Minister.
At the same time, Dr Mukul said the central government has merged the Non-Plan and Plan Budget for 2017-18 to bring about a change in the management of funds in the collection of funds. taxes and expenditure.
The leaves are left like this for about six months, or until the rain begins, so that the leaves will become dry and will not shroin eh.
The Minister said that through the signing of this MoU, cooperative groups like NECTAR will be established, which will greatly benefit the fish farmers of the state.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the Hima Sohra, Bah BV Rymmai, said that it is difficult to explain the loss of livelihood in this area where most of the residents of this area live. They are not employed in home stays, hotels, restaurants, tourist attractions and in various parts of the country. now the disease has been closed.
Shillong, Nailar 10 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today found that many of the Hima houses which stood nine years ago to showcase their fame at the Monolith Festival at the Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang have been destroyed. repair all of them.
Dr RM Lyngdoh, Principal, Synod College Shillong, welcomed all those who attended this memorable day for the college.
“It is because of corruption that Meghalaya cannot move forward as it should in terms of development, therefore the BJP has come here to make the state corruption free,” Nadda said while campaigning for the state. party in Shillong.
The top batsman of the team was the top batsman with 102 runs from 329 balls in 103.5 overs.
She said that the government has now started scientific methods to mislead the people with development projects and many assistance measures just to get this mineral.
The MDCs who attended the ceremony included the Chairman of KHADC Teilinia Thangkhiew, the Secretary to the Speaker, Pyniaid Syiem, Dy.CEM Teinwel Dkhar, K Plasting Pangiang, L Goodleaderson Nongsiej, Process T Sawkmie, James Ban Basaiawmoit, Hadrian Lyngdoh, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Rona Khyndeit, Witting Mawsor, Antonio War, Lamphang Blah, Jansing Tynsong, Donevan Wanlang, Manturdy Nongrem, Banteidor Lyngdoh , Albinus and James Sylliang, MDCs of the constituency.
Conrad K Sangma said that the people who met with Dr. Sailo have already registered their names with the government as part of the follow-up.
Regarding the urgent need for a Police Out Post, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, urged them to send a letter to his office and learn more. He said that other out posts which have recently been received like Mawryngkneng have done the same.
Speaking of Bollywood films, Priyanka will be seen in Jee Le Zaraa starring Katrina Kaif and Alia Bhatt.
She said that we need to protect ourselves from thinking of taking our own life which is also one of the mental illnesses.
According to Kropha, the central government has said that it is deploying police to other states and will try its best to send them to Meghalaya as soon as possible.
Pala said the Congress does not believe in the government's suggestion to hold elections at the same time to reduce the country's expenditure.
The State Government has appointed Deputy Director Jibonsing R. Marak as Chief Mission and Football Coach as Sports Manager.
With the arrest of the two, a total of nine persons have been arrested on charges of gang rape against minor girls in South West Garo Hill (SWGH), the police said. police news.
The prophet Amos warns of those days of famine and the famine will not be for food or bread or water, but for the Word of the Lord.
Shillong, Nailur 22: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism, today announced in the Legislative Assembly that the government has allocated Rs 8.49 crore for the Cherry Blossom Festival this year.
Nijjar was a resident of Bhar Singh village in Jalandhar, Punjab and was misled by Gurnek Singh alias Neka from an early age.
As a nation that knows the rights and freedoms, there is no health especially in those times of illness and even diseases such as tuberculosis are not known in the country.
The Minister in charge of Sports, Meghalaya, Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, who is also the head of the Mawkyrwat Indoor Hall, said that the Mawkyrwat Indoor Hall has been affected by the natural disaster. The Minister of State for Water Resources and Water Resources, on 21st June, 2022, visited the Indoor in the presence of the office bearers of the Mawkyrwat Sports Association (MSA) led by Galvender Marbaniang. President and Elevenson Wanniang as General Secretary.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong on the 10th of this month after the working meeting on the 10th of this month.
Over the centuries and even decades, Christian brothers and sisters have fought to the point of terror and even war. if you worship one God, Jesus Christ.
Nongstoin, Naitung 6 :The WKSU and WYF, after receiving information that UCIL, has issued and called a tender for the mining of uranium at Mawthabah, the two organizations have expressed their disappointment. Speaking to reporters, WYF Secretary Mawkordor Khar Syiemlieh and WKSU Central Body President Artis Wanniang said that the WKSU Central Body has strongly opposed the UCIL proposal. They expressed their strong opposition to this and at the same time demanded that UCIL should immediately repeal this rule.
There have been many cases where the wives, children or other relatives of the MLA have had to suffer defeat because the people do not want the rule of law to go to one household. lane only to his wife or to his son.
This was after their presence was spotted in the area by a patrol aircraft.
Amlarem, June 13: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Khaw under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of April, 2022 has been released to all households. under the NFSA (AAY, PHH) from 12th April 2022 to 15th April, 2022 according to the following rules. PHH also 5 kilos per head, no need to pay.
Shillong: The MeECL Muster Roll employees under the banner of the MeECL Progressive Workers' Union (MPWU) on Tuesday staged a protest in front of the MePDCL office in Tura. Lumjingshai, Shillong to demand the implementation of many demands.
“Do we agree with the 40% employment rate because according to the population of the Khasi people, which includes the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam,” asked Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
— Banshanlong Congress.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: After being criticized for not working, the government has announced that the committee headed by Bah DD La to empower the village authorities has been appointed to hold this meeting. on January 20th.
Earlier, on 8th July 2015, the MHC had issued an order banning the media from interviewing or publishing any statements or writings of the former CEM of KHADC. Bah Adelbert Nongrum, just for talking about the rights of the Hynniewtrep people.
"I just saw their statement in the media, and I can't say anything because it's their right to express," he said.
They expressed the hope that only the BJP can maintain peace and order in the state and hope that the National Law School will be opened in Meghalaya under the leadership of They urged other lawyers to come forward and join the party for the good of the state.
This medicine is said to be acidic and is used by people with stomach ulcers and other stomach diseases.
Shillong: Six hours before the meeting with the Chief Minister, the leaders of the Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJA) were handed over to the Chief Minister.
There have been 762 cases of covid 19 since 15th July 2020 and of these 677 have never traveled.
On the Congress, she said the resolution in East Khasi Hills has changed. In Jaintia Hills, the election is between the NPP and UDP, in Garo Hill, the NPP and TMC. The Congress has been very successful.
Then we will move on to the Lord's Day on 1st November, when the new parish at Umbir, Ri-Bhoi, will be opened and separated from the Kmie Mawlai Parish.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Umjaiur, Bah Donbonlang Kharlyngdoh and D.Sun, Secretary of HYC Umjaiur. who conducted the meeting, who congratulated and expressed their gratitude to the MLA for the provision of this site.
Now, for us to go to Shillong is a win for everyone.
He said that in the past few days alone, more than 60 vehicles carrying agricultural products have been turned away from the middle of the road. and as the union has gone to talk and released them, if the government does not release them where will they go to sell.
In fact, Dr Mukul Sangma was scheduled to be the chief guest at the meeting but did not attend because he was busy with Garo Hills and Social Welfare Minister Deborah Marak.
However, with the arrival of the Police; Heirtami Suting left the polling station and disrupted the polling for half an hour.
The Adviser to the Ministry of Education urged the teachers to be responsible despite the many problems because the government does not abandon them, and warned them not to be stingy in their duties, while for the sake of Schools with a shortage of teachers will invite interviews for those who have passed the MTET as soon as possible.
The HYC on this day has sent back all these 100 foreigners to Assam and other states like Bihar, West Bengal and warned that they are not They are no longer allowed to work, work or live in Meghalaya.
“About 80 out of 100 of the people of War Jaintia are farmers who have been cultivating only synsar, kwai and tympew since ancient times and until now they still rely on these crops for their livelihood. she does not earn a living to feed her family," the union added.
Furthermore, the union has found the surroundings of the hospital, filled with garbage, even to look at and this has put at risk the patients.
After this, it was found that about 36 children had started to complain.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The Shillong Chamber Choir will perform for 20 minutes on the opening day of the ITM-2 eiei with all kinds of songs.
The polling for these three states will be held on 3rd October
As a state, we still need to improve the standard of sports which will be on par with what other states have achieved.
Speaking to media, Hek said the party has discussed to nominate a candidate for the Rajabela and Mawrynkneng by-elections.
As a party, the Congress has expressed its opposition and urged the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government to think of the poor at the same time.
The truth has been revealed since 2007 when a public hearing was held at Domiasiat Nongbah, Jynrin Mawthabah on 12th July 2007, when all the people stood against the public hearing. The Meghalaya Pollution Control Board (MPCB), through the Ministry of Environment and Forest in Delhi, after strong opposition from us, has issued a certificate saying that it does not affect anything. he shall build the earth, and the people shall rebel against him.
Those who attended the function included Bah Sanbor Shullai, Bah Ricky Shullai, Vice Chairman of MTDC, Bah Cyril Diengdoh, Managing Director of MTDC, Bah Michael Kharhunai, one of the Directors on the Board of Directors of MTDC. Shillong: The KSU Mawlyntriang Unit led by President Wanbiangstar Rani and Asst Organizing June Ryntathiang on Tuesday morning went to MTDC Mawlyntriang Unit to protest against the floods. An Assam vehicle number AS18 C 9645 which was heading to Nongstoiñ was seized.
The family of Kong Liza Marry Marbaniang, Mawpun Kshaid Village, Ri Bhoi District, today alleged that a Longkmie has lost her child after giving birth to her child. The Bhoirymbong CHC has issued a statement saying that the poor woman has been treated at the Bhoirymbong CHC.
However, Sen did not accept Nongrum's apology and took the case to the Division Bench to be heard by Chief Justice Uma Nath.
When all these had grown older, the word "Meirisan" was received, and they began to grow all over the hills and rivers, around the border.
From the management and employees of Mawphor.
Shillong, July 21: The Dorbar of Lakadong Elaka held on the 17th of this month at Lama village together with the residents of 10 villages in the Elaka has elected the new office bearers of the Elaka. Chairman Mr. Elwin Rymbai, Vice Chairman Mr. Charly Chadong, General Secretary Mr. Ngaitlang Shylla, Mr. Ngaitlang Shylla, Vice Chairman Mr. Esrom Mynthlu, Secretary Boundary Committee Mr. Maldiny Amkhloo, Secretary Village Court Mr Prowell P Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Peace Development & Working Committee. Mr. Dilone Lyngdoh and 10 members who are Rangbah Shnongs of various Elaka-Lakadong and also elected 2 Advisors of the Elaka.
These people have been proven to have carried out their work illegally in collaboration with the forest authorities and to illegally mine shyiap from parts of Poolbagan and Panchali is located in Dibrugarh.
The word 'Politics' is a Greek word – 'Politika', which means the affairs of cities, is the power, relationship among individuals.
Titosster said that since the Council sent the Bill in 2014, it has not received any reply.
In 1860, he was able to pay taxes to the government.
The SP said that complaints have been lodged in connection with these incidents and the investigation is ongoing.
Therefore, if it is any protest, it is quicker and easier to achieve it by a peaceful means rather than by bloodshed or by bombing and tied people without thinking.
Nongpoh, July 15: Nine students of Patharkhmah Government Higher Secondary School who did not appear in the SSLC results announced by the MBOSE, have received their results today after a protest by the KSU. and the village leaders of Patharkhmah.
East Khasi Hills alone has registered 60 candidates for the MDC election. The most prominent candidates for the MDC election are Sanbor Shullai (NCP) from Laban-Mawprem; Government Minister HDR Lyngdoh (Congress) of Nongspung-Sohiong, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Mawsynram, Dy CEM Remington Pyngrope (UDP) of Mawkynrew, HSPDP ) of Nongkrem, Grace Mary Kharpuri of Nongshken, Teilinia Thangkhiew of Mylliem, Process T Sawkmie of Mawlai, Pynshai Manik Syiem of Mawphlang-Diengiei, Adelbert Nongrum of Mawphlang-Diengiei. KHNAM from Jaiaw, KHNAM from Nongthymmai, Neil Antonio War (Congress) from Laitumkhrah-Malki and others.
The fire may have been caused by an electrical fault.
Mankhraw Ryngksai, Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, told Rupang that there are still 50 people who have been tested and the result will be released tomorrow.
Shillong, November 19: Two rebel groups, the ANVC and ANVC-B, have sold their weapons to the GNLA in the price is T.17 lakh.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the purpose of the Act is to prevent conversion from one religion to another but Hindus should be Hindus and Christians should be Hindus. Christians and Muslims are always Muslims.
As many as 17 pharmaceutical companies have received warning letters regarding their violations, the Minister added.
On the same day, Umphyrnai Sports Club beat Rangdajied United Football Club 25-0 in the first match.
The BJP has been in Meghalaya since 1993 to contest elections and since that year, it has won the most seats with only 3 seats and less than 2 seats.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22: As part of the efforts to improve the quality of education and to encourage the students to progress in the field of education, a group of The alumni of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School in Umsning on 19th July 2022 have elected the new leaders of the alumni association of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School in Umsning.
Didn't you tell me your name?” asked Hiram's mother and didn't spend the sdieh.
The song was attended by the tyngshop, Wanbha Khongsit and the dancer, Steffenie Nongkhlaw, while the dance teachers were Wanbha Khongsit, Michael The Dancer and Bilak Tynsong.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of its Vice President, Samla Wallamkupar Nongsiej, after receiving a complaint from the relatives of two Khasi and Garo youths, were forced to work inside an Ayurveda clinic. The Susmay Arogya Clinic is located in Dilshad Garden, West Delhi.
In connection with this incident and especially the presence of foreign workers, who have contracted the COVID-19 virus, it has shocked the people living in the area and it is on that basis, which has led to the Members of the HYC have ordered the Assam Police to leave the area after they found them coming to the scene.
Prasad took the lead in tied ball, scoring a half century (49), while Agarwal scored 4/28 (7/45 in the match). He was named the Best Player of the Match.
Shillong, October 3: U Governor of Meghalaya, Dr. KK Paul today inaugurated the Indian Panorama Film Festival which will be held from 3rd to 6th October.
The study included 54 patients with a-fib.
He attended the 25th Convocation at the school.
The tournament is open to men, women and the elderly, aged 18 years and above.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Tribal Teachers Association (MeTTA) has stood united with NEHUTA and all the groups that stand to defend the dignity and authority of NEHU. Marbhador M Khymdeit said that all the information that NEHUTA has provided to the public is true and strongly condemns the misrepresentation of the writings of the 48th Executive Council meeting on 15th June this year. , by the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof SK Srivastava.
Jain is under five-day police custody.
Although these teams had enough chances, they were unable to score until the end of the first half.
Zechariah 8:1–8.
When we try to investigate, we know that these drugs are duplicate medicines or non-essential drugs and once received they should be used only under trial medication and cannot be used by humans because even doctors are not. It is for this reason that the prescriptions have to be distributed widely without being found without checking the suitable places. once inside the Manufacturing Company or not to be used by sick people.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has decided to hold a sit-in protest on the 17th of this month from 10 am to 4 pm at the parking lot of and near the Additional Secretariat.
Shillong, Nailar, 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the National Education Policy (NEP) has to be implemented in the state. implemented in all public institutions.
Also present at the meeting was the Rangbah Shnong of Muktapur, one of the villages on the Bangladesh border where foreigners have been included in the Electoral Roll.
Shillong: Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang today said that he will lodge a complaint against the MDA Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak, regarding the violation of the PHE Office Memorandum on the Protocol that Government Offices and Government Departments must follow in relation to any Central Government Scheme from the State Government that the Office or Government Department must The MLA in charge of the Constituency shall be informed of the implementation of the scheme.
It is surprising that according to MeECL which collects billions of rupees from the people alone (excluding the large factories which need dozens of units of electricity) where does it put the money to pay the salaries of the employees.
“We have escaped from the hands of the French who came to collect taxes from us and now the District Council instead of protecting us from the taxes of the Government of India. “This is the law to collect taxes like during the British Raj,” said Lakhon Biam.
Speaking on how to elect a leader, HDR said that the people should elect a leader who knows all the villages and how to bring help to the people and not to elect a person who is still “Elect a leader who doesn't know where the fish is,” said Bah. HDR Lyngdoh while speaking at the public meeting.
The Government has tried its best to help the farmers for the market, but from time to time we face problems in relation to the market.
We always proclaim that we love nature and who doesn't love our mother but do we understand the suffering that our mother nature has to bear because of the death of her children? The problem here is that words and actions don’t always work together.
“Shillong has grown from year to year and I am sure that many of the residents are intelligent and do not want to get involved in crime,” he added.
He said that it is surprising because if the public goes to buy, the traders sell at the price of 25 shi pawa and if the kilo sells at 100 tyngka, while if the farmer goes to buy, they charge only 20 tyngka. it kilo.
He said that the meeting also discussed the situation in Manipur where the people are still in fear and it was also decided to send a delegation to Manipur where they will be elected. Head of State in the North East.
In the second leg, Rymbai Iawpynsing beat Molamanoh 2-1
The services provided by Jio Company to the mobile phone and internet users have been disrupted throughout Jaintia Hills and most of the people have witnessed the disruption of the network and cannot use their phones and internet properly.
He said that the District Council is an alternative to the Panchayati Raj under Part 9 of Article 243 of the Constitution of India. It is against the Khasi system of government.
“We have contested the election five times and we know that Danggo will win again.
According to the records received from the Border Area Department for the year 2012-2013, there were only 4994 students who received food allowance from the border area.
The deceased was 5 feet 4 inches tall and had a dark complexion.
The Nongsaiñ Hima has been able to compare these figures regarding the water level in the Umïam Dam in the month of June for the last six years from 2018 to
It is indeed a joyful call for me to see that the government is calling for this prayer.
To achieve this goal and with the desire to end the conflict, the Chief Ministers of the two states have met several times in the past six months.
Speaking at a meeting held at Moreau Institute of Integral Training (MIIT) after the cleaning of the Dhankheti Parking Lot, the Minister said that various groups, private individuals and Government Departments have done works in the area. of the city authorities and it is necessary to have the cooperation of all.
The plane, which crashed, was found in the Payum area of ​​Siang district, where it was spotted by a Mi 17 helicopter of the army.
They work and serve the people of Solonsar without discrimination even if they belong to different constituencies.
The two PFI members arrested on the same day include Shafiqul Islam and Saiful Islam – who have been absconding since November,
“The Lamphang should lead the meeting in a language that we understand because to allow this to happen in the Ïingdorbar is like going against the feelings of the people of Meghalaya. ".
He also praised Meghalaya for being one of the blessed states, from the beautiful landscapes that can attract tourists, the beauty of nature, and the Umiam Lake is one of the tourist attractions of the world. It is a beautiful place where people from all over the country enjoy watching the beauty of the place and the beauty of nature.
The purpose of the meeting was to strengthen the Association in the District and to discuss its activities.
“The number of cases of violence against women is increasing day by day, how can we tolerate this illegal act of robbers,” said Kong Phanbuh.
The people in their misunderstanding of the matter were happy because they thought that they had been allowed to mine coal again as in the past. Its rules have been allowed to enter Meghalaya.
U Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC of the area was the chief guest at the seminar and in his speech, he urged the youth to shape their lives with respect for time and not to waste it. and also as members of voluntary groups to live a day to provide valuable service for the welfare of many churches.
On the other hand, the village leaders have warned the residents not to create any trouble or destroy the household.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 166 new cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 143 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from West Jaintia Hills and 3 from West Khasi Hills. Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1 and South West Khasi Hills
Therefore, our beloved Lyngdoh Sad, I have encouraged you very much in this programme.
The incident was first discovered by a patrol team of E/67 Bn of the CRPF at Nongpoh.
He said that there has been instability among the residents in the state and what has happened is the step taken to ensure that such incidents are stopped.
Last year, another organization, the Young Mizo Association (YMA), demanded the implementation of a law whereby any Mizo woman who marries a foreigner should lose her job. I don't have the right to be a Scheduled Tribe.
Speaking to reporters, Larsing Sukhalin, Elizar's brother-in-law, said that Helpful and Bunlangki were involved in the murder of their son.
He coached Mumbai FC for five years in 2008 and 2013, before joining Air India as manager and Pune FC as youth coach.
Haradhan Paul's homes in Oakland have been closed since 5 November
Even in the midst of such an understanding, he admits that any job has its own advantages and disadvantages but it gives life despite the difference in salary.
