The age we live in is such an age.
According to NEEPCO, the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd (MeECL) has been owing up to Rs 620 crore to NEEPCO for many months.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The government has suddenly suspended the promotion examination for Home Guard Police without explaining the reason, sources said.
Bah Titos Chyne, founder of FKJGP and CEM of KHADC, said that the attempt by foreigners to destroy the KHADC is something that threatens the nation. He also promised that the KHADC will continue to be the stieh of the jaidbynriew in accordance with the powers conferred by the Constitution.
However, the DC said that a Special Sector Magistrate has been appointed in the area to ensure the smooth running of the election.
She also helped the team to win the East Khasi Hills District Level Tournament last month by scoring a goal in the final.
Dr Batskhem Myrboh said that if you look at all aspects of education, education has failed and is in the middle of the sea and if you elect the wrong rulers in this election it will sink completely.
About 11 battalions of BSF Frontier troops have come to participate in this tournament, where all of them are eager to showcase their skills, techniques, in their fighting. to win the prize they desire.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui today in the House, said that the Meghalaya government is looking for ways to reopen schools, as online schooling is not possible. to provide for all children especially those who come from poor families.
However, we must also advise and teach those who make mistakes in another better way so that they will not make mistakes again, that is the spirit of help and the spirit of improving the human being by in short, we are the knowers of man and the knowers of God.
Similarly, when it comes to day labor or mystery work, it is not available because private individuals and contractors are more willing to provide day labor and mystery work to foreigners.
Suman Kumar, a B-Tech student at Lovely Professional University, Phagwara, committed suicide by jumping from the ninth floor of the hostel where he was staying today.
Therefore, the MLA urged the people to listen to the government's directive to stay indoors and refrain from leaving their homes. households, so that the government's plan to curb the spread of the virus could be successful, he added.
Speaking to reporters, Shullai said that through the Atal Mission (AMRUT) scheme, the people of South Shillong will be able to supply water to their homes through the PHE and Shillong Municipal Board.
“We will gather all the information and submit this report to Parliament,” he said.
In 2019, Parliament passed the Citizenship Amendment Act, which aims to grant Indian citizenship to non-Muslims who have been victims of violence in Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan. before November 31,
“It's enough, we can't tolerate the victory of the rebel groups, if such a violence continues, we won't be able to see peace in Lum Garo,” said one of them. Wilness Marak, a member of the GSU in Garo Hills.
The KSU has urged these youths to work hard in the sports to succeed in the sports career not only in the country but also abroad.
Relief teams sent to Garo Hills have rushed to the worst affected areas to provide relief.
Suraj is a member of the Shillong Press Club (SPC).
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that according to the new policy, any job less than Rs 1 crore will be decided by the Deputy Commissioners, while any job less than Rs 10 crore will be decided. The Committee headed by the Chief Secretary and more than Rs 10 crore shall be decided by the Committee headed by the Prime Minister.
“So Deisy and Bahnah have to obey.
According to Mumbai Police, Bah Mawramsong Kharhujon was hit by a train at the scene.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U Chairman of the Legislative Assembly, Bah JohnF Kharshiing today met with Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP & Vice President AICC, at 10:30 am at Janpath, New Delhi. During the meeting, Rahul agreed to look into the issues of the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya, so that they can get their own Regional Council without political parties for the chiefs from village, raid to the Hima Dorbar.
He said that the village has waited for the HANM leaders to meet with them, as they had announced in the media that they would meet soon, but they did not come at all. Therefore, the village has come forward to explain this.
“This Civic Action Program has been implemented through the scheme of the Central Government to assist the border villages to improve their livelihood and to improve the welfare of the people of the border area,” he said. Deputy Commandant of BSF Jowai Sector, ME Zingkhai.
He said he has not yet spoken to the President of the UDP on this issue to get better clarity but what has appeared in the media is a statement from his own knowledge and understanding. better known as the senior leader of the state.
According to sources, this year's tournament has already confirmed the date and time for the opening ceremony from 20th November to 20th July in Australia and New Zealand. Zealand.
The people of these European countries have a good spirit of sympathy when they welcome these people into their country, but what they cannot see is the exploitation of these people who come to flow. to their country.
They were raped after the death of their mother two years ago. According to a complaint lodged by Agnes Kharshiing President CSWO, Pun had raped them several times. They lived together and also in a place called Liewlong.
The list of Chairman of the House at the time of the meeting includes Shri Martin Danggo (Congress), Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh (Congress), Bah Metbah. Lyngdoh (UDP), and Nihim D. Shira (NPP), but on 24th October, the Lamphang announced that a new list of chairpersons including Dikkanchi D. Shira (Congress) has been created. MR, Ronnie Lyngdoh (Congress), Metbah Lyngdoh (UDP) and Nihim D. Shira (NPP).
Joniphor Uriah, son of (L) Sorindro Tiewla and (L) Klerin Uriah of Nongwar, passed away on 16/12/2
All this is just one common agenda of the villagers against the Dolloi and his Acting.
Those who don't know their own nation, those who don't respect their own culture.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, ACHIK stressed the need to have constructive discussions in a place that will make everyone happy.
According to the order, only small vehicles weighing less than 3 tonnes are allowed to pass through the Lumshnong road. If you are in a hurry or to deliver urgently needed goods, you are ordered to use another road, or you can send them back by other vehicles, because heavy vehicles will no longer be allowed to pass. until the repair or construction of the road is completed.
“I don't like that behavior and it's obvious that you don't understand,” said Banrilang.
Maheh said again. After he had finished speaking, they all went to sleep.
Commenting on the Professional Tax, Shylla said that to bring about transparency and enforcement of the rights of those who deserve it whether it is the higher authorities or the retired Secretary, Bah Weljone Syiemlieh, Bah PN Syiem, CEM should resign with all the EMs in any way and also Bah Antonio War from the post of Chairman of KHCF to conduct a clean investigation.
But when I told him, he replied, "No, I don't know either.
In 1998, he lost against RA Lyngdoh from the United Democratic Party (UDP) but HDR won again as an MDC from the Congress in and Sohïong-Nongspung Constituency.
Sonowal said whatever needs to be done through the partnership is important to strengthen the relationship of all the North Eastern states to bring about strong economic development.
There has been an allegation from the people that the decline in the number of MLAs from the ethnic parties is due to the fact that they have turned out too many like the tit yiur until the people are reluctant to vote for anyone and this has increased their vote. .
They urged all shops and commercial vehicles in the district to put up signs in places where the public can see Vaccinated and Not Vaccinated.
Rymbaija has a smaller seed than cowpea, and the seed is smaller than that of cowpea.
The union has already sent a letter to the Government to abolish the personal interview in Meghalaya as it has been done in all other states in India.
At the same time, it was reported that AHS has nothing to do with the commonly known poor housing scheme or IAY.
For more information, please call Bah Westerwell Phawa – Chairman – 9862920983; Bah Marjan Phawa – Secretary – 9774511207; Bah Hermon Dkhar – Member – 9612923317; Bah Teilang Phawa – Member – 9436115015 and Bah Philosophy Dkhar – Member –
The names and whereabouts of the deceased are unknown, but the bodies have been taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for postmortem and the investigation is ongoing. ahead.
It is in these States and Tribal settlements that the leaders of the country and the world seize the land and plunder the natural resources.
“We don't know who started the fire, but after hearing the blast, we went to see if it was our bike,” said Kong Wankhar.
Speakers included Dr. D. Sayoo, President, Local Taxi Association, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah T. Rymbai and President, Bah S. Ryngkhlem. .
On the same day, the FSS will also showcase the musical talent of Liza Lyngdoh, a guitarist from Mawkyrwat who is currently teaching music in Bangalore.
Boi, Samla Tonny Shylla, said that the party cannot accept the immoral behavior of these youths by drinking alcohol and cigarettes and it is not known whether it is a drug den. affect the society.
AHOR leader Andy said that AHOR will also invite the public who wish to take part in this race.
Marbisu scored the first goal through Lamshaphrang Kurbah in the 35th and 37th minutes, followed by Arkon Mawlong in the 40th and 58th minutes.
On the other hand, these two children who came forward thanked God for guiding them to reach this goal through their hard work day and night. to prepare for the examination.
It is the first time in the history of Mizoram that a woman will contest the Lok Sabha elections with only one member.
Renikton L. Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency was also present in the presence of Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lawrynniang, BDO Mawkyrwat. Also present were the Executive Members of the South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association, other government officials and the public who came to witness the event.
“It is difficult for Mukul Sangma to expel us from any country but it is easy for us to turn his paradise in Nongrim Hills into hell at any time,” said the HNLC.
The NGT has ordered that the transportation of coal should not be stopped until another order is issued by the NGT. The NGT order came after the All Dimasa Students' Union (ADSU) lodged a complaint with the government. The NGT on 2nd June alleged that the mining of coal has increased in the state especially in Jaintia Hills which has caused the pollution of the Kopili River and the destruction of the environment.
In this regard, the district authorities of Ri-Bhoi District have taken immediate action and have also talked to the authorities of Assam to ensure that there will be no disruption but that the polling will be held. long and steady.
Furthermore, it was informed that the day was declared as Kyad Drug Day as part of the joint efforts to pay tribute to this great leader of India.
We hope that this Hynniewtrep Constitution, which we have been in existence for decades, will enable us as MDCs to continue to preserve our rich customs and traditions.
The Anti Narcotic Task Force of the district has confirmed that he is a drug dealer.
“When asked, he said, “We have been working like this for 18 years and we thought it would reduce the number of children in the centers but it has not happened.
Of the 73 cases confirmed positive in East Khasi Hills District today, 59 cases include 48 High Risk Contacts, 6 Army personnel, 2 health workers; One of them is a doctor of Woodland Hospital and one of them was tested at NEIGRIHMS Hospital in Mawlai Motsyiar.
He explained that the purpose of the Swachhata Hi Seva is to educate people on the dangers of plastic, but not to ban the use of plastic completely.
Mr. Chyne responded by saying, “It is a fact that cannot be hidden.
At the General meeting of the Union held today 14th June 2020 at Enowel Hall Amlarem for the second term 2020-2
The soskular between Meghalaya and NTPC will improve the management and operation of the Meghalaya Distribution Company (Meghalaya Discom) to ensure that the electricity distribution system will be better for the people.
Gadkari said multi-modal logistics parks have also been proposed in Udaipur in Tripura and Silchar in Assam.
SpaceX has launched 50,000 aquatic creatures into space to test the life of these aquatic creatures. im in the water, to compare whether man can live in the sky, like these creatures in the water.
“I am surprised how they called me even though I lost, there is something wrong,” said Manas.
If we talk about the Nongdihkyiad, many of us will feel that it is a shameful job.
“There are those who say that our party ends only in Khanapara, but I feel that only in Khanapara is enough for us to rule.
If the Corona virus still reaches only the nose and throat, it can still be cured.
Ma Finelynes Bareh MDC Rymbai Khliehriat has won the election as the Lamphang of JHADC on Monday without any opposition.
Worldwide, 1 million people have been infected and about 100,000 have died.
On the other hand, Bah Charles Marngar Dy.Chairman of KHADC said that the KAAC should never interfere with the development works of Meghalaya, but let the development works continue. The KAAC has also promised to respect each other, as the border settlement between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam is ongoing in the second phase. They will start inspecting the areas through the Regional Committees and expect that the demarcation will be as smooth as the people want.
Police immediately rushed to the scene and chased down the white van as explained by the child but it is surprising that they did not find anything until they followed. The child was found to be a game to show the world her wisdom and courage to commit this crime.
Although most of the children are still new, they are expected to play well for the sake of bringing fame and glory to the State as a whole.
At this meeting, the Union Minister emphasized on the status of schemes implemented by the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Fisheries and Border Areas Development departments in the district.
At present, Dr Mukul said the government has received the report of the Social Impact Assessment (SIA) regarding the land in Malidor, East Jaintia Hills District while the other land has been allocated by the government. Shillong, Naitung 20: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has demanded that the state government should take measures to reduce the burden of school children carrying bags every day. , demanded that the Minister of Education should consult with various schools on how to reduce the weight of school bags.
Nongpoh, Nailar 07: As part of the training to the students on the dangers of drugs and also on the smuggling of drugs which has affected the society, Ri Bhoi College through the Health and Hygienic Cell at on the 4th of July 2023, a special training program was held on the harmful effects of drugs and also on drug trafficking. youth and society.
It was like the man and the cow that gave birth to a golden calf. To get the calf, he killed the cow.
15 Oomeeo and Five Spoons.
KHNAM, which has been demanding the revision of the Reservation Policy from the beginning, said that it supports the VPP regarding this demand, but the VPP is silent regarding the Roster System only because it suggests. the Reservation Policy.
(Pemberton, Capt.
The Government has also approved the Contributory Provident Fund (CPF) for the deficit teachers.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sardar Vallabhai Patel advised Nehru that the people of Khasi Hills deserve special recognition and this was expressed in his Demi Official (DO) letter. Nehru married Sardar Vallabhai Patel on 13th March
War East Satpator District has no towers without network, no towers without network! Request to the Sengbhalang to fight especially the villages around the network is not enough road is not clean how? The request from the residents of Amlari Model that the village can There is no network but for decades you have to walk 2 or 3 km to get network especially now many children who have online classes how to stay in the forest just because of the lack of network.
Raymond Mylliempdah took 10 wickets for 9 runs in 10 overs while Heh Kamai Sari took 10 wickets for 19 runs in 4 overs.
East Garo Hills SP JFK Marak said police, SWAT and COBRA teams conducted an attack at the area, about 25 kilometers from Williamnagar.
The court said that the case has been adjourned for some time on the request of both the parties to resolve the case by mutual agreement.
However, the CEM advised them that it is not necessary to put their signatures and advised them that each Minister should stand up and tell the name and surname of the Minister. that they are Ministers.
Be careful, don't be afraid of others.
Ha ki sub-division, Mairang – Brolding Nongsiej, Sohra – Hamletson Dohling, Amlarem – Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Dadengre – Thomas A Sangma,Pynursla – Sanbor Shullai, Chokpot – Rupert Momin, Raksamgre – Ranedic Marak, Mawshynrut – Gigur Mykorrthong, Marwein, Patharkhmah - Sosthenes Sohtun, Hima Shangpung - Comingone Ymbon.
The Ministry of Health & Family Welfare Meghalaya in collaboration with the MOMENTUM Routine Immunization Transformation and Equity Project, has successfully conducted a State Media Sensitization Workshop on the Intensified Mission Indradhanush 5.0 ( BMI 5.0).
In another development, James Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs, said that the internet and messaging services will be suspended for two days.
“ I will do whatever it takes and the most important thing is my team.
As a sign of the launch of the fertilizer, Bah Banteidor, MLA Mawkynrew and currently the Chief Advisor in the Department of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, handed over the fertilizer bags to the fertilizer distributors at the meeting. Thynroit on the 26th July, 2023 and distribute to the farmers of Mawkynrew area.
“I feel that Christian leaders should have an understanding of the law at the same time to educate their members on issues that affect their faith, as well as on issues that affect society as a whole. other.
He said that the Congress party itself still has leaders who can bring a tough fight for other parties like RV Lyngdoh, Charles Marngar, HDR Lyngdoh and U.K. bah PN King.
Conrad said that these days the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma wants only to have the opening ceremony or laying the foundation stone to showcase the work of the government. They told me that the prime minister has ordered them to find out what needs to be opened in Lum Garo. I'll open it," he said.
In this regard, the snowfall of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the pedestrians and also to the vehicles passing and parked on the road.
The union also demanded to appoint more casual or muster roll or permanent employees, because when there is a shortage of lines, only two or three line men can work.
The Government of Meghalaya and District Councils should include the Instrument of Accession (IOA & AA) in the Constitution of India, as the people of Kashmir have received in their IOA through Article
Speaking to reporters, Paul said that many of the achievements of the state government should be praised, he recalled the budget introduced by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma. the meeting of the council.
“The actions of these persons attract punishment under Section 66D of the Information Technology Act, 2000, Sections 171 (C), 171 (G) of the Indian Penal Code, ), 171 (F), 153A, 499, 500, 505(2); and the provisions of the Representation of Peoples Act, 1951 including Section 125,” she said.
The chief guest at the opening ceremony was Dr H.H.Mohrmen.
“It is when this present Government came, took steps and we have worked hard on this issue and we are very happy that we have been able to see the fruits of victory and as I said, we are still waiting. “It's a mining lease,” he added.
He is smart and stingy to help with the household chores and he never refuses to do any work that he has to do with hard work and minutes to achieve success.
Sangma said the Minister of Railways has informed him that there is money allocated to the State for the payment of compensation for the land fee and other parts of the project.
Therefore, the residents and drivers are requested to stay for a while.
In addition, the Meghalaya government has allocated T.148.67 crore between November 2019 and October
He said that the youth of today should be able to provide employment to others because there are many financial assistance provided by the government as loans. , in a small amount of money in order to pave the way for the youth to earn a sufficient income for their future.
At the rally, which was attended by about 200 leaders of various political parties, they demanded that the state government should implement the Innerline Permit Bill and also demanded that the Indian government should revoke the citizenship. Amendbill 2016, but the demand is not to implement the National Registration of Citizens (NRC).
Besides, police also seized 34 stamp seals, which the suspect had made using various government departments.
Wessily Rani, Sd.
This has happened in a few months and now in this election it has been heard that there has been a huge money laundering in many constituencies.
However, as of now, they have said that in case of emergency, only one has been more helpful, and it should be placed in more central places to drive to the lower areas of Pynursla.
The 41-slam report submitted to the High Court on 23.5.2022 states that except for the promulgation of the Meghalaya Minerals Rules 2022 on 24th October other instructions and orders were never implemented.
Flexible: means that it can be flexible; The son is not able to do whatever he wants.
The Seng said that people are living in this era of global warming and climate change and if the people do not respect the environment there will be loss of forests and wildlife. The time has come for mankind to disappear from this earth, as happened to the dinosaurs which have disappeared from this earth and remain only memories in books and legends.
We who live in Shillong cannot understand this truth.
Reading the labels on the packages : It is important to read the labels on the food packages you buy. use less as the first ones that appear are among the most severe to be in these food packages you buy.
Risa Colony opened the scoring through Nonistar Swer in the 4th minute.
However, in response to RR, the opposition team was blocked from scoring and exceeding the runs of LSG chess, where they completed their 20 overs with only 144 runs for seven wickets, with Avesh Khan taking three wickets for the team that won the match.
After that, he moved from one village to another and in 1995, he settled in New Hruaikawn; but it is not until 2023 that he will be able to go back to school, simply because he wants to speak English, write English and understand reading news on television.
Application shall be submitted to the MCMC at least 02 (two) days prior to the date of publication of such notices.
The statement said that the robbers who sent the letter, have threatened to take strong action against these lawyers if they continue to take the lead in defending the case against some clients and participation in the litigation involving these clients.
I have been an MLA and MDC for 40 years, and if I have one MP, I think it is enough for me, but alone it is too difficult because an MP should be in the party,” said Bah Bindo. .
The State Government has decided to allocate another 1.4 acres of land for the relocation of 342 Harijan households from Thew Iew Mawlong. until the second month of July
The suspect was identified as Lendrithbirth Ch Marak of Nengkong village, near Siju, about 20 kilometers from South Garo Hills district.
The world is left wondering.
The first match of the day was between Nongdawah CC and Laitjem CC. In this match, Nongdawah CC won the toss and elected to tied first.
The signboard was installed by the Seng because in its view, the areas of Meghalaya in the border areas with Assam are in the midst of conflict from one side to the other. from time to time and Assam tries as much as possible to cross the border from time to time into parts of Meghalaya.
The SI was rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital and later sent to Guwahati.
Khliehriat: The KSU Khliehriat Circle, today, met with the management of the State Bank of India (SBI) following the complaint of the residents of the ATM machine in Khliehriat.
According to the RTI, the allocation for the scheme for the provision of toilets to the people in Sohmynting village is 12000/- tyngka per household and about 381 households are the beneficiaries.
If it complies, it will have to be prepared to comply for others that may arise in the future.
“The government should respect the police who are responsible and orderly but should punish those who commit crimes,” said Bah Ardent.
On this day, 198 people including children, women and elderly people who came to this Medical Camp were treated.
Besides, the Anti Dacoity Camp has been set up by the Ri Bhoi Police, which is also an entry and exit point for the people who use the Patharkhmah-Jirang road. to Guwahati Assam, therefore through the presence of this police station, it will provide safety to the people and passengers through this road.
Kouame said the project will be for the Disaster Management of Assam to fight against natural disasters and at the same time, the project will also be for the protection of the livelihoods of the people. the people of Assam.
So far, I have visited 11 villages and out of these 11 villages I have found that there are villages which have been well prepared, but still there are villages which have not been able to prepare well. Therefore, I would like to ask you to take the responsibility of the village leaders to provide for those youths who come from other states. .
“At present, the Women's Organization has 31 Units of Women's Organizations from different villages.
In the midst of grief and suffering due to the violence against the minorities in Manipur, the Gangte and Kuki kai minorities have arrived in Shillong, where they have been received and provided with food and shelter. About 50 people have been evacuated with the assistance of the Relief Camp Gangte at Madanryting, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, the Deputy General Manager (Retail Sales), K Mohan, today announced that Meghalaya will receive 233 new petrol pumps. from today.
It may be recalled that before the start of the public meeting, the Pastor apologized to the people for the mistake in the time, because in fact it was scheduled for 11 pm but the time was suddenly postponed to 1 pm. He expressed his regret over the postponement of the meeting at 1 pm and had to wait until 3:30 or 4 pm. He said that there are unknown forces. He said that this is not the first time but they do this almost all the meetings.
After this we will meet again to implement the decisions”.
We respect the way of life in Meghalaya and the entire North East and we want an answer because this will affect our lives.
The Under-19 team will leave the state for Gujarat today, 5th November,
However, no one has taken action to stop such people and this is exactly like in the field of SOCIAL MEDIA there is no society and this shows a dark future even for the small nation. which is the only part of the Khasi people.
However, the media, as well as the government official, have already announced that the buses to pick up and pick up children, will be equipped with CCTV cameras and there will also be a mobile app to parents so that they can know where the bus is going and how long it will arrive and what is happening on those buses.
Jumai has stirred up the crowd so much that many of them have sought refuge from suddenly waking up from their sleep, going outside and some praying to the Creator to deliver them from the danger.
Swamy has improved and improved the old record of 705/720 set by USA athlete Liko Arreola. Colombia's Sara Lopez scored 713 points.
It can be said that these sportsmen who have been produced by the state are due to their own ability and the opportunity to take up sports as a livelihood but only a few children from the villages have the opportunity to shine. even if they have a talent that is equal to that of players from all over the world.
“We will create 3.5 jobs in the next five years and we will also set up two SEZs and an Additional IT Park.
Other speakers included UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh, KHADC Member Mitchell Wankhar and Langkyrdem MDC Ryngkat Lyngdem.
On the issue of the magistrate's ban on posting the pictures of the two children who were killed by their father, Kharshiing said, “Ka It is surprising to see that the magistrate has banned the posting of pictures of children and this is not a POCSO case where they are not allowed to post pictures of these children”.
Fish shops have been ordered to open from 7 pm to 7 pm, except on Sundays.
He said the ILP in Assam will not affect the economic development or the operation of railways and airports in the state.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has taken part in the 150th Birthday Celebration of the Father of the Nation. India to Mahatma Gandhi.
The students also performed a march pass and mass drill which impressed the spectators and the elderly who came to witness.
“I want to see the Blue Print that they have prepared to bring about change if it is true that they want a bright future and they love the nation,” he said. for perhaps if I see that blue print, it will encourage me to join them.
The father was identified as Saeed.
However, in the Langpih sector, the forced occupation of farmland, farms and land is by Nepalis who are not citizens of India but are mynder.
At present, the Seng said that it is not known who has the authority to commit such illegal acts in the village. permission to conduct these activities even in the early hours of the morning within the village.
Manly Heart Ryndong, wife of Dr EA Paswet, resident of Khimusniang, Jowai, passed away on
If we forget the names of the places which we have seen with our eyes and which we have heard with our voices, how can we forget the language of the thylliej which we hear when we speak?
There are 73 lakh households in Punjab, of which 62 lakh will benefit from this decision of the state government.
The Sordar of Raid Thadrang, together with several elders who are members of the Raid, visited the Wah on 20th June, 2014, and During the inspection, it was found that the fish from large to small have died and have been thrown away from the banks of the river, including the Shnat Wah Umtyrkhang and Umraliang.
Denice Kharkongor won the second runner-up while Graci Nandy won the first runner-up.
He said that many non-Khasis people have stayed with their inheritance in Lyngkhat, but while the village does not allow them, they are allowed, and he admitted that they have told the village but only those who have been able to live, farm and farm are not ready enough for the registration of voters.
And the angel of the LORD said unto him, Abraham, lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him.
The worst thing in this age and twenty-first century is that people are looked down upon as criminals or regarded as sinners just because they are poor and these too are victims of bloodshed.
The Odisha government has evacuated 50 lakh people and said 14 districts in Odisha were affected by the cyclone.
In November 2014, Ronaldo became the fastest goalscorer to reach 200 La Liga goals in 178 La Liga appearances.
Shillong, Iaiong 28 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday visited the newly constructed buildings at the Daribok Tourist Spot, located at the foot of Mount Nokrek in Garo Hills. .
He said Iran has promised to look into their demand after careful consideration.
He has been missing since 17th July and has not returned home.
Why doesn't the government, the media, the NGOs, the port, the NGOs, the civil hospital Shillong LA have been without a specialist in gastroenterologist and neurologist for 50 years? .
“The purpose of setting up the RDA is also to see that the national political parties are strong,” he said.
Only one thing we know is that the greatest tribulation is near and all these things are near.
This desire of mine is still strong in my heart.
In 1951-61, the population growth in Assam was 34.98% compared to the growth of only 21% in India.
When these writings are older, you can see in them substances that are small and red like coal.
“I don't know that my daughter is in love with Mohun, but it was after seeing the texts on my mobile phone and the pictures of them sitting together that I knew that they were in love,” said Angelbeth's father.
A total of 3,424 voters from Shillong and 2,682 voters from Tura have already registered on Form 12D to vote at home.
The Seng would also like to extend its condolences to the families of these 3 (Lai) youths and especially to them. “I hope that God will be with them,” said Charlie J. Rani, President, CEC, United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM).
The SP (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, said that the District Administration has not yet given permission to the vendors to continue their sales at Police Bazaar due to the COVID-19 pandemic. before the shops.
Within half an hour, Ibashisha Khongwet (25 & 29) scored two more goals and Ridalin Suting scored the last goal in the 33rd minute.
“It was a sudden incident and while the building was collapsing, I was bombed by a nar rod and fell on my hand and some people ran and beat me,” said Swarno Mahato, 55 years old. He is from Goaltore village in West Midnapore district.
The Committee has also approved three projects along with other allocations amounting to T.577.35 crore.
We have seen that many MLAs and their families have been damaged in the past four months.
It is learned that the workers were unable to stop the leakage and it took up to 10 hours to reinforce it.
“Now the Congress party has no more order but has gone beyond the rules of order which has led me to take this decision to leave,” said Bah Khan.
From Ri Bhoi, South West Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills, all these cases were confirmed positive.
Speaking at the launch of the book, the Minister said that Mot Phran is known not only in Meghalaya but in the East and also in India because people who come here want to visit. visit the French Monument.
However, the Assam police yesterday, patrolled in the Khasi villages and this has caused panic among the people.
Soon after, the foreigner even forced the woman to give her phone number.
Hundreds of boys and girls attended the closing ceremony.
After it was discovered that there was a hole in the throat, the child was discharged from the hospital.
Use a small bowl when eating food and a large bowl when drinking water.
Through this goal, the SELCO Foundation has been a blessing to many government health centers in the state and as in Ri-Bhoi District, solar power has been installed in all health centers from PHC, Sub Center, The Foundation also aims to provide solar power to all PHCs and Sub Centers in the state with the aim of improving health services. so that the health centers do not lose electricity in relation to the services and treatment of the public.
On this occasion, the union wanted to know the current status of the Village Administration Bill (VAB) and on the MUDA Act, it was informed that the bill is under the jurisdiction of the High Court. Meghalaya, however, said that the party does not know what the state government is doing on this issue and demanded that the state government should appeal to the Supreme Court.
Rakkam A Sangma and Marcuise N Marak of the NPP and Lahkmen Rymbui and Mathew Kurbah of the UDP have proposed his name. Law.
These are the slaves that you have made for yourselves, you are happy with the 500,000 rupees that they gave you during the elections and if they win all 5 years they will live to save their own. the cost and income more than that.
If you can't do it by force, do it by planning but the planning should be complete and planning should be good. We are small paid. We can't do it by force. I want to remind you that Unity stands together. I want to remind you that 'Unity' stands together in relation to the border dispute. (Assam and Meghalaya), should file a case in the Supreme Court so that the Central Government can take action to resolve the issue.
State referee Ri-ïohlang Dhar returned home on Tuesday after participating in the AFC U-17 Women's Asian Cup 2024 held in Bali. Indonesia.
The report will be submitted to the AICC leadership at the MPCC general meeting on 5th June.
The followers of Jesus wept and mourned because of the persecution, and other villagers including slaves, Gentiles, Greeks, women and even the Jews who lived in Saul's time were persecuted. knocked out.
Langsning are in the bottom position and have not scored a single point.
Speaking to reporters, Bah P Nongshli, Chairman of the Union of Six Villages, said that the Union is deeply saddened to hear the complaints of the people and this is only because of the deterioration of the Union. to the street.
“Furthermore, on the request of the CSA, the government has opened the doors for discussion on any issue.
She said the government's decision to use the same stick for government-trained nurses and self-trained nurses is untrue.
When calculating the income of these small banks , if one person receives T.8000 tyngka and if paid to 60 people , it will be only T.4.80 lakh tyngka pat in the shisngi.
There will also be clashes between the police and the crowd on any day.
“The question we want to ask the Government of Meghalaya is, how much do these Ad-hoc teachers have to suffer? Isn't it the duty of the Government to compensate for their suffering? The price of goods, rent, travel expenses and other necessities are increasing almost every month, shouldn't the salary of Ad-hoc teachers be increased two or three times a year? ," asked the Seng.
Therefore, the best way is to provide for all these things through having various legal rules, procedures and policies that must be strictly followed.
He admitted that the tax collectors demanded T.500 from each truck but when they refused to pay, the next day they were arrested by the police who collected up to T.1000 from each truck.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: On the 12th of this month at 12:30 pm, a Maruti Gypsy (JK-02R-9878) was driven by D/C Sunil Kumar (37). year) of 130 Bn.
Bah Deng Shylla is also a well-versed Bible scholar, but if you are a traditionalist, you are neglecting the Word of God for your own tradition (Mk 7:13).
If this new prediction is true, the coalition government will be the same, the MDA-II as happened to the MUA I & II government of Dr Mukul Sangma in -2013 ,& 2013-2018.
“This information will enable the police to improve their operations in Garo Hills,” said the DGP. GNLA Chief Sohan D Shira near Nengsang Adugre in Durama Hills, police have seized the explosives used to make these bombs.
Police and magistrates on receiving a tip rushed to the scene to stop the incident and with the immediate arrival of the police, the district authorities have closed the door. This is the weighbridge.
“I went abroad after five years: I didn't get permission before I went abroad, even though I was invited and invited many times,” Banerjee said.
On the occasion , the MLA of Sohra , Bah Titos W Chyne , who is also the former MDC of the area , has sent his condolences to the family members of the area pay compensation to the family members for the incident.
“I have directed the Secretary PWD, the Chief Engineer (NH) to monitor and ensure that the work should be completed as soon as possible,” he said.
This you can do by taking a few steps of change and maintaining a healthy body from within.
The Prime Minister of Australia expressed his condolences over the tragic incident and assured that the authorities will do their utmost to assist and investigate the incident.
“So even if scientists now find that it will take about 14 to 18 months to get that drug, we should not be afraid or lose hope because we have a merciful God.
Speaking at a meeting of the NPP party in Rambrai, Bah Macmillan Byrsat said that the NPP will win all three seats in West Khasi Hills. They have come to join the NPP party which is the only party that will give hope to the people.
He said that at the meeting today, it was decided that the union will not stop the strike unless the government forgives 50% of the vehicle license tax and to forgive the Meghalaya Valur tax. Added Tax 25% is charged at petrol pumps.
There are times when pilots operate from Advance Landing Grounds (ALGs) where the length of the runway is only one of the three required feet.
In addition to the construction of a new Shillong city and making it a center for development and culture in the North East, funding will be increased to transform the city. Jowai and Tura as the fastest growing cities.
“Until now, the talks on many of the laws to protect the nation have not reached anywhere, because we as a nation have forgotten our new identity, we have joined India through the IOA and AA, we have not merged politically with the country. Indian Union, but now the Government of India through the violation of the IOA and AA and the Standstill Agreement has been involved in everything from mineral resources, forests, even the ILP. government which through the provisions of the IOA and AA such a law is already the right of the people.
The CRPs were infected at their camp in Kangpokpi district while the soldiers were at Leimakhong Garrison, said Dr Khoirom Sasheekumar Mangang, Additional Director, Health Department, Manipur.
Similarly, in our state, according to the population of different ethnic groups, 80% for Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, 5% for other ethnic groups. 15% for the open category and 15% for the open category.
Besides, the elderly who receive only 500 tyngka from the government, have to come from Nongstoiñ and have to spend up to 300 thousand tyngka for the vehicle fee to collect the 500 tyngka. .
According to the residents, the four bus stopped to pass through the area but due to the weight of the ground, it stopped completely until it could not move.
God says love your neighbor as yourself.
However, at this time when school children have to take exams and farmers have to sell food items, they should protest and we support them to protest to demand punishment for those involved in the killing of residents. village," he added.
They are not allowed to carry weapons (bombs, guns, knives etc).
Myntri Shantru said that according to the question from the Syiem how he gave land to build cemeteries to the churches;  It is learned that only the dorbar fee was given and received, but it is surprising how for 10,000 sq ft of land, the fee of up to T.5 lakh was given to the Church of Christ in Jaiaw.
On the other hand, the KSU has laid a wreath in front of the statue of Babu Soso Tham which the KSU has erected on the ground floor of NEHU to honor him.
Shillong, July 4: Replying to a question by Bah DD Lapang, the General Secretary Incharge Meghalaya, CP Joshi, today said that James Lyngdoh will now be the Working President of the Congress party in the state.
"One soldier looked at the right opportunity and at that moment, he managed to shoot the commander, Colonel Yuri Medvedev, and both his legs were seriously injured," he said. Cymbal.
This mobile application will also help the Program Officers to track the delivery of funds to the ASHAs. The implementation of this application has already started from Umling Block, Ri Bhoi.
The Nongsiat were sent, first by George, followed by Terang, the last of Father.
Chalai said the money can be released within the next two or three months and the State Government should implement it immediately.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: After the inspection by the HITO and the results of the inspection of the school children affected by the emission of waste from the factory in Harligbagan, Byrnihat, the Magistrates and the relevant authorities of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board They today visited the factory in Byrnihat to investigate the allegation that the residents and school children have been affected by the garbage and smoke from the factory in Byrnihat.
This was announced by the President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Bah Marbud Dkhar.
“I know that there will be many discussions in the future whether Meghalaya needs such tourists but time will tell. “This is the courageous spirit shown by the MDA government to take a decision to repeal the Act immediately,” said Dr Ampareen.
The Union has given time to these ministers and the prime minister to resign by the 4th of this month and if the demand is not met, lakhs of people will protest as shown on the 30th. They will sit at the main gate of the Secretariat on the following day, the 5th of this month.
The blast came as hundreds of people were gathering to commemorate the death anniversary of Iranian General Qassem Soleimani, who was shot dead. by drone, in
“We have not seen the writings in the Bill whether the Schedule Areas are exempt, but as we can understand, if it comes into force, we should not accept this Bill because we have been recognized separately even in the Schedule Areas. Article 10 of the Constitution and the existence of Autonomous District Councils, Raid Dorbars and so on,” he said.
Shillong, June 25: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the Government has set a target to ensure that severe punishment is imposed on the smuggling and smuggling of beaiñ to the coal.
“I'm done,” he replied and went into the room.
We respect the longkur ka longkha, and the role of mother, father and father has been assigned to us from generation to generation.
Purno said this after journalists from the area listened to the proceedings of the Parliament.
RR Kleiñ Syiem of Raid Kharpati, Sr Anima CM, Headmistress of St. Anthony's Secondary School Kharpati, Jayanta Mudoi and Ibadahun Kharkongor were also present. HDFC Bank and other dignitaries, parents and students of the school who also took part in various songs and dances to celebrate the day.
"I don't know what to do..." said Deisy. Riia dragged them both into the house.
Bah Marcus Marten, said that he does not want this incident to happen again or to slap hands only in the media, but to be elders and leaders who have a clear mind. thinking, they should come in the right direction, not by force or feeling of pride.
If we want this to happen, we need to have people who are honest, truthful, intelligent and understand politics and who have the spirit to do themselves for the country and the nation.
Furthermore, these two, are pleased to express that with this thanksgiving, they hope that the disease of ngoh that is coming to lyngshop now, will disappear from this country and also from the blood of the world, How much more so that children and young people should be able to go to their own schools and expect that this new year will be a good one. They are filled with joy and happiness, but the blessing of God is upon them all.
Parliamentary Secretary of C&RD Noverfield R. Marak, Chairman of GHADC PK Sangma and other MDCs, former Government Ministers MD Shira, Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi, Director of Social Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang were also present. He was also present at the meeting along with other dignitaries.
“We have been borrowing money from every shop and after one shop doesn't give us money, we have to go to another shop to ask for money,” said Bah Rumnong.
Shillong: “Telecom is part of the Central Government, the State Government is working with the Telecommunications Department, the Central Government to facilitate and expedite the delivery of Mobile Networks to the rural areas of the State,” said the Minister of State for Telecom. Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Information Technology and Communication, Government of Meghalaya, in the Legislative Assembly.
When inquired, they said that they had to clean the road to Rongjeng, which was taken by the company CCL International Limited, said the manager of the company, Jay Kishore. .
The final match will be played on the 7th between Salaroh and Mukhla FC. The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Narpuh Circle, Kong Deiwi, said that despite the despair, God has raised us up. The VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has seen hope for the future of the country and the nation through clean governance.
“It's like he's the owner of the land in Thieddieng,” she said.
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was held with a welcome speech by Samla Raj Passah, while the President of KOSCY SHG, Bah Wenrickson Wahlang gave a speech on the celebration of World Environment Day. , after this, a speech was delivered by Mr. Pyndaplang Muksor who spoke on the importance of the environment for mankind and the most important thing is to take care of it.
“TB is not the biggest killer in my view as a leader,” she said.
“Besides being a road that has served dozens of villages and is long in length, it is not an easy task to raise a large amount of money for the rehabilitation and especially to “It's a good idea to improve this road,” said the MLA of Mawhati.
Thus they loved and strengthened each other.
Therefore, everyone needs to receive and read it so that human life will not remain in darkness.
Command said the time has come for the farmers to stand up for themselves to speak out on the problems faced by the farmers of Phlangwanbroi and Mawsynram.
“I am surprised that when there is a flood in Garo Hills, the media of the country does not believe to publish anything,” he said.
However, if we count the turnout, there are still many voters who did not cast their votes.
Lasse started playing the guitar when he was a child in his hometown of Nora, Sweden.
And the city hath no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.
The newly established office of the KSU will fall under the KSU Jowai Circle.
In public administration, there is a time and there is also a price and this is the truth, where the BJP MLA, was beaten yesterday, in front of a large crowd, in one farmer in Unnao, Uttar Pradesh.
The BJP Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi has released a grant of Rs 151.9 crore for the Hunar Skill Development Center which includes a Nursing College and a 300 bed hospital, a Pharmaceutical College, a Paramedical College, a Skill Development Center and a hostel for men and women with a capacity of about 1000 rooms and a Working Women's Hostel.
Police said that Faster tried to blow up another petrol bomb at another liquor shop, but at that time he saw that the police were nearby and fled.
This was found by the HYC Mawthadraishan Circle on 15th November in Mawphanlur where one of the contractors brought in foreign workers to complete some construction projects in Mawphanlur.
“As the Rangbah Shnong, I have been threatened and warned, the people have forbidden me to stay in the village, I have to flee.
The program was launched with the aim of providing assistance to the people in need of health facilities and assistance to the villages living in the border areas.
You can share on social media but you must share like this picture with my address and name.
At the same time, he said the party has also demanded to upgrade the Umsning-Mawhati to Jagiroad road as a two-lane road to make it easier for the people to travel to Assam.
On the 1st of the last day of the Dorbar, there was another heated argument and a table-setting and a handshake, which the opposition on that day also left the House suddenly. The Dorbar shall pass 5 Bills relating to Hima and Elaka.
Abu Taheer Mondal has been appointed as Electricity, Community and Rural Development and Taxation Department while Marcuise N Marak has been appointed as Public Health Engineering Department, Housing and Soil and Water Conservation.
It shouldn't be like this. We shouldn't be allowed to turn around so that they can understand.
Production should be cheap and consumption should also be cheap.
But he said to Adong, 'You shall not eat of the fruit of the tree.
In a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Albert Lyngdoh Mawlong, the party said, “The party feels that it is necessary to give its opinion. The Veterinary Department should set up a center to check animals, especially chickens from outside the state so that any diseases transmitted from these animals will not affect the animals. indigenous people who eat these kinds of meat.
Latest reports said that if the rainfall continues, there could be another landslide and heavy rockfall in the area in Sonapyrdi.
Another market resident in Iawmusiang, while speaking, strongly criticized the JMB for its inability to resolve this issue since the beginning of its operation in Jowai. office shall first provide a garbage dump.
Speaking to media after the handover of the list, Dr. Jemino said that only Raliang and Amlarem led by the UDP MLA, Bah Lahkmen, remain. Rymbui is also the Minister of Home Affairs.
However, the Chairman has been paid lakhs and crores of rupees per month.
He is also the oldest DSP of the state.
This is the Rev. Thomas Jones, who came with his wife, Mrs. Anne Jones.
In a statement, Mukul Sangma said the state government has allowed the NGOs to withdraw from their existing parties and to take part in the society. The Prime Minister has taken seriously the news and has ordered a thorough investigation into the incident. He said that if any member of a political party, whether it is the Congress or any other political party, tries to cooperate with the HNLC, GNLA or any other illegal party, they will do so. and he said, I will not.
“We are not power seekers but when the opportunity arises, we are ready to accept to lead the EC,” he said.
The Orphan Children's Foundation (OCF) under the leadership of its Founder Chairman L Dkhar has once again received the opportunity to provide food items and blankets to the children in Pamrakmai, East Jaintia Hills District.
The recent approvals by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs demonstrate the Government of India's commitment to sustainable agriculture and the welfare of farmers.
The order from the DC's office also explained that it is prohibited to leave the villages and urged the public to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. virus'.
Varun Sood supported Sikkim by tied for 60 runs, but Meghalaya did not give up and Sanjay Yadav scored 2/24 while Dippu Sangma scored 1/1 9, Chengkam Sangma 1/12 and Akash Kumar Choudhary 1/2
As the election to the Legislative Assembly approaches, supporters from various political parties have also gathered to support their respective candidates and riots have also happened at such times.
On the other hand, the party is surprised why the government has taken action to arrest and arrest only the members of the party who came out to protect the Jaidbynriew, while not taking action to arrest the top drug traffickers. Why can't you arrest those who steal from banks and ATMs? The last message of the union to the government is that it should immediately release this young man and stop the violence. against the members of the party, otherwise the party will not think otherwise.
Shullai admitted that the Dorbar Shnong is in the dark about the action of the District Council.
Erick Nongkhlaw of Umiam United was named man of the match for his save.
He said that while the government is delaying to evict the people living in the area, which covers about 7 acres of the government's property, the party will continue to build houses every month.
Furthermore, the group suggested that the State Government and the District Council should go to the Supreme Court to explain the land under the jurisdiction of the Hima. Khasi as stated in the Sixth Schedule as adopted and enacted since 26th July 1950 as mentioned and recommended in the Report of Justice YV Chandrachud, Chairman of the Assam-Meghalaya Boundaries Commission on 27th November
The Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah have met with the President, the Finance Minister of India and the Symbud President of India today to congratulate them on their arrival. Government of Meghalaya.
The match was attended by Bah Bateilang S Rumnong, Bah Richard H.Dkhar, President and Secretary of Seng Khasi College, Principal Bah WB Rynjah, teachers and students of the colleges. to participate in this competition.
Shillong: Regarding the meeting of all political parties convened by the MDA government tomorrow 19th June 2023 to discuss the roster system, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) would like to express its appreciation for the roster system. This is due to the order of the High Court of Meghalaya to the state government.
Shillong: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah SDhar on Friday launched two vehicles of the Shillong Municipal Board, a Jatayu Litter Picking Machine and a Truck Mounted Road Sweeping Machine, at the office of the Shillong Municipal Board. Shillong Municipal Board.
They must be independent and impartial to any candidate.
When you are really scared, your mind and body are very tired.
He was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 21-05-2
“On the other hand, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has told them that the Union Home Minister has invited them to meet in the first or second month of February,” he said. he said.
In men's double, Deilang Nongpluh and Burom Lakiang won 21-11, 21-0
She was very sick from her broken hand that was beginning to swell.
I mean, I'm born with a long blood.
On the occasion, Conrad also sought the assistance of the Minister to set up a sports center in the state especially as the state will host the National Games in
“The protest will continue indefinitely, and we are in the barracks in front of the office in Lawmali,” said Bah Roipar.
When contacted by Rupang, Sister Ann, who is in charge of the Mercy Home, said that the Mercy Home has 40 people including 15 men and 25 women.
“I don't have any information about this but I've seen it in the media.
Other nations will ridicule the writer and the written.
After this payment, the government has taken back the land from the hands of the companies.
“The Waheh Shnongs of Urban Jowai in this meeting with the MLA have expressed their opposition to the relocation of North Jowai Division and demanded from the MLA to cancel the relocation, but the MLA said that nothing can be done. The North Jowai Division will be replaced by a Mini Secretariat in Jowai,” said Alan Niangti, President of the Union of Urban Village Authorities.
Police said that other GNLA members have escaped.
Besides farming, there are about 5 farmers of cows and a few farmers of goats. Almost all the Khasi farmers have 9-12 cows per household to buy and sell. There are 2 breeders, 3 people who know how to make khoh, star, kriah, shang, ruh, thri shylliah to shoot rice, knob, prah, mula, siej shylliah, tyra shylliah, thiar shylliah and others, only 1 cloth, shopkeeper in Nongstoin about 10 people and fishermen in Wah Kynshi who catch a lot of fish to eat and sell in the Nongstoin market.
After that he went to Calcutta Engineering College on the Overseer's Course and passed the First Division in
“Only from a small amount of money we helped Michael to take part in Kolkata.
This independent decision has already been given to the Deputy Commissioners,” he said.
She said that the employees working in Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat, Dalu, Phulbari and others are in fear of being laid off or transferred to other places because MeECL has handed over to the companies to work for them. you don't know what you're doing.
Another issue that has affected the traffic is the tourists as buses are no longer allowed to pass across the river and many tourists have to stop across the Umngi River if They want to cross and if they want to visit the hotspring those who go by bus have to walk.
“For now, let us go across the bridge, we will see later, the decision will be up to the elected MLAs,” he said.
Conrad said that there are 46 processing units in Amlarem.
The body is still at the Civil Hospital, Shillong. The man, whose name is unknown, is believed to be in his 30s to 40s.
I say this not to intimidate anyone, but I urge all those who read this article to be vigilant and to base themselves on what has happened in the world.
There will also be a prize money for all the winners.
Shillong, Nailar 27 : The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will distribute more than 51,000 appointment letters to newly recruited CAPF personnel on 28th July,
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the Chief Executive Members, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that the Chief Executive Members have expressed their doubts about the NGT's order to ban the mining of coal in this area. state because according to the Constitution of the country, the land belongs to the private sector.
It is only this government that leads the teachers at various levels.
From Saidul, SDF police also seized a ring of heroin weighing about 750 grams.
Speaking on the occasion, Pilestar Nongsiej, President of the Rock Climbing Association (SWKHD-RC&MA) said that the training program started on the 5th and ended on the 5th. today, November 6, 2022 where the purpose of this is to provide training opportunities for the youth of the area to become tourist guides because most of the time hi Many of them are not qualified in this regard, so through this program it will be of assistance to them how to move forward in becoming leaders of foreigners.
“Is this your brother?” asked the officer. “Yes,” replied Bah Sokon. “What do you need?” asked the officer. stand up“Oh! “Look, Bhalang will join us on the 18th of this month,” said the officer while looking at the books.
The Deputy Chairman shall cancel the election.
Praising the work of the four VPP MLAs since their election, Bah Golden said that the job of a leader is not only to advocate in the Assembly, but if necessary to take to the streets with the people. spirit should not come out directly.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Senior Christian Endeavor Society of Pynthor-Umkhrah Presbyterian Church will host the Triennial Convention of the CEC India from the 9th to the 11th of this month.
The program was conducted by Theresia Thyrniang, ANM of the Sub Centre, followed by speakers including D. Lyngkhoi, MLHP, A. Lyngkhei, Clinical Psychologist and Dr. E.Syiemiong, Case Registry Assistant.
The UDP wants the opinion of the people to come together especially on the issues of the nation,” said Dr. Jemino.
The Courtyard By Marriott Shillong is open to choose from three restaurants.
In the second leg, Lumpariat beat Moosalyngkat 3-1. Phahmonmi Rupai scored three goals for Lumpariat in the 10th, 32nd and 56th minutes.
However, the government has called for talks with the Union leaders in Nongpoh and after the talks it has been decided to withdraw the announcement to stop the import of oil to Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ, July 27: West Khasi Hills District is a district rich in beautiful tourist attractions, but due to the lack of roads and the lack of tourism department, the beautiful attractions remain. shrah as they are until now.
Meanwhile, Mishra's lawyer has filed a request before the court to grant bail to Mishra, whose hearing will be held on 11th July
“They say by giving and taking each other but whose land do they want to give? Conrad said that we have gone beyond the areas in question, which shows that he does not understand ei ei this issue.
Jowai, March 24: The 10 Dolloi of Jaintia Hills District today decided to temporarily close down their revenue collection gates. leave and enter the District of Jaintia Hills.
At this point, it is difficult to say whether this soskular is a memorable soskular or whether it will be a threat to the state.
In the past few years, a few months, there has been a discussion that the state urgently needs to strengthen its security in order to curb all the crimes that can come from homes, villages and townships. create or cannot be said from the household.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) have been selected to host the Second Northern Olympic Games 2022 in Shillong from 30th March 2022 to 6th November
Amit Shah said that in the fighting with ULFA, about 10,000 people from both sides have lost their lives, who are citizens of this country, but today it has been resolved immediately. this is the problem.
There are 917 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 454 cases in East Khasi Hills including 39 Armed Forces and 415 civilians. cases in Ri Bhoi district including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 31 cases from civilians, 15 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 10 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 10 cases from West Garo Hills. 254 cases including 7 Armed Forces personnel and 247 civilians, 39 cases in South West Garo Hills, 49 cases in South Garo Hills, 27 cases in East Garo Hills and 27 cases in North Garo Hills. there are eight of them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has directed the law enforcement agencies in the state to ensure vigilance to maintain peace and order in the state.
In this regard, the Congress party, which is in the opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has told the media that the price of meat has increased and the ban on importing meat from other states to Meghalaya. It has affected the residents of the state to buy dohmasi due to the high price of 500 tyngka per kilo.
Those who have information can also call Dawki Police Station: 9402303222 / 9862370673 and Jowai PCR No:
Mawrice Lyngdoh said, “Thomas Jones has worked hard to train people in the crafts that school teachers now call Socially Useful Productive Work (SUPW)”.
On this occasion, West Shillong MLA Bah M.Rapsang donated T.15 lakh for the needs of the school, while Pralad Toor donated a land for the construction of the school. in Nongpoh.
The incident happened at Joda Fatak while Dusshera celebrations were going on in the area and the incident happened at a closed gate, the railway department said.
It was during the reign of these two that football in Meghalaya began to grow rapidly.
Hamlet said he was surprised that the Mylliem MLA is the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, while in KHADC he is working with the NPP.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo, today said that more than 100 households in East Khasi Hills District have received ex-cratia assistance so far. special by the State Government for the deaths of COVID -1
I don't know what will happen if our leaders don't know how to make laws.
He also urged the residents to take advantage of the various schemes announced through the websites of the government and as school children they should also research the jobs, the payment of electricity bills. and others from government Web sites.
Regarding the suspension of the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC which has ended without any action, Bah Pynshngain said that there are issues that need to be discussed on the streets, but they have not done anything. someone else must speak in the right places, so that it does not become a disadvantage.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The National People's Party (NPP) has scored better votes than Vincent H Pala, the Congress candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
The meeting was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
He recalled that for the first time this year , the KSU has found that there is a registration of people in Mawryngkneng Constituency The people who went to register found that they were from Assa, such as Dhubri and Karimganj.
Therefore, the union demands that immediate action should be taken to conduct an investigation into the lack of foodgrains for these poor families. “The government authorities should punish those involved,” he added.
Shangpliang said that according to the rules of procedure of the government, such people should be suspended or sent on leave. The investigation by the judge into the incident is pending.
The reason for the postponement of the JHADC dorbar is due to the spread of Corona virus or Covid 19 and to implement the India Lockdown which started yesterday. and will end on the 14th of April (21 days).
In this match, all the teams scored 10 goals each until the end of the match.
The drugs were seized from various illegal drug shops in Jowai.
When asked whether he has tried to take Jangson to doctors or hospitals, he said it is very difficult to take Jangson because he is not able to drive.
Prestone also expressed his appreciation to the state government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, which through the wisdom and understanding of the Ministers in the government has been able to bring about many development projects in the country. The state as a whole and the government will ensure that all the villages get development projects.
Alcohol abuse affects health and mental health.
The Chief Electoral Officer of the State Election Commission, Bah Fredrick R Kharkong, while talking to reporters, said that in East Khasi Hills alone, there are about 52,000 youths between the ages of 18-2 Nongkrem constituency has the highest number of unregistered voters with about 15,000 voters while others have only 5-6,000 voters.
The total number of cases has risen to 7,788, the death toll has risen to 483 and the number of recoveries has risen to 22,2
She also explained that the District Mental Health Program (DMHP) is one of the departments that looks after mental health.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in Ri Bhoi District, led by Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, today lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station, against three foreigners. The foreigners have used fake Epic Dur, by pretending to be people from Umshaken, a village in the Umden area.
Another is to renovate all the old buildings in the tourist attractions, to improve the famous footpath like the David Scott Trail and also the various facilities of the tourist attractions of the State.
When we look at the overcrowded city of Shillong these days, it seems that there is no land or opportunity for others in the villages or in the rural areas. They came to flow into the city and fill the streets, markets, roads and highways as well.
As it turned out, we saw a sign of unity as a nation through this protest.
Shavian took another Delhi batsman and scored 2/49 points in 4 overs, while Bilgrak scored 1/25 in 4 overs. 3 overs.
"Do you have a young man?" asked the father.
The purpose of the march was to support and encourage the people to march on the 30th of this month in the procession organized by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep. Dr. Mukul Sangma and his cabinet should resign as demanded by the people.
On the 14th, BSF troops of Pyrdiwah BOP arrested three Indian nationals along with 14 kg of heroin.
At the same time, innovations should not kill and destroy.
The incident of ugly incidents in various places which has caused the people to become angry and angry is due to the behavior and management of the senior officers in various departments and in the different regions.
The incident is understood to have taken place on the border of West Khasi Hills District.
She also expressed her happiness to be included under the PMAY scheme and hoped that she will receive the remaining money.
Therefore, without doubt, the cause of the pollution of this area is the flow of water from these places.
It is only in the Word of God that there is promise to those who are faithful, and it gives hope to those who hope.
Jowai, Naitung 11: Up to 64 youths including 28 boys and 36 girls today completed the Pass Out Parade for 45 days. The Sub Center Tornado Security Agency is located at Umdeinlin, Iooksi Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Holy Mass was held at the Cathedral Shillong Catholic Laitumkhrah, which was attended by Fathers, Sisters, Brothers and other holy followers.
Because it is their right to get a face because this complaint has really humiliated them.
The construction of silver jars along the banks of the Umkhrah River has further stirred up the enemies and people who love evil and who have only studied in schools where cleanliness is closely related to divinity.
We must not be like these Palestinians in Gaza.
The agriculture has been affected by the establishment of these factories and the soil has been damaged by the pumps from these factories.
Speakers who encouraged Jessica Marweiñ to rise to higher levels in the coming days and to do better than now were Bah Kitborlang L. Marshillong, Education Secretary of FKJGP, Bah Running Kharbani, President and other members of the FKJGP and also a speech by Fr.
He said it is the responsibility of the Government to inform the Court regarding this matter.
“It is sad when children fail after parents, who love their children, buy expensive mobile phones for them, especially during covid when online classes have started. , but instead of preparing for books, the children get busy watching mobile phones, until they don't prepare well anymore and fail in the matric or XII examination,” said Bah Sawkmie.
This will happen before 3 and a half years or 1260 days or 42 months.
Through this I also request my dear readers to spend some time every day to pray and remember those who have been infected with covid19 and also for those who have lost their loved ones in covid1 .
Apsharai said he hopes that the people of Nongstoiñ will give him their full support as they won the NPP in the last MLA election.
Tony Garnett, 29, who works as a security guard, has fled Lorna, 28, after deciding to live with Sofiia Karkadym,
The meeting was chaired by P. Basan, Executive Officer of JMB.
Although Mawkriah West lost, Mawkriah West will be proud of their performance in which they managed to stop Umpling for more than 50 minutes to score the first goal. Streamlet Taro scored the third goal for Umpling from the penalty spot.
The writers who participated were from Assam, West Bengal, Sikkim, Darjeeling, Jharkhand, Darbhanga in Bihar, Bodoland, Odia, Manipur and Shillong.
I don't live for my own goals or for my own success.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The Cabinet of Ministers of the Government of Meghalaya on Friday approved the proposal to increase the Secretarial Assistance to retired Judges.
The KSU has accused the government of misusing the law , and has alleged that the law does not apply to foreigners even after they have been arrested for their involvement in different incidents but the state owners are subject to different laws.
This was also through the suggestion of the Principal of Don Bosco Technical School, Fr Arcadius Puweiñ.
Roy Kupar Synrem, one of the leaders of the HYC Sengkmie, has expressed his concern over the decline in education in the state, as it is a shame to the nation that Meghalaya is in the country. second place from the last and even in the Khadar administration the state has declined gradually.
Although Korea had several PCs (penalty corners) to convert them into goals, the team failed to succeed.
To be clearer in the use of words that are accurate and clear according to the meaning and that have a similar meaning to the sentence, some of the words can be explained as follows:Leader : the person or persons who lead the Public RepresentativeRewsaiñpyrthei : representatives who lead the people to rule according to the law and to advocate for the people in the government – PoliticianNongsaiñpyrthei : political leaders who lead and serve the people for the benefit of society- Political LeaderMuktiar : legal experts to advocate for private individuals through the interpretation of the law – LawyerLawyers : experts law and prepare documents or petitions in the defense or defense of the cause of individuals or groups in court – AttorneyNongsaidaiñ : lawyers who know the law and file documents and petitions in the defense or defense SolicitorRiewsiadthma : experts who know the law and provide details according to the complaints of individuals or groups to advocate in the courts – BarristerNongsaidthma law and read carefully the rules of law according to the complaint of individuals or groups to appear before the courts.
“We are confident that we will win and I would like to congratulate the people,” said Mukul while talking to media after completing the voting to support the party candidate. Zenith M Sangma is also a former MLA from Rangsakona.
No matter how urgently they need it, they cannot wait for another day and there are times when they need it urgently, when they have to go to get medicine, buy medicine and other urgent needs. This has caused loss and suffering to the residents of these areas especially to the poor of these areas.
How can the state grow when our leaders have hatred, blame and blame each other?
Before you conclude, know that there are public places (even in the villages or in the villages) which even in the morning it is not good for the dignitaries or the righteous to walk, especially in the morning. for afternoon myniong.
These candidates will include MLAs and MDCs who won the last elections from other parties, retired officers, former MLAs/Ministers and others.
It was through Kishan and Swarjeet that Meghalaya helped Meghalaya to reach the target by scoring 78 runs for the loss of three wickets.
All these awards were divided into men and women separately.
For example, the war between Russia and Ukraine continues to this day less than two years later.
Furthermore, the HANM leader said that the lack of adequate garbage dump in Byrnihat area has led to the residents to set up a garbage dump in the area. The Byrnihat area is located near the road in Byrnihat.
Therefore, we must immediately create ways and means to get recognition by law, otherwise our customs and traditions will be lost.
To win the Christians of Meghalaya, they support or support the Christian candidates nominated by the NDA allies. East.
The provision of infrastructure such as roads, health centres, drinking water and electricity can boost the income of the state.
It is worth mentioning that in Amlarem, there has been a strong opposition from the people and village headmen against G.Das SDO (Civil). The IAS officer has forcibly registered foreigners to vote and has provided various benefits to foreigners in the area such as ration and others, by cutting off the share of the villagers. .
At the same time, the Seng wishes a Happy New Year to all the people of Hynniewtrep.
The race is part of the celebration of International Women's Day and is also part of the healthy body for women who will build the development of India.
On the other hand, Bah Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU has directed the farmers to submit their names to the HFU leaders in the area and then send the names of those who wish to cultivate this plant to the Central leaders. body, so that on their part they can talk to the government for the provision of seeds by talking to the government.
According to Congress leaders, the deadline for submission of nomination papers to the Block by 4th March was later extended to 31st March.
“The unique characteristic of our Soh Ñiamtra is that it has a clean and sweet taste and we can continue to harvest it until October every year,” said Kong Shadap.
The polling in Sohiong constituency which was scheduled to be held on 27th June this year has been postponed due to the death of UDP candidate Bah HDR Lyngdoh on 20th June.
Earlier, the KSU had strongly opposed the government's extension of the term of office of Bah Pariat and alleged that the government's decision was unfounded as it prevented other qualified officers from being promoted. .
More than 19 lakh of these people cannot enter Nagaland, Mizoram and Manipur because there is no ILP, but Meghalaya does not have a law to prevent them from entering the state.
Sengbhalang from Tura, including GSU, FKJGP, AYWO and ADE, today closed down the shop of a Dkhar, accusing him of stealing and cheating a friend. that they are working together in this work, who is a Garo.
Children under 10 years of age will be exempted.
“What does it mean that while there is unrest in Meghalaya, the government has cut off the internet and imposed a curfew,” he added.
At this meeting, it was agreed to request the two District Councils (Unted Khasi & Jaintia Hills and Mikir Hills) to jointly investigate the area (Labang-Nongphyllut-Pangam-Raliang and Nangtung-Khyrwang (Block I&). Block II) Jointly Survey the disputed areas to prepare and draw a sketch map so that it can be submitted to the Government for revision. of Boundary).
“Although he did not reveal the name of the MLA, he said that he is the MLA of Shillong North.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kharmar said that in the month of November there are many festivals, but this new festival is very special in terms of the culture and traditions of the Khasi people.
The Education Policy of the State does not say anything on this.
Shillong, November 05: The State Government has increased the salary of Anganwadi Workers by Rs 1500 tyngka.
Police from the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption of the Assam Police have arrested Lat Mandal from Hajo village, Kamrup district for allegedly involvement in he shall not take money from the people.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,066 and the death toll to 1,2
It was also mentioned that all the costs of the case shall be shared equally between the parties, except for Acts of God.
This happened during the reign of Adolf Hitler in 1939-1945 AD when up to 60 lakh Israelis were killed.
On the part of Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh, he said that he will work hard and monitor the works that will benefit the constituency and the state as well.
She also requested the relevant authorities to provide academic buildings, hostels for boys and girls, guest houses as well as qualified teachers for the benefit of those who come to study and be trained. They receive these trainings so that when they have completed their studies they can become entrepreneurs or entrepreneurs to benefit the community and themselves.
The rules are as follows –.
He said that the purpose of providing training for many job opportunities is to enable the farmers to choose a job that they are interested in.
According to the RBYF members from Umsning, they said that some members from Nongpoh, who informed them that the vehicle could not carry people inside the vehicle, so when the vehicle arrived. In Umran area, members of the RBYF tried to stop the vehicle and sent the driver to open the door of the vehicle, so that they could know whether the vehicle was carrying them. equipment or carries persons who intend to enter the state illegally.
““In relation to the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers, it is a very difficult and challenging task.
However, Nepalese wheat does not belong to the Germineae family, but to the family rhubarb, jarain and other plants which are very different from plants.
He doesn't eat kwai and whenever I give him kwai, he doesn't refuse, he talks thrup thrup and he is strong enough to eat shun.
This Constitution is the right of those who are not citizens.
At the same time, the party expressed its satisfaction to see the initiative of the state government (MDA) to welcome the return of Bah Che.
According to another report by the World Watch List, India is the 10th worst persecutor of Christians in the world and the third worst persecutor in Asia after North Korea and Pakistan. ranked 48th, it is estimated that in 2016, Christian leaders were shot and tortured about 10 times a day.
According to Bah Renik, the relief worth T.4/- lakh has been allocated to the family of (L) Hailsentinari Marweiñ, 25 years old. The earthquake occurred in the middle of July 16, 2022 at 12:30 pm.
The suspect was identified as Phering Lyngkhoi and has been charged under two sections of POCSO and IPC. The Court has issued this order since 7th November.
Or it may be that the forest officials are involved with the rnga traders, otherwise how can the rnga trucks be so slow.
According to sources, Barman is also a member of the armed group with close ties to the United Liberation Front of Asom-Independent (ULFA-I).
The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) on Thursday 31st June 2024, once again conducted a raid on drug users in Khyndailad area and in this raid the HYPH has arrested 10 drug users. including two women.
The awards were presented by Rgh T Mylliemngap President Seng Khasi Laitkor, Rgh DL Nongbri President Seng Khasi Mawlai, Rgh O Shanpru, Rgh PB Synrem Vice President and Asst Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie.
He said that this area is more complex because it includes the improvement of water supply, coal mines have to be improved and other environmental works.
The court, comprising Justice AK Patnaik and Justice MY Egbal, handed down the verdict on the complaint filed against Jha by the CID of the state. Shillong, Naitung 24: The theft of stone by Bangladeshis from the rivers along the Dawki River has been a regular occurrence. dozens of ships to quarry the stones and transport them to their own place and this theft of them usually happens at night when people are asleep.
Instead of receiving First Division, your children will only reach the mark of 2nd or 3rd Division.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to three old members of the church by giving them souvenirs as a token of appreciation and gratitude for their service to the church.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) through the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya will have to take care of the Lok Sabha MP elections to be held on 19th June in Meghalaya. Election campaigning is more intense especially among some political parties.
In addition, to immediately stop the distribution of electricity especially in the dismissal of its employees.
On the other hand, the Minister promised to take action on this demand of the HYC for the benefit of the farmers in the state.
He is confident that under the leadership of the Chief Minister of Assam and the Central Government, the two States will be able to reach the goal of resolving the border issue in the remaining six areas.
“They are thieves but the people of Assam love the people of Meghalaya and I believe that the people of Meghalaya love the people of Assam,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (UDA) through its Secretary has issued notices in the newspapers to implement the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws-2 The Town Country Planning Act 1973 states that all construction within the Shillong Master Plan Area requires permission from MUDA and it is written that this will come into force immediately.
The benefits should go to all the 60 constituencies and the residents regardless of party otherwise there will be inequality in the development of others.
For this reason, it has become known as one of the cleanest villages in India.
“What is more shocking about this area is that the Dorbar Shnongs have not been able to do anything because it is under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department and foreigners can enter and leave at will without any restrictions,” he said. statement from the Seng.
Union Home Minister Sadar Vallabhbhai Patel in a government notification said, “The Hindu organization is prohibited from instigating a group of violence and bloodshed working in our country and threatening the independence of the country and spreading propaganda. Indira Gandhi's good name, and Indira Gandhi's fair name. It banned the RSS during the Emergency (1975-1977) and finally after the destruction of the Babri Masjid in 1992 to avoid bloodshed in the country.
) But when you think carefully, you can catch it.
“At first, I was not clear what the UCC was and what its purpose was.
Speaking on Sounder S.Cajee, Dereck O.Brien said that he is a good person when he read the book written about Rowell Lyngdoh. Blei) and his family, are indeed great thinkers of society who have done many things for the development of the economy and the nation.
In North Garo Hills, 15 cases have been confirmed.
The ECI, as it has done in the previous elections, will also set up special Polling Stations for women, where the polling officers, security guards and volunteers will be women.
They use and steal this money.
Shillong: The second general meeting of the Workers' Power of Meghalaya (WPM) today was held successfully with 18 unions. all who came to participate.
It is too late because the question whether it is necessary to review the reservation policy has been answered and the government has approved it.
According to a letter sent to Conrad, the HSPDP has not authorized the two MLAs of the party, Bah Methodious Dkhar and Bah Shakliar Warjri to support the formation of the HSPDP. the Government as reported in the media.
Under Modi's leadership, the entire country worked together and achieved this goal on 2nd March 2019, 11 years before the SDG-6 goal set by the United Nations.
Zhu Yaming beat the national athlete with a distance of 16.97m.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Brigadier (Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) reviewed the progress of development works of all government departments of West Garo Hills District at Circuit House, Tura on 3rd July
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Manipur by 54 runs in the Women's Senior One-Day Trophy in Puducherry today.
After receiving the complaint, the police accepted it under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code and filed a case against Gond.
NESO also wants the various state governments to talk to the Indian government or to go to the Supreme Court so that the students will not be affected by the court's order for the examination. one country, for those who wish to study medicine or the National Eligibility Entrance Test (NEET).
The Modi government's gratitude to its entire population regarding the price hike of the vaccine or the price of the vaccine and the lack of responsibility for its own country in which the Modi government has exported first to other countries while in our country there is a lack of vaccine.
The fight against corruption is in the hands of every citizen and the freedom from corruption can improve the society and especially the community and the region as a whole.
Regarding the ejahar, which the Rangbah Shnong has lodged at Khanapara Police Station, he said that it was at 7 pm that these people had gone to rob the market. They went to get the doctor, other documents related to the transportation of cows, and also sent down the cows loaded in the trucks.
The World Youth Skills Day reminds us of the need to develop the skills of the youth so that they can create job opportunities.
In Doomdooma, an indoor stadium will be constructed at Doomdooma College at a cost of T.12 crore and another stadium at Doomdooma and a flyover at Doomdooma.
However, the KHADC did not follow this procedure when it issued an extraordinary notice in the Meghalaya Gazette on 25th August, 2015, the government said.
Two candidates for the UDP ticket include former Nongshken MLA Khan K Dkhar and Nehru Suting, Director of Factories.
Furthermore, the Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong has already installed the numbers in various shops.
The Asian Development Bank's Human Capital Development scheme has been allocated for the improvement of classrooms and the training of teachers.
On the other hand, Bah Thomas Passah, Leader of KHNAM Youth Wing, said that the party is helping to resolve the issues of these workers according to the provisions of the Labor Law. the state government itself has published the price to be paid to the labourers.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has expressed its deep sorrow over the plight of our fellow citizens in relation to the 2nd Amendment. Bill who shake hands with each other on social media with rude and insulting words.
Applications should be submitted by 15th October 2016 at Oakland, Shillong.
“Even in the midst of reports showing that the cleanliness of the air has improved, we have not taken stingy on this issue,” said Conrad in reply to a call to attention in the Legislative Assembly, which was brought by the MLA of Jirang. Sosthenes Sohtun to set up MSPCB office in Byrnihat.
“You will be surprised in these days after the arrival of these MLAs along with the eight MLAs, that is why we say that we are now ready in Lum Khasi-Jaintia and Lum Garo as well,” said Dr. Kharlukhi said that the prime minister will decide whether to win the MLAs, Khasi or Garo.
At the same time, he said that the Leshka Project has to be shut down first, because there is no water and the Umiam Dam is also very short of water and the electricity generation is low. decreased water availability.
In the second half, Mawkhar had the first chance to score but Justerwell Tham's shot went wide of Ryntih's corner.
He said that out of 17,000 people tested positive for COVID-19 at the entry and exit points, 400 people tested positive and out of 68,000 people tested, 1,500 people tested positive.
Police also seized 286.93 grams of heroin, 20 grams of Nitrazapam, 330 empty plastic containers used to pack drugs, 10 injection needles, 3 tins of tobacco. Empty gold, 6 mobile phones, one Scooty, 2 local taxis and cash worth Rs 1,49,280 lakh.
Bah Paul said that Meghalaya will grow and develop through the strength of its people and resources to be used properly.
If the people give us the power if necessary to show power and the Government of India we are willing to do so when we demand jobs and I would also like to say that not only our flesh and blood who live in these Khasi Hills “And in India they will be happy but even those living in Bangladesh because as the government we will visit them to encourage them that as a nation we will show that we are united with them,” he said.
“For many years, this CHC has not had an ambulance but even so, the doctors and nurses have been providing services to the people,” said James K Sangma. work with the government to help the people.
Meanwhile, the lawyer of the Assam government said that the MoU is not to resolve the boundary, but to resolve the disputed areas. share.
Gloria Thangkhiew of Lummawbah won the fourth place.
Tura: Another meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Cabinet will be held in Jowai, said Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya. , which was held at Circuit House, Tura.
Many times the village leaders have visited the MeECL office, but until now the MeECL employees have not come to repair the transformer, said Pohthmi at a public meeting convened by the FJKGP. War Jaintia Circle together with FKJGP West Jaintia Hills.
“We will conduct raids at an unexpected time and if anyone is found involved in illegal activities they will be punished and expelled,” he said.
“When the government has taken the initiative to fight to resolve these long standing issues, the MLAs from other parties want to support us and this brings good news. “To show the cooperation of the leaders for the people of the state,” he said.
To fight against such tragic incidents, he said, there should be a comprehensive law immediately, which can prevent such tragic incidents, which happen more and more from time to time. in the land of the Hynniewtrep.
Prof. MB Jyrwa, who gave the keynote address, praised the work of All India Radio, Shillong for organizing such a forum to discuss this issue which is necessary to preserve the language.
Criticizing the MDA government for its inability to govern properly, he said, “The border markets have been closed which were given to the people during my tenure, which I myself have opened up to two.
About 145 students including the Principal of the college, Dr. Eureka FP Lyngdoh.
The citizens expect a Government that rules in a clean and fair manner.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said the UDP hopes that the 2018 MLA elections will be like in 1997 when it was the party with the highest number of MLAs in the country. “The UDP is strong in Jaintia Hills this time, and we hope that the 2018 elections will be like in 1997 when we will get all the sponges. ", said Dr Mawthoh.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi won the Lok Sabha elections from Varanasi constituency in 2014 and this time, it is said that Modi will contest again from the same constituency; While Vadodara, which is another tournament, which he won in 2014, is still under discussion whether he will contest again or not this time.
Speaking to reporters after filing his nomination papers, Conrad said the wind has blown strongly against the NPP and the Opposition has increased day by day.
Saturday is the ninth day, not the seventh – Sunday is the first day of the week.
Badonkupar Kharsohnoh of Pingwait won the best goalkeeper award, Neville Majaw of Umsohkhlur won the best goalkeeper award and the best goalkeeper award went to Neville Majaw of Umsohkhlur. Kolestarwell Lyngdoh of Umsohkhlur won the best team and Mawlyndop won the best discipline team.
He said that the relevant department should not wait until tragic incidents happen but like the transformer it needs to be repaired to avoid the danger to the people and if the relevant department does not take action, the union will take action. I'll take another step.
Shillong, Nailar, 09: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday approved the amendments to the Meghalaya Judicial Service Rules, 2006 and the Meghalaya Higher Judicial Service Rules, pass the Khasi and Garo languages ​​and they will also be used as compulsory papers.
However, at the same time, the job also requires that the village leaders should be wise and farsighted to manage the village in such a way that it will not affect the future of the future generations.
The Beat Officer of the Forest Department at Dawki, Bah W Wet, said that before releasing any trucks smuggling goods to Bangladesh, they have completed the requirement that they should carry only 9 tonnes. They have confirmed that they will issue a challan to travel to Bangladesh.
“We have requested the Deputy Commissioner to allow the shops to open until 12 pm, because to close at 10 pm we lose money”.
According to the 2011 census, Christians make up 75.59%, Hindus 11.54%, Muslims 4.40%, Sikhs 0.10%, Buddhists 0.33%, Jains 0.02%, and others 8.71%.
“While the Police were trying to evict the protesters as per the orders of the Heads of Police, two of our employees raised obscenities at that time and the incident was strongly condemned by the company" she said.
Indeed, the removal of some chapters has affected the students and teachers alike at such a critical time, but the removal process has discouraged and confused the minds of the teachers.
In this regard, the Minister urged those people who are returning from different parts of the country to wear masks for at least 7 days if they feel that they have the disease. They are not infected with this disease.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bhanusib Rynga, Asstn.
The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat on Thursday issued an order to declare the Dhar Company Area as a Containment Area.
There are more than 530 employees in the KHADC, and it is learned that the monthly expenditure on salaries alone is about T.2 crore. It costs T.24 crore, that's just the salary.
However, they still hope to join India, who will face Lebanon in the semi final of the SAFF Championship in Bengaluru on Saturday.
Teachers from Laban Zone, Nongthymmai and Laitumkhrah will sit at Malki Square, South West Khasi Hills. Ri-Bhoi will sit in front of the SDSEO Nongpoh office, Mawlai will sit in front of the gate of Sacred Hearts' Girls' High School, Smit Zone will sit at Smit Football Ground, Jaiaw at Student Square.
Regarding the NC brought by Bah Shylla, Dr. Jemino said that it is not wrong because in the dorbar, Bah Shylla was criticized for his personal affairs. explain to protect yourself,” said Dr. Jemino.
By stating this, it does not mean that all election candidates can donate money or that all supporters or voters vote only if they get money, but it is a general statement that money is very important in the election time for many things.
The Bordeaux mixture is also applied to the branches.
Ms Warjri also informed the DC and SP of West Jaintia Hill District to prepare the necessary measures to provide immediate protection to these Khasi Pnar refugees who live on the border with Assam.
The funeral service will be held on 14/06/2022 at 1:00 pm at the Rymbai Presbyterian Church.
CSWO President Agness Kharshiing, who was also charged in the case, said she would not accept the government's decision to drop the charges against her but would proceed according to the law.
On the other hand, the State Government has announced that the State Government will continue to evacuate people who will return to the State until 15th November 2020 from Guwahati.
AIS How can we be called “sons of God?” The Apostle Paul says – “For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, these are sons of God”.
He said that by the end of the registration of new voters, the Election Department of the State has reported that out of all the newly registered voters, 28,149 are youth. The total number of voters has reached 1553028 out of which 783270 are female and 769758 are male.
Unidentified robbers have detonated a petrol bomb at Karbi Bhavan near Pine Mount School, Shillong on 11th June.
Shillong: The three Autonomous District Councils (KHADC, JHADC and GHADC) on Monday expressed their opposition to the introduction of the word unrepresent tribe. They cannot be representatives of the Village Council in relation to the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
Before taking the seat, the President announced that the Aiom Lehkmen today was opened with a holy blessing among all the organizers and participants as well.
For the football games, they gave their blessings from the Longkmie and longkpa of the village as well as the church that when they play they will fight in the spirit of love and more specifically that it is the They will fight in the spirit of unity because unity will bring victory in all aspects.
Sonal Kelogg, who did not name the journalist, said that this happened during the UPA-1 government and she used to experience this incident when she had to leave. asked the minister.
The Accord was signed under the Ministry of Social Welfare as part of the recently launched Drug Rehabilitation, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) and Bringing Unity in Local Against Drugs (BUILD), to bring about The meeting was attended by the Village Authorities, Religious Leaders and the Government in the fight against drugs.
The Chairman of AIM, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, said that the meeting of the group with the Principal of the college was on the issue of the students of the college. Your Aadhaar Card.
In a statement sent by S Sari, Publicity Secretary of the Sengkhihlang, the Seiñkhihlang strongly condemned the robbery of these people. he smgew for people.
“We have been able to resolve the misunderstanding between the KHADC and the Mawphlang Hima to improve the Heritage Village in Mawphlang and they have already handed over the work to the Engineering Wings of the KHADC to implement this,” he said. said.
Therefore, the union urges other young women to be vigilant in their behaviour, to avoid alcoholic beverages and also to avoid going out for pleasure.
Shillong: The residents of Madanriting village today held a curfew to express their sorrow over the killing of Samla Macmillan Kharshandi by the residents of Lad Mawlang village. on the night of October 8, 2020, while he was having fun with eight friends.
The source said that at this high level there are only those people who can relate or be close to government ministers.
The GNLA also criticized the police for tracking down Sohan and at the same time asked why they have not been able to track down Nurul Islam till date.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has convened a meeting with the wholesalers and retailers of Jowai to take stock of the availability of beverages in Jowai.
He also wished the party to continue to grow.
Maryvale authorities on Monday said they have arrested a student after an AR-15 rifle was found with bullets in his pocket that day. .
Therefore, he urged the Kur Lyngkhoi residents, the youth that when they receive such assistance they should not do anything but should use them properly so that they can be of assistance not only in this country. the present generation but also in the future generation.
Bah Lamare, in the presence of his supporters, expressed his confidence to win from Nongkrem.
Speaking to reporters, Ardent said that from 124 sq.km, the MUDA boundary has been reduced to 50 sq.km.
U Bah Paul said that the government will look into the demand for the establishment of Khasi film screens so that it can help the filmmakers and actors.
He said that according to the government's statement, the collection of revenue from the Value Added Tax (VAT) is to be used for the development of the state. The government has affected the poor and the rich why do they have to look after the tax only from Umphniang?
He said that these robbers were also involved in the robbery of offices and schools in Nongstoin including the office of Nongstoin C&RD Block, Agriculture, Horticulture and Anderson School. HS School, Ri Lyngngam Secondary School, JJM Sec School, New Nongstoin LP School and Church of God New Nongstoin School.
Chad Sukra is the greeting to the harvest season before sowing the seeds of phiang and filling the thiar.
The General Secretary of Hingaria Village, Garnes Talang, said that the village has no objection to the signboard, but it is regrettable that the authorities do not believe in paying the compensation to the affected land owners. this is the shiah sign.
His body was to be buried in the ground of the city prepared for those who had been circumcised.
Others who attended the meeting were Chief Secretary KS Kropha, IAS, PS Thangkhiew, IAS, Principal Secretary MS Rao, IAS, NEC Secretary Ram Muivah, and Director Department. of Posts, Shillong , Wednesday.
“Although I still have to fulfill my 2/3 role, for personal reasons, I have decided to resign as Managing Director and CEO of the Bank,” he said. said Krishna in his resignation letter.
By Collin Wanñiang When people say “Oh I don't remember anything...I forgot everything” it doesn't mean that they remember some things and forget some things.
I have won five times in the past as MLA and MDC, where there has been no such preparation,” said the former leader.
Woh Kiri Dhar was born in 1823 in Shangpung and was shot dead at the Loommukut Shangpung Battlefield while fighting against the British Government on 5th June
There are many varieties and colors of sohmynken, but among these sohmynken im (red) is the brightest compared to others.
The union also strongly condemns the government for not providing assistance to the farmers during the cyclone.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Advisor of the Ministry of Education has called on the people to boycott the dewbilat and other products of the MCL. The MDA government has taken many measures for the welfare of SSA teachers and will soon release a grant of T.52 crore to pay the salaries of SSA teachers. Speaking to media after the opening of the Conference cum Felicitation Program of SSA teachers, Shangpliang said, “The preparation of salaries for SSA teachers has progressed.
“The work of Khadar rule is sacred, it is not a drama competition, to show who is a hero, who is a heroine,” said Bah Paul.
The union strongly condemns this rude behavior by this foreigner, who has not thought about the suffering of the people.
The district authorities have also provided vehicles to transport the workers to their villages from West and South West Garo Hills as well as to Mankachar and Goalpara area in Assam.
Wahkhen village, about 50 km from Shillong, is one of the villages in the Ri War area which is still strong in its traditional culture. The inhabitants of the village are still believers in the Khasi religion.
But Peskov said such decisions were not from Ukraine, but were intended and supported by the United States.
Who will be able to remove this evil smeh and who will be the source of trouble at such a time?
On these incidents, the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, has strongly condemned and directed the police to investigate and arrest these gangs in the Jaiaw area.
Others who attended the meeting were HD Sinnur, S.Kharpran, Functional Manager, DCIC, Jowai and employees of Commerce and Industries Shillong and Jowai.
There are many spirits that have been thrown along the road.
The order from the DC's office also states that only shops registered with the Meghalaya government can open their shops in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities of each village for consideration. It is better to collect bun paid near the shops.
Mayrald Born said that the release of this rumor and especially the video clip, which showed all the faces of the Congress MLAs, has led to misunderstanding among the people and supporters of the Congress MLAs. Congress, in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi and in the state as a whole.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Donald Thabah said that the KSU has been opposed to the proposal to mine uranium for many years and will continue to oppose in the future. If UCIL or the Government intends to forcefully remove the union, the union will not hesitate even if it has to shed blood.
“This victory is a difficult road for us to fight without spending money, this is the purpose of the VPP. God, this is the desire of the people to bring about change,” said Bah Ardent.
The Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar has strongly opposed the Election Law Amendment
The DCs have been instructed to arrange the dates for the visit to these border villages in consultation with the DCs of the districts of Assam.
The final match of the tournament will be held on Friday (27th).
He said that the smell of iong skin is good, because in the feet they carry small germs that cannot be seen with the naked eye and when eating food that has smelled the germs. they enter the human body and forty kinds of diseases appear.
The policy also aims to provide clean water to the residents of the state including urban and rural areas.
On the same day, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, also inaugurated the stadium which has been renovated in the past few years at a cost of T.396.11 lakhs.
“We have elected office bearers from the elderly, women, youth and we will strengthen our team from now on.
Each house has three rooms, including a toilet.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Adelbert said that from the days when the elections were not too close until the day when he campaigned for the last elections, he made it clear that he would never thank them for their support. But his vote from this constituency shows that there are still those who see the principle he stands for the benefit of all.
Even the date of his death and the place of his burial were not known by anyone or even the church authorities, until it was found by Historian Dr. David Syiemlieh.
Swarjeet scored 2/38 from 8 overs and Md Nafees 2/52 from
Furthermore, the destruction of the houses, the doors and others were destroyed and moreover, it was a house belonging to the same department nearby. The houses have been destroyed and the lack of attention of the authorities to repair these houses, perhaps it will become a reason for the workers in the The department has refused to come to work and has caused a huge loss to the people of the area.
The monument is the tallest evidence that India claims that the Buddha was an Indian.
All the speakers on this occasion recalled the great deeds of Rev JJM Nichols Roy and the contribution he made for the protection of the indigenous people.
Because the 1000 years will be the time of the reign of Jesus Christ right here on earth with those redeemed who are alive and resurrected in the First Resurrection.
At this meeting, the BJP through its President Earnest Mawrie handed over a letter that the BJP will support the NPP to lead the government.
“The rulers of Meghalaya, since they got the hill state, have criticized the border between Assam and Meghalaya,” he said. “In our area in Killing, it is not far from Khanapara and Assam comes first through the Assam State Electricity Board and creates the electricity posts in Meghalaya, but Meghalaya has not done anything”.
Poverty prevents people from choosing people who truly have the talent, knowledge and spirit to serve others.
That the Mizoram Legislative Assembly should not have less than 40 MLAs.
He said that any marketplace that affects the peace and order, agriculture of the people, the District Council will take action so that the people can escape from suffering.
Shillong, November 22: The Rangbah Shnongs of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) have been shocked and confused now as they do not know exactly when they will receive the Village Administration Bill (VAB). they have campaigned in recent months to demand its legalization.
One of the patients, Kong Silvana Lyngdoh, was injured, police said.
It is to be recalled that the Minister's office in Nagpur has received such a message twice before this year.
Furthermore, in connection with this incident, many questions have been raised as to how the coal truck was able to pass safely without being caught at the check gates of the Ri Lum Jaintia Police. Mookhep and Tuber villages in East Jaintia Hills District and also in Phramer villages in West Jaintia Hills District.
After the letter was spread on social media, the people have strongly criticized, which reminded them of the times when they were beaten by the police during the public hearings, especially those employees of the topcem who have spoken in words without respect for the benefits.
He also congratulated the sports associations, coaches and assistants who have worked hard to help improve the skills of the athletes in the national tournaments like the Khelo India Youth Games.
You and I are not book smart but we will be smart with brain power.
In another development, CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat said that the Governor has approved to accept the list of new EMs of the council.
Police have arrested three others who were present at the incident, George Kerry Manner, brother of the suspects, Tam Manner, brother of the suspects. and to their friend whose name was Khamti Myrlia.
Shyam Singh, husband of Naina Devi, who lives in Lakhanpur in Runkata village of Agra, said he took his wife to the PHC at 7 pm. Sarita Singh demanded money from him to admit her husband to the Centre.
Rikman also announced the names of the BJP Meghalaya office bearers approved by the party from Delhi including six vice presidents, two general secretaries, six secretaries, a treasurer and others.
Speaking at the meetings of the Seng in the past few days to clarify the working principles and objectives of the Seng and also the recruitment of members, Bah Ardent said that there have been some who have The VPP's protest against the Reservation Policy is a threat to the nation and this protest has not reached anywhere.
Sangma said the activities of the illegal immigrants are rampant in the four districts of Garo Hills and in some parts of West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills districts.
Khainme Khlem scored a hat-trick on the opening day of the 3rd Division.
“Why does ACHIK demand its own capital in Tura? It should also demand better allocation for Garo Hills and Khasi Jaintia Hills,” he said. Hills shall be allocated for Garo Hills and the revenue from Khasi Jaintia Hills shall be spent directly in Khasi Jaintia Hills and the allocation of funds from the Central Government shall be distributed according to the size of the land and population.
The Committee shall be renewed once every three years.
When Riia realized that she had to go to Deisy's house, she became more active.
The Superintendent of Police, WJHD, Bikram Marak, said that 264 policemen have died in the line of duty across India since 31st November until April 1, 2022.
How could those police fail to notice the carrying of air tires by those people? If they had brought bombs and other weapons, what would have happened in Parliament? If there is no peace in Parliament, how can we think in the most remote areas of this country? We can say that fortunately there was no bloodshed on November 13, 2023 and not like on November 10, 2001.
Implement the ILP as recommended by the committee"
The Rangbah Shnong of Pahamrioh, K. Suting, said that the child will go to Jaipur (Rajasthan) to study with the support of the ICCW which has promised to send her to school until she graduates.
The Executive Committee shall also include the District Development Planning Council, the CEM as Chairman, Deputy CEM, EM I/C Finance, Civil Works Department, Planning and other members elected by the EC. The audit shall be conducted once a year. The Development Council shall also appoint a Public Information Officer (PIO) for the scheme under the RTI Act. The District Council is the Appellate Authority where the PIO will issue a copy if anyone requests RTI. After considering the Bill, the Dorbar today decided to accept it, but if there are any parts that are not The EC will take the necessary action before sending it to the Governor for approval.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah George Dkhar, Chairman of the school, said that the school has started with many challenges, whether it is in terms of money and He also thanked many of the elders from the RBYF who have donated to the school to turn it into a training center as it is and stands today.
They have just convicted an 8-year-old child.
Assam and Bangladesh have been defeated.
However, these remarks are a blessing to the party, as his joining the NPP is not his own.
He said that if the Government still has to arrange for all those who have syrnot and the Sordar who has received syrnot from JHADC, it means that they don't have the authority.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah LT Tariang, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of Bah D. Syngkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District and others.
“I want to tell Amit Shah that Meghalaya is corrupt.
On the same day, Assam police raided Malang Salbari at the place where the residents were starting to build a kitchen which is also the storage area of ​​the school. Assam police have arrested him.
Thus until the birth of Jesus Christ there were 14 generations.
Nongpoh: A few hours after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, addressing the public at Byrnihat Square, he expressed the desire of the people to upgrade the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to Civil Sub-Division. The Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division Demanding Committee, together with the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division Demanding Committee, have expressed their special thanks to the State Government and especially to the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division Demanding Committee. Conrad K.United.
The starch, which is obtained from the wheat by grinding it, then washing it, and drying it, is called farina.
“I don't think that this resignation of the MLAs from the party will affect the party because we have seen such a situation in the past, as it is now the voters don't I don't vote for a person but I vote for a party.
We want to send a message to the farmers that we strongly support their struggle”.
The ADF is one of the militant groups linked to ISIS. According to government sources, the school that was attacked in the The day was located in a border area with Congo and most of the students were between 13 and 18 years old.
Dr Werlok said another issue they have conveyed to the Principal Secretary is to request the Central Government to expedite the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled which has started since
The loss of livestock has reached about 1.80 lakh tyngka.
He said that if the political parties take this issue seriously, they should send their suggestions immediately because it is useless to talk here and there or to talk from side to side because when the government asks for your opinion. no one is willing to send.
Spending time with family members or others watching such programs is very beneficial not only in relationships with loved ones but also brings happiness to the community.
She urged the farmers not to misuse this money but to produce more products which can increase their income and at the same time she encouraged them to find ways and means to to provide land for the establishment of companies that can bring about change in the community.
“We are also confident of the readiness to invite various sports events in the state”.
Organizers expected the program to be a success, with professional rider and community participation.
Shillong: U Bah AL Hek, MLA from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, today slammed the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for not taking action to maintain peace and order in the state.
It depends on the wisdom of the fish farmers and sellers how they arrange for them to be sufficient.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Chief of Air Staff, Air Chief Marshall NAK Browne said that the North East region is a very important area for the IAF and the air defense is preparing to improve and maintain national defense systems.
Banker Kharkongor won the second prize, CTE, PGT Shillong won the second prize and Banteilang S. Nongdhar won the third prize.
We understand that even to improve the road, many residents do not want to give land because perhaps the fee paid by the government is not enough.
Regarding these two issues, the WJSU has lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer of MePDCL, Jowai and PWD (R), Jowai South Division, Jowai led by Publicity Secretary Eversest Langstang along with several office bearers.
This is the time to escape the bloodshed.
According to the Minister, the smart will provide accurate calculation of the electricity bill and the calculation and payment time will be announced on mobile phones.
The father reportedly fled the scene immediately after the murder.
“There was a man, with about half a dozen sheep, who locked the gate of the Raj Bhavan and shot himself in front of many journalists, while the police were watching,” he said. And Dhankhar.
Tomar told reporters that the garbage toilets cause problems to everyone, especially women.
Receptive : means open-open-open-open is open-minded and right-handed to receive the public.
After the Rangbah Shnong won, he had to convene the Dorbar Shnong to appoint a full EC, but when he convened the Dorbar Shnong, there were the villagers under the leadership of Marshall Biam. They did not allow the appointment of EC members because they demanded that the Rangbah Shnong should first submit a report on the expenditure and income.
Last year, the price of kubi from the farmers in the hills was T.10 or T.15 per kilo.
Further investigation revealed that they had illegally entered parts of the country and were living in temporary shelters near Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh.
Has the devil been with the woman for hundreds of thousands of years?? Do women dare to say that the devil has protected them while they are still alive or in this world to this day? Only here in this small district of ours, it is the Rang-KSU who have sacrificed their lives, and first of all for the Khasi women.
However, at the same time, he said that Meghalaya has 12 border areas with Assam.
Masood was reportedly in talks with militant leaders about his intention to join the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS).
on this day.
The committee will complete its work within two months.
Shillong: Lber 28: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Tuesday held a meeting at Congress Bhavan Shillong to protest against the nomination of Rahul Gandhi as a Member of the Lok House. Assembly.
The Union in its first session honored the leaders and former members in the presence of the Chief Managing Director of Meghalaya. Sanjay Goyal, Director Corporate Affairs Dipsambor Hynniewta, President I. Kharkongor, General Secretary RR Marbaniang, leaders of the All India Trade Union Congress and others. others.
The Chief Guest, Mr. S.Manners, congratulated the Sports Committee of Loompyrdi Iongpiah for conducting this tournament every year for 20 years. The ability of any group to conduct sports activities will help the youth to avoid illegal activities especially the addiction to drugs which is very common in West Jaintia District.
Therefore, it is up to us to see and experience all these things that are happening in our society today.
They will be difficult times, “This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled” (Matthew 24:34).
On this occasion, Rupang spoke to Father Richard M Majaw, Vicar General (VG) of the Shillong Archdiocese.
There are 8 cases in South Garo Hills, 14 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 12 cases in High Risk Contact and 73 cases in West Garo Hills.
During the rally, members and supporters of the party greeted and cheered along the road with the slogans Vande Mataram, Bharat Mata Ki Jai and Ha Ri Lajong. Shillong, Nailar 10: Leaders of the AKHAF HQ, Shillong on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. request that the government should look after the needs of the Garo people living in Khasi Hills.
In respect of the requests of the Legislative Assembly and after consultation with the political parties and candidates when releasing the Dulir-juban-tyrwa Election for any election to the Legislative Assembly or the State Legislative Assembly, shall comply with the following guidelines: (i) The Dulir-juban-tyrwa shall not include anything that is contrary to the ideals and principles established ( enshrine) in the Constitution and furthermore that it should be in line with the original purpose of the Constitution.
The list of Chairman, Co-Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Vice Chairman, Director and Adviser shows that there are more than 175 members.
Lucika S. Sangma, Vice Principal, St. Xavier's, Umoid, who gave the welcome speech and Ibadalin Wanniang, BA 2nd Semester who gave the welcome speech.
Mulang Ialong took the lead in the first half within 5 minutes of the match through a goal from Samith Pale.
“We are still in doubt about the incident,” said SP East Khasi Hills Bah M Kharkrang.
According to the National Family Health Survey (NFHS-4) conducted in 2015-2016, 63.8 percent of children aged 6-59 months suffer from anemia, while 45 percent non-pregnant women aged 15-49 years are similarly infected.
One of the laws that has remained suspended without any amendment over time is the Employment Act as the share for the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo has been very unfair. .
Declining to comment further on the matter, Bah Mawrie said he has already sent the report and it is now up to the party authorities to take the necessary action.
To combat the spread of the COVID-19 (Coronavirus), the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has imposed a provision under Section 144 Cr.
“It is a disgrace to the name of the Prime Minister of the country to work from home,” said Dr Don.
It was informed that the BAMJH under the leadership of the President will continue to conduct the same training program for the children in various schools in Jowai.
“We have decided to pass a Joint Resolution involving all the three ADCs and also on the part of these ADCs in the state to approve besides this another resolution which they will approve separately,” he said. said the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne.
The Arunachal Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ACCI) and other groups have strongly opposed the order. immediately revoke the order, which orders the removal of the menu of beef in various shops.
The workers were also forced to borrow money from the employers at high interest rates just to put food on the table or to get medicine for their relatives.
Shillong, Naitung 31: U Bah Sanbor Shullai-MLA together with members of the MCIC 19th South Shillong Constituency, today distributed relief goods to those families who have suffered from the natural disasters. rainfall in the villages within the border of the 19th South Shillong Constituency.
Of these 251, 181 were 18 years old (84 males and 97 females), 53 were between 14 to 18 years old (24 males and 29 females) and 17 were between to 13 years of age (10 males and 7 females).
Nongpoh, March 27: The Weavers Service Center, Guwahati, funded by the Ministry of Textiles, Government of India today inaugurated its market with the aim of promoting the textile industry and marketing it to the world. The District Handloom Expo “Tana-Bana” was held at NSCA Pahamsyiem Ground.
“The mistake is not a mistake, but it is a human mistake and it needs to be corrected,” he said.
How to do when they find money on the road at night instead of trying to arrest David Scott! I agree with this articles.
Two goals were scored by Roplin Ramut in the 5th & 65th minutes and one error by Sooki Lamare of Dongmihsngi in the 76th minute.
Therefore, all arrangements must be made according to the Constitution, not according to the views of political parties or individuals.
The BJP will file a privilege motion against Rahul Gandhi, Indian Minister Ananth Kumar today said. The government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Lok Sabha today.
He said that those who break the Ganga River will be fined T.50,0
He said that previous governments have also tried to focus on this issue to ensure that development works will not stop.
The Government should be empowered to cooperate.
Kynsaibor Dkhar 34' and Dawanbiang Passah 55' scored the second goal for Nangbah Iawmusiang.
Even in the midst of these trials, we still hope to see brighter days.
About 27 people were rescued out of which 7 died in the tragic incident.
I feel this is a very important question.
A statement from a relative of HYC Shella Area Unit, Silbanus Kharpuri and a statement from the President of HYC Shella Area Unit, Bah Macdonald Mawa, said that on the 10th of this month, the robbery happened. The next day, the man and several others went to pick up Kenny from his house at 8 pm.
Ardent, in the presence of Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary and MP candidate of the party, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, MLA Mawlai and other party leaders, explained to the people the principles of the party. The Seng said that the state now needs a change and the change is towards clean governance which will free the state from corruption and poverty.
Jha, through his lawyer, had applied for bail from the Kashari High Court but it refused and he appealed to the Supreme Court. police and should be granted bail.
The Union has sent a letter on 29th March 2021 to the SDO and the SDO Civil Amlarem has promised to take action on this issue, said a statement from Daniel Khongsit. President and Secretary.
The first is in relation to the dismissal of the 5 office bearers and advisers of the Association. The General Executive Meeting of the Association was held on the 8th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong.
“Besides, the Minister said that the inability of the department to obtain permission from the Hima Mawphlang to build a pumping station near the Umïew River has been the reason for the delay in completion of the GSWSS. – 3.
The seizure of drugs, alcohol, gold, gratuitous goods and cash plays a major role in the electoral process.
Corruption through this scheme has decreased significantly since the salaries have been sent directly to the bank accounts of the jobcard workers and the salaries have been sent directly to the vec te. the brave shall earn a living, even from the names of the righteous.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) today announced that the cow market at Khanapara in Mylliem Hima will remain open from on the 7th of this month.
“However, I will soon speak to the Home Secretary on this issue,” he added.
This helps to kill the niut ki nier in the field.
After paying, they went to a dairy in Motphran.
EJH managed to reach 100 runs to get the opposition to bat again and scored 81 runs to beat all the batsmen.
Shillong, November 7: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has directed the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to take immediate measures to recover the unspent funds. Chennai Abattoir and Rishan Rapsang Construction have been awarded T.1.81 crore for the construction of a slaughterhouse in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills. The Secretary of the Assembly, Kong H Mylliemgap, said in a letter to the Director of Agriculture, Dr J Jyrwa on 5th November.
He said that the ARPA has the constitutional right to continue in power because it is in the middle of a majority.
Mawlieh said they ended the protest by holding flags as a sign to demand the appointment of a full time Chairman cum Managing Director by a Senior IAS and Director Finance by a Senior IAS to strengthen the working capacity of MeECL. MeECL has a lot of employees who don't exceed 3,000 employees.
Shillong: Severe cold weather has hit various villages in the North East this morning.
At present, we cannot be sure whether the government will be able to clean up the streets from the snowstorm, but we see that the government is looking for It is necessary to ensure that the indigenous people of the state receive special attention from the government to get the markets in accordance with the shape and price. for them.
They should study and train in this field with the assistance of the Government and other agencies how to enter the tourism industry as a source of employment and a life that will bring about a future that will improve and develop. .
However, Civility Khongmalai (41') managed to convert from a free-kick to make it 2-2 in the first half.
He added that the Arunachal Government has received a lot of money but the money has not arrived.
“Because of the incident in Manipur, three ethnic groups – Gangte, Vaiphei and Zo under the umbrella of Kuki, came to live in Shillong and at that time, they were accommodated in the church with their groups. .
The Sohra Chief Minister expressed his surprise at the lack of attention of the Sub Division Sohra, which has been done at the BDO's office, while now at the Sub Division.
Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in his speech expressed his satisfaction that in the past five years from 2018 to 2023, 7-Amlarem has received 35 school buildings including new and extension ones.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
In Group-B on Thursday, Mawlai SC will play against Kharang SC at 2:30 pm and Ïasnohktilang FC will play against Lumparing SC at 4:15 pm.
The selection of these players was also based on their performance in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament, Vijay Hazare Trophy one day tournament and first-class Ranji Trophy.
“Thanks go to the people across the Bri u Hynniewtrep: women, men, youth and children as well as those who left their jobs and spent their daily wages and vehicles to support this struggle.
We have been drinking only water until now,” said Laben.
This was announced by Robert June Kharjahrin after he filed his nomination papers as the candidate for the Lok Sabha MP election before the Returning Officer, East Khasi Hills District.
“The people have supported the government to fight against COVID-19, but the party led by the NPP government wants to spread the virus through truck drivers and passengers by allowing them to carry coal from Assam which is known as the Red Zone Area to East Jaintia Hills,” said the former leaders.
Therefore, the buyers who wish to take these kuratia should also ensure that they have adequate space to keep and keep these animals in a place that will not affect the residents. .
The pharmacy building will be constructed at a cost of T.15.33 crore for the G+3 building of 1833 SqM. The cost is T.12.72 crore.
According to the elders of Tynring, after the removal of the Sordar, Bah CA Lyngdoh from the government post, the Syiem has handed over to the Minister, Bah Medister Warbah to temporarily look after and convene the meeting. The dorbar of the Shnat Raid Tynring has been scheduled to be held today 10th November
Thus broke out the Synteng War against the British Government in 1860, but the British Government was able to end this war in 1862 when Kiang Nangbah was arrested and hanged in front of the people. Ïawmusiang.
He also scored 83% (29/35) in the first half and used a different tied style in which he was able to quickly create a 3-1 win in chess. in the second set after winning the first set to finish the match before the rain.
Police have conducted a search operation for Kheda Singh and searched several vehicles on the National Highway 102. Police said that the soldier was on leave when the robbers. , they were able to kidnap him from his house.
Happy New Year – Don't Kiew Minute-Ador.
However, Mark said that their various apps will continue to have the same names like facebook, whatsapp and instagram and others.
The High Court in its judgment on 8th June, has ordered the state government to take measures to prevent the pollution of the Umshing River by the construction of the shohdoh. .
The school authorities on that day, congratulated and praised the students who informed about the incident as they said that the happiness of the students and members of the school depends on to the school authorities and it is also fortunate that some of them have informed and that they have been able to control any incident that could have happened.
The employees of Ganesh Das Hospital Lawmalli are also not willing to stand up to demand their rights from this government.
A 34-year-old cow truck driver was shot dead by the Border Security Forces (BSF) on the night of 5th June on the Pynursla-Dawki road near Mawshun village in Pynursla.
Speaking on the occasion, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that during the celebration of Mahatma Gandhi's birthday, MLAs, members of the State Executive Committee will walk around the villages of Mahatma Gandhi. state to explain in detail about the schemes launched by the central government.
The union has also received information and collected the account numbers of private individuals and the money that has been deposited into these private accounts along with the dates of deposit, which happened from 2013 to
There are fears that the amendment to the Act will affect the areas in the North East especially those on the border with other countries as it says that any projects for the benefit of the country can do it without taking permission from the forest department.
And the Word of God has something to say about Israel in its relationship to these last days.
He said this while launching the book “Ka Thma U Kada” written by Bah Apol Mawniuh.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Batemon Pamshong, Clinical Psychologist, gave a detailed training on the dangers of alcoholic beverages such as drugs, alcohol, cigarette butts which can affect the health and even Therefore, I would like to ask you to consider the following questions: 1. What is the difference between the two countries? which cannot harm young people who are stupid.
Shillong received 5.7mm of rainfall, 2.4mm today, Umiam 10.9mm, no rainfall today.
Nongpoh, July 3: Leaders of the KSU Nongpoh Circle, today expressed their deep sorrow after finding that the management of Nongpoh Civil Hospital, is still distributing expired medicines to the victims. The government doesn't take medicines from this place.
Therefore, the supporters of the UDP who were invited to the meeting of Bah HM Shangpliang said clearly that they have not left the UDP but they will continue to be the supporters of the UDP. members of the UDP and stand firm on their ground.
And Kiwa's friend.
Pynishai Lathong of Nangbah Mulang was named top scorer, Sbing Chyrmang of Ladthadlaboh was named the best goalkeeper, Buromlangki Salahe of 7 Wasa United was named the player of the tournament. Sanji Dkhar scored 7 goals for Wasa United.
Up to three persons including a woman who are drug traffickers have been arrested by the police.
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi has enriched Ambani and companies by stealing from the people's money despite claiming to be a government for the poor," Gaurav said.
New Delhi: BJP leader Subramaniam Swamy has filed a complaint against Rahul Gandhi, alleging that he is an Englishman and not an Indian.
“How can you say anything but only if the Indian government has issued the UCC letter we will say anything,” said Bah Michael.
The leaders also said that the lack of facilities and examination centers has caused problems to the income of many students.
Other demands include the eradication of corruption in the District Council as it is a shame for the country and the nation to see from time to time.
Beena Kumari added a second goal before the end of the first half in the 87th minute to secure the victory.
When asked whether in the former MDA government, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from time to time had urged the government to start the Commonwealth. Program Minimum.
“We have supported the policies of this government after it came to power in 2018, but now many of the activities are against the people,” he said. to Assam.
We can only know that if we have independent testing centers that can provide us with accurate information.
Promotion of organic farming/ organic farming, other fertilizers, nano fertilizers and bio fertilizers can help in maintaining the fertility of our soil, he added.
“This incident happened because the Government and the district authorities were quick to help the coal miners for their own benefit and now everyone wants to be transferred from EJH because they don't “It's been a long time since Christmas and New Year,” said one of the coal owners who is a Nepali, but married to a Pnar.
It is on this basis that the Election Commission, in order to restore the responsibility of every citizen who has reached the age of 18 years and above, has awarded prizes to the first voters. He urged especially the youth to take this responsibility and cast their precious vote.
you are good.
He also directed the public to stay at home and not to leave their homes, except for urgent matters, such as taking medicines, injections and other essential matters. with proper passes.
The reason why the KSU Mawlong Unit has withdrawn from the party is because of the problems that have arisen within the party in the past few days. The KSU has unanimously decided to leave the KSU. These are the office bearers and members of the KSU. KSU Mawlong Unit President Rangdajied Chyne, General Secretary Banshan Khyllep, Vice President Tarruilus Khyllep, Asst General Secretary Comely Khyllep, Sports Secretary Playerson Jitem and Publicity Secretary Kyrshanlang Lyngskor, Finance Secretary Komost Dkhar and one or two members of the Unit resigned on the evening of the meeting.
The woman also alleged that on 11th November 2019, at about 8:45 PM, Badondor Wahlang raped her inside his local taxi number ML0 from New Nongstoin and also to Phodkynthei.
“Currently, the expenditure is T.803 crore.
“What happened to the investigation into the shooting death of Bah Cherish, who is involved, have you received any information?, what happened to the investigation into the death of SI PJ Marbaniang, have you received any information?, he said. state.
In recognition of his sacrifice, the HNLC has declared this day as its 'Martyrs' Day'
Before the full implementation of the temporary health centre, a meeting was held in front of the school, which was attended by North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, Jaiaw MDC Paul. Lyngdoh, Additional Deputy Commissioner and Incident Commander, B.Ranee, while on behalf of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Assistant General Secretary Rgh Paia B Synrem, Social Secretary Rgh Daoo-Hi Suiam, and Hammar Singh Kharhmar, Assistant Publicity Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, was also present.
The desire and need are inherent in every human being.
The event was also enriched by short dramas by the Biria U Maram (KBUM) and a special song by Bah Amnis Shangdiar.
Speaking on the development programme, the Minister requested the Central Government to support the state in transforming Shillong into an education hub. of the North East.
Speaking on these incidents, the principal of the school, Fr.Kmenlang Nongrum said that the factory has affected them especially in the field of health.
The HYC leader said that the protest will continue during the dorbar tlang.
So far, 182 women have died during pregnancy out of 100,000 children, which is higher than the death toll in the country as a whole, which is 122 deaths. , and there were a thousand children.
He said that on 31st November, Salonsar Khongwir, wife of Ramesh Sagar, resident of Pinewood Quarter No.15, admitted that the body was her daughter Shoma Khongwir, 28 years old. He said that she told him that her daughter left home on the 27th of November at 4 pm to buy a top up to deposit on her mobile. On the same day, the mother lodged a complaint against the killers of her daughter, said Bah Kharkrang.
Look at Sohra and Mawsynram are famous for the highest rainfall in the world but if you look at Sohra people are facing water shortage because the water cannot be drained and everything flows into the Brahma and Surma rivers,” he said. said the Minister.
This is the first time that the North East has been included, while Assam and Tripura will play from the East Zone.
The Prime Minister has helped these coal miners”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mawphlang MLA Mathew Beyond Kurbah said that along with other needs of the constituency, the lack of drinking water is one of the most serious problems in every village.
The meeting was attended by Ma Erwin Sutnga, Legal Advisor of DKRSRBD, Bah Robert Kharjahrin, Secretary HYC, Sengkmie, Bah FM Mawphniang, other HYC leaders, Rangbah Shnongs of various villages. in Ri Bhoi District.
These medals were distributed by Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh (MLA) who was also the chief guest.
The East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' and Transporters Association (EJHTO&TA) has expressed its full support to the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District and the Khasi Students' Union-Narpuh Circle on their deadline to the government to repair the The National Highway-6 has been damaged.
The four suspects were identified as Vito Awomi (37), NSCN (IM) member Tokato Awomi (29), Kitoka Awomi (35). and Kughashe Swu (30 years old).
Pandals The Puja Committees shall inform the Deputy Commissioners or SDOs (Civil) of the establishment of Puja Pandals.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: Many residents of Ri Bhoi District, whether in the rural areas or in the urban areas, have expressed their anger over the excessive electricity shortage. MeECL has not been able to provide stable power according to the needs of the people.
The market has been constructed since 2009 under the NLCPR scheme of the 13th Finance Commission and the Special Assistant Scheme 2016-17 at a cost of Rs 5,64,27,0 five hundred and seventy-four hundred and twenty-nine thousand pieces of silver.
Hundreds of people especially foreigners have gathered on the evening of the 26th to gather at the Khyndai Lad and to burn candles for the purpose of offering prayers to Nandwal.
“I have urged that even those who don't have shops (those who sell their produce in the market) should be allowed to sell their produce and not only those who have markets or shops in the market.
At the same time, he also praised Bah Kyrmen Shylla for his support to the people of the area and urged him to continue to support the people in need. The Government of Meghalaya is also ready to assist the farmers to develop them.
At this meeting, it was informed that the jain bathain by the indigenous people also reflects the larity of that community.
The District Magistrate in implementation of the order of the Chief Secretary of the State Government has declared the entire Lad Rymbai as a containment area and this includes Lad Rymbai-B, Lad Rymbai Datsimpein, Lad Rymbai Dongwah, Lad Rymbai Khliehdupon. The public and residents of these areas are welcome to comply with the safety measures issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from midnight on 3rd August, 2020 to 6:00 AM on 7th July. , 2020 to track or contact trace people known as high risk contacts and low risk contacts.
Many things that I cannot forget as they say in foreign language, “MEMORIES LIVES ON”.
Shillong: Tens of thousands of people from all over the Khasi Hills including Bhoi, War, Bhoi and Lynnngam on Wednesday came to worship at the duwan. They were sent to Mount Sohpet Bneng, which was located on the top of the mountain in the clearing of Umiam.
On the other hand, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that there is no difference in the review of the Reservation Policy as the Reservation Policy has not been reviewed for 50 years. because according to the rules, this policy should be reviewed once every 10 years.
“The road is a budlum and we hope that the construction of the road in Jowai will be smooth and those wells that are not in the area should be repaired,” said Pariat.
The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has recently said that it is not against the holding of the festival on Sunday, but urged the Government to ensure that and to take measures to prevent any disturbance that may affect the peace and order during the festival.
Shillong, July 31: The Youth Congress (YC) has started its membership process for the youth of the state, and the registration process is expected to be completed within 28 days. The event will end on the 30th and 26th of this month at 5 pm.
It seems that in the ninth month alone, this year, three landslides have occurred in the area.
HH Mohrmen thanked the Social Welfare Office for helping to provide the land for the construction of the Halfway Home. With the efforts of the officers, it was brought into West Jaintia Hills.
I would like to point out here that not only me, many young people who work and study abroad in different states of the country is a great shame such kinds of evils often happen to our fellow Khasi women. Outside the State, I feel it is necessary to say here that the authorities should take care of such people, because we have our brothers, sisters, brothers and sisters, relatives. We cannot accept such a shameful act of selling to us Khasi children abroad.
“I will visit the site soon and now I am waiting for the Model Code from East Khasi Hills to be completed as soon as possible so that I can start visiting the site to understand better but the construction of Tura. The Medical College is still going on,” said the Minister.
The CM said this while inaugurating the first North East Fruit Wine Incubation Center in the North East at IHM Campus, Mawdiangdiang on Friday in the presence of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development. Ampareen Lyngdoh and Minister of Excise.
People will not have to go to Dibrugarh for treatment.
The management of the Mumbai company and those working with the ship said that until Saturday night, they had not been able to talk to the management of the ship. They cannot do anything about the incident but will wait until they get an explanation and news from the authorities from these places where the ship was seized.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is not yet a new law, but many people have been talking about it without seeing the truth.
“We will send a letter to the government to set a date to meet with us within this month to ask for clarification on this,” said KSU President Bah Daniel Khyriem. they didn't wait for the meeting.
She said that from time to time the department has issued letters to the meat shops and they have also met face to face with each shop to explain to them how to sell meat. We also have all the names of the Doh vendors with us,” she said.
Therefore, the group mentioned above should be formed in each constituency and in each village.
Hek said that no less than 700 people came to his residence to stand in line.
He said that during the meeting they discussed many issues on the Monolith Festival and after the discussion they demanded that the EC should provide a proper account of the expenditure on the Monolith. in the Ing Dorbar of KHADC which will start tomorrow.
Meanwhile, the Assam government has increasingly urged the Rilum states across the region not to own and forcibly occupy the land of the people around the border of the Khasi Jaintia region.
Kidambi Srikanth will also prepare to face Thailand's Kantaphon Wangcharoen while Orleans Masters winner Priyanshu Rajawat will face Japan's Kanta Tsuneyama.
Shillong: The Justice T Vaiphei Commission of Inquiry into the shooting death of Cherishter Field Thangkhiew has taken testimony from four state government employees and seven employees. The commission also visited the house of the incident, at Kynton Massar, on 5th June
Prof. Kma said the temporary suspension of the strike does not mean that the strike has ended but should give time to the VC to convene a meeting of the Academic Council (AC) to be held at the first month of November.
The Maruti Alto ML04C 7093 was coming from Jowai and the truck (NL01G 8133) was coming from Ialong. high.
The political party was formed in 2011 through the anti-corruption struggle known as the Anna Andolan.
Shillong, July 18: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit led by Bah Banshai Marbaniang on Tuesday met with the Principal of Synod College, Bah RM Lyngdoh, Jaiaw. , Shillong on a complaint received from the students of the college in recent days regarding the compulsion to wear masks.
They broke into the Secretariat and sat in front of the Secretariat to shout and demand the suspension of the police who shot the former GS of the HNLC. sing a song, “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, I love you”.
The strike is to demand that the government should release their salaries which have been suspended for five months.
On the other hand, the union has warned the contractors not to bring in these foreigners and if found, the union will take strong action.
Researchers have examined to what kind of people these events happen.
In this age of market and private profit, I hope that the traditional teaching of the Church, relating to trade and commerce, will not be limited to those who sell pearls in Iewduh or Iaw Musiang, It should not only be for shana, alu muri, tyrso or kwaidong sellers, but it should also work and should also be for companies, saipan, traders and factory owners. who have destroyed and plundered our forests and our land.
Shillong, July 14 : The Jongksha Grassroots Football Center on Tuesday held the Winter Football Tournament 2024 for junior children.
He said there was an agreement with the government at the time of handover of the land to build offices for the employment of the youth of the area and the government should take action on this to provide employment to the owners. village jobs that they can do, because the desire of the people is not only to open but also to provide employment opportunities for the youth of the northern region.
Speaking to reporters, Shining Wanniang, Vice President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his satisfaction with the construction of the road from Thiep-Bamon to Mawpud. However, unfortunately, due to the slowness of the contractor, this road has not been completed on time.
He added that out of the 17 MLAs, up to 12 have joined the TMC and this complaint is only to mislead the people.
Bultman's efforts also stemmed from his responsibilities as a church leader and his concern was how scientifically educated laymen and scholars could value and establish the faith and religious teachings that they received.
The Minister said the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the Home Affairs Department's decision to expedite the implementation of the Village Administration Bills (VAB) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and The JHADC has empowered the Rangbah Shnongs.
He looked at Bahdeng and listened for a while and then said, “To ka long hi.
The celebration of Martyrs Day reminds us of the work they have done, urges us to move forward with our aspirations and not to be in a hurry to fight for the rights and freedom for the sake of Hynniewtrep,” said u Bah Nongtraw.
Before we get to the point, you may feel like you're talking nonsense or talking nonsense if you say that you have relatives who live in America or abroad.
The new Vande Bharat train will reduce the travel time between the two cities by about half an hour and will benefit the pilgrims.
Speaking to media on 31st June, EKH DC SC Sadhu who is also the Returning Officer of Shillong Parliamentary Seat said that they have held discussions with political parties as well as the Union of EKH. Nongsynshar Shnong who expressed their dissatisfaction with the implementation of Section 144 CrPC throughout the district.
The fourth match will be against Karnataka on Saturday.
We have our MP and we have 100 percent confidence that we will win again,” he said.
What has happened to this government under the leadership of the NPP? The present government has been the most prominent of all the previous governments in terms of corruption.
MIT is the first school to launch this environmental initiative in India.
The total number of cases in the state has now reached
“We are happy that our indefinite strike was successful today because 100% no one took classes, teachers joined us, no students protested, the ' The test was postponed because the students understand that the teachers will not take classes and they too understand the problem,” said Shongknor.
Nongsawlia, July 21: With only 20 days left for the school children to leave school, the oldest school in the state has caught fire this morning. The incident occurred when the classrooms of the students were destroyed.
The incident happened at 7 pm this morning, after the mother, Kong Triwlis Syiem, was on her way to a shop in Nongpoh, but the victim was on her way to a shop in Nongpoh. While she was walking on the road, she didn't think about it when the truck came and hit her until she lost her life.
“We have received 57 bodies and the death toll could increase, as most of the bodies have been burnt and covered with each other,” said Dr. Semi Jamali. the hospital in Karachi.
After finding sufficient evidence against them, the accused were sentenced to life imprisonment.
It means that Jesus is also God, but he was born in flesh because he was born of the woman Mary Magdalene.
During the 430 years that the Israelites were in Egypt, God took care of them, because they were the promised children. In Egypt the children of Israel (Jews) multiplied and grew.
Too many roads have no entry only for commercial vehicles and they have paid the tax at the right price.
He said the Bajoria school authorities have said they will hold an emergency meeting next month to consider the matter.
“No Kongthei, don't cry... Because I'm sorry... How can I do that Bahdeng himself doesn't agree to live with you, maybe he doesn't love you as much as you love him.
"Many people say that I have been here for a long time, but now you are here.
Shillong: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (EMRI) has announced that from tomorrow, 29th March 2019, it will continue its indefinite strike from 10:00 am to 10:00 pm. The Government has urged the Government to immediately suspend the GVK Company which operates 108 Ambulances.
Speaking to media, Bah Riwinroi Kharbuli said that the party demands that the gate should be removed immediately to avoid these attacks.
After a thorough investigation by the BDO and request for clarification from the people, it was found that there was no misuse of the scheme. The meeting was concluded, in which even the RTI complainant was shocked after finding that the people witnessed that the scheme has been implemented properly.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can complain to the office of the SDO (Supply) by writing their name and village. they can be punished.
At present, the center is only doing the composting of the rotten garbage from Umpling village and he said that the work is easy because the village already has a system for the residents to fertilize. separate the garbage from the house.
At the same time, the JE promised the leaders of the Seng to take immediate action on the demand of the Seng and to remove the transformer which could endanger the people passing by. nearby.
AT Mondal also had the opportunity to talk to the officials of M/S ITD Cementation India Ltd.
And they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
Kholi served as Governor of Gujarat from 2014 to 2019, according to a statement from the BJP in Delhi.
On this occasion, the MBC also handed over the soskular or the needs of the club to Bah Pyniaid so that he can assist on his part to meet the needs of the club in carrying out the activities of the club. it is the shlem of teaching.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Paul Lyngdoh called for the responsibility of all the groups involved for the proper use of the talents that God has given us. to the artisans and artisans of the state.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today promised to convene a meeting with the leaders of the Social Welfare Department and the leaders of the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA). organization to discuss the problems they face.
Leaders should be able to:1
At present, in Balakhwa village, Assam has delivered many development works and every time it delivers development works, it has put up signboards, which show that these development works have been brought. from the Government of Assam.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Hima said, “I don't expel anyone but if Bah Pynshngain wants to leave Mawpen and stay in Pynthor then it is up to him. I wish him to stay in Shyiap and it is his will to fight.
However, he said that although the struggle has become more intense to allow other countries to evacuate their people, the situation in the area is not stable and their struggle continues. and severe itself, in some parts of Sudan.
Ma Bishar and Ma Humphry expressed their gratitude to these police stations for being quick to help the poor and needy at this time of crisis.
The relationship between me and Dr. Don has its own uniqueness, because many issues in the Khadar administration and in the party, we used to discuss immediately, how to do.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Umskun is one of the villages near Nongpoh and is located near the NH-6, which is only 2 km from the road. , but in the past few years, the village has not had a paved road and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people and especially during the rainy season.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, yesterday the RBYF leaders, in collaboration with the group of drivers, volunteers from the villages in the Umtrai area, including Umtrai, Umlaper, Mawker, Mawshang and Umsiang together with the MDC of Mawhati, today rallied to repair the damaged parts of the road from Umtrai to Lad leading to Pamlatar village.
This made her soul afraid that Panah would take advantage.
Shillong: The non-Congress government has taken over the rule in the state and it is up to us to remind our readers, on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) protest led by dozens of political parties, in in 2013, which was actively participated by political parties as well.
He said that the Survey of India has been surveyed at Hahim and the boundaries will soon be erected by both the state governments.
On the 23rd June 2014, the Association met with the Director of DSEL, and on his part, the Director of DSEL, u sent back a reminder letter to the State Government pursuant to letter no.
Many SSA teachers find it difficult to pay school fees, tuition fees and other expenses.
This action of the Waheh Shnong Thangskai, is unacceptable because it puts the Jaitbynriew in trouble and danger and she urged and reminded all the Dorbar Shnongs or Waheh Shnongs in the district to be who are careful when giving any syrnod to avoid trouble later.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Hynniewtrep Farmers and Labor Welfare Association (HF LWA) has launched a campaign to promote agriculture in the country. farmers and day laborers have been able to explain to the public how to develop them in all aspects.
The illegal entry of Bangladeshis has been occurring from many places on the border such as Lumsoskie, Umkiang, Dona Skur and Ratachera, East Jaintia Hills District. Kynjaimon Amse, said this is a question that the Border Security Force should answer.
Besides, if you visit these villages from November to June, the soh fields are stem hur and phyrnai khrek, because the soh has ripened well and these villages are the exporters of soh ñiamtra to all the markets of the country. West Khasi Hills Besides, the vendors living along the Shillong-Tura highway from Mawruksoin, Thiepjaphlang to Lad Tumtum, have been filled with soh from these villages.
The Government of India has launched two schemes, one is the Prime Minister's Kisan Samridhhi Kendra (PMKSKY) or specialized fertilizer shops from different service providers in one special place.
These street lights were donated by Ex MDC Hilarious Dkhar and the Waheh Shnong of Namdong B expressed his gratitude to this man who has the spirit to support the street lights. the village is created.
The HNLC Leader said that he cannot explain all the issues of the HNLC as he will bring them up after the start of the talks with the Government.
The question is, what does backward mean and what does not adequately represent? The Supreme Court, in 2005, in the case Ashoka Kumar Thakur Vs Union of India, ruled that the term “backward” does not mean backwardness only in terms of development or income, but includes backwardness in other aspects of society and education.
“If the spirit of entrepreneurship can be built from the ground up, Meghalaya will become a rich state,” he said.
The training was also to assess the knowledge and skills of the state government officials in developing relief measures and to discuss how to rebuild after these disasters. in the forces of nature.
The protesters arrived at the residences of two Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) MLAs led by Sharad Pawar and former Shiv Sena minister. They demanded that there should be a special session to discuss the special allocation of the Marathas in Parliament.
Besides the fact that children have lost their education during the outbreak of COVID-19 for two years, there is now a shortage of teachers.
Rs 400 crore has been allocated to SHGs and PGs in the last four years.
It is written of old, 'As swords in the hand of the mighty, so are the sons of the mighty.
“One of the elderly men has died, he was declared covid here at NEIGHRIMS, when the body was taken, it didn't come home, it was taken to the hill, who went to bury it, only the Rangbah Balang, Elders, church workers and MLAs, MDCs who are willing to attend.
In another incident, a 15-year-old boy who is a member of the A'chik Matgrik Meghalaya Army (AMMA) has surrendered to the police. A. Sangma, 15, who came to Dadenggre, pleaded guilty to kidnapping and robbery in Damal Asim area.
In Group A, Shillong Zone, Umrit will play against Mawlai SC at 3 pm while in Group B, Mulait United will play against Sein Pynbhalang at 2 pm. In Group C, Mawkyrwat Zone, Shillong Lajong FC will play against Pyndengrei at 3 pm and in Group D, Tura Zone, Selsella Sports Association will play against Chipakkore at 3 pm. morning.
After 10 days of the Inter Badminton/Table Tennis Tournament, the Sports Department of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) Shillong has decided to resume the sports programmes. College Football Tournament (for men) from 21st July
However, Mawkhar-Pynthor MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit was not seen attending the meeting. Adelbert was asked whether KHNAM has sent any information to James Ban. “It's been a 15th anniversary,” said Adelbert.
“We encourage startups, local entrepreneurs,” and expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for introducing major schemes for economic development across the country.
During the review, the Governor urged the officers to work with responsibility, selflessness and accountability for the benefit of the people of the state to improve income and livelihood. their.
“Why is the Government so slow, the road is not only for us but for all the people of the North East, the traffic jam for many hours It has caused problems to the children who sit inside the vehicles coming from different states, they have to sleep inside the vehicles, as well as cause problems to the women and children, the people who pass through this road and shisha. “It is also a shame to the state if the National Highway is in this condition which causes problems to the people,” he said.
Therefore, “education is not only for getting government jobs, but if we are just market vendors, if we have an education, it is different from those who don't have a degree,” he said.
The use of these sur kynud, siaw and rwai is the way they used to use the ancient times which has made this village famous not only in India but in the world. hi all.
You are stupid or wrong!!! As a member of the Meghalaya Executive, the JHADC is not satisfied.
Besides, the Governor also praised the residents of Shillong and its cleanliness.
Speaking on the occasion, Rakkam said that teaching is the most honorable job and said, “When you serve with dedication, you have the power to bring about change, so we send them with the firm belief that you will share the goals and responsibilities with the Government”.
The Assam Rifle Assam Regiment also took part in the race exhibition at the Polo Race Course.
A few days after the Poonch attack, at least five soldiers were killed by militants who were cordoned off by the army in which they used a powerful explosive device at a place It is located in Rajouri district of Jammu & Kashmir.
They requested the Chief Minister to listen to their demand and to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam Sarbananda Sonowal for their request. to establish the Khasi-Jaintia Development Council in Assam.
However, the Mylliem Hima office in charge of the market has announced that the market should not be opened on Sunday, as announced by the District Administration of the government.
If we look at the rule of law in both these districts of Rilum Khasi, they were the same especially before the creation of those District Councils.
While hearing the case, the complainants who were present today wrote that despite the orders of the HC, there has been no proper collection of garbage from the residents of Jowai.
So far, 3,19,413 people have shown that they have consumed less than 1 kilowatt of electricity and these include 58,828 households in Shillong.
“The committee has listened to the views of all those who attended the meeting from Syiems, Rangbah Shnongs, land owners and various political parties of West Khasi Hills,” he said. , “There were some villages that did not attend the meeting”.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bnai Syngkrem, Rangbah Shnong Shnongpdeng who was the chief guest and other Rangbah from War Jaintia.
“I hope that the youth will play well, fight with a strong spirit and return with victory and share with other players of the state what they have gained from this tournament.
Rao Inderjit Singh – Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Statistics and Program Implementation; and Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Planning3.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: “We know, you shouldn't fight,” said Stanlywiss Rymbai, former Congress MLA, who was rejected for his ticket. I), when the leaders of the Block Congress from Umroi, met to discuss the MLA ticket from that constituency before the 2013 elections.
This is true whether in the city or in the countryside.
Sanbor said it is true that Meghalaya does not belong to the BJP, at the same time it does not belong to the PDF. .
That night, because of the fierce fighting, even the cows did not sleep.
“By raising this UDP flag, we reaffirm that we must resolve together as supporters to fight with the strength of our spirit and with our strength to ensure that our State will become a The state doesn't have a hope.
When the election is over, all candidates and political parties have to account for the expenses incurred during the election with detailed information in this regard.
Besides, the speakers urged the village leaders and the people to cooperate with the people of the Block, in order to bring benefits to the villages.
Under these guidelines, to come into force from 1st March, 2020, other jobs have been opened.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong or from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mairang during office hours. and the closing date for submission of completed application forms is 31st June
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 28: At 1:30 pm on the 28th of this month, Special Police of the ANTF, conducted a search operation for the suspects, after receiving a tip that there were smugglers. heroin drugs in Nongstoin.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, said that the HNYF has recently met with the management of the hospital, which is also part of the inquiry into the lack of ambulance at the hospital. However, the answer received is that the government does not have the funds to purchase an ambulance and install it at the hospital.
Some of us, because of the inability to complete our work, have had to count the time to go to bed or to get up earlier than usual.
Shillong: The State Government has prepared a plan to rehabilitate the coal mines and mines which have exploited the mineral resources in order to restore the environment and the fire.
The CoRP urges the MeECL to complete the 33 KV line as soon as possible for the benefit of the people of Ri Bhoi West, said a statement sent by Bah Gershome Hat Vice President of the CoRP. Mawkyrwat, Lber : Mawsynram MLA Ollan Sing Suin has congratulated all the students of Mawsynram Constituency who have passed the SSLC and HSSC Examinations this year.
Nongpoh, July 13: Nine students of Patharkhmah Government Higher Secondary School, Patharkhmah have failed to appear in the SSLC results announced by the MBOSE. They also lodged a complaint with the Khasi Student Union, as well as the village leaders.
I have no idea about that.
Men Narida Kyndiah, resident of Iawpynsin, Ummulong, has passed away on
Speaking on the occasion, Phasmon Dkhar praised Riquoma Laloo for his initiative to publish the AB Jaintia textbook and said that the council will introduce the textbook in DCLP schools. They shall be able to read and write the Jaintia language.
Lumlang said that as of now, it has been seen in the media that the DSC Eastern West Khasi Hills District on 26th June 2024, has been slowly issuing advertisements for the jobs. 80% Khasi and Garo, and 20% Un-Reserved (UR).
Shillong, July 5: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, spokesperson, has said that the HNLC will not take part in the Independence Day celebrations of Hindustan. that the Government of Hindustan has illegally kept within the border of Hynniewtrep.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting between the two villages of Thyllaw and Mawlongbna and the two Hima/Elakas Dwara Nongtyrnem Sirdarship and Mawsynram Syiemship, Ardent said that the KHADC will no longer allow the farmers' organizations. to seek schemes without the authority of the village and the District Council.
The names of these four candidates have been approved by the UPSC for the 2022 list prepared by the Selection Committee in accordance with Sub-Regulation (3) of Regulation 7 of the Indian Police Service. ( Appointment by Promotion) Regulation, 1955.
It is not necessary to read them.
The images through these cameras can also be checked by the District Drug Controller / Child Welfare Police Officer at any time.
Doing so will help them to focus on their reading and understand how to use online reading.
How much more so for our fellow citizens from Them Barak and Raidbah Karbi Anglong in Assam.
The Bill will only apply to foreigners, he said.
Why do I say that?
Nongstoiñ: Mawkawah SC have earned three points after winning their second match of the Super Division of the Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA).
Organizations, religious groups, private sector and governments have sent messages and urged the HNLC leaders to come to the peace talks to end all violence, to agree and resolve the demands.
Speaking to reporters, Tynsong said that according to the existing rules, those who leave the state should be tested by RT-PCR and if they are not sick, they should leave. But regarding Conrad Sangma, Bah Tynsong said he doesn't need to stay alone for 14 days.
The requirement of cows for the festival will be 1 crore shiphew lakh and so far there are more than 5 lakh cows, or 1 crore 18 lakh cows, which can be slaughtered on the day of the festival.
Sadon said that officials from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and the State Government have said that this issue will take a few days for the government to think about especially in terms of forgiveness. that lawsuit.
It provides an opportunity for talented young women from all over India to showcase their beauty, courage and intelligence.
We have the facts to confirm that,” said the Russian President.
Finally, the Meghalaya Police agreed to leave the area and move back to Sahsniang Village.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
This virus is part of the Influenza A Virus which has spread severely in the past few days.
The Sengbhalang also congratulates all the members of the Sengbhalang who have helped to take action on this issue and at the same time the Sengbhalang has decided to hold a public meeting in Shahlang area and will continue to fight even if it goes to court. if these factories continue to operate.
