A BJP MLA has been shot dead by farmers in Punjab today.
Bah Roning Nongkynrih is survived by two young children and his wife.
She said that although there are many contract workers in MeECL and there have been examinations for them and those who have passed have been recognized by MeECL, those who have not passed the examination can still work. “We also demand that the government should continue our work if we cannot be recognized because we have not passed the MTET but we can continue our teaching work,” said Kong Banri.
The incident happened at 11 pm this morning, when the cause of the sudden fire is unknown, but the residents of the village, was seen until the fire engulfed the building and made it impossible for the public to go to the aid of the building.
A total of 207 vehicles were handed over to different blocks of Khasi and Jaintia Hills and a similar program will be held soon in Garo Hills.
They play a role in everyday life and it is unlike other states where women are not allowed to marry without paying dowry,” said Governor V Shanmuganathan. “Cleanliness is the way of life of the people of the North East. “Cleanliness is the way of life of the people of this North East.
She said that in their reports dated 30th July 2017 and 1st July 2017, the team led by Wilson Dohling, ADTI, Wallamtihun Hujon and Glen Pyrtuh, Stores Officer, - Meghalaya SACS, have found that there has been misuse especially to increase the number of drug users.
Furthermore, the fish vendors said that they have to oppose this order to remove plastic, because the fish that bleeds like fish heart doctors can not just treat the buyers, to They are only in the pages of the newspapers because they are bloodthirsty.
Speaking to reporters, Bah T.Diengngan BDO, said that he will soon inspect the bridge.
As a public leader, Bah Don urged the farmers when they receive any government scheme, they should be faithful and improve their agriculture, because government schemes are one. from the opportunities to support them in agriculture and also to provide opportunities for them to improve their income.
“It is not that I am forbidding or violent but I am just talking and asking them whether they have informed the village authorities before doing this.
"At the Tokyo Olympics, Sweden beat Japan at home in the quarter-finals.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, today, during the hours of curfew in all parts of Ri Bhoi District, the residents and shopkeepers of various shops in Nongpoh, have been able to hold a curfew. The market did not last long, as after a while the District Authorities and Police of Ri Bhoi, left Nongpoh with loudspeakers, as a request to the people. and they shall return to their homes.
His promise in previous years to clean the Intermediate Lane is just a false promise, said the union leaders and added that as of now this road is only the balcony road of the saipan officials, not the road. the perfect road that marketers or the public expect.
In 1972, the budget of Roberts Hospital was about 10,62,000.00 tyngka and on the occasion of its 50th anniversary the Children's Ward and Out-patient Department was opened.
Recalling that the country is almost full in terms of electricity generation, but there are still shortcomings and inadequacies here and there in relation to this district, he requested the relevant office to strive to These shortcomings should be addressed so that it will not cause further problems to the public and to avoid injuries and tragic incidents.
Besides, the authorities have also found that the park does not have enough certificates to ensure that nothing unpleasant will happen to the people. and until it is met, it shall not be opened.
The Minister said that the Land Acquisition Act is expected to be amended by the Central Government in the next session.
Today's match was very interesting to watch in which both the teams played very well, and the spectators were filled with enthusiasm.
Bansanbha Khongsdam was the best player to score the first goal through Wansiewdor, who headed home.
However, the sad thing is that the government in charge of the Home Department has been sitting idle like that blind government, on the government's mismanagement and negligence especially towards the people. The union demands from the state government at the same time the district council to set up a check point or check gate inside Umwali village with strong security forces. It should do so immediately within three months from the date of publication of this news, otherwise the Seng will not hesitate to take action by erecting its own gate.
A total of 1,000 people have been rescued from the raid in Katsina, eastern Nigeria, on Tuesday. live.
“If you don't inform Bakha (David Nongrum), I don't know,” said Kong Pyngrope.
This article speaks of the coming and establishment of the Kingdom of God here on earth.
The Draft National Education Policy 2019 has been uploaded on the website of the MHRD and the portal 'MyGov Innovate' which seeks comments from stakeholders, including the public.
Thus, until now, it has been forgotten that the Hima Sutnga (Jaintia) is also under the Lama of “The Land of the Forty Kings” – without the Hima Sutnga, the Longdien now have to call the Ri-Khasi “The Land of the Forty Kings” Your Country is the Forty-first King"!! Thus, during the reign of the French, the Hima Sutnga (Jaintia) and some of the Khasi Villages were brought under the rule of the British in the so-called “British Areas”.
It is also a day to remember those journalists who are still in prison and those who have been killed just because they wrote the truth without hesitation and fulfilled their duty.
S.Ryngkhlem, Vice President KSU-Khliehriat Circle in the presence of leaders of KSU Jaintia Hills District including Samla Streamly S Niangti Finance Secretary and Samla Cherity D Suja Asst General Secretary KSU JHDU. The Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills said that this has been done in such a way that there is no need to hold a Public Hearing.
These office bearers will serve for three years from 2021 to
The decision to hold the school from 11th to 13th November was taken at a general meeting held at Malki Square on 5th November.
The match was witnessed by MDC Lakhon Biam, District Sports Officer K Passah, Working President WJDSA EMH Passah in the presence of members and office bearers of the NSA. She also honored the athletes of the village who won the title of the village at the Meghalaya Games held recently, and the day was enriched by the performance of the school children.
Replying to a question, Kong Elgiva said that she wants to introduce a scheme for every household if she becomes an MLA and also to look after the welfare of women especially to protect them. of many evils in the state.
He said that as a young man if he wins this election, he has a goal to improve the poor families through central government schemes and at the same time he will introduce street lights throughout the constituency.
Mizoram Chief Secretary Lalnunmawia Chuango today said that Mizoram has agreed to drop the complaint against Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, if there is no violation of law and order. He said he would talk to the police chiefs to remove Sarma's name if there is no violation of the law.
When he arrived in Shillong today, he met with reporters and told about the journey to lead the mother across the states which he started on the 16th of July. 2018 from Mysore and has traveled to 18 states including Bhutan and Nepal and has traveled 43,000 kilometers.
For example, the Khadar authority of the Hima, the Syiem, the Lyngdoh, the Doloi Elaka, under the Constitution of India as a whole, to define clearly. all these in the SEVENTH CHURCH of India.
In Group-B on Friday, Kharang SC will beat Maw U-Tieng SC at 2:30 pm while Madanrting FC will beat Synroplang 77 at 4:1 evening.
After the diengkhlam, as usual, a Dorbar Niam was held led by the Langdoh, Waheh Sankur together with the youth and elders of Seiñraij Mukhla to arrange for the ceremony on the third day. the Museum.
This happened on the 20th of this month at Pdengshakap IB, MeECL. The meeting was attended by Engineer E Lyngdoh, Chief Project Manager Leshka, Engineer E Syiemlieh, SE Leshka, Engineer L Kharjana and others. Dr. M. Talang, M&HO and Dr. K. Pohsnem, M&HO (both from MMSA) who agreed to cover up what happened.
According to the rules of the Election Commission of India, the campaign should end 48 hours before the counting of votes.
The inspection was led by Bah Hercules Suting, General of the HYC in Ri Bhoi, in the presence of Bah Marbud Biam, Vice-President and members of the HYC from Raid Nongtung Circle.
On 01 April 2013, Rev. Hilarius Lamare, Diocesan Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai, was appointed.
The care of the environment and its surroundings is not a daily or annual task but a task that we must continue throughout the year.
They said that the man was seriously injured and was shifted to Shillong for further treatment.
Speaking to reporters, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP Sakshi Maharaj on Tuesday said that Madrassas provide training on terrorism. .
“We have been given an immediate deadline of submitting our Claims and Objections within 2 days on the 21st of this month. 2 days who will be removed and who will be included in the list,” said Bah Syiemlieh.
Heavenly Canaan is more than this, the tree of life yields up to 5 lakh fragrances; as the Church we send our incense through our prayers, our good deeds, the words we speak reach this heavenly Canaan every day as gifts that we will reach one day. Jesus loved me,He came from the land of Canaan;He died on the cross,That I might reach Canaan,I might wear glory,In the glorious land of Canaan;With Jesus I shall dwell forever,Let us go to Canaan.
“According to the medical report, one of the children who was released was found to have been raped,” said Superintendent of Police Vivekanand Singh Rathore.
She alleged that the actions of the party are merely a power grab.
She said she has directed the Director of NEIGRIHMS to provide a detailed explanation on the incident.
Biswa Sarma, Finance Minister of Assam and senior leader of the BJP in the state, is also the leader of the North East Democratic Alliance. issue and will contest the election on the same issue.
Jowai: There was a dispute between the heads of Cement Plants and truck owners over the fare of the state government.
The HANM leader extended his best wishes to Bah Julius Dorphang, who will continue to serve the people in the Mawhati Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The State Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Wankitbok Pohshna on Tuesday said that the BJP is not the NPP. The BJP and the NPP are the same.
We have television, we have cable television, we have mobile phones, we have the internet.
On the 21st of June, Sarma will leave for Silchar.
The overall increase in the number of voters was 2.36% of the number of voters according to the Draft Rolls as of 9th November,
On the part of Dolloi Puramon Kynjing, in connection with the orderly conduct of religious activities on this day, he thanked all the Langdohs who took the initiative to participate and also all the elders, youth, parents who gave their support. the precious time to celebrate this day.
Rev. Thomas Jones, as a Welshman, understood the English's oppression of other nations.
Therefore, let us choose for our future.
Bah FB Basan, MCS in his speech said that Chess is a game that can shape a person's life.
This road also connects the villages on the India-Bangladesh border and SBYWA has demanded from the road construction department to repair this road to make it easier for the residents to walk and stand and to transport their produce to the market.
Bah Tosanbha Marweiñ, MCS, EAC East Khasi Hills District was the chief guest at these programs along with others who enjoyed and commented on these sports who also distributed trophies, medals and trophies. to all who have won.
In another incident, Ajoy Hajong lodged a complaint that on 28th November, robbers stole his scooter (ML-08H-9448) from the ground floor of Maternity & Child Hospital, Tura.
During the protest, there was a heated clash between the magistrates, police chiefs and the KSU leaders, in which the KSU leaders tried to enter the police station.
When asked by the HSPDP leaders who were present at the meeting to know what the anti-party activities of Bah Pyniaid, Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC from Mylliem constituency said that Bah Pyniaid has done something against the party. KHNAM candidate from Laban-Mawprem constituency and not the HSPDP candidate. “We know through an interview that he said on a TV channel. This video is also available on Youtube now,” said Teilinia.
The party urged the leaders of the region and the government to listen to the voice of the indigenous people and implement the ILP as soon as possible to protect their rights as promised in the ILP. custom.
From 15th June, some works will be implemented in the state.
He states that this is just the beginning step for the students who have been honored.
It is time for the people to stand up and work together with the government to bring about many development projects that the people still need in the state. not only to smile or smile, but to come forward and work with the government for the sake of development in all areas.
The Narpuh Border Area Joint Action Committee (NBAJAC) is a union of Waheh Shnongs, Secretaries of Villages in Narpuh Elaka and adjacent villages in Narpuh District. Rural Development Block for Narpuh Area so that the villages near the Bangladesh and Assam borders can easily access the offices of the Block.
Jowai, July 20: The Jaintia Body Building Association (JBB&FA) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Body Building Association (MB&FA) and the World Fitness Association (WFF) The 2nd All Meghalaya Amateur Body Building Championship 2022, ended on Saturday, July 18, 2022 at Ladthadlaboh Indoor Sports Hall, Jowai.
He said that after this, only 2-3 lakh metric tonnes of coal will remain to be auctioned.
Acting Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima, Paiem Phlowing Nongbak, Secretary of Nongmynsaw Hima Pingstone Nongphud, Sordar of Langpih Dominic Wahlang were also present at the ceremony. the elders of the village and others.
INTERKULTUR, a German group, considers Ibarisha to be one of the best singers of the Shillong Chamber Choir.
He said that the list of coal buyers who have mined coal is already available with the NGT and the Supreme Court and there are 1,76,650 MT.U of coal. He said that this action of the government has shown that it has another opinion on this issue.
This happened after the incident, which happened at 7 pm last night, when a Datsun, fell into the river, after being hit by the ground and rocks, which fell into the ground. which is in the place where they dug the stone at Riat Rngain.
The figures show that the majority of the students are women with 145,9
The saints are those who understand and see the dangers, the inequalities in income, the injustice and corruption in the rule of law, the discrimination in society and the hostility to the environment.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki has issued an order to open shops three days a month to facilitate the time of shopkeepers and shopkeepers and to ensure compliance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government. COVID-19 cases in the district.
He said that there is still a lot of information that needs to be included in the textbook and this is only the beginning and he requested the readers to give their suggestions or comments so that the textbook can be published. away from the nation.
People from all over the country, foreigners, and from within the country, came to witness and experience the beauty of this Rong ka Taw which was attended by 53 Himas and also the performances. The Rong ka Taw was inaugurated by the Minister of State for Small Affairs, V Kishore Chandra Deo.
New Delhi, November 21: The Lok Sabha today passed three amendments to the Criminal Law.
People who have many cars don't care about Odd-Even, they have cars and odd and even.
This shows his fundamental stability as a public leader.
In the incident, it was also reported that five cows died in the cold bomb, because they were sleeping on a tree.
“This union is just a fake image of the Congress party, who are the ksiang of UCIL since the past until now they are still misleading, misleading and misleading the residents of the area,” said the President. KSU Phlang Mawprah Mr. Dusterwell and KSU Phlang Diloin Mr. Dresterwell.
“The selected players will lead the federation to the Inter District Tournament 2022 which will be held in the second month of April 2022,” said Sohlang.
The killer elephant, known as Bin Laden of Assam, who was arrested by the forest department in Goalpara, has been blocked in Mangaldai for several hours, as the villagers, They don't want to put him in Orang National Park.
This suggestion to the Bangladesh government is to help India so that they cannot deliver the network,” said the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
and can also lead to violations of the rules contained therein.
He said the allegation by the Legal LRO is only an attempt to incite conflict between Hindus and Christians not only in Meghalaya but in the North East as a whole.
The three Acting Dolloi who have been dismissed include the Acting Dolloi of Jowai, Puramon Kynjing, the Acting Dolloi of Shangpung, Muskut. Manbha Kyndoh, President of Narpuh District and Chawas Lyngdoh, President of Raliang District, Sutnga, Erodit Sutnga, Nongjngi – Corpius Daw , the Mayor of Shangpung, Wandame Dhar, the Mayor of Nongbah, Moon Garod.
Thad SC, which won the final, received a cash prize of T.12,000, while Nongjri SC, which lost the final, won the trophy. song money worth T.6 thousand.
She hoped that this amount, although a small donation, will help the government to meet the needs of the fight against the coronavirus.
Nongstoiñ, June 10: U Bah Methodius Dkhar, who has been elected as the HSPDP candidate for Mawshynrut Constituency for the upcoming elections, has spoken after the party confirmed him at a meeting. Speaking at Rongrin Secondary School in Umdang, he said that his main goal to contest the election next year is to solve the problems faced by the people. Witting Mawsor has been elected as the Leader of the Constituency for more than four years.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 1: The spread of drugs, as well as the increasing number of child marriages in the society, has shocked the mothers. fathers, even the rulers of the villages or kingdoms for the future of the youth, throughout the land of Hynniewtrep.
The Government should also expedite the introduction of ILP, Entry and Exit Points and rules and regulations that can curb the infiltration of foreign authorities.
It was the wonderful guidance of God through this Missionary who urged to send a Missionary to Khasiland.
These short films may be in any language of India and subtitled in English or Hindi and the length of the film shall not be less than three minutes or more. 10 minutes.
“The reservation policy is one and if we are elected to the Lok Sabha, we will have the opportunity to bring our issues to the Legislative Assembly such as the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and other issues of the state, “ he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Kevin John Khyllait of Longki Ingding, Eastern West Khasi Hills District has become the winner of the MTB Cross Country Championship organized by the Meghalaya Cycling Association (MCyA) at the 4th Meghalaya Games. after finishing with 1 hour 11 minutes in all three events.
It was seen that they were setting up shops even in the parking lot.
The camp included vertical jump, compass drill, 10m ladder run and 20m sprint, and Olsen took part in helping to distribute training and information. about football.
The Governor assumed office on 8th November 2013, after the expiry of the term of former Governor, RS Mooshahary.
Doctors at NEIGRIHMS for the first time in the state and perhaps in the Northeast have been able to provide closer treatment for a patient who suffers from a strange pain in the neck.
In this committee, the KHADC has decided to allocate funds through the Council to improve the safety and security of the market including the construction of new toilets and improvement of the existing ones, the repair of footpaths, the construction of to install solar lights on the roads to provide light at night.
According to a statement from the Secretary General of the Council, Bah NJ Nongrem, it was on this day in 1948 that the General Assembly of the United Nations approved the establishment of the famous Dulir. as the “Universal Declaration of Human Rights”.
In Jaiaw, the daju was also shot and beaten.
Because of the destruction of the ships, the Dorbar has purchased three ships and one of them was donated by the Tata Steel Company.
The High Court in its order said, “If so, the lawyer should not file an affidavit on this”.
In this regard, the union demands that the government should immediately provide for the hospital, that is, to appoint all the staff who should work in the hospital from Grade IV, Ward attendance. staff nurses' quarters, public toilets to expand the building and to provide rooms, from the room where the doctor should sit and examine the patients and others.
What is happening now is that it has reached the point of a fierce war that could lead to the Third World War, and the whole reason is only for the destruction of Jerusalem.
He said that this decision of the Chief Ministers of these two states may be true but the truth is that all the Hima in the state have a proper boundary. The District Council cannot say that it does not have a boundary.
Dr. M. Ampareen Lyngdoh, however, had a good count and got the ministry (1×5=5).
Nongpoh: Besides the problem of lack of road, the residents of Umlathu village, one of the most backward villages in Ri Bhoi, Umtyrnga area on the border with Assam, have faced another problem. one of the insults and that is over the power outage for more than 3 years.
Sadhu said he has received requests from political parties as well as civil society groups for the repeal of Section 144 CrPC especially in relation to the ban on rallies. This order was issued with the intention of ensuring peace and order, that there will be no disturbance and for the smooth running of the traffic.
“There will be 17 lakh households who will benefit from this scheme,” said Himanta Sarma, Minister of State for Assam.
Shillong: A group of APSTA teachers led by Bah FC Shullai Genl.
The report clearly shows that Meghalaya is the lagging behind and slowest State in implementing development projects compared to other States in the region.
“The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has always said that development in the state and the North East will come through the elimination of corruption and the elimination of conflict between the I'm a state," said Ernest.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 2: The residents of Siejlieh village in Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District, this morning at about 9 am, have attacked and tried to forcibly remove a village. to a police gate located in one of the streets of the village known as Mawïaban.
“I can also say that this peace talks is special and not like other government programs or calls for talks to say let's talk tomorrow. those who have to prepare, the opinions, the explanations.
Without discipline and a strong mind it will be difficult to reach the goal.
Gilseng Momin took three wickets for seven runs.
Speaking to reporters, Bah PT Sawkmie said, “Dr Aman War has already estimated that the cost of purchasing medicines, injections to give injection of infected people, to provide beds, oxygen, corona care centres, food and so on.
When he became VC, Pakem said he had done well in the examination system.
“The BJP has not done anything in the last five years because it is involved in corruption.
“We should be the builders of bridges for the people and not the builders of bridges and if we can do this, no one else will be able to defeat the Congress,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Therefore, we will wait for a while and if we promise falsely, we too will have to do what is necessary.
If nothing can be done about the flooding of the First Ground Polo, it could cancel the SSA tournaments that will continue in the future, including the SPL .
KSU Shangpung Unit informs the students and the public that the date of awarding ceremony of the 1st Maitshaphrang Academic Award which was scheduled to be held on 19th November 2020 at Shangpung Auditorium Hall Pohshnong has been postponed to the New Year.
“You will see the result of what the people will respond to,” he said.
At the meeting of the Project Approval Board (PAB) between the Ministry of Education, the Government of India and the Ministry of Education, the Government of Meghalaya, it was shown that in the two years, 2020-21 and 2021-2 The decrease in school enrollment is more than 1 lakh in all types of schools.
No one, not even the government or doctors, can play with human life because of the law.
Shipara SC won the 3rd Maitsha Football Tournament organized by KSU Umden Unit.
Therefore, he urged the youth of the area to carry the responsibility by studying well and when teaching they should teach in a clean and transparent manner and not to be involved in wealth. for even if it were sold for silver, those who received it would not eat the land.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the draw for the Junior and Senior categories and to the TB patients who have recovered.
Dathrang District is a village which includes Darrang, Dawki, Shnongpdeng, Lymba, Kongwang and Ri Kynjai which fall under the lower reaches of the Umngot River.
Shillong CA (B), which won the toss, tied the match in 15 overs due to bad weather.
In this regard, the State President Prestone Tynsong urged the new presidents to set up district committees and these committees will also include the members of the party.
Speaking after leaving the office, the Returning Officer of Mylliem Constituency, Bah Pynshai Manik Syiem, said that his first goal is to bring about development in the constituency. The passage of time in the 21st century and for the state what is needed now is to renew the old laws to become stronger laws, so that they can protect the future. of the nation.
Maitshaphrang Kharwanniang from Kenïong, South West Khasi Hills District, has qualified for the UCI MTB Eliminator World Cup 2022 in Ladakh after becoming a silver medalist in the Cycle Race. of the 4th Meghalaya Games 2022 in Shillong.
They perform the four seasons of the year, according to their times, with thanksgiving, prayer and worship to God the Creator and to the Rymaw.
The SDRF team has also reached various places in Garo Hills for relief work.
Shillong, July 21: A Bangladeshi Khar has been arrested by the Khyndai Lad Police today with T.2.70 lakh in Bangla currency.
Of all the policemen who came to take part in the competition, the police of West Garo Hills were the most intelligent as they won the title of the best.
He said that the CMD of MeECL has promised to take action and also to send engineers to inspect the families who have been affected by such a disaster. and boarding.
“When I was Minister, I had a little time with the IPR department. At that time too we thought about food, accommodation and I will work hard to ensure that we can achieve these goals. 2 issues for journalists," she said.
He took the opportunity to announce many projects, including a new Secretariat, parking lot and others.
Also present on the occasion were the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Government Ministers Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Marcuise N Marak, Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare, MDC Rangkynsai Kharbuki and officers of the PHE Department and Shillong Municipal Board.
The house belongs to Virginia Nongkynrih, who has given it to others.
West Garo Hills has 11 cases including 8 high risk cases, one from abroad, one health worker and one found at the screening centre. .
It is unfortunate to say that the enactment by the Constituent Assembly of the Constitution of India on the traditional and customary practices of the Khasi-Pnar people has not been included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. The purpose of JJM Nichols Roy as the architect of the Sixth Schedule of the Khasi-Pnar people is to preserve the fundamental rights of the Khasi-Pnar people. The Khasi-Pnar people as established by the Federation of Khasi States and the Khasi Jaintia Federated Conference through the Constitution Making Dorbar of the Khasi States known as the Constitution Making Dorbar.
This species of plant requires only seasonal rainfall.
He said that his joining the NPP was due to the continued phone calls of the Prime Minister and Symbud Prime Minister from time to time to him to join the NPP. The NPP has also confirmed the office bearers of the NPP Mairang Block under the leadership of Bah Bel Rani, the Women's Wing and the Youth Wing.
He said that he as an MLA and the BJP supporters from South Shillong have strongly supported the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh but in other places, it is not known like in Pynthorumkhrah constituency where there have been allegations. “During the elections, they alleged that if the BJP-backed NPP wins, they will ask Modi to convert all Christians to Hinduism, churches will be closed down, and don't eat cow.
Banisha Nongsiej, who runs a beauty parlor in Mawlai, said that even though the Ministry of Home Affairs has issued orders that shops including khapshniuh shops are allowed to open. in the country and the states as a whole.
The rally was organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills in collaboration with the North Eastern Region Capital Cities Development Investment Program (NERCCDIP). Soso Tham auditorium.
“The time has come to show the nation where we stand.
The State Bank of India and the Union Bank followed with an increase of 10.27% and 9.66% respectively.
In this regard, the union has also met with the SDO of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division to resolve the problems faced by the people from the suspension of petrol in Riangdo and They also said that the misunderstanding or conflict of anyone has caused problems to the people of the area.
Earlier, Kong Mary and her husband lived in a house covered with wood and their house was destroyed, but the presence of members and leaders of the Blind Lead Trust Organization encouraged them to give. , they helped build the house of this woman.
In the Under-18 Girls and Women Open category, P Sarasaphi Lyngdoh of St Anthony's and Gavy Jones L Marshillong of Nongstoin College won the first prize.
He said that on 13th July, 2013, the government authorities together with the village authorities inspected the land at Namdong and donated 75539 suare meters of land with a social agreement between the village and the government. The agreement said that the village can take over the land at any time if the government does not implement it at any time.
He said that as a member of the expert committee, he has been able to convince the members to increase from 50 lakh to 5 lakh speakers and that the language should be written at least years prior to accreditation.
However, he did not speak to the public during this meeting.
In a memorandum to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof P Shukla, NEHUSU has expressed its concern over this issue and demanded that the current grading system should be changed. The university is the smallest compared to other universities across the country.
“I don't have the money and the price matches the request of the sahep. It's this muid and so I brought it and put it in his car,” said Bhupendra Singh.
Police in East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District have arrested four persons in connection with a plan by the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to blow up bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh. who are involved.
Police are also continuing to arrest other members of the group who are still on the run from the police.
The bomb was defused by the police led by Additional SP Bibhuti Purkayastha.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, Manipur-N Biren Singh on Tuesday urged the people of the state to take special measures to preserve and protect the water wells that provide drinking water for all the residents of the state.
The KJBWA leader said that they have met with government officials in these days and the decision to continue or stop the strike will be known tomorrow or the next day.
The name of Bah Lynshiang has been sent to the State Election Committee of the party for approval.
“To accuse us of spending money just because of these people is wrong.
With these three goals, Chile have fought hard to prevent India from scoring.
The beginning of the establishment of the political party in Nongstoiñ Constituency, shows that the people have confidence in the leaders, although they have not yet been MDC or MLA leaders but they are still workers of other political parties.
Furthermore, the North Shillong MLA asked why even foreigners benefit from the special quota, which is only for the Garo community and why this special quota in the recruitment process. Thungjam is also related to the dangle reading line.
At present, there are 177 vacancies in the Home Guards Border Wing and once the ban is lifted, advertisements can be called for recruitment.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 6: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (MYC) Maweit Circle, has warned to take strict action against all those who carry and smuggle illegal cows on the Nongstoin-Maweit road.
“The HYC strongly warns the Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) not to start inciting religious discrimination in the State or India as a whole.
Latiplang said that Ardent as CEM is like a Maji who steers a ship to reach its destination, but in the midst of a few months, the ship has started. He said that his visit to the meeting was to set up those thliew which had fallen on the ship owned by Bah Ardent.
Members of Maitshaphrang, a social welfare organization in Meghalaya, informed the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) on 14th November on the need to implement the by the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act (MCRMA) 2012.
In addition, the complaint is also against the Managing Director, Badri Rai Constructions Pvt.
Others who attended the function included Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem as the chief guest, Bah Samuel Biam, President of the SSMP, Samran S. Syiem, Sengbhalang leaders and others.
Banrilang laughed.
Besides the village leaders including Bah Harkin Warjri, Sordar, others who attended included Bah Bankor Kurkalang, Chairman of the Committee, office bearers, students and teachers from various schools of the village and others. who conducted a cleanliness drive around the village in the morning.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Fredrick Kharmaw Phlang on Tuesday announced that 14 political parties have decided to suspend the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. during the Night Curfew from tomorrow.
Therefore, let us take responsibility for ourselves by obeying these rules and regulations and being vigilant and taking good care of ourselves.
The leaders of the Khambun live in houses with two or three floors and build pigs and cows with MLA tins. Those who oppose the MLA live in houses like pigs and cows with tin shi sheets. They didn't get faith until they gave up their blood.
From that time on, the Jews and Israelites did not have a Temple to worship God or to offer sacrifices to God.
Police have informed that if anyone knows or if any relatives know him, please contact the police by telephone at
It is worth mentioning that this school is one of the most prominent schools in the border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam, but it is sad to see that the children are facing difficulties to attend this school. for as soon as it rained heavily, the road was covered with hands.
The mistake of the Assam police is that instead of shooting at suits, they shoot at people.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, where they discussed many of the issues and challenges facing the area. The area has not yet been patrolled by the Police, but has been patrolled only by the residents.
On this occasion, u Sniawbhalang also inaugurated the rain shelter at Khnap Thangbru of Wahiajer village.
Bah Kit is survived by his wife and four daughters.
They also do not accept training or advice to improve in their favorite jobs and activities.
“Since the second month, there has been a doubt whether they will ticket me or not, and I have said that I am waiting for the party to take a decision, because I don't feel that the party will remove my ticket. I am the oldest member of the UDP, I joined the APHLC party in 1983 as an MLA, I joined the HPU party in 1994, I joined the UDP in the soul"he added.
The JYF and SBYWA have demanded that the DC should stop the UGO and remove all the new meters which have been installed in these 5 villages. light especially in rural areas.
Speaking to media, the President of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh said, “The government has requested us to suspend the strike for 10 months to consider the issue. the three claims.
The South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (SWKDBA) today congratulated and encouraged 13 badminton players from the South West Khasi Hills District at the Indoor Stadium. They will take part in the 28th State Championships to be held in Nongstoiñ.
The Dorbar Shnong would like to clarify that Monkiru Chyrmang is not from Pamrapaithlu and the Dorbar Shnong does not recognize him as the owner of the village. village of the village of Pamrapaithlu.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has awarded the Kayakalp Award 2022-2023 to Ganesh Das Govt.
Shillong, July 08: The result of the Under-16 Boys Football League 2023-24 tournament started today at the 1st Ground of the SSA Stadium.
At the meeting last month, when the government called to discuss the roster, the VPP left immediately after the meeting did not accept to discuss the Reservation Policy, but continued to discuss. just the roster.
D in 2011, one in 2012 and no Ph.D.
They are the people who dance, chutia and boon ñia, They are the people who are true, they are the people who want They are the people watlot, they are the people who chkeh.
Police have arrested Ajadul and the investigation is ongoing.
He said they will rely on the decision of the Governor to do whatever is necessary so that the MLAs who hold as Parliamentary Secretaries should be allowed to become MLAs. “I am surprised that there is no money to create jobs for the youth, to build roads, bridges, schools and colleges,” said Bah Augustine.
The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) has held its biggest mass protest in the state on 22nd June, 2022 to express its dissatisfaction with the government's silence on the demands of The party has been putting it before the government since
Do they have time to examine themselves, to examine themselves, to examine the words they speak and the deeds they do?
“The High Court has issued an order to set up Town Committees in Shillong and we want this order to be implemented in Tura.
The development of indigenous farming methods, organic farming, other types of fertilizers such as nano fertilizers and organic fertilizers will help in the restoration of the environment.
PC in connection with the detonation of pataka bombs during the Christmas and New Year celebrations in West Jaintia Hills.
In rural schools, especially those who are still in Class-IX, they send requests to their parents that teachers should promote them to new classes even if they fail in the examination.
It is prohibited to commit adultery and to break excess food without finding it.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the government's ability to pass the State Sports Policy which has been prepared for a long time.
Infantino was first elected as FIFA president at the Extraordinary Congress in 2016; After the signing of the resignation letter of its former boss Sepp Blatter and Infantino was able to hold the position without any opposition three years later.
On the other hand, there is also a widespread rumor that the ban may also be due to the presence of the tyngshop burning program of Sur Ki Nong Mawlai. open Judah.
(Ezekiel 37:1-7) The year 2020 is also a bad year because of the corona virus and how many years will it continue to be bad? As soon as the disease started spreading in the State, we thought only of loss and death.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya has held election campaign rallies across the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency to support the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh. .
“If we look at the number of colleges, we will see that there are many in Shillong or Tura and other district headquarters.
Guwahati: There have been 27 new cases of covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
If you're talking about drugs, marijuana, or alcohol, which are beverages that a person is more likely to get rid of, there are still ways to get rid of alcohol. However, when you start to feel the pain in your body, but drugs or alcohol, the problem in a person who is addicted is if he can't get it. The body is cold, he doesn't know how to sleep, he doesn't know how to sleep.
Today, some of those who blocked the highway in Sili, but the police, threw lathi bombs and drove away those who disrupted the traffic, but it was reported that the drivers of the trucks, did not work to go to the place, because of the anxiety of the commute.
Speaking at the dorbar, Chief Executive Member (CEM) Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that this discussion is necessary to oppose the Indian government's plan to implement the UCC to protect the privacy of the minorities. “We have brought this Resolution because we are a unique nation because we are rich in culture, whether it is in the ownership of land, the Khaddar rule by the Syiems, Himas, Raids, and others, in the longkur longjait, on the inheritance from the mother, on the language, on the use of the Khasi alphabet and others. "he said.
The leaders of the party urge and invite all the brothers and sisters of Hynniewtrep u Hynniew Wasa to take their time to come and encourage this party which is scheduled to start at 10 am. This is a statement from Rgh A. Rynjah and Kong L. Kurkalang, President and Secretary of the Seng Khasi Mylliem.
Many health-conscious consumers are looking for organically grown vegetables.
Jesus says if you love someone else before me, you will lose me.
“People who pass by instead of hearing the sound of market vendors and being driven by vehicles, will hear the sound of music throughout Khyndai Lad and it will also be a center of musicians as it used to be known. Shillong is a place for people who love music.
The One Day Nongthymmai Open Tennis Ball Cricket Tournament 2023 is exclusively for the residents of Nongthymmai Constituency and only Khasi children are allowed to take part.
While meeting with the MeECL chief in Umiam, the FKJGP leaders spoke about the problems faced by the people in the villages of Mawhati area, after the arrival of many people from the Mawhati area. The issues raised by these FKJGP leaders to the CEO of MeECL, are regarding the arrival of the List Disconnect to those who have already paid their dues. The electricity bill, the delivery of electricity to the households that are no longer available and the lack of information on the electricity bill of the poor households who have received through the Subha Gya (BPL) scheme of 10 bulbs.
In the second part of the day, a meeting was held between the leaders of the farmers from different units and many issues affecting the farmers from the price of mur, markets and hat, the destruction of the environment, the destruction of the environment, fertilizers, seeds and others.
There have been 113 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
In the midst of the protest by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to demand the amendment of the reservation policy, the President of the party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, has held an indefinite strike. Rakkam A Sangma, on 25th June, criticized the VPP saying that the actions of the VPP will bring trouble to the state.
Explaining on the unity of the jaidbynriew, he said that when the foundation is strong and the path of the leaders is straight in front of the people, the people will always give their support.
However, they should be shown to make them aware not to do what is wrong," he said.
In the incident, the Minister of PWD was not at home at the time of the incident.
Regarding the deaths of people on the road, we would like to urge the government and the PWD department to put up signs and road signs so that drivers can understand their driving. .
Regarding this deterioration of this road, the JYF urges the relevant authorities of the Public Work Department (PWD) and also the leaders of this area from the MDC and Local MLA to take action and This road should be built for the convenience of the people.
As the cooperation grew longer, Peter's fellow workers could not escape without talking and sharing stories among themselves when Peter did not hear.
According to doctors, heart disease is more dangerous than corona and other diseases.
It is said that Trump at this time, has denied and confessed all the crimes charged against him by the court in connection with his sending money to the prostitute. Stormy Daniels' in the past.
“All the four places are the headquarters of their respective regions.
The construction company has produced the prices of the 40 most expensive properties in India and Tardeo, which is a suitable place to live, with all the necessary educational facilities, Adequate hospitals, adequate restaurants, it is the most popular place to live and the price is T.56,000 per square feet.
Bapli in the crowd find it difficult even to read and write.
Let them do what they swear before God, for they cannot swear falsely.
"Dr Sailo, who passed away recently due to Coronavirus, has helped many people who are sick.
“The SNSBH expresses its regret over the situation in Manipur and strongly condemns the violence against women as reported in the media,” said the General Secretary. SNSBH, Bah RL Blah in a petition sent to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
She has lodged a complaint with the DC of East Garo Hills twice but no action has been taken.
Shillong, March 06: Police have thrown grenades at the Main Secretariat of the Meghalaya Government Contract Teachers' Association (MGLPCTA) , Shillong on Thursday, various groups came forward to strongly condemn the actions of the police and the NPP-led Meghalaya Government.
The deceased was identified as Rishanlang Muktien, 25, of Ladlasharai, Ri Bhoi District.
NEHUSU Vice President Samla Easterson Sohtun was seriously injured in a riot during the Holi celebrations at NEHU on Monday morning.
Chelsea will face Arsenal in the Europa League final on 29 January while Liverpool will face Tottenham on 1 July
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 13 : The construction of the 6.2 km PMGSY road from Athiabari to Umshiak village on the Meghalaya-Assam border has been suspended since the raid by the Assam police in
The French and the Dkhars didn't talk, they lived together, if they didn't belong to the family, they had to change their families.
Shillong: UDP leader Dr Donkupar Roy has rejected the suggestion of his MDA colleagues that a candidate should contest from an independent or independent ticket in the MP elections. he shall not fight against any party.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the truth about the incident which has resulted in the loss of one life.
In the first leg, the men's team lost to Mizoram by 60/82 points in Group-C. The women's team of Meghalaya will play against Telangana at 12:15 pm today. The men's team will play against Goa at 7 pm.
Of the 906 people, 19 have died.
“The DC has promised to provide financial assistance to us from the District Rural Development Agency scheme and the BDO has encouraged us to do this work through the MGNERGS scheme,” he said. The Rangbah Shnong while talking to Rupang reporter.
The fighting so far has been intense, as Ukraine has strongly prevented Russia from entering Kyiv.
According to the incident which spread through social media, two employees of the company were seen threatening the police with bomb threats against the protesters. the public hearing.
He said that he has concluded his election campaign in Tura Market because he has chosen to follow in the footsteps of his father. lest he try to follow them.
In the second match, Mukhla Raij SC beat Wahiajer SC 1-0 in a fierce match.
He said the vaccine costs T300 tyngka each and the government has already paid for 42,000 vaccines and this has reached T12,600,0
He said that this will help to solve the employment problems in the state.
The funeral service will be held on the 22nd of this month at the Presbyterian Church Rymbai.
It was also announced at the celebration that the Silver Jubilee will be celebrated throughout the year with various programs and will be closed again next year, to conclude the celebration.
Jesus is not allowed to call Himself a Leader or leaders in the Church.
Jesus had already foretold that those who believe in His name would suffer – “They shall deliver you up to tribulation, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake. JONG NGA" (And Ye shall be hated of all nations for my name sake).
He said that the party will discuss with the district presidents in Garo Hills before deciding to give ticket to the candidate. consistent.
Chyne expressed his satisfaction with the teachers' efforts to bring about education in the area where 77 percent of the teachers are educated and only 39 percent are children. who went to school for a while.
Similarly, the protest to expel the refugees brought by the Government of India to our country during the Bangladesh-Pakistan war, the protest to expel the Nepali and Bengali Dkhars who have grown rapidly and They started attacking the indigenous people and other protests which led to bloodshed and death in those days, and these same protests continue to this day.
The HNLC has said through the media that “the collection of each coal truck is in the plan of the Chief Minister, Deputy CM and Minister Korbar. State (Home Minister), and she also alleged that there is a terrible group of the MDA Government led by a few people' (Nongsain Hima November 16).
Although they lost wickets, Himachal Pradesh managed to reach the target in 23.4 overs.
“It is a matter of great concern that this kind of irregularity has happened in the state education department,” said the opposition leader.
The idea of ​​laying the foundation stone, creating Blocks, Creating Districts and Creating Divisions only during the elections is a spectacle, without any meaning.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The BJP leaders in the state under the leadership of its President Rangbah Shibun Lyngdoh have informed the public that the central government in its budget has allocated more funds to the farmers. many times what was used before.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the central government will soon release another Rs 68 crore for the payment of the remaining salaries of these teachers.
The funeral service will be held on October 15, 2015 at 2 pm.
The authorities will closely monitor the situation going forward," he said.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CWO) has lodged a complaint with the Divisional Forest Officer of Khasi Hills, Bah JM Pohsngap, alleging that Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Umroi, has destroyed the forests of Syllei-U- Lar in Ri-Bhoi only for his own benefit.
The JSU also sends its condolences to the family of Samla Lurshai Hynniewta and to the KSU. The Federation of Khasi States sends its condolences to the family of (L) Bah L Hynniewtrep, Sohra Headquarters.
According to the leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong Tynring, the area of ​​the land is about 3-4 acres and the Sordar without any discussion in the Dorbar Shnong, has acted alone by cutting down these land. and this place has become a syllen syndon now.
They said that later on, some trucks came to carry the stones which he had placed along the road but they did not know where they put them.
The three vehicles, including a Wagon-R, a Tata Nano and a Maruti Car, were parked near the road.
He said that if the government releases 2 lakh tonnes of coal, these factories will not need to import coal from abroad and East Jaintia which has up to thousand metric tonnes of coal has been mined and can supply these factories with coal.
Only Indian citizens need to apply.
JOWAI: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District, Ma LSN Dykes Garod. Other leaders and members of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
Police have not yet received any information about the perpetrator and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
These items have just arrived from China in the past few days.
He urged other financial institutions to come forward to contribute to the development of sports in the state and reminded that the Sports Department together with the MSOA have organized the National Games Summit 2019 in Shillong which has opened the door. He urged the MSOA to initiate and continue to monitor the discussions as part of paving the way for development assistance. you don't play.
Social Media in the past few days, has been filled with criticism against the State Government especially the Tourism Department headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh after the announcement of the Cherry Blossom Festival. beginning on November 17th and ending on November 19th, 2023.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle in a statement sent by the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle, Samla Edmund Khongngai, on Tuesday said that although the government has admitted that all the border gates have been closed, There are still many people in Bangladesh.
“If the Government does not forgive the taxes on vehicle license plates, we will have to go back to the law enforcement authorities, the higher authorities,” said Bah Wandonbok. the Government because how can we pay taxes on the days when we cannot walk.
It is believed that these doctors and nurses were infected from a patient who was admitted to the hospital and who hid himself, that he had the coronavirus.
The part of the Jaintiapur Hima (Gobha) north of Nowgong was merged with the Nowgong District and the part of the Jaintia Pargana north of Sylhet was merged with the Sylhet District.
The Chief Minister said that the government should take appropriate measures before reviving the khalai nusip.
Among these initiatives, Tuberkmaishnong Village has been selected as the Model Village and through this, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal has provided a suitable garbage dump in the village as well. The vehicle carries the garbage from the houses inside the village.
Shillong, November 26: U Bah Don War, of Mission Compound, has announced that he will contest the 2018 MLA election from the NPP 17-North Shillong. In a statement, the party said that this person, did not go to the Constituency Committee to register his name and therefore, it said, that a person, who goes beyond the rules and regulations of the party, will not be elected. cannot be accepted.
Other candidates from the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency include Bah Vincent.
Then they sat down bravely to perform the Tyngkoh dance and before they danced they thanked Rishot Blei and the Syiem Rangbah, then they danced Tyngkoh.
He said that the R&R Colony in Rynjah is known as Them Rynjah and in 2019 the R&R Colony has requested the KHADC and Hima Mylliem to recognize the R&R Colony within the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong. Rynjah.
It is time to review the Resolution No.PER.222/71/138 dated Shillong, 12th July, 1972 because (a) (b) 9 (nine) days before we get a full State, according to the law on the night of July, 20-21, , and just less than 2 (two) months, before the first general election held on October 9, 1972.
The European Mediterranean Seismological Center (EMSC) on Sunday said an earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale struck the Gulf of California.
It is for this reason that this road has been lyngkrang for decades without any maintenance.
At the end of the two day training, he suggested to set a target of 55 training centers with 55 blocks. lead the workers in the block to conduct the work.
On the other hand, the State BJP President, Bah Ernest Mawrie, today said that the statement that he sees from time to time is that there are some private people who want to remove him from office. as the State President.
Stang the power of Jesus and we have to support in prayers...We should encourage all those who have been infected with Covid to announce their names so that all those who have contacted them will understand to send for testing so that that it may not spread to others.
On the other hand, the MDC of the area, Bah Morning Mawsor, has already spoken to the SDO on this issue to seek clarification. He said he had no information on this matter and directed the leader to talk to the authorities in Shillong.
d) The inability to relocate metor drivers in Mawlong market area.
Therefore this young man has not done what is wrong, but has done what is right.
The bus (ML-05-W-3993) and the 16-wheeler (AS-01-PC-7426) were involved in the incident.
The actress died at her residence on 2nd July in Dahisar, Mumbai.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said, “I know that many people who are in their jobs have played football at this ground.
Speaking to reporters, Angela Rngad announced that she will contest as an independent candidate from South Shillong constituency while Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh announced that he will contest as an independent candidate from North Shillong constituency from KAM. Angela Rngad will contest against the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Sanbor Shullai who has been in charge of the South Shillong Constituency since
There was also a tribal museum which showcased the culture, crafts and heritage of the tribals.
The scheme has been implemented since
It is also reported that there has been another incident by the traffic police, where if they see a Sumo, which has gone up and down two or three times, they have stopped the vehicle and fined it without any fine. which is the reason.
At this public meeting, AJMRWLU also re-elected the office bearers for the term 2021-2
According to reports, it was the fault of the four-year-old son of the family.
“We want the recruitment process to be transparent and transparent so that young job seekers can be satisfied when they are looking for jobs and not to be disappointed because there are no officials to talk to them,” he said. not only those who have money to buy posts should end,” he said.
It does not grow well in Assam and Bengal, and therefore cannot grow well in Khasi-Jaintia. in India.
Speaking to media after a meeting with candidates and party leaders to discuss the party's preparations for the upcoming MLA elections, Mukul Wasnik said the BJP has suspended the party's preparations for the upcoming MLA elections. If it cannot win many MLAs to form a government, it uses its financial power to buy MLAs from other parties to join it.
Shillong, June 16: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) from Mawkynrew, has expressed his surprise over the news that both the PDF MLAs have joined the National People's Party (NPP). he said these things did not originate with them as owners.
“We are surprised how the former director has released a large amount of money to this company when it has deposited only a security deposit of T.2 lakh.
They understood that it was a great shame because such a building named after the hero of the state would show signs of corruption.
The book was launched by Pastor BR Pamshong, Retired Pastor of Ri Bhoi, in the presence of Pastor P.Nongshli, Tbn.T Nongkhlaw, other Pastors, Tymmen Basan, family members and others. and others.
Inside the land of Hynniewtrep we have many Himas and Elaka since ancient times and if we add these Himas we get the Khasi Hills and inside the land of Hynniewtrep we have many Kurs and Jaits and we will add them together. These tribes shall be the nation of Hynniewtrep.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has approved five issues at a meeting chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma at the Secretariat on Friday.
“He added and expressed his concern over the illegal entry of the mynder and said that this has really shocked us all and started to be dominated by foreigners. This is a drug trafficking, the surprising thing is that many of those arrested are foreigners and foreigners. “These are new tactics to involve the youth in drugs and when they get involved they will become slaves of the authorities and become slaves in many areas,” said the General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District. U Samla, Bah KS Suchiang, has expressed his concern over the government's plan to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District and said that the party will stand against this and strongly condemns it. “Even if we fall in the war and in the struggle, it doesn't matter, we will continue to oppose this railway line.” Speaking to the leaders and members of FKJGP, he said that the KSU is ready to offer cooperation at any time.
To be honest, Renuka still has to perfect her game.
Ms Tariang as the chief guest expressed her gratitude that there are such intelligent people who have set up such shops which can help to deliver medicines quickly to those who need medicines and medical supplies.
According to the KDA leader, there are 44,000 people with disabilities in the state.
The film is directed by Farhad Samji and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala Productions.
Sapna wants to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Mathura against Hema Malini from the BJP, but the Congress has announced Mahesh Pathak as its candidate yesterday. the day and this may have upset Sapna.
“With this increase, the government's revenue per annum will be about T.7-8 crore”.
They requested the public to inform the Secretary Shnong Umden Umbathiang – 8787388720, the wife – 6009570155, and the daughter of Kong Mishon. Shooting – 8837021564).
On the other hand, the East Khasi Hills authorities have vowed not to allow anyone who tries to prevent government employees from reaching their offices tomorrow.
In fact, it will be 1 month but God will not allow it.
Earlier, the VPP on the 12th of this month had given 48 hours to the Government to issue a notice to suspend all appointments until the Reservation Policy and Roster System have been finalised. '.
In the letter, he wrote that there are complaints that there are some authorities in some states who have violated the law by misunderstanding that they do not have an Aadhar number. to benefit from government schemes or other benefits.
If the Central Government wants to implement the CAA, 2019, exempt the North East and take them to other parts of India. If the Central Government still counts the minorities of the North East, it should listen to the demands of the people of this North Eastern Region of India.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 48, RBD: 20, SWKH: 1, WGH: 5, WJH: 2 and WKH:
The Director said that in fact the shohdoh is about 800 meters away from the Wah Umshing and she said that the inspection will reveal all the facts. Slaughter House is not, because there are many factories nearby, even in Slaughter House, the wastewater flows from the main road and the factories in the upper parts of it”.
When he finished, he read a thousand newspapers and fell asleep.
This remained a promise that did not see fulfillment.
Through the assistance of the police and the public, the bodies of these two men were recovered quickly for post mortem.
This is the second time that the CEO of Amway has been arrested. A year ago, Kerala police had arrested Pinckney along with two directors of the company for you don't need money.
Shillong, November 18: The traditional parties, in the past few days, have sought ways, in order to work together and nominate their synrop candidate, to contest against the Congress, in the elections. MP 2014.
How will phase 4 differ from other phases? The lockdowns in the last two phases, 1 and 2, have caused great concern and distress to the residents because the Government of India has ordered to close shops, churches, cinemas, winestore, sports grounds, schools, markets and markets and cars were closed.
Carlos Alcaraz won his first Wimbledon title and ended the career of Novak Djokovic, who became the most titled tennis player in the tournament.
Magic have released a new song called Expectations, which also includes a popular song called Kiss Me.
One bag was seized from Nongpoh, worth T.5.96 lakh, another was seized from Jorabat, worth T.1 lakh and another worth T.1.43 lakh. 600 and another bag worth T.4 lakh and the total amount seized by the police is T.6, 43,
The terminal and station will have 9 towers covering an area of ​​251.17 square meters.
"What are you talking about, Niakha, I don't know...?" asked the mother of Rida. to take away that shop in the market, because that shop my mother has given to my father so that he can support you and Rida.
In addition, the law protects our vote by having a law known as a secret ballot.
Shillong: The voters of Ranikor and South Tura constituencies will elect their new MLA today.
In this age of unemployment, almost all educated people have turned to self-employment by standing on their own feet.
He said that many of the people in the constituency want roads, because when asked about the needs in the villages, many of the village leaders said that the roads are the most important. Many of the villages do not have adequate roads.
He said the Cabinet has discussed and decided to launch the Meghalaya Human Immune Deficiency Virus Syndrome
Shillong: The National Students' Union (NSUI) Meghalaya Unit together with the students of NEHU on Tuesday met with the Controller of Examinations (CEO) to discuss the issue of Delay in the results of BA courses.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, one of the football stars of the State who has also represented India in tournaments, congratulated the MFA officials and the people of the region. Special thanks to the family of Bah EK Mawlong (Bam Kwai ha Dwar U Blei) for his contribution to the society. His son, Bah Andrew W. Lyngdoh, was also present.
Scholarly research has shown that Babel is closely related to the Babylonian Esagila which can be found in the religious book Enuma Elish.
In this ritual there are many rituals of cleansing, consecration and consecration in the name of God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit and will be witnessed by the Pope of India. , Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli, Archbishops, Bishops of North East India, Priests, religious groups and the people of God.
Vice President of International Relations Aziz Kozhambetov of the Kazakhstan Boxing Federation has sent his proposal to the meeting and the result is that Astana has been selected for the tournament. The tournament will be held next year at the Barys Arena.
At the end of the enrollment drive, before receiving congratulatory speeches from Oriental Langstang, BRP Laskein Block, the winners of Drawing-Painting were Evamgelin Suchiang, Muthlong Pioneer LPS, Emi Tang, LPS and Stevenson Kanai, Muthlongrim Govt.
Most of the pyrsut nar has been cleaned as seen in the Nongkrem and Nongspung areas but it is not expensive to buy or transport pyrsut or langlun nar from these areas to Rangjyrteh.
The film, directed by Pradip Kurbah, will return to Shillong at Bijou Cinema Hall from the 12th of this month.
Replying to this, Defense Minister James K Sangma said that on the border issue with Assam, there have been talks from time to time between the two sides. and it shall be discussed until it reaches the point of agreement.
Regards to the publisher.
“As of now, we see that we are financially stable, we are stable in terms of membership, especially the ability of the party to purchase new weapons. However, the Seng has not stopped working hard to revive the Jaidbynriew from the oppression, the brainwashing by those internal and external forces. The HNLC also announced that instead of the Hima Villages in Hynniewtrep Hills celebrating the Independence Day of India on the 15th of July, They should have celebrated the birthday of this unbeaten warrior as 'Wickliffe Syiem Day' who was born on the same date, the 15th of July,
The incident has spread to Mukroh, Moojem, Mookoilum and Deiñler Lamarang areas where the Karbi have alleged that the residents of Deiñler village have burnt down a cow herd and a house of another Karbi. In Inghinlangso and in these areas, the incident has also broken out.
Daniel Dann, former District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District, will be the candidate of the Indian National Congress (INC) from 2 Jowai Constituency. Men.
During the shooting, the robbers escaped and police recovered a .32 pistol and two bullets from the scene.
The two LAEF members were identified as Mingnam Sangma, 24, from Rongtu village under Bajengdoba police station and Sengrak Sangma, He was arrested from Garo Kaumari village in Goalpara district of Assam.
The Deputy Commissioner said that they have written a letter to the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the matter to avoid misunderstanding.
This is a golden opportunity for India to reach the top 2, and move up to another position.
Meghalaya will play five matches in the capital of West Bengal against Assam, Jammu and Kashmir, Nagaland, Delhi and Karnataka.
Mawkhar had to play with only 40 players, but Ryntih couldn't score until Wahlang scored the second goal in the 80th minute and the team won 2-0
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today failed to announce the candidates for the first list of the party to contest the Assembly elections. state in 2023.
Our purpose is not to create division or opposition.
Because as it is learned, Russia has not been able to take full control of these areas which it has annexed from Ukraine to date.
The juice of Soh Apul helps to fight against stomach problems because it contains sorbitol, which helps to stimulate the digestive process.
UDP candidate from Ranikor, Bah Pius Marwein, won by defeating NPP candidate Martin M Danggo, while Conrad K Sangma defeated Congress candidate, Charlotte Momin from South Tura.
On the other hand, Kynjaimon said that there has been an earthquake for several months in parts of the road from Malidor to Ratacherra and no action has been taken in this regard. NHAI should take action as soon as possible,' he said.
According to my opinion, it is the same.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle has demanded that the Minister of Rural Development, Prestone Tynsong, should dismiss the Junior Engineer (JE) P Kharmuti of Mairang Block on charges of corruption.
This ban will apply to all MDC candidates from Muthlong Sohkymphor. If any supporter or leader of the candidate is found to be against them, the candidate they support will be held responsible.
Be careful not to have too little knowledge and understanding.
Nongpoh: In a statement sent by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, signed by other party leaders including the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF, they expressed their strong opposition to the The MDA Government has decided not to open the Umtru Power Station at Byrnihat, which also generates less than 80 MW of electricity. The Power Station has been recently completed and is one of the many streams that help to operate the Station, through the Dam constructed at Narbong Village, Byrnihat. One of the longest dams to run out of water, because the rivers from Umiam which flow through the Power Station Stage I, Stage II, Stage III and Stage IV reach this dam in Narbong not only the Umiam River, but also the Wah Umiam. the Umtrei River, the Umran River and the Umpih River are many small rivers.
Tejashwi Yadav has slammed Nitish Kumar, saying that Nitish Kumar's remarks mean that he has insulted Prime Minister Narendra Modi, because even Modi has seven. four children.
Students who sit for the examination of this commission can also write in Khasi subject, such as IAS, IFS, NET, UPSC and others.
In another development, police have arrested a man from Ivory Coast and two Nigerians who were traveling by bus from Silchar to Guwahati. They smuggled into India via Agartala on 12th November 2019 and then came to Silchar by car from Agartala in Tripura.
Two of these people lost their lives and two others sustained serious injuries.
The ASHAs were the soldiers who helped and accompanied us and when there were any emergencies in the villages they went out especially during the lockdown to check those who were in quarantine.
Other reports said that Samla Kitbok today stopped his strike after being confronted by the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04: Many passengers today have faced traffic jam on the National Highway-6 in Khanapara area. The Prime Minister's visit to Khanapara, Assam.
Police have registered a case under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act against the teacher.
The allocation of jobs is based on need and is distributed to all districts of the state, without discrimination.
Speeches were also delivered by BDO, Bah B Sungoh and MDC Sherbor Lyngdoh Mawlong.
On the same day, the UDP has announced the name of Bah Matthew as its candidate for the upcoming elections from Mawphlang constituency.
The Congress has realized that it can no longer stand alone against the BJP and for that reason it has formed an alliance with about 28 other political parties and the group has been named the Indian National Developmental Inclusive. Alliance (I.N.D.I.A).
SB Kharbyngar said that there are 15 people staying at the Seng Khasi and they too have expressed that they have difficulty in paying their stay at the Corona Care Center as it is 380 tyngka per day. However, thanks to the generosity of various organizations and private individuals, we have been able to pay for these Corona Care Centers. The contribution has been less and it has been necessary to discuss with the Government how to help pay for those who find it difficult to pay.
In Garo Hills, the Sengbhalang has called for a night curfew from 8 pm to 5 pm on the 10th and 11th of this month. .
Regarding the scholarship, he said it is for Class-V, Class-VII and IX students. Cluster Amlarem constituency examination date will be announced later.
He said they have directed a government department to hold discussions with the district councils on this policy.
Therefore, they often hear of the change of businessmen of politicians because they have to meet the needs of the people and at the same time, it also opens the door for the rich to enter politics and contest elections. until it is burnt.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 26: After the protest by the people at the residence of the MLA of Nongpoh today, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that as leaders, they should not be slow on the demand to renew the Reservation Policy. This issue needs to be thought through and looked into accordingly, because as an MLA he will take this issue to the table of the UDP party which is still on the way to take action to discuss this issue.
They tried to set a boundary, but the residents of Ratacherra drove them away, they removed the boundaries, that does not solve the problem, there should be a real boundary; Then on that day, when they were holding a meeting before Christmas, someone told me, and those who went to the meeting there, that the Rangbah Shnong of Ratacherra, said that they didn't have anything to say. removed.
When these children had finished writing for about an hour and a half, some of them started to write answers to the questions in the fourth book and some of them started to answer the questions. questions that are written in stem paper.
In 36 Mawkyrwat Constituency which has 65 Polling Stations, the turnout for the seven candidates was 87.88%.
The Eucharistic Procession ended with the blessing of the Apostolic Nuncio to the people of God with the Holy Eucharist before the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar.
Shah said the victory should be implemented in the CAA, which he admitted that the smuggling of people and cattle smuggling is almost immediately eliminated and the identification of the rich. from other countries.
“As you know many political parties fail but to ensure a better and more complete dialogue, we have decided to send to all political parties the discussions at the meeting on the proposed law. the government to the village authorities.
Speaking on the number of cases, Dr War said that in East Khasi Hills District, 3 cases are from outside the state while 16 cases are from outside the state. High Risk Contacts of Positive Persons, including tourist drivers and contacts of positive persons from Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah, Mawlai Kynton Massar and Malki.
From time to time, the government has ordered and strived to educate us citizens on the need to get vaccinated along with following the necessary rules to protect each other.
For this reason, the council has to deploy its staff at these gates, such as Enforcement and Inspectors.
At this meeting, John Barla spoke about the working methods of the Government and the policies of the Prime Minister under the rule of the BJP government. and to the poor of the state and the country and does not intend to make them, who are just waiting like the Congress has done.
However, we should not forget on this day to pay tribute to all those who have been involved since ancient times, who have encouraged the practice of Yoga including the former Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru.
According to the rules of the Election Commission of India, if there is a vacancy in any constituency, an election should be held within six months.
And what ye shall see, ye shall not understand: for their hearts are troubled, and their ears are troubled, and their eyes are closed.
However, a few months ago, after his illness, he handed over the post of Rangbah Shnong to others and the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri has appointed Silverstar Kurbah as Acting Rangbah Shnong.
There was also a very touching song by the students of Synod College, entitled “Im the name of the name”.
Nongstoin, March 20: The Serila Iawphniaw Kur of Siejlieh, West Khasi Hills on Tuesday honored three youths who survived a drowning. The incident happened on the 2nd of March this year at a river known as Mawwiangdong in Nondien.
“Rhea is the murderer of my son, she was giving drugs, get arrested.
The One Nation One Ration Card has been implemented in the state as part of the opening up for the public to collect ration from any ration shop in the state and the country as a whole. To ensure cleanliness and accurate counting, electronic Point-of-Sale points have been installed at all ration shops. who don't have a state.
You need to.
In addition, a one day health camp was held in collaboration with Nongum Primary Health Centre (PHC), Mairang.
The FKJGP commends the unity and solidarity of the Naga people to fight for the rights of their fellow citizens who have been violated by the law enforcement agencies.
She said she left the party in 2012 when the Congress announced the name of the candidate for Mawshynrut Constituency. Sonia Gandhi wanted 33% of the seats for the Congress to be contested by women, and at that time she was the only woman candidate from Mawshynrut constituency. Shillong, the name of the company was changed to Bah Methodius Dkhar.
Besides, the government has hidden from the court the letters it has received from the Central Government and they have appeared in the last few months,” the High Court said.
The Community Hall cum Nature Interpretation Center is a scheme funded by the Government of Ka Khloo Blai Seinraij Kongwasan Chyrmang. '.
The complainant said that when the BSF saw them, they found that they were still involved in smuggling goods across the border after they damaged the nar rods. put in a culvert.
“There are groups from both India and Bangladesh involved,” said Hossain, adding that Bangladesh has met its own demand for cows.
The Organizing Committee, in order to improve the working methods, has formed four groups known as Latuthin, Lasyntem, Lasubon and Jaluba. ya I, the Redeemer of Tia Chaphrang'
JJ LyngkhoiThis article is dedicated to all those candidates who will contest and contest the MDC election from KHADC and JHADC which will be held on the 27th of this month in different constituencies in Ri Lum. Khasi Jaintia shall stand from different parties or shall contest as independent candidates.
“Those who use the jait na u Kpa will not be recognized as Khasi and the chiefs have been directed not to issue any citizenship certificate to them,” he said. They have been directed to check and verify the identity of those applicants.
In Jowai, 27 groups including MPP, 3rd Battalion, Scouts and Guides, Home Guards, NSS Thomas Jones, Kiang Nangbah and various schools participated in the parade.
The second reason why the Congress supporters have decided to leave the party is after discussing the work of the Mawkynrew MLA in the last three years.
Speaking to media, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, urged the law enforcement authorities to take action on this issue, as the party itself will not stand idly by to find out the truth about the this is your corruption.
The following are the winners of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association: GOLD MEDAL
The union has also prepared prizes for the winners including T.7,000/-, T.5000/-, T.3,000/- for the first, second and third place winners.
The MLA alleged that many development works implemented by the Meghalaya Government have been banned by the Assam Government and gave examples of four projects including the ICDS Building at Madan Umwang, SSA Lower Primary School. the JJM scheme in Jatalong and the Village Council in Umru.
The Seng said that it has witnessed firsthand the sources of karma that have been destroyed and especially the flow of water in many karmas which shows that there is a terrible jyrsieh. she lyndet.
He said that at present, there are no staff in the PHC and this has led him to urge the government to immediately send new doctors, including doctors. , Nos et al.
The JNC said that we should not wait until any incident happens and take action, but the most important thing is to put the precious human life first.
The slasha farm is located at Moorangtung Khanduli on an area of ​​15 hectares, at Mookyntian Khanduli on an area of ​​5 hectares and at Riat Siatmuid Khanduli on an area of ​​12 hectares. The Central Government has received T.2,69,07,309/-.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in a statement.
The meeting was attended by the residents of Mawsmai, the village secretary and the civil society. The meeting was held at the Roman Catholic School.
Nothing was found in the incident and the fire burnt down all the belongings as well as documents, clothes, and belongings. more than T.2 lakh.
Let me point out, from the Word of God, when the children of Israel had to cross the Red Sea, they faced a difficulty, whether they could stand forward or turn back.
In another incident, ANTF police of East Khasi Hills this morning, arrested a took who was trying to leave for Tripura from Guwahati.
Shillong, June 07 : The Alumni Association of Khasi College (AASKC) will hold a meeting on the 15th of this month at 12:00 pm to discuss issues related to the College.
While they were walking, Lydia suddenly said, “Hep u man u man...” She struck Hep's body.
During the discussion, it was also decided to continue working as farmers, as the government has promised to increase their salary which they used to receive only 1000 tyngka per month until now.
Shillong, Lber 31 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday slammed the State Government for not controlling the number of vehicles carrying over the border despite the order to all the Superintendents of Police ( SP) to take action against trucks carrying excessive crossing into the State.
Of these, 1462 have been prosecuted, 242 have already received reports and 147 are under investigation, said the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui.
On the opening day, Dkhiah West, Diengchynrum Rymbai and Wahshnong won the first leg, while Moopala SC and Chiehruphi SC drew the second leg.
Shillong, Lber 24 : The main reason for the decline in education in the rural areas is not only the lack of schools or teachers, but the lack of roads especially in those areas. The students have to walk through the rivers which are covered with siej from one side to the other.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr Wanweiroy Kharlukhi, while talking to reporters on 19th November, said that there is a need for strength from the North East in Delhi to hear the voice of the people. North East.
He said that as it appears, Modi's return to power will show that the people trust and appreciate his work in the past five years.
Regarding the athletes who have won gold medals for the state, he said that the state government has not done well or provided assistance to them compared to other states. government jobs for the players.
The rice was seized by the Boko police.
A few days later, HANM not only staged a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi, but also lodged a complaint with the Ministry of Home Affairs.
He said that the Government has already allocated funds for the construction of a road inside the University and the supply of drinking water.
However, one of the proverbs that says 'do unto others as you would have them do unto you' is important to remember so that we can be people who think far ahead before making decisions against anyone. that they may come to a good purpose by rewarding evil for good and this is the foundation on which we can build up one another.
Francis RR Songthiang won the gold medal in the 56 Kg category from Junior Boys E/KH (Shillong College).
The more you hide in the house, the more you will reveal.
In Byrnihat itself, there was no riots and it was seen that things were going smoothly as usual, but the deportation of foreigners and undocumented persons was very low. compare to the number of turnovers yesterday.
Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong will be the chief guest at the consecration ceremony, in the presence of the Bishops of the North East.
Assistant Finance Secretary- Heipormi Broom 7.
She said that from now on, there will be many tourists in the area and even from outside the state.
However, it is not a competent authority and is not subject to the provisions of the Land Transfer Act, but this Single Window authorizes to sell land to companies and others which may be illegal.
Mawtepiew, Naiwieng 6: The ration distributor of Mawtepiew, near Lawbah, Bah Harbest Shanpru, has harvested 5 kilos of rice and 10 kilos of sugar from each ration card of Shanpru has been doing this for 10 years since 2005 until today. The ration has been reduced by Bah Shanpru.
Even if only two members, the BJP can stir up trouble, just because it has the power to rule in the central government; Therefore, if we get too much victory, we will be able to overthrow the ruling district until the people's lyngwiar in the society is completely destroyed.
While talking to some of my friends in Sohra, they asked me, “Why, sir, the more patriotic organizations spread throughout the Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the more the country and the nation are deteriorating in many countries? cross.
Thank you to the Sengbhalang, especially the KSU Youth who have stood against this since ancient times.
Recall that in 2019, ISRO suffered a massive disaster after Chandrayaan-2 flew halfway before landing on the Moon.
“Besides, there will also be a General Assembly of the JAC at the VC's office after the meeting to share with everyone the outcome of the meeting with the JAC members, at the same time to decide on the next steps. from here on out," he said.
Police also recovered a knife and stones from their bodies.
She said the roster system should be implemented from 2023 onwards.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 14,446 and the death toll has risen to
Point of Order- Matjuban Pynjiari matters relating to the issues defined in accordance with the law contained in the provisions of the Constitution as passed in the Legislative Assembly and sent to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly for approval. The meeting shall be held in the synrop of all members of the council.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle led by KS Suchiang, S Bamon General Secretary KSU and several members have held a meeting and petitioned to demand an independent investigation into the blue color of the Lukha River. E Kharmalki, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, on Monday.
Isn't it a shame to the family, to the country and to the nation, that the husband takes away the honor and authority of the father, just because of their honorable marriage? I have no doubt that this behavior and actions of us Khasi has caused a lot of sorrow and grief in our own lives.
Shillong, July 06: The State Government on Tuesday approved the appointment of a Search Committee or committee to search for experts to be members of the Expert Committee appointed by the Government for the purpose of preparing the update or review the Reservation Policy.
“We have only 78 Enforcement Police, we need to strengthen this department,” he said.
The snowfall of the road not only causes pain in the traffic but also damages the vehicles especially the small vehicles which have to fall from the snow-covered areas filled with rainwater. Heavy vehicles have been parked in the wells and some vehicles have been damaged. It has been witnessed that vehicles have been parked in the wells in Khliehriat which is the Head Quarter of the District. in the Narpuh area and on the Tongseng Bridge and causes heavy traffic jam.
But this depends on their wishes, this is just my opinion," Singh said.
All the people of India are eagerly awaiting the outcome of this election, as they understand that this will be like a by-election to the big Lok Sabha elections to be held in June-June,
If all the Israelites who came out of Egypt obeyed God, the multitude would be the greatest in the world.
The Principal of the school said that the establishment of the school was a nightmare for him and he was guided by God.
This Shad Suk Mynsiem of ours also hides in it the dark lights of ignorance and misunderstanding.
So far, the Congress has not received any proposal from the AITC to form a single group.
The second and third place winners will receive cash prizes including certificates.
However, the investigation must be transparent and transparent in order to find out the root cause.
She alleged that the state government had asked for money from the central government to use the land vendors but instead used it to build a parking lot in Tura.
All this depends on their good performance and especially on the strong annual support of the people of the state.
All these are dramas just because the Opposition has united and called itself INDIA”.
The 16 boxers selected by the MBA include five men and five women.
The young man also wrote his own name on the piece of paper.
Congress candidate Pynthymmaibor Chyne said that before he contested, he was a well-known candidate and the people expected him to defeat the UDP, but only after the announcement of the UDP. He said that there have been many changes in the Shella Constituency where some Congress leaders and supporters have come to support him this time, not the party candidate although they have changed. don within the organization.
From time to time we have informed the CEM to implement the land least certificate for the registration of land in the KHADC, so that the people especially on the border can have the opportunity to register their land. If you register with the state government, the price is too high, but if you register with the KHADC, the price will be lower.
Thyroid dysfunction is caused by the inability of the thyroid glands to produce thyroid hormones properly.
Thank you. 30,000 people have died worldwide from the coronavirus and in Italy alone, more than 50,000 have died.
He also criticized the political parties for calling for protests such as village blockades and office blockades.
It was at 4 pm this evening that they saw the vehicle entering NEHU, so they went to stop, but one of the occupants of the vehicle got out of the vehicle and fled. He was arrested again from NEHU because he couldn't move the guards.
Dr Mukul's remarks came after earlier when he was the prime minister, he had immediately refused to accept the demand for ILP.
This part of the road here is the most suitable for a pleasant toilet because it is well flat, well watered and surrounded by beautiful plants and hills and is also a place where travelers do not There is an arch stone bridge that is still strong and can carry a weight of about 20 tons.
Emphasizing that the Congress does not care whether it is in the Ruling or Opposition, Pala said, “When we work for the people, we don't even think about the Opposition or the Ruling Party. we have the power to work, we work as much as we can, no matter what position we are in.
“The remaining areas of the conflict will be discussed in accordance with the procedure by November,” Conrad told reporters after the Cabinet meeting held in Shillong on last Tuesday.
Prestone called for talks with the FASTOM leaders and promised to implement their demands to increase the grant and also to increase their salary to 18,000 and to increase by 5% per annum.
You can include soybeans in your daily diet to get antioxidants from soybeans.
Surprisingly, fire trucks have been brought from Nongpoh, Umiam, Mairang and Jowai besides those already in Shillong and about 15-17 water trucks have been brought to the scene.
They also said that if they want the kyiad shop to succeed, they should go and set it up in Pahammardoloi, the village which has given permission to set up the kyiad shop, but not near Lumbyrhing and Umryngksai. The villages are against having Kyiad shops.
The Prime Minister said the reason for the government's visit is to build closer relations and to hear the feelings of the people of the country.
Or bad RUSSIA 2.
Rishotki S Dkhar said that the purpose of writing this book was after seeing the demand and need of many people especially in the rural areas for books to help them especially in the service of God.
The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the incident, which it claimed on social media.
Longer-term sodium content also increases.
The Word of God says.
The earthquake struck Assam, where houses were destroyed and several people were injured.
“We have been pouring out prayers for the well-being and safety of these guys and we are grateful that there was no tragedy on them.
KSU Shangpung Unit has donated money to the family of a 14 year old girl who was killed on the 12th of this month at a village under Phramer Traffic Cell, West Jaintia Hills District.
They cannot own any media, they cannot publish books, they cannot speak to the media and they cannot even appoint or confirm their family members in any way. the company they work for.
I firmly believe that God will not allow evil to rule over us.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Saturday said that Bangkok and other South East Asian Nations are close to Delhi from the commercial and tourism sector.
The Station Quick Reaction Teams have strengthened the implementation.
This lack of opportunity for their children to study here in Shillong, shows that the education here is not enough.
This was stated by Bah Macmillan Byrsat at the confirmation ceremony of the new office bearers of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) West Khasi Hills held on 23rd June 2022 at Bishop Hall Nongstoin.
This is an explanation of the writing on social media that has appeared these days.
If the yield of synsar is low (after 10 years), it will be difficult to plant other crops in those synsar hills because the soil is lyngki and ring tyrkhong.
People will find it difficult to buy land up to 100 (shispah) hectares and if they cannot afford such land they will have to sell their land to rich people or companies because of unemployment. It is better for them to own that land if they cannot get a license to mine coal.
At present, there are about 5.90 lakh households in the rural areas of the state and only 1.88 lakh (31.94%) households have been flooded.
“Many of the Village Authorities are not government employees and do not know the roster system and the Prime Minister has promised that if we are called, we will be given an explanation. “We have not taken any decision yet, we have only taken a decision to set up a Core Committee if they call and if they don't call, to prepare ourselves,” said Bah Blah.
This extended its rule even to the north of Sylhet where Jaintiapur was established as the capital of the Hima.
Shillong, March 24: The JYF and JSU have expressed their opposition to the Meghalaya Landlords and Verification of Tenants Act 2013, saying that the Act confuses the people. lessees and tenants.
Meanwhile, the Congress and UDP have sent their representatives to talk to the suspended MDC from the HSPDP. He said that before he takes any decision and before he joins any party he has to ask permission from the people who are his biggest supporters.
In fact, on the 5th of this month, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that it has been decided to send only one petition to the Central Government on this issue by taking the opinion of the KHADC. all groups.
Leaders of the union had the opportunity to meet with Bah Paul Lyngdoh on the day he went to inaugurate the footbridge at Sahksaw village and the union submitted a petition to Bah Paul with their opinion. East Jaintia Hills District has been asked to allocate funds for the construction of a Rehabilitation Center for drug addicts as East Jaintia Hills District is one of the most affected areas.
The Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya, Kong Idashisha Nongrang on 30th June 2013 held her first meeting with the people to discuss the problems faced by the people and issues affecting the people. The whole state.
After a while, two players of Umrit managed to catch the ball and couldn't score, but Khimlang managed to score.
Shillong: U THS Bonney, who has filed his nomination papers as the candidate of the KHNAM, will now contest as an independent candidate. The CPI has withdrawn from the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
After completing a survey on the quality of MSME jobs in India, after receiving responses from about 1 lakh respondents from 16 industries in Vi Business has expressed its readiness to digitally transform MSMEs. The survey aims to understand the confidence in the digital transformation of MSMEs in 16 industries. or industries, including media or communication, entertainment or entertainment industries, manufacturing, IT, educational institutions, service-related activities, banks, construction-related industries and mining-related activities.
However, the BJP leader did not rule out cooperation with the ethnic parties before or after the elections.
However, the Assam government has not been able to admit its mistake in forcibly transferring this land to United Cachar & Mikirs Hills and has issued another Notification No.RSR. /296/51/130 Dated 13.3.1957 to call the complaint if you have any comments.
Speeches were delivered by Selmim Lyngdoh, Secretary, MSSDS, Rilinius War, VEC and Dasumar Shylla, Village Secretary.
Speaking to media, after opening the membership meeting of the people of Nongthymmai Constituency to the TMC, which was held on Monday, November 6, 2021 at Windermere, Bah Charles Pyngrope said: He said that there will be no problems for the AITC in 2023 especially in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia because the people look after the person and the party comes later.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that Randeep Singh Surjewala's statement is a misrepresentation and this may be the reason why Sushmita Dev has left the party. loss of senior leaders, or it may be that MLAs have left the Congress and joined the BJP in Assam.
It is through these groups that the people will learn that there is a snaïap scheme or schemes given to people who do not have names in the villages or in the community.
However, as Christians, the message we must proclaim/spread is that when we see these events we should not be surprised but rejoice that the scripture has been fulfilled and that the One who is coming is near.
“If such proposals come, I have to consult with many churches whether from close friends, family, leaders and supporters.
“This threat of the HNLC cannot affect the minds of the people or violate the rights of the people in the state,” he said.
Young Badminton player Priyanshu Rajawat's journey in this year's Orleans Masters from start to finish has been smooth and successful as he has won the title. He won the trophy after winning the final against Denmark's Magnus Johannesen.
Nongpoh, March 13: The residents of three villages in Umden area, Ri Bhoi District, today held a meeting with Dr. DD Lapang, MLA Nongpoh. Constituency, he laid the foundation stone for the construction of the road connecting Umlakhar to Umdohkha and Umlakhar to Umtrai.
One of the 10 escapees said that they were released on the grounds that they had no intention of killing the animal, but because it was caught in the wildlife sanctuary. ksing ngap and other agricultural products in the village.
The incident happened on Tuesday near Singavatnam in Kurnool district of Telangana.
The ICYM Jowai Diocese invites all the Catholic youth of the Jowai Diocese to come and take part in this annual sports meet.
“Mairang has a district where the MLA leads and not by sending only the people,” he added.
On the last day of the Budget Session on 28th October 2023, a heated debate was witnessed as the opposition continued to criticize the ruling government on the working methods of the police force and secrecy. The death of former member of the armed group, Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
He said a delegation from the MDA had visited from Delhi along with the political parties.
He said that the process of demanding ILP by the state government, KHADC and JHADC is slow and the Prime Minister, CEMs, EMs and Ministers have started to increase the number of photographs without any justice.
The union sends a clear statement that the investigation will be fair and impartial so that a fair trial can be obtained and urges the authorities to take strict action against them. Otherwise, if this happens, it will cause a lot of anger and will lead to parts that are not appropriate for the society.
I have assured the KSU leaders that the government will conduct the examination in a clean and transparent manner without any doubt,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The Women's Wing of the HSPDP Nongstoiñ invites all the women and men as well as the youth to attend the General Meeting of the Party.
“The demand for Garoland has been a long-standing demand of insurgent groups like the Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC) and other insurgent groups from 1995 to
During the meeting, he congratulated and congratulated her on receiving the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2023 from the President of India Droupadi Murmu. program was held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi recently.
Allan K Suchiang (BJP) received 326 votes, Daniel Dan (INC) received 216 votes while NOTA received 423 votes.
The new cases are 399 from Kamrup Metro, 259 from Dibrugarh, 189 from Karbi Anglong and 181 from Tinsukia.
Shillong, Nailar 8: Every day of the death anniversary of Tirot Singh, many groups, organizations and others have come to commemorate the death anniversary of Tirot Singh by laying flowers. you Mot Tei name you.
It will be Schnellinger's fourth and last World Cup appearance since 1958, 1962 and
The money was carried in plastic bags that were not available when shopping.
This is the destruction of the soil, the destruction of the fertilizer in the soil, the depletion of water in the environment, the killing of indigenous micro organisms, the pollution of the air. , water, fish, wildlife and affects especially mankind and the working of the environment as a whole and such farmers are not the owners of the land but the They are the enemies of the soil and for this reason we are farmers only in name and not in deed.
The 2-day tournament started on 8th November 2023 and will end on 9th November
There was also an awarding ceremony for Felisha Kurkalang who won 6th Position in the SSLC 2023 and also for the players who have represented the state in various competitions.
We have been through many similar situations regarding illegally giving land to others, so we have set up this group for speedy action regarding these events.
“He said that there are officers in government departments who criticize people who do not have the power of sight to work when they cannot see.
Other small districts such as Riangsih and Jyrngam will also benefit from the transportation in times of need.
Then her mother forbade her to leave. “Yes, I won't leave tomorrow...” “I'll leave again...” The mother said again. ….
In order to carry out the plan to improve the roads, the State Government has prepared a site at Umshyrpi for the construction of a flyover.
Speaking to reporters, the President of LYWA, Bah BS Lyngdoh, expressed his surprise at the desire to introduce a 2 lane road in these villages which does not need to have such a road. He said that even the groups who claim that the roads are the roads for uranium mining but they are just talking nonsense in the name of development.
The DHS is also concerned that the explanations of people who do not know anything about the work of hospitals, by speaking against them, are very sad, he said.
Soon after the end of the pandemic, there will be a war with China.
After winning the toss and elected to bat first at the Nagaland Cricket Stadium, Manipur took possession before batting first and scored 253 runs.
He also concluded his speech by testifying in front of the people of the area on how to be vigilant against buying votes only for the rich and also that votes should not be given to the rich. who are the traders for wealth so that they can change how to transfer the money of the people to their own personal budget as witnessed among these current Government leaders.
In the first innings, Ranikor CC tied 112 runs for the loss of all wickets in 18.5 overs.
Buhpormi Myrboh scored the goals for Mookaswan in the 4th minute, Slim Myrboh in the 38th minute and Shailang Lawai in the 56th minute.
“I would like to ask Bah Paul Lyngdoh what he did when he was the Minister of Urban Affairs of the State Government for this land at Iew Themmawlong.
We don't know whether they are Kaikhlaw or a group of criminals, but we are sure that they are foreigners,” he said.
Tura, Naitung 24: The city of Tura on Tuesday evening, was suddenly stirred up by the people who were waiting on the streets for the talks between the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Sengbhalang, including the ACHIK. and other Sengs, have thrown stones at the security police including the security police of the Prime Minister.
Lyngdoh said that in relation to the Chief Minister Special Assistant scheme, such as the assistance to widows, the old age pension, the assistance to the disabled, the housing scheme for the poor. The government still needs to look into this, as many of the people do not understand these.
Jowai, June 23 : U Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Saturday inaugurated the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). ), he said that up to Rs 25 crore will be allocated for the improvement of the Kiang Nangbha Stadium Jowai.
Then the pyrem is the time when many animals such as skei, punkhun, jakoid and fish fly around.
Speaking to reporters, PAC Chairman Charles Pyngrope said that the summons to the officers of these departments is to seek clarification from them on all the shortcomings according to the recommendations of the Comptroller and Auditor. The General of India (CAG) has been appointed to the House this year.
Therefore, during the meeting with the DC, the Society gave him a letter in this regard.
“Dih Niakha...” said Rida. “Well, sit here, son, let's drink together.
On this occasion, the elders of the Seng Khasi Kmie held a religious service at Lum Sohpetbneng, Umiam-khwan, GS Road at 7:30 pm and at the altar of incense, of Lum at 11 pm followed by the distribution of rice and gold and silver water to all the guests.
Shillong: Pay For Right Shillong, on this occasion, has taken the initiative to hold a football tournament for the children of the state aged 6 to 15 years. to the NISSAN Junior Cup.
“We will raise no confidence in the EC after receiving the majority of the support of the MDCs,” former CEM Bah Pynshngnain N Syiem told reporters.
On 21.12.2023, the Chief Minister of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, has answered Question 2129 and has also provided the lists of States/Union Territories which have been fined by the NGT. until May 18, 2023 for failure to comply with regulations and violations.
The song was composed by Eldius L Mawlong and Banlum L Nonglait.
“Those present at the meeting were Gubind Taid, President of ITSSA, Kamala Kanta Mushahary, Secretary-General of ITTSA and Saraj Sangma, President of GSS, among others.
Defamatory posts removed from government sites within 24 hours were 323, from public sites removed within 48 hours 599 and from private sites removed within 72 hours
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District and accused the car manufacturing factories and fabrication factories of dumping waste in the Myntdu and Umiurem rivers.
After this, they collected the items donated by the Seng such as clothes, WECard, which is a card to provide 1000 tyngka per month to women and MYECard, which is a card that does not provide assistance to women. 1200 tyngka per month to the youth and other clothes received from the Seng as a sign of support for the party led by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
If this is the case, how can the people trust the police who have been appointed to serve the people in times of emergency especially such as this house fire.
We would like to express our gratitude to our relatives, friends and neighbors who have been with us at this time.
At, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA, Member Legislative Assembly for East Shillong MLA Constituency, “Dei Ngi”, 66, Nongrim Road, Shillong – 793 003 (Meghalaya-India) The Federation of Khasi States would like to express its gratitude to you for your presence in the Meghalaya Assembly on the 11th September , a Resolution on the urgent need for special protection under Article 371 of the Constitution of India, on the basis of the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed between the Government of India and the Khasi States and signed by the Governor General Shri C Rajagopalachari on 17th August
One of the Rangbah said that it was while he was staying at the house of the jobcard worker that she found the fossil.
Shortly after, Bah Pynshai said that the KHNAM and HSPDP are national parties which stand on the foundation of the nation and the principles of these parties are almost the same.
The lungs are the parts of the body that help us to breathe.
The decision was taken after the Cabinet approved the National Law University Ordinance
Today, we see leaders whether they are political leaders or civil society organizations or voluntary organizations or other types of organizations also expressing their own feelings and their own principles when there is a protest against the The needs of the nation are not only limited but also in times of ethnic or religious discrimination.
Those who wish to buy the shops can call 8132924995, 9612853307,
On the other hand, Bah G.Syiemlieh President of the NNSSCC in a statement, informed all the football fans from all over the country, to come to New Nongstoiñ Stadium on Saturday to witness this match. The kick off will be held at 1:50 pm.
According to a letter received by Bah Curtis, Syiem Petrick issued NOC to Assam to build a road on 25th November, 2016 in Patgoan area and sold T.2.30 lakh for the land. 73899 sq mt at Patgoan, Birpara, Ri-Bhoi District on 1st November 2014 at Patgoan, Birpara, Ri-Bhoi District.
Jowai, Naiwieng 30: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie in a statement today expressed its deep sorrow over the turning blue color of the Lukha River, which is one of the most famous rivers in Jaintia Hills. and there were many villages in the midst of it.
In Williamnagar, MLA Marcuise N Marak was the first to raise the flag.
In a letter to the President, the UDP wrote that the President should take action and remove Dr. Mukul Sangma from the post of Prime Minister to allow the investigation. The party responsible for the state and the country is deeply concerned about the state of peace, democracy and bloodshed in the state especially in Lum Garo which is the residence of the Prime Minister.
Ben Haden N Marak was the leader of the TDCA bowlers after bowling five overs for 3/9
One of the leading telecom companies, Vi has launched another initiative for the first time, 'Choice'
It was sent aside and sent away.
It is to fulfill within those seven years what Daniel calls “the last days.
On the NPP side, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Transport, Community and Rural Development and others, JHADC Chief Executive Member Thombor Shiwat and NPP MDCs came to campaign. On the other hand, the HSPDP President KP Pangniang, Samlin Malngiang, Minister in charge of PHE and others came to campaign.
Danggo said his supporters have suspected that the NPP does not want him to win the election.
On the other hand, Albert Maring said that Ri Bhoi District needs to upgrade the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division and the C&RD Block Bhoirymbong to Civil. Sub Division for the people of Eastern Ri Bhoi.
He said that according to the Government's budget, 11 Medical & Health Officers and 4 specially trained doctors have been appointed – 2 for children and 2 for women. and mother.
Through this Facilitation Centre, it will be of great help to those who have returned from other states, because if they need to get any assistance, they can contact the Centre. Meghalaya Police.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: Police from the Wildlife Department of Jirang Beat, Nongpoh Wildlife Range, this evening at 7.30 pm, have arrested seven illegal wildlife poachers and seized They also seized five rounds of ammunition from a place known as Umiewsier, Mawdem, Ri Bhoi District.
“For me, anyone who fights against me is a skilled fighter so I don't count sting even if I am the President or the Prime Minister because I know that I have to. I don't want to be stingy, I don't want to fight stingy, I want to fight for a glorious victory.
If the railway line from Kolkatta to Mahendraganj in South West Garo Hills is constructed, it will reduce the distance from Kolkatta to Garo Hills by 500 km. Tripura, Mizoram and other North Eastern states by train to Kolkata.
According to the union, pork costs 300 to 400 tyngka per kilo, beef 500 to 600 tyngka per kilo, goat 700 to 800 tyngka per kilo, broiler 300 to 320 tyngka per kilo. kilo while the price of fish reaches 350 tyngka per kilo.
Manusamy, from Salem, Tamil Nadu, tells of her experience as a young lawyer from a backward family. or Dalits.
In the final of the Under-14 category which was held on the 15th at 1:30 pm, Team C under the captaincy of John Sohkhlet defeated Team B. Michael Buhphang scored 5-4 goals through the tie breaker.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to more than 20,000 in Europe, Italy and Spain, with more than 800 deaths a day, bringing the death toll worldwide to 30,0 .
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday urged the State Government to set up a special committee comprising of leaders from Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills. Experts to review the Reservation Policy.
It is the parent party of the BJP, the RSS and other Hindutva groups that promote Hindi throughout India, a multilingual country.
The MDC said that these residents have already returned their EPICs issued by the Assam government.
The life of the youth who are looking for jobs in these days has become a lot of trouble and difficulty especially for the poor.
According to the Sordar Mawroh, Bah T.Sohshang, no one saw how the vehicle hit the Longkmie, but it was only when a vehicle followed behind was found that those inside the vehicle were killed. The woman was found lying on the ground and did not know anyone. Immediately, the villagers who farmed near the road came and informed the family members in Mawroh and took her to Markasa PHC. The victim was rushed to Mairang Civil Hospital.
The Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah said this is a special milestone in history.
Today, before July 3, 2019, Amitabh Bachchan wrote on his blog to tell the story of his meeting with Jaya.
He said that many of the supporters from other parties have come to join the NPP. The Sengbah ki Nongshat Nongkheiñ has held its annual ceremony. day in Bañiun to pray to the Creator to grant peace and harmony in the society and to protect the nation.
The Word of God also does not accept the Khasi-II surnames Lyngdoh, Nongrum, Kurbah, Syiemlieh, etc., while the seed and engineer are from Bangladesh, Punjab, Kharmetor, China, Nepal, Bihar, Assam. , Khaitpohjar and so on.
I spoke in 2008 at a women's meeting in Shillong, in the presence of women from other states, when I praised and honored that we as a nation, take our ancestry from the mother and women of we, they hold a special position and honor in our nation.
Police have taken the remains of Bah Ronning Nongkynrih to the Civil Hospital for post mortem and the investigation is ongoing.
Special flights to transport the Meitei students and workers in Mizoram will be from Aizawl to Imphal; from Aizawl to Silchar, Assam.
cases in South West Garo Hills and 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the CEM of the Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that as a pilot project, they have started a Resource Recovery Center for the separation of rotten and non-rotten waste. .
The time has come for these countries to attack Israel and it is not long.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: The St Joseph Higher Secondary School Nongkasen, on Tuesday awarded the prizes to the students who have achieved their goals. This year, the school held a ceremony at the school.
And in the coming days, we will take a decision soon on this,” Rakkam said.
In the past few months, the NPP was the first to remove the Mawlai MDC from the UDP but this has not allowed the UDP to replace him from the party. The contest in the upcoming elections will be between the UDP, NPP without counting the Congress and the All India Trinamool Congress.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naitung 27: The Seng Samla Shnong Mawten today in a spirit of joy and pride welcomed and honored the two youths of the village who came together. They won the WAKO India Children, Cadets & Juniors National Kickboxing Championship held in Kolkata, West Bengal.
The M:18-SSO expects that each village within the boundary of Mawlai Village will have at least one team.
On Friday evening, the PDF group met with the Governor to request him to expedite the passage of the VAB. The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC and Chairman of the PDF, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said this while talking to media after meeting with the Governor this evening to explain the rules of the VAB. According to the CEM, the meeting was pleasant as the Governor welcomed their visit.
Speaking at the North East Food Processing Conclave in Shillong, ICC Regional Director Ishantor Sobhapandit said that Meghalaya is a rich state in fruits and vegetables such as sohtrun, sying, synrai, kait, sohniamtra and others but because they do not have an adequate market, their income is not very profitable.
Until Jesus came to earth in Israel, the Israelites did not believe and accept Him.
He said the KSU also demands that the government should exempt the villagers of the state from the Residential Bill.
He said that the railway line will facilitate the import of goods and will make it easier for goods to be transported abroad.
He said that the negligence of the state government to provide roads in the area since the past, has caused the residents of Kyrshai to face problems.
“If the remaining money is used to pay salaries, their salary will be 15 months, not just 11 months,” said the employees of the Board. The remaining amount to be deposited in the Employee Provident Fund (EPF) is T.40 lakh.
Assam Police have ordered Meghalaya Police to leave the area immediately as they have not received permission from the district authorities of West Karbi Anglong District.
Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday said that the lack of peace and order in the state is not due to the failure of Lahkmen Rymbui as the Minister of Home Affairs of the state government. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma's desire to run all government departments alone.
Leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Umchynrut Area, led by Kitboklang Sangriang Shongknor and Brostar Tyrsa Secretary, said that they have recently visited the JAC to submit a letter. A copy was also handed over to the Executive Engineer of MeECL.
When we entered the month of March, it was time to take our first examination in class.
If a woman gets married during her working hours, she loses her job as a driver and these women receive a salary of $ 30 per month and also receive accommodation, land adequate treatment and then received more food, by 300 grams a day, than the male policemen.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills has issued an order directing all commercial taxi drivers to stop operating if they are infected with conjunctivitis.
“They are too eager to speak the language of others.
I believe it is God's 'Plan' to hide the day or date of the second coming of His Son, Jesus Christ.
He said that the party cannot just listen to the problems of the brothers and sisters, so the party helps with its little strength and wishes the family that God will help them to get the relief of those who have lost their lives. Now.
According to residents of the area, a Scorpio has been parked on the side of the road near the Guslara Bypass in Birbhum district since Tuesday.
It is also forecast that in other parts of the state, there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms.
Nongstoin: The Fit India Campaign sponsored by the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sanghathan (NYKS) Nongstoiñ has been held at the Porniangkhong Sports and Cultural Club (NJC) on Tuesday.
“However, the MLA and MP elections differ in one way,” she said.
There are 15 deaths including three in Ribhoi, one soldier and two civilians.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident after many MLAs and government ministers received letters demanding T.10 lakh as tax to the party. .
The prayer was opened by Bah Donnokstar Kurkalang, Lyngdoh of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, to pray for the Lord to deliver us from all the tragic incidents of that day. which shall make the Shad Peace of Mynsiem.
Before demanding this proposal, the union had closed down all the offices of the company and sent out its employees. After the closure, the company called the union to talk and promised to implement and accept the demands of the union, but asked for 20 days from the company. said S.Prasad, one of the heads of the company.
Many of us misunderstand and think that the old things are obsolete and the new things are the best for us.
The re-polling was conducted at 89 polling stations in Nadia, North 24 Parganas (46), Uttar Dinajpur (42), South 24 Parganas (36), Purba Medinipur (31) and Hooghly. (29), said the authorities.
The plane flew at an altitude of more than 2 kilometers above sea level and at a speed of about 800 kilometers per hour.
Delay in diagnosis, medication errors, and co-occurrence of other diseases such as diabetes, TB resurgence, drug resistant variants, lack of accredited laboratories for drug sensitivity testing and malnutrition on the basis of Lack of income is a real challenge to Tuberculosis Control programmes.
To learn more about the life of this singer, Rupang spoke to the current Tymmen Basan of Lumshnong, Ma Wompher Kyndoh. he's old.
Shillong, November 21: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday said that no new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Tynsong congratulated Dr Massar for her contribution to preserve the name of the village through this book.
Let us turn now to our own country, the country of our Khasi Pnar.
They have ears, but they hear not; they have ears, but they hear not.
However, gradually these buses disappeared and were never seen again.
The Chief Executive Members, such as Doloi, Syiem, Sirdar or Village Authorities do not have the authority to issue trading licenses to the mynder, as only the District Councils have the authority to do so.
100m backstroke3
At the same time, the union urged the Ministry of Labor and Employment to register their names under the E-Shram.
Please come to the office to talk and do whatever is necessary.
Replying to the criticism of the NPP, Pyniaid said the NPP has its own principles, and perhaps it cannot be sufficient as a party and other political parties are not sufficient.
North Garo Hills started well in the first innings and managed to reach 87/2 before the remaining five wickets fell for 24 runs.
In fact, three Sub Inspector Police Officers of Shallang Police Station have been suspended on 2nd June 2023 and lifted on 11th June
The foundation stone of the stadium will be laid on the 5th of this month by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri.
Shillong, Nailur 05 : The MLA of Shillong East, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the political spirit of distribution of assistance to the residents should be eliminated to ensure that those who deserve it receive the assistance. It doesn't matter whether they support or not.
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, has closed down the Rana Compound and Md Salim Compound in Lower Mawprem since 2013 due to the presence of covid-19 cases. 21st April 2020.
He said that the appointment is only for those who know each other and have a relationship with them for more than five years.
“The introduction of the amendment to the Land Transfer Act has greatly weakened the law on the purchase and sale of land in the state where foreigners can buy land in the name of Power of Attorney. through companies, religions and other means while the indigenous people are increasingly landless,” he said.
The 25-year-old will receive financial assistance from the Target Olympics Podium Scheme (TOPS) for this year's tour as well as after the Olympics. Last year, he won the same section at the same stadium in Turkey, and this year he will prepare for his trip to Turkey by leaving his home country. of the country on June 1 and will last until January 31, 2023.
During these years, Bah Rudi Warjri has held many positions in the Government of India in various positions and around the world including as Ambassador of India to Peru and as Ambassador of India to Peru and as Ambassador of India to Peru. High Commissioner.
More than 140 schoolchildren have been abducted in Syria today to be trained as militants, according to a report.
Adelbert Khongshun scored the second goal in the 10th minute and Thymmaibor Mukhim in the 71st minute.
“We will be vigilant and the police will ensure that all its security agencies will be vigilant and vigilant across the state,” he said.
The Jews believe that God, or Yahweh, alone, created the heavens, the earth, and all things.
“Shuh, shah, if you (Tynsong) as chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC) have said that you don't have time (to discuss this issue) then who will give you the time,” said Nongrum. .
Reverend Thomas came to Sohra in
Nongpoh: Hundreds of members of the KSU and RBYF, who were planning to hold a rally at Ummat Block-2, were blocked by the Assam Police when they arrived at the village. Winter.
In another development, the HYC Mawlai Circle together with the FKJGP Mawlai Circle, have joined together to lay flowers to the great thinker of the Jaitbynriew, Myllung Soso Tham, who has passed away on his 76th birthday. you are not of this world.
En bloc – A coalition of members of the Legislative Assembly to support any important social activity that must be through the laws governing society in the state.
Economics 101- value depends on supplyMore the supply less the value.
“There are 72 Adivasi Khasi households in Jhimai and they will lose their land because there is an attempt to confiscate their land,” said Sanjeeb Drong, General. Secretary of Bangladesh Adivasi Forum.
In fact, the state government is pleased to receive these vehicles from the central government under the Jawahalal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme with the aim of providing services to the people of Meghalaya. Shillong, but you are not like that.
Rupang has received information from the latest news that the reason for the refusal of the Governor to accept the decision of the state government to appoint an administrator in KHADC, is because the BJP leaders have A message has been sent to the Governor to consider the matter before taking a decision.
After the incident, the KSU Mawkhar Circle has sent for the collection of their belongings and has warned them not to stay inside the market without permission from the KHADC.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Babu Andreas Sun, Secretary of the Lyngwiar Sain Pyrkhat for the Future, which is the party preparing for the 2018 elections, said, “This is the first time that the people they came to the house of the man.
When the police and BSF arrested them, the drivers and followers managed to escape.
In the women's semi final tomorrow, St. Anthony's College will play against Seng Khasi College and Lady Keane College will play against Shillong College.
If I am a Khasi, I have to be a Khasi.
For the MDC ticket 2019 in other constituencies, Adelbert said that KHNAM has invited all those who wish to apply for tickets but before announcing the candidate it will select carefully and look into the candidate. the foundation of man that shall not be destroyed.
Sharif said that the achievement of this child has brought fame and glory to Pakistan at this time and has led the way and set an example for other children and students of the country. to follow in her footsteps to work hard in their studies and jobs.
Two other seriously injured persons were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. They were identified as Pynshai Nongsiej, 26, resident of Mawmawah and another. The victim was identified as Wallambok Lyngkhoi, 24, resident of Laimer Upper Shillong.
“There will also be hostels for the students studying at this centre,” he said, announcing that the hunar hub is one of the largest health centers in the North East. other.
The relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint at Shallang Police Station and police have registered a case on the incident. chess to find out the robbers involved in this crime.
Through the order, which was issued by the court, Jonsson, was able to return home later and this brought great joy to her.
‘My people! At the same time, KHNAM has demanded that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and the Minister in charge of Electricity u Clement Marak to resign from their seats, because at this time, the people have been facing a lot of trouble, but these rulers have left the state.
Through this meeting, there was a heated discussion on the pollution of the river, as the pollution of the river has affected not only the death of fish in the river, but also the death of fish in the river. The residents of Nongpoh area have been affected by the floods, as water has been distributed to many villages in Nongpoh.
The tyngshop was built to hold the soul before it was burned.
She said it was necessary to do this because the task to be done is more difficult and until now, only the Chief Information Commissioner, Bah Nongpluh, is in office.
However, we look at the truth and these shortcomings.
He said that the NEP has a multidisciplinary scheme which means that students who study in any field can take any subject that has the prospect of getting a job.
He said that Shillong Lajong's appearance in the second division of the I-league will attract more talent from the state.
However, the union did not specify the payment method for each position in the report.
Nongstoiñ: On the night of the 27th of this month at about 11:00 PM, the Special Cell Nongstoiñ Police on receiving a tip have arrested two drug traffickers from one of the places near Wahriat.
At the end of the ceremony, the Basan Rangslang of the Raid Mawbuh, the Basan Rangslang of the Raid Mawbuh, the thanksgiving ceremony was performed by Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang. Rgh O. Pyngrope Vice President of Khasi Kmie.
The voice so far is that in all the three constituencies, the NPP will win without any problems.
The tournament was organized by the Leongthang Shotokan Karate Association, one of the units of the Assam Karate Association.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : There have been 69 applications from private individuals or companies applying for permission from the State Pollution Control Board (SPCB) since 2018-19 so far for the setting up of factories. Coke in the state.
But there is no inheritance.
For that reason, the Indian public cannot understand the threat of nuclear technology.
Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian, has been explaining through the newspapers the principles and principles of the Seng on every occasion,” said a statement from the Seng Khasi Kmie.
Former GHADC CEM Denang T Sangma has lodged a complaint with Dy.Chairman Metrinson Momin not to vote for these five candidates. Rightious Sangma should go to the Governor because they have joined the BJP but have not yet resigned from the party at the time of voting.
On the same issue, the President of the BJP, Bah Khlursing Lyngdoh, today alleged that the BJP has also monitored and compared the prices of The BJP said that according to reports, the government has purchased 25,000 tablets at the price of T.8,990 each. The tablets purchased by the government have cost T.22,47,50,000, while the actual price of the tablets is T.6,850 each. 25,000 tablets All the tablets purchased will cost only T.1,71,25,0
It also sends its condolences to the families of these victims who are in great distress through this incident.
The meeting was chaired by the Commissioner & Secretary, Food and Civil Supplies Department, Pravin Bakshi. , Additional Superintendent of Police Bah B.Diengngan, General Secretary of North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union Ramen Das, President of Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya Bah Kennedy C Khyriem, President of Meghalaya Indane Distributors Association u Bah RL Blah and officers from the Food and Civil Supplies Department along with the owners of petrol pumps.
In connection with the exit poll, Oberoi first showed a picture of Aishwarya and Salman Khan, writing that it was an opinion poll, and then a picture of Aishwarya and him. he assumes it is an exit poll and the pictures of Aishwarya and Abhishek and Aaradhya and it is the result.
The soul of man does not die because he is a spirit.
Bindaskhem threatened to post pictures of her on Facebook and before doing so he stole the SIM card of the girl and threatened to go to her house and follow her. sha school doesn't read too.
In the first leg, Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain SC and Pamra Paithlu SC ended in a 0-0 draw but Rymbai, who had already won the points, managed to qualify for the tournament. .
Although the opposition of the Sengbhalang to build New Shillong on the land allocated by the government, in a letter sent to the MRD, the Prime Minister has requested T.350 crore for the project. He also said that the government does not already have the land to build the New Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Tynsong said, “We have already sat down to discuss and explain the roster at the Cabinet meeting, MDA meeting and All party meeting. It is understood that the implementation of the roster will be from the date of the court's order and we will go according to the percentage”.
Earlier, a notice was issued to Cannyson N Marbaniang, owner of Hills Cafe near Mahindra Showroom.
Sangma said it is the duty of the NPP to meet with various parties that support the NPP. “I have urged the BJP leaders to speak to the Karyakartas and the Presidents. of the mandals and other heads of leadership.
Such allegations, not only harm the performance of the soldiers who are working hard despite numerous challenges but also create unstable situations.
All other requests under the law are to be complied with immediately by the participants depending on the nature of the violation of the rules.
Halen said that after searching online, he found two training centres, one is DSK Shivajan Football Academy in Pune and the other is Minerva Football Academy in Punjab. Football Academy after completing a three-day trial and was selected on 1st July
The committee requests the people to come forward to express their feelings to improve the people and the rule of law in KHADC. Mawlai where more than 45,000 voters cast their ballots in the last MDC election and Laban Mawprem with more than 12,000 voters.
Through this programme, the participants will receive comprehensive and comprehensive training from 30 internationally renowned experts in the country on aspects related to agriculture so that One of the objectives of NAHEP to conduct such programs is to create a new course known as the Undergraduate Degree. Program on Natural Farming throughout the country.
