The main purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the public on the importance of treating drug addicts with respect and compassion or understanding of their feelings or experiences.
When the leaders of the Association met with the Treasury Officer on Tuesday to request him to release the salary as soon as possible, the Treasury Officer assured the leaders of KJDSTA that no matter what. The teachers will be released to the banks before Thursday, 25th June 2014 to relieve the suffering that the teachers have faced in these months.
He urged the residents to work together to promote tourism and also announced the construction of a road from Chyrmang Iongnoh and Mustem to connect the Dawki Amlarem Jowai road to attract tourists to create job opportunities.
Members of KSU Moopyut Unit: President: Standly Dkhar Vice President: Wanmi Kyndait General Secretary: Yophi Khyriem Assistant General Secretary: Lewis Khyriem Organizing Secretary: Lui Phawa Assistant Organizing Secretary: Khlur Dkhar Education Secretary: Treiki Kyndakhait Assistant Secretary Bor Edmiucation Executive Members: Akos Lyngdoh, Poibiang Dkhar, Nidwos Phawa, Harbat Kyndait, Mikit Kyndait, Shanbor Khyriem.
Earlier, Banteidor, Working President of the PDF, said that the party will take a decision on this issue when the time comes.
West Khasi Hills has no cabinet member in the MDA government after the resignation of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The Art of Giving is not a new way of working; it has been in the world for hundreds of years.
“We have not received a letter from the UDP regarding the mid-term elections in Shella,” said Hamletson.
“KHNAM has also met with the CEM to complain about the Hima's charging of fees when the residents go to collect the Pynskhem Durir for the purpose of registering land in KHADC. KHNAM has lodged a complaint against the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) on the Land Act 2021 which allows state owners to register their land with the KHADC. “There is a lack of consistency because this Act specifies how much they should charge,” he said.
Shillong, March 14: The Executive Committee of the UDP Ranikor will be held on the 17th of March at Rangthong near Mawkyrwat.
He doesn't cause trouble.
Nongstoiñ: A group of journalists from West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday, expressed their surprise over the reluctance of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) to provide information to the media. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Samgma, has visited the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ.
“Through the seventh chapter, it has been empowered to pass laws on trade but unfortunately all trade activities or natural resources have been taken away by foreigners.
If the children of the farmers do not return to their villages to take over the farming from their parents, it will not be long before the business of 'khar thied tin jot tin pei or nar lyngkhot lyngkhai will grow bigger and more useful to him because there will be more swords and spears.
• If they are positive, they have to be quarantined for up to 10 days according to the protocol.
Also present in the meeting were the CSWO led by Irene Hujon, leaders of the KJNU and leaders of the Hynniewtrep National People's Front (HNPF). strongly condemned the incident.
Prestone's remarks came after the High Court asked the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) whether it is ready to patrol to curb the smuggling of illegal drugs. coal in the state.
“Out of the 2117 houses affected, 321 houses have been completely destroyed, 1769 houses have been severely damaged and 24 houses have not been repaired,” said Ma Kyrmen Shylla.
They still think that even after becoming MLA or Minister, he can still speak in Motphran or anywhere else,” said Bah Hamlet while speaking at the NPP joining meeting held at Umlyngka Square.
The body of Tiklu Jyrwa will be buried on Tuesday at the Lumparing Presbyterian Church.
The Stone Mountain Confederate Memorial is a six-story building that is considered to symbolize racial discrimination in the United States.
Regarding the illegal immigrants, Biolin said that if the government implements the law, the illegal Dkhars will flee. Land vendors can sell openly without a license, even those from other states can sell land.
“Due to the severity of the corona virus in Assam, the Meghalaya government will not allow foreigners to come to Meghalaya except for those who come for unavoidable purposes,” he said. Prestone Tynsong said.
The tournament is part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the WJDSA. The following are the results of the finals in various categories: In the Under-13 Boys (single) category, Fadey R Kyndait Nehemiah JJ Tariang won 21/14 and 21/1
Rakkam, who congratulated the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who has been able to entrust him with the responsibility of looking after the department, said, “As the son of a teacher, and I have been a teacher. teacher, I will try to do the best for education in this State.
Coming was accompanied by Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein and Mawsynram MLA Ollan Suin. Officials included Chief Engineer AD Blah. , Superintendent Engineer Bah L Suting, Executive Engineer Bah ML Lawai, two SDOs including Kong B Hynniewta and Bah WL Nari along with Superintendent Engineer Bah N. Expenditure.
The Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary through its Secretary Dr. Manjunatha C. on the 11th of this month has issued a public notice ban ban the sale of meat and milk of cows due to the outbreak of rheumatism in cattle.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of PMGKAY Rice Free of Cost for the month of May, 2021 at Khliehriat.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi, on Monday, have seized a large quantity of explosives from a place near Nongspung C village, a village on the road to of Killing in Ri Bhoi District.
In fact, I couldn't help but smile when I was told that she had used the word 'Statesman', the word 'Policy' and the word 'Businessmen' more and more in almost every election campaign. that of i.
The government has insulted the poor, violated the rights of the rich and the poor and ruled the country, the people have worshiped idols and rejected the living God.
Shillong: Power Plus Gym Umsning on Tuesday held a Powerlifting Competition and the winners of this competition will be able to represent Meghalaya in the National Powerlifting Competition. Championship 2020 to be held in July in Jharkhand, India and other Championships.
The winners of the event were Charstarwell Rynjah from Sumo and Linus Tynsong from Indica.
“I want to bring this part of our U-17 team to strengthen from 2017, so that it can play well in the U-23 World Cup (qualifiers) because it is a good team. eh, but this time she has lost to participate in the Asian Games,” Stimac said on social media.
“When asked, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “We will have to hear from them (HPC) first and then we will inform what we should do and what we should not do.
Investigations are ongoing to gather more details.
The Civil Sub Division in Patharkhmah has been a long standing demand of the people for decades as the Dorbar itself has been demanding since ancient times on the need for a Civil Sub Division. about 48 thousand hectares, and there are about 110 villages and according to the 2011 census there are about 35 thousand inhabitants.
Endingborn Lyngdoh scored a hat-trick, scoring three goals (5, 26, 29) while Timmy Ryngkhlem (53), Embolden Phawa (72) and Sanhame scored each. Rows (80+).
Therefore, this marathon was held to raise awareness among the residents of the area and the State as a whole, that as residents, we should understand that climate change will affect the human life of this generation and generations to come.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, is also a strong supporter of the 'One Nation, One Election', saying it will reduce the cost not only of the Government, but of the political parties as well.
The Agricultural and Processed Food Export Development Authority (APEDA), which operates under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, aims to reach the target of USD 100 million by
The reason for the failure of the Swachh Bharat Mission is because the government has neglected Jowai and neglected the residents of Jowai.
According to a source from the Ri Bhoi Police, the woman stabbed herself in the head with a sdie while her husband was sleeping.
On receipt of the complaint, the police have arrested the father of the girl and registered a case under case No.41(10)1 U/S 506 IPC R/W Section 5(l)(n)/6 POCSO Act, and the suspect has been sent to court.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, the KSU-Nongstoiñ Pyllun has locked up a house in Nongstoiñ market, on suspicion of being a drug den.
Lapynhunshisha Sohphoh, Lapdiang Nongsiej and a dance by Maram Folk Academy.
The song is about the encounter between the songwriter and a young man who works in the port.
The six deceased include Rev. Fr. Mathew Das, Parish Priest of Barama Parish, Sr.
She said that the case is still pending before the Supreme Court and it has heard the case four times, first on 2nd November, 2011, then on 2nd October. , 2014, October 25, 2015 and July 11, 2015 and will be heard again on March 6,
LK Advani, Member of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Information and Technology, Government of India, will attend the ceremony. at Hotel Polo Tower, from 9 pm to 11 pm, where he will attend the meeting.
If someone doesn't give them money, they will be punished and shot and killed.
It was also this evening that the explosion of pataka bombs started and all over the places the explosions of patakas were heard, along with the colors of various patakas which exploded in the air.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the Pynthorumkhrah Block Committee and its office bearers, Dr Mukul urged the people of the state to come forward and work hard as employees and supporters of AITC so that the AITC can achieve its goals. to remove the BJP government and its allies from power.
Rueben said the DC has informed that the government cannot do anything yet as the land is still in the hands of the court and cannot do anything immediately.
“Until now, no leaders have come to comfort the employees of JHADC who are in need, because without money, life is in danger,” said Ma Pohrmen. They have not received what they are entitled to as employees of the Council.
Sadly, instead of standing up and condemning the criminals, we blame women.
Not only that, this condition of the roads in the border areas has caused problems especially to the sick who need to go to urban areas like Khliehriat, Umkiang, as well as vehicles carrying goods. farms to market places as well as vehicles carrying foodstuffs.
The FKJGP will not promise you peace, but remember that the Along and Police station have already waited for you at any time because the government has only one trick to intimidate the members by keeping them inside the houses. prisoner of mine, said Khongsit.
A woman has lodged an FIR against her husband for assaulting her by stabbing her with a knife after a heated argument broke out inside their home in Shillong.
After the trekking, a Free Medical Camp was held at Suchen Tyrnein Loom under the supervision of Dr.R.Phawa and the team from the Department of Medicine.
: Guwahati will host the first edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL) starting in June after the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) allowed the Rajasthan Royals to host the two matches. games in the northeast on Thursday.
Today, the world is facing unprecedented challenges following the effects of the pandemic across the globe, international disruptions, environmental disaster and economic uncertainty.
The people no longer believe or obey the explanations and orders of the government.
Speaking on the occasion, the Project Director of World Mission India, Ri Bhoi ADP, Anjan Sangma, in his speech on the rights of children, said that the illegal exploitation of children under the age of 18 years. There are four rights of children (1) Right to Survival (2) Right to Development (3) Right to Protection and (4) Right to Participation. the rights of human beings.
Until now, Bah Shylla, said that there has been no statement from the State Government on this issue, although Bah Shylla, said that the State Government, cannot reinstate the Act. to the District Council.
", concluded the statement.
The MPUF has expressed its deep sorrow over the support of Agatha K Sangma, MP and Governor Tathagata Roy for the CAB. The MPs of the state have supported the CAB bill introduced by the BJP government even though they know that the bill will affect the minorities of the state.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Sengkmie today confirmed the full office bearers of the FKJGP Nongpoh Circle. for the term of office 2022-2
T.34,000/- (thirty thousand four thousand rupees) and illegal drugs were also seized from them, said SP (Crime) Bah Vivek Syiem.
Angela Rangad, leader of the Rangli Juki Thma, said that the recent NITI Aayog report on the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) highlighted the corruption and inefficiency of the ruling governments.
“The Registrar General of the High Court of Meghalaya has been ordered to register the case under Article 215, 266 of the Contempt of Court Act, Justice SR Sen said in his order issued on 14th July
Speaking to media, the Minister said the government is ready to hold talks with the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) which has opposed the implementation of the “Once again I welcome all those who have concerns, the Minister of Education is ready to meet and if necessary I am also ready if you want an explanation,” he said. Conrad Sangma's visit.
When will such a time occur? The Word of God tells us that as soon as the rebuilding of the Third Temple in Jerusalem began.
The Minister also explained that even if other places do not want to be within the district, Sohra will get the district and will be the headquarters of the district.
On the other hand, many of the village leaders and residents who spoke on the occasion also strongly condemned the leaders of Jirang from the MLA and MDC who have kept their mouths shut without visiting the people. Although the government has clarified that the border will be resolved with the consent and will of the people, the people have suddenly turned away. in this area.
“Yes to Arrow.
On the same day, the LangumshingA Sport Club in collaboration with the Riangdo Youth Sport Social and Cultural Association, also honored two youngsters who came to participate in the AIFF Sub Junior National Football Tournament. The championship was held in Meghalaya to Punjab recently.
However, if the party leaders don't turn to the party's principles, if it's wrong, it can't turn against the UDP in the MP election because it can't say that the UDP has many MLAs in this election. The goal of victory is from the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The states that will vote three times are Jammu and Kashmir.
#AssamCovidUpdate 😷 In view of increasing #COVID19 cases, GoA has issued an SOP containing guidelines for containment of the pandemic: ▶️ Curfew will be imposed from 10 PM to 6 AM everyday.
Kishan Lyngdoh took a wicket after his ball went to the stumps.
Many in the world preach or speak the Gospel of Christ by taking 90% of the glory to themselves, 10% to God, thus weakening the work of the Holy Spirit.
“On the part of the MDA government, I have already directed the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun to visit the area to talk to the residents of this area and to send report to the government,” he said.
At present, Bah Paidang said that there are many Khasi doctors who have already registered with KHADC and he invited others who have not yet registered to come on the 5th of this month. There will be a meeting of Khasi doctors at KHADC to discuss this issue.
Perhaps with the presence of older people in the Council, there will be less political turmoil and the governance of the villages will go smoothly, otherwise the value of customs and culture will be lost.
Sumeet Gurung (4 overs for 12 runs: 3 wickets) and Evert Mawlong (3.4 overs for 23 runs: 3 wickets) were the bowlers of the match.
The BSF arrested them when the Bangladeshis came out of the forest near the International Border and were riding in a Tata Sumo that had not been parked at the scene.
However, it is understood that the Nomination Committee will confirm Bah Metbah as President, while other posts may be replaced according to the passage of time.
Samlin Malngiang, Minister of PHE and MLA of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) from Sohiong Constituency, has recently resigned from the post of MLA and joined the National People's Party (NPP). NPP) at a meeting held at Sohiong, East Khasi Hills District.
In the men's category, Rangjadong Sports Club beat Thangrai Sports Club 3-0 with the goals scored by Pynshaikupar Thongni in the 21st minute and 40 minutes while Khaiñkupar Ramsiej scored the second goal in the 27th minute.
Regarding the salary of the ASHAs, the Minister denied that they receive only 66 tyngka per day, and said that about 9 months ago the suspended salary has been paid to them. Some ASHAs receive T.18,000 per 6 months and most receive T.28,38,000 and more per 6 months, depending on their performance. .
In this regard, IIT Guwahati has asked the PWD (Building) Department of the State Government to participate as an inquiry into the collapse of the roundabout in the new Legislative Assembly.
Male Grewal 572 (13x); 2.
The incident happened at 1:30 pm today, when the Sumo Assam, was leaving Guwahati with the intention of going to Shillong, but when it reached the scene, it collapsed. overturned in the middle of the road causing injuries to several occupants of the sumo.
“Sometimes the difference between a powerful team and a team that comes in at the top have different ways of thinking.
Then I went to Bah Deng Shylla with the seij where I had put the PDIC and HSPDP flags. Bah Deng then gave me the APHLC flag to put on the siej which didn't have the HSPDP flag. Then, Bah Deng Shylla took the AHLC, HSPDP, PDIC and told me to follow him.
On the other hand, the NGT has earlier appointed a committee headed by Justice Katakey to look into the illegal mining of coal in Meghalaya.
Traffic jams are problems in every city and town.
On the other hand, the Independents, who are contesting up to 19 seats, are stable in some areas and may surprise in some constituencies.
“However, two months have passed and the government has not done anything and has illegally set up a Town Vending Committee which works illegally by taking illegal decisions,” she said. “We have also sent a letter to the Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation Department (HUPA) of the Central Government urging not to fund any scheme. “The Town Vending Committee (TVC) has not acted according to the laws of the central government,” she said.
His gaze was fixed on a young, handsome young leader.
Until now, there has been a strong protest from within to remove Mukul Sangma especially after the power struggle between Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and him over the post of Rangbah Shnong and the ban on ar maloi.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, on the 20th of this month, had indicated that the government may declare Garo Hills as a disturbance area due to the increasing number of insurgency activities in the area.
Chidambaram was arrested last night and was in the CBI office all night.
It is learned that the incident happened last night, when there was an argument between the two friends and it is said that at that time the two friends were drinking, but did not think. and this incident will lead to a tragic incident and the loss of the soul of this man.
Therefore, if the number of foreigners working inside the Toll Plaza is increasing, why are the Khasi youths being expelled, said Bah Marcus Marten.
“We have given you a long sentence, Mr Attorney General, please don't talk to us anymore about the charges,” said the court headed by SA Bobde, Chief Justice.
On the contrary, such people (not all) do not reach out to those who really need help.
On the other hand, the village leaders of Mawdiang um and Umlyngkdait villages have expressed their gratitude and appreciation for the initiative taken by these two restaurants in the Nongpoh area who have a concerned spirit to protect the environment and also also to beautify the town of Nongpoh through the presence of trees along the main road.
This observation also concerns the promotion of services at Buddhist holy sites that promote the sacred experiences of those who visit these sites.
However, we cannot sit back and blame the children of today for falling into this easy life style. who cannot follow their steps.
He added that Nongjrong will be the best example of a tourist destination in the State in collaboration with the village authorities and residents to promote tourism.
In this market or age of the market, anything that is successful, successful, profitable and successful, even if it is unfair, unjust or wrong, we respect and gradually make Blei her.
This year, 166 pandals have been set up in different parts of the state, mostly in East Khasi Hills, including 67 in Shillong and 67 in the district. there are 92 in all.
It is on this basis that the court, without any doubt, that 32.56 lakh MT as stated by the Chief Secretary on 20th November 2022 has been found to have been illegally mined, which In turn, the report from the state shows that the transportation and trade of coal is smooth according to the time set or released.
“We will ask the youths and groups who operate tourist taxis to apply for the forms and the government will consider before applying.
In the Third Division, Mawreng will play against Umphrup at 12 noon, Lamlynti will play against Green Age at 2 pm and Young Xi will play against Lumdiengjri at 4 pm.
“Yes, you can sit down again at any time,” said Rep.
On the 1st of July, the Electoral Registration Officer will prepare the list of Forms 9, 10, 11, 11A and distribute copies to the Booth Level Officers, Assistant Electoral Registration Officers, political parties and the police. give their complaint.
Coal, ore, stone and other minerals are mined from the state to be sold in kilos abroad.
Jordamon Kharwan of Mawpran village under Pynursla, today apologized to the management of Rabit Lake & Resort Tourist Spot Committee after lodging a complaint on the 4th of this month. The ghost image made by her son has spread on social media like WhatsApp and Facebook until people are afraid to visit the place.
When asked how many kilos of seeds the farmers plant every year, he said that some farmers plant 5 kilos, some plant 50 to 40 kilos.
Therefore, the medicine in May India is not the only medicine.
Speaking to reporters, Rituraj Sinha said the BJP's explanation on the slogan, “Modi for Development, BJP for Meghalaya' has gone quickly in Meghalaya and the people have been ready to support Modi’s aspirations for a transformation in the North East in terms of economic growth and development.
Tablet Number: 7640003646.
After this, he lifted again in the weight category of 11kg and finished in the weight category of 113kg, which led India to start with the bronze medal in the tournament.
If you have any complaints related to the election, please call 03652-2
The office bearers & members of Seinkur Dkhar include President Pyrshang Dkhar, Vice President Sunidakut Dkhar, General Secretary Philip Dkhar, Asst. Secretary Jiotis Dkhar, Treasurer – Smt.
During the raid, T.3.96 crore was seized and it is suspected that this is the money received from the sale of the gold.
for now, it is better that things should be as they used to be, but that we should take more care to preserve the environment as it is; to improve and develop an eco friendly society, and to monitor from time to time, the needs of society, according to the They are the ones who make us citizens think and give advice to the government authorities on what the people need.
What you are seeing now is because the Prime Minister of the country is in a hurry to please those officials.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Meghalaya Board of Schools and Education (MBOSE) on Tuesday announced the results of the Class 12 Science and Commerce examination. Government-run schools have been the first to perform poorly in the performance of children.
Before the ceremony, the President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar, expressed his regret that he could not attend the ceremony. and the lyngshop of the plague, which has been going on for more than ten years.
According to the SP, his vehicle was found to have blood stains and police have seized the vehicle.
Bah Sniawbhalang said that besides the lack of land, the delay in the Smart Road project has many reasons including the conflict with the border crossings, the relocation of electricity posts, the closure of the the movement of vehicles in narrow places and others.
Jowai: The calling letters for the post of Assistant Teacher in various LP Schools in the Sub-Division have been prepared and They will not be distributed to those who have registered from the 8th to the 10th of this month.
The agriculture in the old days, the lack of modern agricultural equipment and the use of fertilizers without testing the soil have shown that over the years the agriculture in Rilum Jaintia Hills has been declining steadily and this decline has not only destroyed the individual farmer or his family, but has also affected the income of the country as a whole.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister expressed his delight and said, “We are delighted to launch the PRIME Tourism Vehicles Scheme, which is a step forward to promote tourism.
Bah Sadon said that they are now under the supervision of the government, but the supervision is not strict that they cannot leave anywhere, but they can go home.
The main demands of the petition are on the illegal installation of tax collection gates by Assam at three places including Sabuda, Madan Umwang and Umsyrlieng. All the agricultural products of the people living in the area and what is more surprising is that even these tax collection points are run by Nepalis.
The plan of the land can be inspected at the office of the Sub-Divisional Collector, Amlarem on working days.
Perhaps this is the first time that the Dorbar Shnong in these areas has used this online meeting app.
The Raid Marmain leaders have been able to open this market, which has been a great blessing to the 25 villages in the area, because through this market, it will bring peace and prosperity. to sell the goods produced by the people of these villages.
“Let him come and let us talk.
Dr Don also questioned why the government has forced the employees of MCCL to take the Voluntary Retirement Scheme but they should take it according to their choice and will, not just force them to take the VRS. Shillong. , 24 October: The construction of the Shillong Medical College, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the TB Hospital has not been relocated from its existing location.
On Monday, there will be four matches of the MSL tournament at four stadiums.
In the second half, Sanborlang Tang of Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah scored the first goal in the 4th minute, while Khlieh-muchut Shangpung scored the first goal. In the 14th minute, Arwan Phadong scored the first goal of the match.
“This proposal to build this monument at Mukroh will only fuel the fire,” said Bah Passah.
The UDP leaders have held a Special Executive Committee (UDP) meeting today to discuss the joining of these prominent people in Ri Bhoi. UDP in the state and within the district.
:The Khasi song “Jingieid ba shida” has been released on the 3rd of June
“The state police department has been very vigilant and we will ensure that this group will not be able to rise again,” said Prestone Tynsong.
They believe that the corona virus is just a threat or a threat to the public.
Of these, the highest outstanding debt belongs to NEEPCO at T.469.32 crore and the others belong to Power Grid, NTPC and others.
In its order, the Division Bench comprising Justice W Diengdoh and Justice B Bhattacharjee said that the AG has informed that the proposal has come from the State Government to convene the HPC for a meeting to resolve the issue. immediately to resolve certain claims or any other matters pending between the parties.
He also expressed his concern about the violence against women and children and urged all those who witnessed this programme, to draw inspiration from the brave deeds of Ka Phan Nonglait, by preserving the and to stand against any acts of violence against women.
They stood along the National Highway 6 to wait for their brokers to release them.
It is the event in which Jesus suffered, died, and rose again.
Rebecca also met with the leaders of the Rngi Nangkiew Sports Club, where she encouraged sports activities and hoped that the youth of the area, will be able to take part in the sports club. many will win medals at the National Games in
Here you see, Bah Ardent, you understand now that the reservation policy should be changed before you don't understand.
Hek said he welcomes all the 19 Congress MLAs to join the BJP. “They all talk about the rules of the party constitution.
We are surprised to see a Facebook page saying that the police officer who was arrested was arrested because he is a Khasi.
On the part of man, it is only necessary to obey what God has said. (ii) To be careful not to become dark in the flesh and spirit.
She also demanded that the Minister should stop the construction of the Madan Umwang Assam Police Outpost at Umwang.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC said that he has immediately phoned the SP East Jaintia Hills to demand the establishment of a temporary police outpost at Kieng Malidor until the rainy season. of Assam.
“Why when NEIGRIHMS is in Shillong, this examination will be conducted outside the state?” he asked.
“We have drafted a building code in accordance with the National Building Code.
First of all, this young woman started working in the company
He said that there are two units at the Leska Hydel Project which have failed while two units are still operational.
Fr.Martin Shylla said that the Kyntien Rangbah refers to the Rangbah who carry the burden of the household, the wife and children and the happiness of the women and children. He concluded his speech by saying, “O Rangbah, keep the dignity of Akor and be Rangbah who are truly Rangbah by a good life and be a good example to those who are young.
Through this scheme, the Government of Meghalaya has targeted especially the North Eastern States so that those crops can be sold not only within the State but also exported abroad.
Alone when I ask, Because of the future of the country;
When asked who will take over as the leader of that group, and become the Prime Minister, these leaders could not give a clear answer, as they said that this issue will still need to be discussed and tell me again.
Nongpoh, Nailur 12: U Bah Donroy Kshiar, Agriculture Secretary of the HNYF Northern Region, has announced that he has resigned from his post. organization.
However, during the rainy season, they cannot cultivate because of the excessive rainfall in this village.
In the meeting with the Minister, the union said that the Mawshynrut Sub Division is still the same, even the main office does not have its own building, but it still has to open houses. .
According to the World Bank, there are about 600 million people with disabilities worldwide, which means that 1 in 10 people in the world lives with disabilities.
The 11th Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Youth Assembly will be held at Mawlong Presbyterian Church, Tyrna District, Sohra Presbytery from 12th to 14th June
Before the match between the two teams, on the opening day, there will be other programs which will start at 1 pm and on this day u The Minister of Sports, Government of Meghalaya will be the chief guest.
Punjab Additional Director General of Police SPS Parmar told reporters that the attack was not carried out by militants.
“We welcome the decision taken by the HPC. I would like to inform you that once we have completed all the requirements, we will sit at the negotiating table because the relocation should succeed,” said Prestone. Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah while talking to reporters.
There are now an estimated 3 lakh people in different parts of Haridwar to take part in the Kumbh festival and these will increase on 12, 14 and 27th June 2021, as they are the days of the festival. snan.
The reason is that many of them have resigned under pressure and fear of being employed under the Maitkyrteng Act which was passed by the House in November, 2015 and which has been scheduled to come into force from the 1st of this month. March, 2015.
“He said that so far the Government has released more than T.160 crore to the company.
In the final, Lynti Jam from Ri Bhoi District will face Jowai in the women's category.
Hd it is as you say,, we Khasi religion has nothing to do with Hinduism,, but we need to be friends for the good, because friendship with other nations is the right of God,, ong God's Word,,,To make friends with other nations is the right of God, but to violate the rights of others is a great sin, but make friends with wisdom and caution,,What are you Christians against? .
Speaking to media, Congress leader Zenith Sangma said the Congress party has not asked for time to meet the Union Home Minister because of his visit, as reported by the media. news is that he will come as a private individual and not from a government job.
Ziona's household eats 10 quintals of rice and 70 kilos of rice per day.
On the other hand, the women's organizations together with the civil society organizations and the elders of the village after a short meeting tried to express their surprise regarding the closure of the Excise department by saying that They have done this without the knowledge of the village authorities and have also tried to close another door on the part of the village together with the women's organizations.
In the video, it was seen that the man was shot by four youths, in which it appeared that the incident took place in front of a house and the man was shot. and he that was unclean was in the midst of the house, which had a porch.
The second is because he is short.
“The HLC has failed to give the right decision and what the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has taken to hand over this land to the Urban Affairs Department is wrong and impossible. to receive" he said.
“The State BJP congratulates the Government of India and especially the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah for respecting the feelings of the indigenous people by releasing the land under the Sixth Schedule of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019,” Momin told reporters.
Conrad said the party has received a lot of support from the people and he is confident of winning again in this election.
However, in terms of travel and lifestyle, there is a lot of VIP or dignitaries who are more important than others.
The meeting was conducted by Nadine G.Jyrwa and Medaline Iawphniaw while the welcome speech was delivered by Bah S.Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools.
Groups of people with disabilities including the Barefoot Trust, the Meghalaya Deaf Association, the Khasi Disabilities Association, the Blind Lead Trust and the Meghalaya Liberation for the Visually Impaired The State Government should find ways and means to facilitate the movement of people with disabilities,” he said.
The team was led by Robert Biang as coach and Rymphang Nongtdu as manager.
It is also said that there is a stone which looks like a doh kha lun, with a big head, which opens its mouth like a food and this stone is called Moolun.
Shillong: The Langsning Football Club will hold a trial for the U-15 and U-18 categories on 29.2.2020 from 10.00 am to 2.00 pm at New Nongstoin Stadium.
However, he said that he will remain with the party, so we have appointed him as the President of the Mawphlang Circle of the UDP,” said Bah Titos.
Wahkhen, 20 June:Ka Raid Wahkhen on Saturday 19th of this month, the Lyngdoh Shad was attended by young women and men from all over the villages. The dance was very lively in which children, youth and adults came to take part.
These are the places where you can enter the DC office.
However, the cover-up now seems to have broken after complaints from many quarters on this issue as well as the public hearing under the leadership of the former Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma on this issue.
Answer : It seems that you are overstating the position of the Opposition.
Similarly, these days in politics, it is more difficult for people to say that this party has done these things and to point out the shortcomings but, most of the time, they just talk about the shortcomings of others without looking at the good and he said that the people are more likely to fall into evil.
Prestone Tynsong, former MLA of Pynursla constituency, has spent T.1 crore to assist 1000 households to build houses at a cost of T.10,000 per household. T.17.50,000 lakh was spent to purchase 500 syntex (500 lt) to distribute to 500 households at T.3500 each. T.9 lakh has been spent to provide financial assistance to 30 women's organizations at a cost of T.30,000 each.
The decision of the High Court of Meghalaya will also be applied to all the lower courts in the state.
Therefore, the Federation invites all adhoc teachers from LP to Higher Secondary School to take their time to attend the general meeting so that the expectations and aspirations of the Federation will be successful.
That doesn't matter, but it would be better if the PDF and KHNAM were included in the RDA. This will make the RDA more complete, because the RDA is not a party but a group. of national parties (state parties) and at any time, any party may leave the party if it does not agree or disagree.
At the meeting, the Cabinet, which should have consisted of two members, but it was seen that half of them did not attend the Cabinet meeting. Minister on the powers of Rangbah Shnong, has been divided and there is no consensus.
The KSU has also expressed its concern over the lack of Work Permit or Labor License in these areas and has also met with the Inspector of Labor in Sohra for this purpose. claim.
In the first leg, Rising Star beat Ummulong by 48 runs while 4-Mowkaiaw United beat Khliehtyrshi Sports Club by 48 runs.
Also present were N.Das, Asst.Director (PE & Sports), members and management of the school including teachers.
Many tourists come here to our hills because they want to relax and relax.
U Bah James S Lyngdoh has strongly condemned the attempt of the Government of India to rob the people of the country by increasing the price of Umphniang. the COVID-19 pandemic.
Those who sell plastic will sell it, but if there is no buyer? If there is no demand, there will be no producers of those kinds of goods.
However, now the school with the new school building has more than 100 students from kindergarten to Class V. “We have not received a proper school building from the MLA,” said Bah Harkin Warjri, Sordar of the village who is also the Chairman of the School Managing Committee.
“The words of these leaders are only to intimidate.
This is Kong Simi Khongtiang and the film she has produced called – Ka Chithi, is a very different film and perhaps no one has ever thought of making such a film. of a story that makes the audience want to watch until the end.
Laitphar Syngkrem, President KSU War Jaintia Circle, said that the meeting has approved the committee and the SDO Amlarem will convene another meeting to improve the working methods of the committee so that it can run smoothly. abroad through LCS, Dawki as per the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“I don't think it will be as serious as the BJP has alleged because while the investigation is ongoing it is the duty of the police to call anyone who is known to investigate to find out the facts.
Training was given on how to treat according to the stages of these cases.
Police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest them.
These 15 MDCs are not from the BJP, which has two new members in the Council.
Shillong: A small 800 vehicle (ML 05 W 8386) collided with a fire truck on Anjali Road on Tuesday morning.
Shillong: The Electricity Department has persuaded the Finance Department to take responsibility for MeECL to take the AtmaNirbhar loan from REC and PFC, as part of the search for solutions. The Minister of Power, James PK Sangma, today held a meeting with the CMD, Directors and Engineers of MeECL.
Bataw won 3-0 against Nongthymme.
Jowai, Naitung 13: The Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai on Tuesday (Musiang) was held in a smooth manner. This place is called Rngad Wah (Khonraij).
How to reduce cholesterol : Good and bad cholesterol are common in the body, and too much bad cholesterol can be dangerous for the blood and all health aspects.
He said this on the incident where a voter has photographed the EVM machine to show his support for a political party and another who has carried the flag of another party in the EVM machine. for not voting.
With the opening of these, MRB is the largest bank in the state with 87 branches.
Nicky Boy Swer scored 9' & 28', Famous Plain 20', Dennis Passah 45' and Nidaiar Kamar 64'
The youth has lodged a complaint with the police on the grounds that a young girl has stolen his blood cell and demands that the police should immediately search for him.
The meeting was conducted by Kong Thlida Marbaniang and President of WSWO. Bah Banshai Marbaniang, while giving an explanation on the occasion, said that the people should refrain from the use of drugs. The same injection thyrnia is not used.
The first prize went to St. Mary Mazzarello HSS, the second prize went to Jaintia Secondary School and the third prize went to St. Michael & All Angels Secondary School.
Shillong, November 20: Dr. Jelington Ryndong has bought the Congress ticket to contest the 2018 MLA election from Pynursla constituency. He is also the Congress candidate for the 2018 election from Pynursla.
The winners of the 55kg category were Sumer of Body Mass & Fitness Gym Jowai, Maradona of Body Zoo Shillong won the 60kg category, LaketPde of Body Zoo Shillong won the 65kg category and Pynsh of Body Zoo Shillong won the 70kg category. Flanagankharwanlang won the 75kg category.
Mawrie said that the BJP Meghalaya has not seen any differences of opinion and the party is still united.
The Seng has convened this meeting to take steps to strengthen the working methods of the Seng especially in Shillong.
The shooter was identified as Mahipal, 32, a shepherd from Mahendargarh.
The group said that they are not happy to set up these outposts in these two areas as they are peaceful and free from border disputes and violence.
The Umïam Hazard Area Collective Forum (Adhoc) is a group formed by elders, women, youth, Village and Raid Headmen and others.
Thank you to those who should be responsible for this, that now it doesn't shine anymore.
The leaders of these villages include Bresswell Paliar, Acting Lyngdoh of 6 villages, Nendar Lyngkhoi, President of KNSU Circle, Ricky Sohlang, President of HANC; .
Within the MDA government, there are many groups including the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP, KHNAM, NCP and independent MLAs.
The loss of the people in the countryside is not small.
On the other hand, the CEM said that after this tragic incident, he felt it was his duty as CEM to meet with these refugees who are in the midst of suffering and also to express their condolences for them. the souls of the departed.
There was a feast called Purim in that kingdom.
In another development, it was reported that according to the order issued by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on the 9th of this month, the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has informed the public that the Committee has been set up. The committee will inspect all the coal mines and coal mines extracted from outside the district on the 14th and 16th of this month. to the place where they are.
In Madras, it is now planted in the following districts, Malabar, Salem and Nilgiri.
This is the end of the life of the son of the mother of the land, the blang-kñia-ri.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Congress MDC from Langrin, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, has demanded that the KHA DC should take a decision of the House to express its strong opposition to the ban. NGT coal in the state which has affected the people in terms of income.
However, even the small schools that have received them may have a spirit of despair to say whether there are those who recognize them because when doing public works, they should not be discriminated against.
incharge District Elections and Senior State Executive Member Bah Duruth Majaw.
The distribution was attended by the Waheh Shnong of Moodop, Dawyo Dkhar, Chairman of the Village, Hamkom Khynriam, Waheh Shnong of Nartiang, Mom Phalangki and others.
On the other hand, the Minister also advised the residents to send for check up from time to time at the nearest health centers such as Health Sub Centers or Public Health Centers for the benefit of the people. great for their lasting health.
He said that the support he received when he won as MDC gave him hope when many people elected him.
Niakha and Rida were pleased that everyone had agreed to do so.
Until the end of the match, Ïaiphyrnai couldn't turn the tide and suffered a defeat.
A court in Sonbhadra district on Tuesday sentenced the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA from Duddh constituency Ramdular Gond to 25 years imprisonment and a fine of T. 10.10 lakh on the rape of a child which happened six years ago.
The memorial service was held in the presence of his children, relatives and leaders of the UDP party in the years before his death.
The new supporters were welcomed by Medalsing Lyngdoh, Working President and Candidate of HSPDP Mawkyrwat Constituency. The meeting was attended by the President of the HSPDP, Bah Nolipstar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the HSPDP Mawkyrwat Circle, Bah KD Wanniang and other leading office bearers of the HSPDP Mawkyrwat Circle.
These include Musniang School, Pamrapaithlu, Rymbai School and Lumputhoi.
James Sangma said he would answer well on this issue in the Legislative Assembly as he knew there would be many questions to be raised on this issue.
Bernard said it is the duty of the District Councils to set the rules for coal mining in the state.
The Laitkseh Baby League has started its tournament.
“How sad, bloodshed has been shed against the indigenous people from time to time, just because of their lakam without a budget,” he said.
Because, what we learn here is that if something happens in the family, society, country and nation, God will not ask for an answer from the woman, but from the man.
Donlad Diengdoh scored three goals for the team, which was the second hat trick of the season, while Fairming Suting, another Mawlai player, scored three goals for the team. scored two goals.
Shillong: The Trinamool Congress MLA from Umroi Constituency, Bah George B Lyngdoh, has denied that he is one of the AITC MLAs who want to join other political parties. in some media outlets.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, has strongly criticized those who are looking for political issues over the border issue which the MDA government is currently in the middle of on the road to resolve the border issue in all the border areas. He said that the Umsning-Jagiraod road has been completed in Mawhati today to inspect the condition of the Umsning-Jagiraod road.
The days and months before and after the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ were very turbulent in Jerusalem and Palestine as a whole.
“At present, the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh is very clear.
The HYC has urged the DC to take immediate action to repair the road so that the traffic of the people will not be affected.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The CSWO Central Body led by Irene Hujon as President and members of the CSWO has clarified that since the beginning of the ILP protest, the party has not taken part.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take action as soon as possible to release the renewal of veendor and veende.
As ordered by the Trial Court, the fine shall not be paid to the victim, if it is not paid.
In conclusion, I would like to say: We all need the Bible from the people to the pastors.
“We are confident that Assam will also release all these Pnar villages to Jaintia Hills,” said Thaiang.
Nongstoiñ: Nongrim Hills SC has won again and has reached the quarter final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC).
The Sordar of Suktia, Bah Khlaiñ Massar, said that Suktia does not want to join Pynursla but wants to remain within Sohra. to the people and his speech is the voice of the Suktia people.
“The Minister was very responsive and promised to help and support us.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today held an emergency meeting with senior officials and government ministers. attacked the CRPF and threatened that India would retaliate in due manner.
Shillong, July 30 : Meghalaya beat Himachal Pradesh by 355 runs in the final of the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy in Lucknow.
Shillong: East Garo Hills beat South Garo Hills by 104 runs in the first leg of the tournament at Nongpoh today. run in the Under-23 men's tournament at Mendipathar.
“How is it easier when the manager comes to work in his own car?” said his fellow employee. “Then you,” said Peter. “Let's work again after we have rested,” said another employee. “It's right,” said another employee. “It's right.” They agreed. Peter didn't listen to any of the talk of his fellow workers and accepted that sometimes it was necessary to talk just to laugh or smile.
MK Sangma, Joint Director, Civil Defence, RP Khongwar, Joint Commandant General, Home Guards, B Mukhim, Senior Staff Officer, Directorate of Civil Defense & Home Guards and B Kharkongor, Commandant, Central Training Institute, CD & HG, received the DGCD Gold Disc award, according to the Directorate of Civil Defense and Home Guards.
This shows that even today, there is no place for the hospital in Amlarem which has been arranged with the knowledge of the Shnong.
Nongstoiñ: Unidentified robbers have detonated a bomb at a Coke Factory in Nonglangpar village of Shallang West Khasi Hills District this morning.
“We will try our best to expedite the repairs and hopefully within 24 hours we will be able to operate small vehicles depending on the weather conditions.
Antonio said the MDCs should not confuse the Heritage Village with the Monolith Festival, as it is their own part.
The incident in Tura has shocked the foreign workers in the Tura area until they left to return to their villages.
The church also invites you to come to church every Sunday at 3:30 pm at the same place to receive teachings from the Word of God and to grow spiritually.
Referring to the roads used by these coal trucks, Bah Marcus Marten said that these trucks used to use the roads including Mairang-Patharkhmah, Umling-Pahammawlein, The Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road from Umsning-Mawhati to Umsiang, the Weigh Bridge at Narang have been passed through these roads.
We will demand our own Hynniew-Trep state and the Garo their own Garo or Achik state.
The improvements which the central government has ordered the state government to propose include the renovation of tourist attractions, the provision of drinking water, fish ponds and others.
The Dorbar Shnong together with the Rangbah Shnong have handed over the suspects to the police for further investigation.
At the same time, the DC urged the Elaka and Village Authorities to review the NOCs issued to the owners of these factories.
The Government's decision to convert the sports hall at Lachumiere into an office or Bhavan will have a serious impact on sports in the State.
Those who witnessed the ceremony included Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati as the chief guest, Bah NP Wahphlang, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary FKJGP Ri Bhoi, Dr Bariti Markhap, Advisor of ADP. Ribhoi, Blutisha Nongbet, members of the APD and others.
Speaking to reporters after returning from Delhi, Conrad said, “I have discussed with Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj how to prevent foreigners from coming. to work in this country so as not to affect the citizens".
Police have recovered two mobile phones including two pla.
Once again the Christmas season came, the season of joy and the angel said to them, “Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. …” (Luke 2:10-11).
India lost to New Zealand in the semi-finals of the Cricket World Cup in England today.
Tell me, my beloved, that I may send and make an ark for the two of us.
“Because I lost the mid-term election in 2018, after the rejection of the people, I don't want to contest anymore but through the message of the Prime Minister, through Bah Gigur Myrthong. “I have left the NPP because I don't want to contest anymore, but with a sense of friendship he has sent me a message that he wants to meet me,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guests, Umsning MLA Jason Mawlong and Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun expressed their happiness to be present and witness the festival. that the goal is to preserve the identity of the nation.
“The government has planned to set up more police outposts and upgrade them to police stations at Mukhroh, Sahsniang, Psiar and Raliang in West Jaintia Hills,” he said.
He also praised the PHE department, the Minister in charge and the MLA for taking the initiative to implement this project.
Such people want others to praise their storytelling skills, their singing skills, their prayer skills, and so on.
The outside man is happy and plunging well, He who is inside is not happy, Therefore there is no danger, When the storm comes.
He said that those who are traveling now are not carrying illegal coal but those who carry auctioned coal.
While I was looking at her through the lens of the camera, I thought to myself that if this child applies pond, powder, lipstick and color to her hands, feet and skin, she will become more beautiful. I conclude that true human beauty, which does not beautify people with colours, ponds, powders, and lipsticks, can be found only in the villages.
Perhaps there are indeed such cases, and this happens somewhere and this has been one of the most disappointing events in our human life.
The area is about 10 kilometers around and it is a tributary of the Wah Kynshi near Sangriang, Maynthor kba.
There are 258 cases in East Khasi Hills, 23 in West Khasi Hills, 10 in West Jaintia Hills, 11 in Ri Bhoi, 17 in West Garo Hills, 3 in East Garo Hills and
The Sengbhalang leaders, visited the entry point and there was no objection, but they went to inspect the working methods inside the entry point.
The Greater IewPolo Association (GIPA), a group of residents of the Polo area, has requested permission to participate in the hearing as one of the affected groups. The NGT has sent the hearing to the Circuit Bench and not to the Principal Bench and the hearing of the case will be held in November this year in Kolkata.
Iran's attack on Israel came from Syria, where it fired missiles at an Israeli military base in Tel Aviv.
During the meeting, Bah Heavingstone sought clarification from the Director on the recruitment process at the hospital.
It will also be an opportunity and encouragement for her as she will meet her friend (Iaraplang Nongrum) who will play against the same team this year.
Earlier, the civil society had demanded that the NPP-led MDA government should abandon the railway project if the ILP is not implemented in the state.
After the race, the Deputy Commissioner and District Sport Officer Stephanie awarded prizes to the winners.
The ticket price for the film will be 60, 80 and 100 tyngka.
The only thing that should be banned by law is that from now on, children from non-Khasi fathers should not be considered Khasi. .
The Course Director of the 53rd Basic Course Dr. ML Zou gave an explanation about the group of 95 students including SI=39, DySP=06, Manipur SI= 08, DySP=14, Assam SI=15 and Nagaland SI=04, DySP=09.
Scientists believe that the chemical known as dopamine may have a surprising function.
At present, it is learned that there are already MDCs from the PDF who do not like the CEM, but the lack of interest in creating another party because of the lack of paid has led them to It is understood that if there are new non-Congress MDCs, there will be MDCs in the PDF who will not form a new government. KHADC.This reporter has asked the political leaders about the mid - term MDc elections , and they said that the Congress party will win in many constituencies but the doubt is only in the constituency of the Minister HDR Lyngdoh has been elected to the Sohiong Constituency.
Furthermore, the HITO said that this is an example for other districts especially in the Bri u Hynniewtrep and also for the two Autonomous District Councils. villages to understand better any announcements made by the Government and will also show to other ethnic groups that we have the ability to read and write in our own language and will also be part of the efforts to encourage the Government of India to The time has come to include the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution and at the same time the union demands that the state government should make it compulsory for all schools to sing the Khasi anthem. Rikhasi Rikhasi' whether they are Government schools or private schools as a sign of respect for our identity.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP Vice-President Alantry Dkhar said the party has authorized the districts to consider the candidates who intend to contest the MDC elections in Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council (KHADC) and JHADC in the year
In a statement, the KSU Mawlai Circle said that the police have attacked the women shopkeepers inside the MUDA parking lot at against the SBI office near Khyndailad.
Shillong: There have been 89 new cases of coronavirus in the state, the Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War today said. The state has 1,973 cases.
We must stand together to fight against terrorism in this country,” said the President.
There will be a jngi competition, a king lieng competition, a shon dur competition, a football competition and in the evening there will be a Miss Lukha 2023 competition. date of June.
Some of them said “We wan ILP”, some said “We want to talk about ILP” and others said “We want ILP” and others said “We want to talk about ILP” and others which disrupted the smooth running of the dorbar because the Lamphang did not listen. but he continued despite the demand that he should be allowed to discuss the issue.
Shillong, November 3: About 350 Muslims marched in a procession in Shillong on Saturday.
Shillong, Naitung 31: After Juliana Kurbah, who took part in the Super Mom contest on Zee TV, another youngster from Malki, named Palden Lama Mawroh, has now joined the teaching. Palden, who is currently in the dance competition on Star Plus, has now entered the list of contestants for the title, where the final fight will be held in Mumbai. on Saturday and Sunday, at 8pm.
The central theme of the National Road Safety is “Safe yourself.
Regarding the definition of Khasi, the Dy.CEM said, “We have discussed that this should be in accordance with the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act,
Police have arrested Johny Nongrum and taken him to Nongpoh Police Station for further investigation and register a case.
We have to wait and see what will happen in these days especially after the elections in Sohiong.
For many, the words 'Happy Christmas, Happy New Year' have become just a form of greeting, and end there.
Meghalaya managed to score three goals through Nikelson and Figo to make it 3-0 by the end of the first half.
“As it is clear, this government intends to continue to suppress the people who demand their rights according to the rule of law, and it is also clear that the district authorities and police are not ready to take over,” he said. u Bah Squirrel.
He said that it is shocking to see that there are places where they have already built wells and muri, but as soon as the rain comes they have collapsed due to the excessive work of the workers.
The earthquake struck at about 4:00 am on Monday morning at a depth of 30 kilometers or 18 miles, about 72 kilometers northeast of Hinatuan. the dew island of Mindanao.
Hoping was the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council; He has served many times as the Second Chief Minister in the State Government and has held many portfolios in the State Government.
Bah Khroo L Pariat informed S.Phanbuh of the decisions regarding the protection of Wah Myntdu in order to ensure the supply of water to the villagers, rice farmers in Pynthorneiñ Pynthorwah especially to improve the quality of dohum dohwah as well. and the fourth part of the Myntdu River.
He said that MUDA's order is like punishing the people who want to build houses and install electricity. He said that this is an unprecedented incident where in the past the people had to pay. Permission shall be obtained only from the Rangbah Shnong to build houses or install electricity.
He said that when the residents of the area need to go to Nongstoiñ for government office work, they have to go to Chaygaon and down to Boko to Hahim Athiabari to Riangdo. From Athiabari to Riangdo, it takes up to four hours for vehicles to travel due to the poor condition of the road.
Rupang also spoke to HSPDP Mawshynrut MDC Morningstar Mawsor and another friend of LG Nongsieh who has joined the PDF.
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;
Therefore, they requested the MLAs and MDCs of South West Khasi Hills District to do something to create the opportunities for the development of sports for the youth of the district. region.
May God rest his soul and his family at this time of sorrow.
Speaking to reporters after the launch of the Vision Document of the VPP, Bah Ardent said that this is the reason why he and the elders have formed a new party to clean up these issues. not only in the Police Department but also in various government departments.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the Pynroilang Women's Association said, “According to the allegation of the customers that we have suspended Ms Danosha, we have not suspended Ms Danosha. Danosha Khongsit but we have ordered her not to take any more money from the new people, but only to complete the old ones, but Donosha has come to give the money only until the month of June. There are no such members in the association.
In the meantime, China has sent J15 Fighter Jets and these aircraft have illegally entered the Taiwan border during the Chinese invasion. .
Before announcing the decisions at the public meeting, the CEM of KHADC said that the EC of ARPA, which has been in office for four months, does not want the decisions taken to end up in the office or in the office. “I don't want the decisions to stop only in writing or in the office, or only in Mawphor, Nongsain Hima, Rupang, Peitngor, but I want that the work shall be done according to the decision.
Speaking to the gathering, the Meghalaya TMC candidate from Kharkutta said, “My dear mothers and friends, up to three souls have passed away while they were still alive. had planned to attend this meeting but due to unfortunate circumstances, they were unable to join us at this time.
The end of these things is near according to the signs of the times.
We must remember that we should never swear to anything because swearing is wrong.
The Seng has donated balls and money to support the Sports Club.
Speaking at the programme, the Prime Minister recalled the initiative of (L) PA Sangma, who has a close relationship with the residents of Rongjeng.
Meanwhile, a woman who was missing on Friday has not been found, but it is highly suspected that she has drowned.
The fee was not disclosed, but according to reports, Barcelona have agreed to pay 40 million euros ($44.07 million) and 21 million to be added later for the player. Robert Lewandowski, who turns 35 next month, will replace Robert Lewandowski.
The 12 tribes of Israel: Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Zebulun, Dan, Naphtali, Gad, Asher, Joseph, and Benjamin.
Thus, we see in the newspapers that these leaders of the party shondur along with 10 trucks of rice, clothes and other necessities to distribute to the refugees.
The General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah CB Syiem, said that the Union has decided to hold this meeting because the Dorbar Shnongs have been stripped of their powers by the High Court.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 03: As part of the celebration of Digital India Day launched by the Prime Minister, the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat on Thursday held a program at Multipurpose. Hall DCComplex Mawkyrwat where the public, civil society, college students, school children of the area and government officials attended the ceremony.
Saloon shops and beauty parlors have also been allowed to open according to the rules laid down by the government.
More information will be provided on this.
It was only after talks with the government that this E&E Point came into being.
He said that the college has now started to become a blessing to the students in the area, and he does not want the college to disappear because as it is now, he as the leader of the college. In the past years, he has supported the salaries of the teachers and many expenses of the College.
The total number of cases has risen to 20,228 and the death toll to
During the implementation period, the inspection was carried out by a team of toh-kit.
On the other hand, he said that all these have been successful until the opening of the tourist attraction. Thanks goes to HDFC Bank through Parivatan, one of the schemes sponsored by the bank. to promote the welfare and development of the community.
Paul said that initially, the council had issued this directive, the ban on plastic worked well, because people followed the directive, but unfortunately It is true that as soon as the EC has been changed, within the KHADC, this order has been lost.
We are pleased to have the victory among those who have received the training and we are proud of their victory.
Speaking on the occasion, the former Mawsynram MLA said that the VPP has nothing to talk about except to call the NPP a corrupt party. The party is not corrupt or the Government is not led by the NPP.
It is understood that when the HNLC came to the negotiating table, it strongly demanded that the Government should drop the complaints against its leaders and members.
He said that he was a great leader from his youth until he became a leader of the people.
On the other hand, the NEC Secretary acknowledged that land availability is one of the problems when implementing projects in the area.
The PSOs expressed their surprise that the government has not released them from these former MLAs yet, even though they have been nothing for a year.
He was the Chief Minister of the State from July 15, 2006 to October
However, alcohol consumption can also affect sleep patterns and reduce the body's ability to sleep well.
The incident started when employees of the North East Indigenous People's Federation (NEIPF) including members of the federation, lodged a complaint against SI Habanjop Khonglah, OC of Khliehriat on 01/11/18 for illegal collection of money.
We will end and completely abolish the policies of governance that are unjust and impoverish the people.
The AJYWO said that the ban on coal mining has severely affected the livelihood of the coal miners in Jaintia Hills, and on this issue the AJYWO said that it will soon meet with the Minister. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, and the Minister of Coal, have not submitted a petition to him.
It was said that due to unavoidable reasons due to conflict with other activities, the party had to celebrate on November 8,
Hyderabad have lost two wickets before the end of the day, all of which were scored by Chengkam Sangma, who started the first innings. his second Ranji pitch this season.
Once again, I, Barilang Pyngrope together with some youths, have decided to conduct a signature campaign to demand immediately from the state government to change the rules. reservation policy within the state.
Shillong: The JSU Shillong Circle has congratulated the Shooting Team of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya, which has brought fame and glory to the State for its victory in the upcoming Shooting Team. The 4th Assam Battalion, Shooting Ranges Khalipara will be held from 19th to 23rd August 2019 in Guwahati.
As soon as the journalists saw this article, they started talking to each other whether this is a traditional food and a traditional festival. I don't know if it's a ja or jadoh, but we (journalists) just laughed as soon as we saw the menu.
Nongpoh: U Dr S Lyngdoh, Project Director of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS), on Tuesday said that at present, only 4,000 people have registered at the four government health centres. Dr. S Lyngdoh said that he was surprised to learn that the number of people living with HIV/AIDS (Niangkulia) has been set aside only for those suffering from HIV/AIDS (Niangkulia). The Niangkulia disease is spreading rapidly in the state, which will pose a serious threat to the people of the state as a whole.
These thighs are at the base of the thighs.
It is part of the Hamara SankalpViksit Bharat campaign, which focuses on reaching out to people in need, providing information, learning from the community and promoting the names of those who deserve to benefit.
He said that the traffic police have also directed the time limit for these trucks to travel from 9:00 pm to 6:00 pm to avoid traffic jam.
· Set up containment zones, according to the number of cases and contact tracing.
On the other hand, the court has directed the authorities not to take stingy on this issue as the complainant can appeal again if there is no action.
“There will be those who will come and fool you, you will forget the future, you remember the present, you will take that gift and that gift is for them to buy you and change you, the ideas “, said Bah Sounder and remember the people that they should stand firm on the right foundation not to be arranged in those 10 bajar for 5 years but they should have a good foundation before they arrive. that day, that it be not a curse.
They are published as follows: Article (4) of Article-1
In the third division, Umphyrnai beat Golflink 3-1
The court sentenced Chanky to 7 years imprisonment and a fine of T.10,000/- Karlus Kanai was involved in the murder of Marli Rabon at Mowtyrshiah Wah on 21st November Albad Phawa is involved in the murder of Linki Pale of Nongjngi District on 15th July
Me hear?" said the mother in a quieter voice.
He said that the registration centers have also been easier because they can be recruited in the sub-divisions and district headquarters which is very convenient.
Thanghkhar, Minister, instead of supporting but he also expects to get secession from the Garo (Mawphor 02.02.2022).
Many people agree with the introduction of the tax on synsar, but the most important issue is whether it is still appropriate to cultivate synsar in the coming days. Know that the synsar is a destroyer of the soil and a destroyer of other plants.
Yes, in fact, the political parties and candidates should have a basis that it is time at this time, to stop spending time thinking about such entertainment. However, they should conduct explanations, awareness campaigns that it is time to forget about these things a little bit and turn around and focus on the issues that are important to the nation.
Heavy rainfall in the middle of Saturday and Wednesday morning has caused landslides and road collapses and this landslide has separated Chyrmang Iongnoh village which is only a few kilometers from Jowai.
Meker Pyrtuh scored 25' and Chandame Suna 90'+1 for Mukhla Raij.
Thynroit's Aleric Wanswet scored 37 runs each from 36 balls and Doril June Pathaw took two wickets in two overs.
Regarding the excessive deterioration of the road, these reporters also spoke to the MLA of the area, Dr. Donkupar Roy, who admitted that the deterioration of the road in the area has been severe. He said that this road will reach Mawlong.
Shillong: U Bah Nathan Thangkhiew, resident of Nongkseh Upper Shillong, Basan Nongkseh, Hima Mylliem, who is also in charge of the Raid Marwet, has spoken on the occasion. One of the issues that has affected the state in these days is the border between the Hima Mylliem and Assam and other issues.
Newspapers improve the knowledge of a variety of words in writing and the grammar of readers.
The following have been named as attempts to develop in what is still to be dealt with with full authority over the word: Jail : means along, prison, prison-along is the prison where the wicked are imprisoned; prison is a room where the wicked are shut up; prison is a place where the wicked are imprisoned so that they cannot escape.
The session was adjourned after Jaya Bachchan clashed with ruling BJP members in the Rajya Sabha today.
Therefore, the disease should wake us up, especially us the citizens, we should surprise people to come and discuss together, to ask, to destroy, to shape and to create society. fresh.
“If you have a strong decision, many opportunities open up to achieve your dreams in life,” he said.
Saleng took part in the discussion on the deterioration of roads, poor driving conditions and non-compliance with the rules and regulations issued by the transport department.
Liam Neeson, one of Hollywood's most famous actors, has spoken about his inability to imagine rising in the Hollywood industry and becoming one of the stars who has attracted many. audience through the movies he acted in where Liam even still thinks very highly.
The state has 3847 beds allocated for COVID-19 patients across the districts.
The winners of the Block Level will play in the semifinals on Monday.
The Dorbar Pyllun Saphai said that if anyone is found to be in violation, they will be punished according to the rules and regulations of the village.
She said that in the next four days from 7th to 10th June, 165 students and Meghalayans will leave Imphal.
He said that even education has been affected by this disaster as many school children and students are living in fear and doubt about the future.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he told Rupang that he has nothing to do with anyone.
According to police sources, the complaint was lodged after the man and his daughter had been married since July this year. In November this year, his daughter fell ill and was taken to a hospital in Shillong for treatment.
The NPP candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang, has alleged that it is the United Democratic Party (UDP) which has been involved in the removal of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong. this election.
Recently, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, told the Legislative Assembly that about 60 out of 100 or 60% of the children who attend school in Shillong use private vehicles, and there are only 15 schools which have come forward to play chess. express the readiness to use the buses.
This disease causes the leaves to stem and turn red.
The family members have lodged an FIR at Nartiang Police Station.
Rural Bank Pynursla BranchPlease send us your A/c No. Mobile No.
Everestarly Rynjah scored the last goal in the 83rd minute.
The Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the present government's approach to reducing the duration of the session to discuss and discuss various issues shows that her willingness to run away from her responsibilities.
Although the KSU does not support crime, at the same time it suggests that ways and means should be sought to resolve this issue.
Furthermore, the union questioned whether the district authorities of Ribhoi have received any information from Assam before implementing the electricity distribution scheme at Madan Umwang and other development works. It is time for the district authorities of Ribhoi to remove all these electricity posts built by Assam because this shows that Assam does not respect each other as agreed.
The Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has allocated T.1,251 crore to the State Government for the project. He is also the MLA of Pynursla constituency.
In the past few years, the reason for the conflict between the two is because Ranbir has cheated on Deepika by having a relationship with Katrina and at the same time he has cheated on her. Katrina by secretly dating Alia who is also a close friend of Kat.
“The race will be launched by Bah Shakliar in the presence of the Director of Sports, Kong Isawanda Laloo.
The first idea of ​​the flag was based on the identity of India as a nation to fight against the British.
In a letter sent to the Governor, the CEM of GHADC said that according to Rule 6 (1) of the GHADC, the Governor has been empowered to accept the MDCs who have been sent. The Executive Committee (EC) of GHADC has not been appointed by the State Government.
In human nature it is easy to forget principles.
These practices damage the forests, hills and valleys and destroy the environment.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi District Council, Bah TW Chyne, today denied that the Council has already approved the construction of the railway line at Byrnihat.
The body of the policeman was exhumed at 11 pm and the post mortem was conducted at 2:30 pm, which lasted three and a half hours.
It took several hours to extinguish the fire, because although it started at 9 pm, but until 5 pm the fire was still burning. there has been no accident or injury.
In 1962, Prof. GG Swell was elected MP and Babu W. Reade (Shillong), Bah HE Pohshna (Jowai), SDD Nichols Roy (Sohra), BB Lyngdoh (Nongpoh) and HS Lyngdoh (Nongstoin) were elected MLAs. .
Speaking to reporters at his residence, the MLA said that during his meeting with the EE, he learned that the department has already introduced These 30 villages have been allocated electricity under the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY).
They include the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, who will attend the celebration in Shillong, Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State in Nongstoin, Kyrmen Shylla in Nongpoh. in Jowai, Thomas A. Sangma, Speaker of Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in Tura, Marcuise N. Marak in Williamnagar, Rakkam A. Sangma in Baghmara, Comingone Ymbon, Minister in Resubelpara, AL Hek, Minister in Mawkyrwat, AT Mondal in Ampati, Dr M.Ampareen Lyngdoh in Khliehriat and Bah Shakliar Warjri in Mairang.
He said that if you count the songs he has already composed including Gospel songs, election songs, songs of political parties and football clubs and others are not less than 8,0
Through this, the problems of access to services are being addressed as soon as possible so that the country can look forward to transforming into a developed country or Viksit Bharat @2
We will start implementing this new project after the trial,” Goyal said.
The CEM said that they don't want two or three more martens but they will work hard to ensure that the disposal of garbage will bring benefits to the area. and the inhabitants of the surrounding villages were afraid.
He said that the sericulture scheme which should have been in Ri Bhoi has been moved to Ampati. He said that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has not done anything for the state but all the schemes that have been planned. The water resources project worth Rs 20 crore has been transferred to Ampati.
UDP Secretary Shemhok Garok and former MDC of JHADC Shemhok Garok and J Treilang Suchiang have been fighting for tickets.
The Nongpoh Proper Youth Association on the 13th of this month opened the 4th Open to All Berchem Cup 2024 in Ri Bhoi District. “Iawer Lang ban Pyniatylli” which started with the matches between the basketball teams which impressed the spectators who came to witness the opening ceremony at the Sajer Basketball Stadium, Nongpoh. , Ri Bhoi District.
“All these misunderstandings are due to the presence of devils in this area who are our Garo people who are not from Shallang but who come from Shallang. other places and those insurgents are the Achiks or our Garo tribe,” said Gabriel Sangma.
The murder of the woman, who allegedly was her husband, has angered the people and the village authorities have decided to search for him.
Director DSEL, West Jaintia Hills and R Lamar, Retired Principal Williamson Sangma Govt.
Farmers in particular have been severely affected by the lack of rainfall and are left in the dark about what they need to do during the sowing season.
“That is the arrangement for the requirement to check how many kilos, when we say the harvest...it means the harvest of laki-laka on the part of the buyers...10, 15, or 20 kilos hatefully.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : The Congress on Tuesday requested the Election Commission to provide security for its Gambegre candidate Saleng A Sangma due to the increasing threat to his life.
However, be clear that this does not apply to those women who are respectful and God-fearing and who have a good and right understanding that as women, because God created women, women should remain women. hi for ever and ever.
However, the incident came to light after the family members went to seek help from the Sengbhalang. According to the FIR, David had left the girl (who was sitting on a motorcycle) in Jengjal. “I was taken to the Outpost and kept there until late at night. There was a fire in the Outpost that night. The officer who had arrested me came to torture me, then they took me home,” said the child.
There are about 40 outside the city.
This has led to a strong desire to grant up to 99 years which is against the interests of the Meghalaya government,” she said.
During the curfew, the Ri Bhoi Police have carried out many good deeds and that is that they have distributed food items to the poor families in manla and areas within the district. .
Forty-five days have been given to the relevant departments to take action against the mining in the surrounding areas of Wah Umkhen, which is the source of drinking water for New Shillong Township.
He said that Bah Jason S Mawlong is still loved and supported by many people to win the upcoming elections and as one of the leaders who has been involved in politics, along with Jason S Mawlong will contest from Umsning Constituency.
He also criticized the government for instead of improving roads and bridges especially in the rural areas, it has decided to bring in railway lines and coke factories.
Now the question is, who can blame me for this change in Jowai Sma Town???.
Another task that the BJP has said it will do is to remove the Non Schedule Areas or areas which do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. The laws of the District Council shall not apply.
The Dorbar Shnong has urged the sellers and buyers of land in Khlieh Lamanang including Ankur Star Kympat and Romario Sungoh not to occupy the land of the village and to occupy according to the size of their patta. to avoid any conflicts.
So correction is needed.
The chairperson said that she will meet again after two months, and has directed the district authorities, the social welfare department and the police department to take measures to prevent the violence. and to find ways and means to curb such activities which have affected the state and the society.
Increase the GER in higher education to 50%;xvi.
At one interval, while we were eating; a friend from Europe ate the kait with the snep, adding: “It's a good vitamin.
Babu Kri urged the police department to withdraw the BSF from the area where they are currently stationed (Wah Rymben) so that the children will not be afraid especially now that the time to harvest synsar is approaching.
Finally, we urge the citizens to continue their struggle and demand that the CAA 2019 should be repealed in accordance with the laws and rights granted by the Constitution.
The people are waiting for the Ministry of Tourism to consider and take a decision on these demands on the grounds that most of the residents of Meghalaya are Christians compared to others. other religious groups.
The Election Commission has named the election as a festival of democracy.
The 144 CRPC is not a law to prohibit public meetings that protest illegally.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong has slammed the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) including former MLA Embhalang Syiemlieh. On Saturday evening, Bah Embhahlang B.Syiemlieh and his team were welcomed into the National People's Party (NPP) by the National People's Party (NPP). NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, State President Dr WR Kharlukhi, Working President Prof Donkupar War, Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, National People's Youth Front (NPP) leaders were also present. (NPYF), Rambrai MDC Bah Bajop Pyngrope and others.
Such offenders will be arrested and punished by the law.
Jowai, Jymmang 09: Police in West Jaintia Hills District today seized 13 grams of heroin weighing about 152 grams worth 76 lakh tyngka.
The Additional DMHO, Ri Bhoi District, Dr D Blah, said, “After the implementation of this payment application in the district, it has encouraged many ASHA workers as they can now get incentives from time to time and especially in the time, which was never the case before".
The theft has been investigated by the Delhi Police and found to be true.
On the other hand, Amit Shah not only phoned me on the 18th evening but also promised to take action to help the state by sending central government officials soon to inspect these. destroyed and damaged by the floods in this state".
Malki will play against Meghalaya Police on the 20th.
Speaking to reporters, KP Pangñiang said that in order to renew the demand for a state, a Co-ordination Committee has been set up between the HSPDP and the GNC. The HSPDP President will be Augustine Marak General Secretary, Nickman Marak Vice President GNC Co Chairman and members will be Norbin Marak, Philip Sangma, B.K.
The two arrested were identified as Chiang CH Sangma and Walnen A Sangma, who are also leaders of the party in the Harara area.
The meeting was conducted by the Organizing Secretary of the KSU, Samla Ostanic Marbaniang.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has vowed to hold a mass protest if the government cannot address the shortage of electricity supply to the people in the state.
The world will no longer be able to rule over the Jews as it did thousands of years ago and they will no longer be able to enslave them around because the time of God's appointment of the Jews has come to an end.
The President of FKJGP said that most of the vehicles are not only from Sohra, but also from Shella, Majai Mawsahew, Laitduh and other villages. Many vehicles have to return to their villages without going to Shillong.
Of course, even if we use chemicals, we cannot remove the smell.
Instead of fighting against corona, they are fighting against each other.
“In our opinion, it will be difficult for the staff of this PHC to provide even if they work hard,” said the statement.
However, women are still treated in many ways by men to the point that it is difficult to trust them.
She said that as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, she will request the report and will inform the public what is mentioned in the report on this tragic incident.
Out of the 958 missing persons from East Khasi Hills in the past 5 years, 180 persons are still missing while 12 persons have died (7 males in 2022 and 5 in 2023 – 4 males, 1 female) after finding them.
Shillong, Lber 24 : The Meghalaya Government has not yet received the No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) regarding the railway line to Shillong. .
The march started from Pune and traveled about 800 km before reaching the city during the session of the Maharashtra Legislature.
At the same time, the DC should call for training for drivers.
Hamedahun Lamurong scored 54', 67' for Mulieh while Sikel Nyalang scored 31' for Umlong.
The success of this section depends on our understanding of how much we appreciate this special right to freedom.
In Shillong and Khasi Hills, these Smart Energy Meters are not needed because the revenue collection is sufficient as it is now and therefore it should be done in areas where the revenue loss/commercial loss is high like in Garo Hills. In Garo Hills, it should be started as a pilot project and if possible, it will be started in other places).
This road has been constructed under the MNREGS scheme, but during the rainy season it is filled with snow and vehicles except four wheel trucks.
“I felt like I was in another world.
• We are too stupid for the candidates who are businessmen but we don't remember that they rely on the Dakhars for their income, not all of them are like that but there are only a few who stand on their own feet and who still love the country.
Since the incident, the Weigh Bridge, as it is now, has been closed down by the District authorities of Ri Bhoi.
Along with the participation of the police in the march, youths from all over the Ri Bhoi district also joined in the programme.
E.Tariang, MRW, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, South West Khasi Hills District, gave a keynote address on the occasion. B.Wanniang, Supervisor, District Social Welfare Office, Mawkyrwat gave the welcome speech.
The plan of the Sengbhalang to discuss the Inner Line Permit issue with the Union Home Minister Amit Shah has failed after the Home Minister refused to talk due to his urgency. to go to Assam and take only the petition.
As it is, the investigation has been conducted along with other requirements.
“The people of Pynursla know me well even though I lost in 2013 but I don't leave them and they know that winning as an independent candidate is easier for them because those who win from the party if the people “If you don't need an MLA, you have to go to the party leaders first,” he said.
Among the deceased were former vicars general and provincial superiors of various religious organizations and sisters working in Catholic hospitals and other educational institutions.
Bah Warjri said that the purpose of testing the cows imported by the doctors is to know whether the cows are healthy or not before the meat vendors buy the cows. The meat that they sell to the people will not harm them if they eat the meat of the cow.
Speaking to reporters on the 10th Anniversary of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, Conrad said the ban on coal mining is one of the challenges for the government besides the border dispute.
He won until his defeat in the 2008 elections.
Dilip also opened the door to sing with Kumar Sonu and promised not only to end here, but also to strive to enter the Bollywood industry to become an Indian Playback Singer in Bollywood films and the song was recorded at Fend Recording Studio.
Then prepare part by part and finally stir together those parts to make one.
Shortly after the final, both the halves of the match ended in a draw with no goals scored, so in order to decide the winner, the referees Ri Bhoi United FC beat Blue Bombers FC in the tie breaker. In the tie breaker, Ri Bhoi United FC won the tie breaker. Blue Bombers FC, who won the final, received a cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy.
He said that there are more than 1500 Khasi living in the district because they earn their living by farming kwai and tymmen and other daily activities.
Therefore, we must be vigilant and not allow the authorities to start trading their inheritance so that it will improve the income of the people of the state as a whole.
Regarding the donation, Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, said that the reason for the donation was to help the family. and such a calamity befell him, because all that was in the house was destroyed.
The interview will be held on the 27th March, 2023 at the office of DC Khliehriat at 11 am.
Shillong: A day before the polling day, it was learned that there have been discussions between the leaders of various political parties and the NPP to form an Executive Committee which should not be led by the Congress. When inquired, it was said that the party with the most MDCs will lead the Executive Committee while the CEM candidate will be elected by the MDCs. who wins.
This violence by the Assam police and Nepali troops shows that the Meghalaya government cannot provide adequate and complete protection to the Khasi people in the area.
He said that the Department in collaboration with the C&RD has conducted an inspection of all the Anganwadi Centers in the State and on the basis of this, it was found that 273 Centers are to be demolished and rebuilt. .
The scheme was announced ahead of the 2021 Assembly elections, which has been an opportunity for the TMC to discuss it in many elections.
YOU ARE LOOKING FOR WAYS TO IMPROVE ME:- There are times when children impress their parents by doing against their wishes.
“Therefore, to protect the environment and living creatures, it is now necessary for mankind to wake up from their sleep and not to damage the environment by fighting to restore the environment as it used to be. report before".
When the family members called the hospital again, the answer was that they had called wrong, but Devrambhai died.
Speaking at the meeting, the General Secretary of the HYC said that we demand ILP because we don't want to be mynder in our own country. 3 years without implementation of ILP in the State.
Marak (Amongpara), Sadhiarani M Sangma and Dengnakpara, Stevie M.Marak (Boldamgre), Moppish R.Marak (Nogorpara), Jogadish Ch.
Fear fell at the foot of the Cross.
Those in the B Category will receive an honorarium of Rs 10,000 per month, 50 liters of petrol per month, 1 liter of mobile phone per month and Rs 10,000 per month.
They live only where there are political advantages, they are quick to turn around three or four times a year and they don't care what happens.
According to the CSWO, there are 5328 villages in Meghalaya which have been affected by electricity till 30th November,
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing Mawthadraishan Circle will hold a blind penalty football shoot-out and the first prize will be T.3 -and, T.2000 and T.
Shillong, July 30: The Dorbar of Chief Executive Members under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshing today met again to discuss the outcome of the Government's call for a speech on the 20th July.
Steffi Niza W.Snaitang, who has reached the 2nd position of the top 20 in the Final Examination 2022 of the HSSLC in Science Stream with a score of 477 marks from St. Edmunds College, Shillong.
The letter was sent to the political parties on the basis of information and complaints to the Election Commission that in the MLA elections, 2023, the political parties have used the children during elections in connection with campaigning, public meetings and election campaigns.
The Minister also gave the figures of those who have paid electricity bill and these include T.7,25,45,196 in Ribhoi District, T.64,47,402 in East Khasi Hills and T.42,15,570 in West Khasi Hills. District, T.35,005,375 in South West Khasi Hills, T.64,35,576 in East Jaintia Hills, T.9,47,27,905 in West Jaintia Hills, T.13,14,162 in East Garo Hills, T.1.12,4 T.1,89,583 in North Garo Hills, T.7,29,303 in South Garo Hills and T.7,29,303 in South Garo Hills. Shillong: Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Leader of the Congress Party, on Tuesday strongly criticized NEEPCO for not sending a letter to the State Government. to reduce the supply of electricity in Meghalaya if the government cannot pay the debt owed to the electricity company in the North East.
We will not allow the great country of India to be divided into two parts, for freedom of worship to be destroyed.
The Minister also made it clear that the release of the funds will depend on the availability of funds.
He said that it was Father Phillip Giraldo who sent Father Alex Dkhar to invite him to study priesthood.
Your health is important.
The new members of the HNYF for the term 2023 to 2026 include Bah Phaskal Nongrum as President, Tibarwell Marweiñ as General Secretary, Charlie Mawlieh as Finance and others.
This can have serious implications for the future of students who are the offspring of parents of unusually high status.
They said that looking at the situation of the Khasi people these days, it is only in West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills that the Khasi have a sufficient population.
According to sources from the party, no candidates have registered their names until the hour of the election and no candidates intend to contest against the president of the party in the state. u Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh, who is the only one who has completed all the documents to register and who is ready to contest the election. U Bah Khlur wanted to continue as President but the announcement by the BJP leaders who came from Delhi has angered many members of the party in the state. office.
He said that all three have the intention to join the Bhartiya Janata Party.
Bengaluru: The discussion on the use of the language in Karnataka has reignited after one of the volunteers, Rakshaka Vidike, announced a protest against the use of the language in Karnataka. and demand that the Canadian language be used on about 60 percent of signboards as soon as possible.
However, Kitboklang Pale scored a hat-trick in the 85th minute to strengthen the team's lead to three points. .
The Adviser of the party, Bah David Khongmuid, informed the youth about the existence of various government and private educational institutions in the state such as NIFT, He also explained that youths can register themselves at the Employment Exchange of the State Government for various trainings in relation to self-employment. .
After the post mortem and the burial of SI Marbaniang, the journalists tried to talk to the doctors who conducted the post mortem, but the doctors did not respond. to say something.
Sahu said; “This forum has opened up to them on the necessary information related to the challenges that will be faced in implementing this initiative.
The UHM members visited Sabuda village to encourage the relatives of these three Khasi youths.
An Indonesian plane carrying 62 people has crashed into the Java Sea after falling from an altitude of 50,000 feet this afternoon.
Bholaganj Police have recovered the body of the deceased and after completion of all the necessary procedures, the body will be handed over to the family members, police said.
At the same time, he criticized some political parties and leaders who have spoken against the NPP during the election campaigns, despite their cooperation with the party.
Third, policy priorities need to be prioritized and taken into account so that they can be implemented in such a way that the foundation is solid.
The Himalayan Vulture (Gyps himalayensis) has been attacked by a group of vultures in the area.
In the first leg, Top-G managed to take the lead 16-10, before Purr-ple managed to return to the lead by 16-1 won the second half 16-1
Those who attended the ceremony included Bah Skan Rani, Vice President of HNYF, Sengkmie, Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Ri Bhoi, Bah Edilbert Nongrum. , General Secretary of the HNYF in Ri Bhoi District and other leading office bearers of the HNYF.
And that time will be the most difficult time for the Earth and for Israel.
Therefore, there are many more such things that we should think about and preach in the living rooms, which is a test of whether we have become enlightened people or not.
On the other hand, he said that during the inspection of the union, the construction of this road was not good but he just rushed to complete it and it is a loss for the people.
In another incident, in Mairang Constituency, the people of Mairang Constituency have sent a video to the media showing a voter who is throwing a stick against the shab of the voter. the Bomb.
Speaking as the Head of MBS&G, Ma W.Lyngdoh said that this is part of the education program where the Scouts, Guides, Rovers and Rangers receive a lot of information and benefits in various ways. especially to shape the human being in terms of well-being and also to help others and work for the community.
After a while, Lydia said, “Mama, I'm sorry, I'm going.
The union has promised to investigate through RTI to find out whether the road has been constructed according to the Detailed Project Report and whether the road has been constructed by German engineering will take only six months.
The MBoSE has already issued a written notice to the publishers and distributors, and if anyone does or takes too much price, a complaint should be lodged with the police.
Seven colleges have come to take part in the three-day tournament which started on the 17th.
The issue of renewal of the Reservation Policy (RP) has stirred up the people of Khasi Hills in the past few days and from this incident we can see more important results, which will benefit them. Khasi-Khara children of this nation.
Individual awards include Maria Thabah for the best player, Ibadaphun Nongsiej for the best goalkeeper and Bankyntiew Ryntathiang for the top scorer.
The Commissioner of Police, Guwahati, Mukesh Agarwal said that the blast occurred inside the garbage dump. He said the forensic report is awaited and after that it can be confirmed.
“There is a saying that the leader in the state doesn't do anything bad but he does well for the area he leads because remember that if the state falls, Pynursla will also fall, if corruption is terrible in the state. Pynursla state will also be affected,” he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said that the victory of the BJP in 2019 is not expected.
If only one hour of time was stolen every day.
The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District has requested all the residents of these villages which fall under the Containment Area and other residents of other villages to cooperate and join hands to provide assistance to them. contact tracing teams will come to their villages to collect information, to get the names of all those people who have been in contact with those who have been infected with COVID-1
That is why people often say the words “How much do you earn?” or “How much do you earn?” This is the word that they often ask after this time.
He said that as school children especially they need school mental health because most of the school children are affected by this disease and cannot control the problems they face in their lives. .
Nongpoh: The Union Bank of India (UBI) Nongpoh Branch will be closed for two days from the 28th to the 30th of this month.
LUM KSHAID UNITF.Nikhla-Vice President.
This program is also the beginning of hope for the emerging players by opening up the opportunity for them to get proper training with the participation of skilled trainers.
“The UDP and HSPDP have shown the image of Rilum for many years, the UDP for 26 years and the HSPDP for more than 50 years and the VPP is right or wrong. “I'll see how it goes,” he said, adding that it is a fact among the national parties.
Fan Yifei, deputy governor of China's central bank, said banks have been ordered to issue new currency from now on to prevent the spread of the disease, which may also be through telecommunications. court money.
Shillong, July 24: Several MDCs have moved a motion in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the order issued by the National Green Tribunal to ban coal and shyiap mining.
The Colonial Government in 1930 passed the Dangerous Drugs Act 1930 and the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act 1985 to curb the illegal use and trafficking of drugs.
We Khasi follow the Christian religion while we are still taking the jait from our mother or father.
He said that the majority of the allocation is also for the strengthening of various departments of the JHADC for the purpose of bringing about a clean working environment.
“On the other hand, the union has directed the MSU to take action to ensure that the students from other states should be in peace and harmony and this incident should not cause trouble to them. students from other states because it is their family business".
He said that according to the investigation, the fire may have been caused by an electrical fault.
Three districts in Garo Hills have reached 95 percent Adhar card registration and two districts have reached 95 percent, while Ribhoi and West Jaintia Hill districts have reached 95 percent. good.
Besides, from time to time, the government has been trying to increase the income of the people through tourism, but if it does not take action to improve the roads, the tourists will not want to go.
This comes after the NHRC took action regarding reports in the media regarding the death of a person undergoing treatment at a private drug de-addiction centre. the third time.
I would like to urge you through these symbols of my heart to convey to you brothers and sisters that the time has come for us to give our support to the Sengbhalang through prayers or prayers. suggestions or any steps you can take so that they can serve the nation better.
Sunn said the power outage was like a shilliang where the power outage lasted for many hours in the area while in other areas the power outage was reduced.
However, the most important discussion during the meeting with the MDCs was on the issue of the lack of funds of the GHADC. They said that for three months the employees of the Council including the MDCs have not received their salaries. There is no need for another way to produce money, especially since the groundwater has been closed.
Writing on his Facebook page, Sudhakaran said that when he learned of the incident, he ordered the suspension of the employees involved in the incident.
This man should be commended for his vision and spirit of thinking for the good of the community.
However, I cannot say anything because this is not the responsibility of DoNER”.
On the other hand, the Minister said that in many places, there are CDPOs who have to look after 2 Block, but this will now change as 6 persons have been recruited and these will serve in the departments. working without CDPOs – which has affected the work of the department.
It is believed that people from China, Japan, Korea and other countries are more likely to develop myopia.
However, even after more than 120 minutes of play, one team did not allow the other to score and the tie-breaker was held after the end of the match.
Shukla said that even he tries to read and communicate with the Khasi in Khasi as much as possible.
Here is the discussion of what has been complained to the Ri Bhoi areas, that when the forests are destroyed, the trees are cut down, that the responsibility lies with the village headmen, hima headmen and the The incident in Lumshnong is the best example we can take.
Speaking to reporters, Pastor Iashanboklang Ryntathiang said that the release of this Khasi Worship Album is only for those who worship and serve God.
As soon as the BSF troops arrived at the scene, the Bangladeshi khar fled and disappeared in the middle of the night in the dense forests and due to heavy rain.
“The NPP will have to think about its alliance with this red party.
However, those who wish to apply must follow these rules.
P.B.S “Have you come late?” asked the father and greeted him.
Most of the people learned that Phan Nonglait had dressed the French soldiers by forcing them to give them kyiad until they were drunk and took and hid their guns and the soldiers. Tirot Singh, killed about 32 of David Scott's soldiers.
Kharbani said that in these years, the people of Meghalaya have faced many problems in terms of income, employment, education but the government she could not help the people.
The meeting was led by the President of the KSU, Ferdynald Kharkamni, Lambok Rymbai, Pius Pathaw, Rangbah Shnong of Lawpyllun, A.Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Lawpyllun. Asst.Secretary of Lawbywa and land owners including the Corruption Act and Corruption Deisimai.
School teachers shall not be misused in any other capacity besides teaching and school related activities.
We want to ask when we are in the shatri of the dorbar shnong why the Syiem will hold a dorbar to convene only three villages. system in this voting there were 23 voters who voted against the division of Mawpun while three voters voted against the division of Mawpun.
The photograph circulated on Tuesday showing the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit and the Speaker of the Sohiong Constituency, U The group of owners and drivers of commercial vehicles in Ri Bhoi through the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of All Ri Bhoi Passengers Vehicles (ARBPV) on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya to explain the problem they are facing due to the government's non-payment of their outstanding money. regarding the MLA election this year and also the COVID-19 pandemic in the past years.
Shillong, Lber 15: While introducing the budget in the House today, Dr Mukul Sangma proposed a budget of T.12873 crore to be spent for the year 2017-1 salaries of government employees and implementation of government development projects.
The new market site is located on the land of Umsning Town Dorbar which covers an area of ​​4 acres which is twice the size of the existing market.
Luckystar Shylla (53) scored the first goal for West Madan Mustem.
In the second match, St. Edmund's College, Shillong beat 11-10 on penalties.
When asked about the measures taken by the government to address this issue, Marak said the government has taken measures including the establishment of a training center to train school leavers, training to teachers in this regard.
This will prevent you from losing your temper.
The event was sponsored by the Rotary District Literacy Chair (DLC) and was inaugurated by the Advisor, DLC, RID-3240, Prof. Bibhash Chandra Daspurkayastha.
The Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India today announced that the reopening of schools for classes 9 to 12 will be from 21st November
Those who witnessed the ceremony were Minister of State and MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills E Kharmalki and Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, Dolloi. Puramon Kynjing, Seinraij Tuber President R Harvis Phawa, General Secretary Jobly Sana and others.
It is encouraging (perhaps) for Christians to see that the Prime Minister has greeted them on the celebration of Easter Sunday and it is also filling them with joy when the Prime Minister has announced a prayer. together, for the resurrection of Jesus Christ, the Son of God.
Besides the discussion on peace and order, drugs and welfare in the villages, there was also a discussion on how to take measures to prevent the spread of drugs. spread of Covid-1
Nongstoiñ, March 25: The WKSU has demanded that the state government through the Department of Arts and Culture should acquire its own building and set up a fully functional District Library in Nongstoin.
“The first goal is to qualify for the World Cup, which we have achieved, the second goal is to win this tournament, and that we have done.
When Meghalaya became independent in 1972, Annada Gphain had to return to Assam.
According to the history, Thomas Jones introduced the English Alphabet without removing the characters that were not needed in the Sohra language at that time.
Because of differences of opinion with her husband, they came to divorce.
One person died in Vashi in Navi Mumbai, bringing the death toll to 15 across the country and more than
Even now she understands that it was probably because of the jealousy that caused Kongthei to come and trouble.
They have sent letters to the Director of Schools and Education Literacy of Meghalaya and demanded the immediate appointment of teachers at the school. The SDSEO of East Jaintia Hills District Unit, Kong P.Dkhar has also met with the SDSEO of East Jaintia Hills District Unit to discuss the issue. East Jaintia Hills District Education Department has released the job advertisement for the post of Science Teacher at Rymbai Govt.
JOWAI: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle led by Joplang Kharnaior together with other HYC members in the presence of Sordar Shnong Peter Anton Umwi has distributed sleeping bags to the victims of the cyclone on the 27th of this month. month on Friday.
It is hoped that there will be a way to resolve these issues later,” she said, adding that the court will hear the case again on the 13th of June.
The ITI was constructed at a cost of T.7 crore through the ESDI Scheme of the Government of India.
And now under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi we hope that this party will fight for the rights of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that women in the state have the courage and this is evident in the recent recruitment of the Special Force-10 (SF). -10) where about 80 percent choose to join the Police Commando.
On this occasion, the journey of Bah Rana from the beginning to the end of his career and until his death on the 21st of June was also showcased. , 2021.
That is why God warns man by saying, “The love of money is the love of money, the love of money, and the love of money.”
He said that the Hima will bury these underground water pipes which belong to the Hima and the Municipal.
We will implement it strictly and therefore as the EM I urge the traders to understand that this is not a discrimination against anyone because this Act brings about understanding between the farmer and the trader,” he said. she said.
On the other hand, JACATAM expresses its regret that the state government has acted unfairly especially on the part of the Minister of Education, Dr RC.Laloo.
Hek replied that there is no assistance, but the scheme stipulates that there is an insurance of 4,000 tyngka per pig.
Dongmihsngi and Mynthong won the opening day of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
“On our part, we will send a letter to the government to call for talks with all three ADCs in the state to discuss this issue so that we can send our views,” he said. u Mr. Pyneid.
Those who reach the goal we hope will continue to work harder in the future, so that you can achieve the goal you want because your goal is still far away you need to work harder.
In India, the number of cases of covid-19 has risen to 38,902 and the death toll has risen to
“We will not stand idly by in this regard, we will follow up with the Forest Department if this is true,” said Samla Shngaiñlang Sohklet. President KSU Upper Shillong Circle and Samla Shelkitbok Kharbani General Secretary KSU Upper Shillong Circle.
The TMC has also appointed MDC Pardinand D. Shira from Mendipathar in place of Marthon Sangma.
Nongstoiñ, November 5: Ka Seng Khasi, which is one of the traditional religions of the Khasi people, which still holds the customs and traditions of the past, which is also a symbol of the the nature and uniqueness of the nation within the land of Hynniewtrep.
Candidates know how to clean up before the election as they use brut only during the shutdown.
Lber 19: Another person has been arrested in connection with an IED blast on the 9th of this month in Mawlong Market, police said on Tuesday.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 27: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has scheduled the polling in Meghalaya to be held on 27th June. that model village.
In 2003, he was defeated by Bah Paul Lyngdoh who is now MLA from West Shillong Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Traffic jam has spread across the city today and the traffic jam has spread even to the Upper Shillong area. Umshyrpi Bridge until it reached 6 mer, the vehicles were stopped.
She said that from 2006-2007 to 2011-2012, the state government falls under category 'A' where it receives 100 percent assistance from the central government.
It is a fact that it is very difficult to run a synrop Government and there is no guarantee that all the work will go smoothly and everyone will agree.
The SP (city) said that before they do this, they pretend to be good people by acting like passengers and offering drinks to the drivers who have been cleaned. drunk.
However, there will be a question whether Bah Paul, Bah Ardent can cooperate in politics with the parties that include Dr. Mukul Sangma as they have been strongly opposed to the party. Dr. Mukul Sangma has been in the Congress for many years.
This is the main reason why the Government authorities have forgotten to implement the Protocols during the Bye-Election between these three Constituencies.
Police of East Khasi Hills District have arrested five persons for allegedly burning a vehicle at Laitumkhrah Police Station. Khasi and two foreigners.
They said, “We know where this man comes from!” John 7:2
They prevent the latter from progressing.
Shani Louk confirmed the identity of the woman on Twitter through a tattoo that she is her sister from Germany.
The purpose of the ceremony was to offer thanksgiving for the blessings that the village has received under the protection of the Lei Shnong-Lei Raij. Mookhai, Mooralong, Moosniang, Mootong and the Myntdu River.
When you are not willing, it is very difficult to deceive.
And we don't have to stay the same.
When it is enough for others, it is enough for me.
Discussions are ongoing at the highest level of the state government,” the report said.
During his visit to these villages, the DGP also talked to the people he met to ask them about the problems they are facing and what they expect from the police.
After being able to force her inside, the man went around the place and forced the Heprit in a quieter place.
Not only that, but they also conspired with King Balram Singh, the King of the Rani Hima, because he fought against King Tirot Singh on Bordwar.
Abul Phawa Waheh Shnong Mihmyntdu and other elders of the Phawa clan were also present at the distribution.
In a statement, the leaders of these two organizations said that the JSU and JYF have not forgotten or abandoned the issue of ILP until these days. I don't know and I don't know if there is another ILP called Modify/Modern ILP, and I don't know if there are many ILPs but what I know is that there is only one ILP. They are still standing firm on the ground to demand the implementation of only one ILP under the Eastern Bengal & Frontier Regulation
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: An Assam Rifles soldier identified as PK Jamatia (38) has fallen at Laitlum, Smit at 3:15 pm on the 26th of this month. and he went and visited the house.
And if you ask where the 7 Trep came from, the answer is that it came from far away and they don't say that the 7 Trep came from 12 years ago.
Not only that, the illegal work of brokers in office jobs has deprived many of the rights of young job seekers who have completed various education and training.
In a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the KSKBuH leaders were informed that the Government will take it to the Legislative Assembly on the 9th, November,
Therefore, the Council demands that the education department of the state government should review and not rush to accept and implement the new NEP in the state,” he added. .
Shillong: U AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, today told Doordarshan Shillong that all those who have recently returned home have tested positive for coronavirus after being tested positive by RTPCR. Four cases from Tura, one case from Ri Bhoi and seven cases from East Khasi Hills have been confirmed positive.
The question is whether the public will understand to what extent the campaigns or news released through social media or the power of money will overwhelm all that comes through social media. be true or false.
“The arrest of me (Moina Sing Phyllut) by the OC of Jowai Polling Station at 12:00 pm is groundless, because I have nothing to do with it. “He was not at the polling station at the time of the EVM breaking,” said Ma Moina. He said that at the time of the EVM breaking, he was not at the polling station as alleged.
Speaking to media, the President of the Union, Kong Patricia Riahtam, said that the rally will be part of the demand that the government should listen to what they have been demanding since request all those employers to give unpaid leave to their employees on the 16th July so that the employees can take part in their march.
“We have acknowledged to the party members the government's decision to appoint an independent inquiry into the attack on Agnes Khashiing and Amita,” he said.
On the other hand, Prestone urged some of the villages not to drive these trucks because these trucks come to carry agricultural products from the state, because it will destroy the farmers. to the farmer who has come to sell his crops.
I want to have a clear purpose.
“What we can do, we cannot do.
The statement said that during the meeting, the union has lodged a complaint against these three factories on the finding of the union on the 9th of this month that they have violated the rules and regulations of the Meghalaya State. The Metropolitan Pollution Control Board (MSPCP) has established these factories without proper permits and clearance certificates from the Board.
All pig farmers and those who manage pig farms should check their health.
Shillong, March 24: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills have announced that all schools will be closed due to heavy rainfall which started yesterday and continued today. on the 25th of this month.
Police have arrested Sara, taken her to Laban PS and charged her under Section 363 IPC. She was taken to court while the child was handed over to her relatives after completing all the necessary procedures. need.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Officer Incharge (OC) of Byrnihat Police Outpost, Ribhoi District, has refused to accept the complaint filed against the Rangbah Shnong of Umdapduma, Bah Berar Maring. and Gram Sevak Bah Josis Nongrum for allegedly misusing the funds for the construction of houses from the IAY scheme in the village which was found through the Public Information Act.
When we turn to the protection of the country and the Hynniewtrep people and the indigenous peoples in Meghalaya from the invasion of the foreigners, we find that the State has not been able to introduce strong laws. ILP and MRSSA (Amendment Bill) and the State Government has not even been able to implement the MRSSA. The rule of India, the rulers of the State have not been able to create the world.
I don't listen to what happens.
On this occasion, the new supporters of the National People's Party (NPP) who joined the UDP of Ranikor Constituency were welcomed by Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency. also covered with the flag of the party.
Regarding the evasion of revenue from illegal coal mining as mentioned by Central Jowai MDC Bah A Andrew Shullai, the CEM said that they will try to find ways and means to curb this. theft for the benefit of the Council.
Although the match was very close, Mawpdang FC opened the scoring in the 35th minute through Wellborn Syiem after half an hour.
“We don't want the people living on the border to worry, to suffer, we shouldn't be happy in Shillong if the villagers on the border are suffering, they too should have the same rights as in the city,” he said. said Mr. Hamletson.
The first goal was scored by Blanangshngaiñ Khongsdam in the 11th minute.
Worse still, even if they don't know how to read and write, they have a good chance of becoming MP, MLA or MDC”.
But, the only thing I know is, that this topic has come to light and become a public debate and it can be on any platform and it can also reach the Supreme Court of in the country, in the Supreme Court".
They are unclean, they have no purity in their hearts, but they are deceitful, they don't love the race, they don't love the race of those who were born.
Drinking water in plastic bottles is not free of chemicals.
Bah Richard Nongbsap, who is a day labourer, has chosen the CCTV as his Shab to use in this election.
Media reports said that the insult was that the senior officers of the company used to phone their Khasi employees to come to work even after they had left their jobs. says the worst affected are those working in senior positions such as Engineers.
Shillong, Lber 27: After the examination of documents, and after the expiry of the deadline, no candidate has been nominated and all the candidates will contest the MP Lok Sabha elections. The Returning Officer of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Sanjay Goyal, who is also the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, said that no candidate has been nominated.
On the other hand, the party strongly condemns the MDA 2 government led by Conrad Sangma and strongly condemns the NHAI for its unfair behavior in relation to the problems faced by the people in the road. KSU East Jaintia Hills District has said that this shows that the government and NHAI have treated the people with contempt. At the same time, the KSU East Jaintia Hills District strongly condemns the construction of the National Highway. The two district leaders, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and Kong Santa Mary Shylla, for their inability to force the government to turn around and look after the welfare and health of the district. of their residents who are residents of East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that these two projects Phycoremediation Project and the tree planting project announced today will be successful with the cooperation of the people as any project requires the cooperation of the people.
He will fill the vacancy at this time when the darkness has come upon your home,” said a statement sent by Dr Ryngkat Phawa and Advocate Shitmon Pdang, leaders of Sur U Paitbah. East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat.
The death toll in the US is lower than in Italy and Spain, despite the 3,316 deaths in China.
The new Governor is 51 years old and a former BJP leader who also looks after West Bengal.
He turned the Khasi States into Tribal Areas of Assam and shopped the Khasi States and downgraded them to district status.
In this regard, the District Magistrate has enforced Section 144 CrPC against the movement of vehicles and persons within 1 km of the international border in South West Khasi Hills District from 24th March June to October 2,
Other vehicles such as MMVs/HMVs from West/East Jaintia Hills have to pass from Mawryngkneng to Shillong Bye-Pass.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The state agriculture department for the first time has sent 42 cow farmers to Gujarat and Siliguri, West Bengal to learn more about cow farming.
Two MLAs from the PDF have defected to the NPP and two MLAs from the HSPDP, one has joined the UDP and the other has joined the NPP. shu poi the time to choose a king.
“We must not alienate the earth or the earth will alienate us”.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA South Shillong, on Tuesday said that those who eat stolen money will get cancer, TB; Pastor Kyrsoi Bor Pyrtuh, has been opposed to this statement.
The construction of the hospital will cost about T 6,000 crore and will provide all the health facilities for the people of Faridabad, the NCR region and the country as a whole.
This is Meghalaya's first victory after playing Nagaland and losing to Sikkim earlier in the tournament.
Therefore, regarding the floods from time to time, the Rangbah Shnong urged the government department to take action to provide the roads, so that the people living in the area. The village will continue to experience such incidents in the future.
In this regard, he spoke about several projects like PM Gati Shakti, expansion of highways in the North East, increase in the number of airports operating under the UDAN scheme and progress. in telecom, transportation through residential areas, sacred forests, industrial parks and others.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The BJP Meghalaya on Saturday held a rally to condemn the recent attack by Indian troops on Pakistani troops in Uri in Jammu and Kashmir, which killed 18 people. residents of Khyndai Lad to express their opposition and strong condemnation to this act of wildlife.
Another report from the two Additional Deputy Commissioners West Jaintia Hills, Kong EL Warjri and MA Challam, said that there has been a dispute which has affected the peace and order in the village due to the dispute over the ground. .
ideas and club legends in the coming months of this year.
On the other hand, Minister of State and HSPDP MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that the party has no intention of leaving the MDA. He said that if there are any shortcomings or mistakes, the parties should bring them before the Coordination Committee for discussion.
Therefore, the union urges the relevant department, the contractor to send away those stones which are not suitable for the construction and to speed up the work.
Therefore, the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA) would like to invite the youth to take their time in the morning so that the talented youth can get more encouragement.
He said that the District Council will ensure that those foreigners who do not have a Trading License will not be able to do business within the boundary of the Council.
Ma Lammat said the prize money for the winners is T.2 lakh for the winner and T.1 lakh for the runner up along with a trophy and certificate.
“We are currently in the process of working and therefore we have decided that there will be a consultation with everyone before taking a decision.
In her struggle, she has also been accused of involvement in the killing of policemen, suspected spies and others.
This was announced by the Secretary, Social Welfare Department in a brief report submitted to the High Court on the hearing of the PIL filed by the Seng Khasi Hima Crematorium on Friday.
“We are different from each other, from the language to the Khasi-Jaintia, the customs and traditions, the culture, the way of life. “It's a different way of holding land, it's a different way of managing shyiap and it's a different way of ruling,” said Nikman.
In the U-17 Independence Day Cup, Khimusniang beat Khimusniang 2-0
“Until now, FASToM has intensified its protest demanding that the MDA Government should upgrade the Deficit Pattern but the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has refused to do so. He said that the Government will not be able to upgrade the Deficit System/Deficit Pattern to the Adhoc School Teachers as the Government is in the midst of a financial crisis.
“This may happen from the next session and not in this session which will be held on the 16th of this month when the members can speak in their own language,” he said.
It is wrong to judge ruling ministers/MLAs only by what they do in their constituency.
The 2nd Inter Village Football Tournament League was held at Sari Namdong B Ground, where six villages came to take part. The first match was Mukhnang vs. Mission Village.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Police have strengthened the fight against drug trafficking in the state and the police have arrested the traffickers with the cooperation and support of the people.
Serbilin Lyngdoh, Secretary Nongmynsaw Hima, while talking to reporters after leaving the DC's office, said that during the meeting, the DC promised to talk to the district authorities. of Kamrup not to harass the residents on the border, or to disrupt the peace and order of the residents.
On the other hand, Nongthymthy are in the bottom of the table with 3 points from 4 games.
The Acting Syiem said that the KHADC Bill is just a wild act of Bah Hilarious Wanniang and his people.
When contacted by this reporter, several Congress leaders from Garo Hills said that Mukul Sangma's intention to contest may be because he understands that he can. Ampati is a constituency with a mix of ethnic groups and many Hindus will support the BJP in this election. you can.
Speaking on the occasion, Arpirt Upadhayay, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, said that the MOU has been signed with the SELCO Foundation. SELCO Foundation to build maternity wards in rural areas according to modern technology so that it will not be too late for women who come to give birth at health centres.
Nabab was very pleased to receive that land, and agreed and gave him a place wherever the king wanted, because the land was so large that not a single person could live there. And he made a great feast for the king.
This has all changed because we are mysterious.
It has long border areas with Bangladesh and is easy for armed groups to use as transit points for entry and exit from Bangladesh.
“All these issues will be discussed by the Committee,” he said.
We thank the Creator that all of us including those who have tested positive for covid19 at home are in good health.
He said that if the contractor fails to complete the road within the month of June, the union will not hesitate to stage a protest or go to the court to demand their rights. to get as much as the government has already allocated funds for the improvement of the road.
Burnley are expected to play well in their first leg against City after losing 6-0 in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup last season.
Jansing said that the KHADC's plan to register land in the area has failed because many of the land owners in the area do not want to register because they are afraid of the threat of the Assam police. .
The DC's office has also requested the public to call (1) 1950 (2) 03638-296017 if they find anyone violating the Model Code of Conduct. (3) 70057-86077 and the District Administration shall take all necessary measures as provided for in this Act to ensure that there will be no disturbance to the peace and order of the people during the election of the Leaders of this District. The 2023 election will be held in the state.
Shillong: The Islamic Society, Shillong on Tuesday launched the Holy Quran translated into Khasi.
Nongpoh, Nailar, 14: The Joint Action Committee of Land Owners Shillong Western By-Pass has demanded that the state government should take over the land of the residents of Sumer area, Ri-Bhoi. They immediately protested against the violence of MeECL and decided to stand against the MeECL's attempt to destroy the land of the people in the area after the government planned to build a road in the area.
The construction of the market in Iawmusiang Jowai has been an election issue and once again this market will become an election issue.
After that they went to another place.
Although he has not been in politics for 20 years, he has not yet understood the politics of the world, especially the President Rule.
Russel Nongrum May 27, 2022 The PHE (electrical division) has decided to connect the Myntdu River with the Umngot River. PHE Water Treatment Plant at Urkhla, Jowai to distribute 7.59 million liters of drinking water per day to the entire city.
“You should stop harassing the poor families in Diringga just because they supported the BJP in the last MLA elections.
The word Christmas comes from two words, the Greek word "Christós" which means Christ and the Latin word "Mass" which means sacrifice.
He said that after they have approved, they have signed a strong soskular, in which all the landowners have signed and the soskular has been handed over to the Deputy Commissioner for implementation. what you need.
Amazon has issued a warning to those who use Echo Buds, that they may have a risk of using them and that is that these earbuds, can fall into the ear. while listening in the ear.
“For 40 years, we have received information through RTI and it is time to demand the right to punish corrupt officials and that is the Lokayukta,” said Bah Michael.
Sitharaman has also allocated Rs 35,000 crore for the purchase of injections.
Jubi G Momin was also promoted as Superintendent of Police (F&ES) Meghalaya and appointed as Commandant of 6th MLP Bn Umran.
Jowai: U CEM JHADC, Thombor Shiwat while addressing the leaders of three organizations including the Fight Against Corruption Team (FACT), the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-JHD) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF-WJZ), He said that the EC has set up an Administrative Inquiry Committee (AEC) headed by the Judge of the Council, J. Khyriam. The Inquiry Committee has been investigating the appointment of 56 members of the Council for about three months to complete the investigation. put the EC within 30 days.
He also met with the priests, the rulers, the Pharisees, the Sadducees, and others.
She is based in Bangalore, but has been working in the state for about two years, and has had to return to the state due to the outbreak of Covid-1
However, no one has believed this and especially now that the Lyuir season has come, the garbage will flow into this river.
