its coming.
“UDP Working President Bindo Mathew Lanong said after the opening of the meeting at the Community Hall of Jaiaw Shyiap & Lum Pyllun.
“The remaining goal now is to focus on those in the 12-14 years category as well as those 14 years and above in the state.
Shillong, July 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has questioned the decision of the Congress government to extend the term of district councils in the state.
Therefore, they don't want to talk too much because they too will have to inform the court to give a fair trial to the drivers.
The program began with a reminder that as Indians, we always show unity when the country develops in the field of science and technology, when our athletes appear in various competitions and in other fields. you Ri you rise.
The tournament was broadcast with a short drama on NKD Wann's YouTube Channel.
Fourthly, it is important to involve everyone in this implementation as this Policy is interlinked and includes other areas, and requires full implementation and not partial or partial implementation.
Shillong: The FKJGP Seng Kmie has sent this statement to all the students who have reached the goal in the SSLC and HSSLC examination, 2019, and to reap the fruits of their hard work, throughout the year. It is an honor to the parents and the family, the teachers and the school as well and they should continue to work better to reach the top of the mountain of NAM and they should not proud of knowledge but they should treasure the wealth of knowledge with a humble spirit and not with pride.
The company also offers data and talk time at the price of the Jionext phone.
Therefore, the union should have lodged a complaint with the relevant authorities, the KHADC, but this has been disrespectful to the EW department of the KHADC by not informing the union about the raid. On Tuesday, the party has decided to take its own decision on this issue.
In the U-14 team, the players selected to represent the state are Akimrag Momin, Baniar Kharsohnoh, Damebantei Kharkongor, Daplangki Kharmujai, Hameshwa Siangshai, Iaisanlang Dohling and Krebinson Marwein. , Roderick Khongjee, Shanbok Basawiawmoit, Yeomanlyson Shadap, Deiwakordormi Dkhar, Ricky Mawlong, Dasuk Banphrang Diengdoh.
On the same day, girls school children in Udhampur district of Jammu & Kashmir threw Rakhi at the CRPF. In Samba district, BSF troops celebrated Raksha Bandhan with school children.
That is why the Word of God says in Paul's letter to the Romans – “To ai that every spirit should be subject unto the higher powers.
When asked whether Gehlot and Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Kamal Nath would resign, Gehlot said the proposal had been made since the date of the resolution.
The party also strongly opposes the implementation of the Adhar number which is a number that will be used for many purposes.
He said the MDA is the government of the people because it stands and gives the aspirations of the people.
"We know that a little is too much for us and a lot is not enough," they said.
The total number of MDC constituencies is 58, 29 in KHADC and 29 in JHADC.
Shillong, Nalin Kohli: The BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya, Nalin Kohli, on Tuesday said that the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) is a platform to discuss the development works of all the political parties in the North East. The Congress and the talks to contest the elections have not yet arrived.
AMCHUR NE U SOHPIENG TYRKHONG BANI:- This herb is very popular in Indian cuisine and its richness in vitamins protects against high blood pressure and it can be added to vegetables and salads to flavor them.
The District Council has also informed the Division Bench and the High Court Judge has also filed a complaint to the Division Bench. to the Division Bench.
When asked how many schools accept children from poor families, Dr Laloo said the government does not know about this, but according to the RTE Act, schools accept children from poor families. At least 25 per cent of children from poor families should be admitted.
“Who can evict or call houses is up to the DC, this is what is stated in the Tenancy Bill,” said Bah Najer. they have decided to stand against this Bill, which has nothing to do with the culture of the nation.
Especially for you women I would like to express my opinion on this subject.
However, Top in English means clearly in Khasi.
Mawthoh said Mukul should understand the shortcomings of the government which cannot meet the needs of the people but accuses it of doing politics.
That night, even in the midst of the joy of welcoming the New Year, but for Rida alone it was a dark day because now she had to walk on a new path with that Panah whom she had never seen before.
Government protocols should be maintained from urban to rural areas.
The Government has worked for the integration of PACS in the FPO scheme to help farmers expand their businesses such as supply of inputs, farm equipment and manufacturing of food products and promotion of products including cleaning, inspection, processing, storage, transportation and others.
He said that he will also look for ways and means to help the teachers who have dedicated their lives to distribute education to the children of the village.
Besides, as an encouragement to the students who have passed 80% or above in various examinations, AJMW&LU has also awarded them with the Academic Achievement Award
He said that the Kynshi project is one of the projects that can use this method and the State Government will soon improve how to implement such projects.
The Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, has alleged that Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Chairman of the Council, has tried to insult the Executive Committee (EC) by his decision. that the EC should adequately provide replies inside the House.
Politicians led by Ministers and MLAs of the NPP government have held celebrations in many places to accept the decision of the Supreme Court to implement the MMDR Act in Meghalaya as a success. The NPP government has been able to allow people to mine coal again.
Chairman of the PAC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, while talking to reporters, said that the Committee can no longer just watch the actions and misconduct of government officers even though the PAC has passed. order that they should correct the mistake.
If David Scott could be hidden inside a thlong, the Khasi soldiers wouldn't need horses, swords or ryntieh to drive David Scott away; but only a bird's nest was enough to shoot David Scott. What man would that David Scott, who was still lying in the thlong, ride from Nongkhlaw to Sohra?
On the 23rd of this month, the UDP Central Executive Committee meeting accepted the nomination of Bah Pius as the candidate and decided to send his name to the UDP Central Executive Committee. meeting for approval.
The BJP candidate Mukesh Dalal was elected unopposed from Surat Loksabha Constituency in Gujarat on Monday. The election for this constituency has been cancelled, government sources said.
Earlier in the day, Mizoram had announced their target of 237/9, and yesterday it was seen that they used only 58.4 overs to finish the innings. Mizoram scored 359 runs in the first innings while Meghalaya replied with 281/1
He said that his joining the NPP was also decided by his supporters.
Regarding the meeting with the DC, Bah Purningstar Shabong said that the JAC has informed the DC and urged the DC to take action on the matter. The Assam government has not come to occupy the land, as it has upset the people living in the village and especially those who have to go to work in the fields and who have to work through this road.
In another development, the FKJGP West Jaintia Hills, has expressed its gratitude to the Seinraij Jowai, for issuing a notice to release the residents of the area.
I love my fellow Khasi but even if the elders are not trustworthy and have a strong and strong shyieng tyrpeng, the rympei and the mawkhrum will sit synjor and just tyngkhuh the ksew will fall,” said Ri. Hiram, I will tell you that as you eat and drink food or meat, you must do the same for those words.
Answering another additional question regarding the employees in the area where there are ponds, the EM in charge said that it is true that there are employees. , but when you don't have enough money to feed the fish, you don't have enough money.
Members of the HYC Jaintia Hills District who attended the meeting included President Mewathi Suchiang, General Secretary Romingstar Lamare and several members of the HYC-War Jaintia Circle.
Therefore, without hesitation, to build a statue that stands firmly to stir up the shadem or like a forest that stands in anger against the enemy, and the most important thing is that it is not with phyllung dohksah like those that struggle in the field. but like the heroes of that age who have encountered the environment, whether in the fields or in the fields, in the fields or in the forests.
Furthermore, the KBSCSC also honored the marathon star of the State, Bah Benningstar Lyngkhoi.
In the city, there should be all the government offices.
Of these 3 cases, 2 cases are from Amlarem and 1 case from Amsarim.
The program was attended by A Shongwan, Advocate in Nongpoh, E Lyngdoh, Program Manager, NRLM, Eric K Dkhar, BDO Umling C&RD Block. They are not allowed to work in SHGs, Village Organizations.
From the statistics of the Police for the years 2014-2015, 2015-2016 alone, it was found that the number of crimes committed in this year has reached 3983 cases. it says only 254 people.
He said that after these incidents many complaints have been lodged with the police and he has condemned through the media and demanded that the police should arrest the robbers involved and ensure that these incidents do not happen. more.
Some of the facts that have emerged in the last election are as follows, we all know that the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the last election, has nominated four candidates from Garo Hills but no there is even one winner.
Rgh Paia said that it is expected that this year there will be no restrictions and the attendance will be free, therefore it is expected that many people will participate.
Boys Hr.Sec.School (WGHD) won 1-0.
Speaking to one of the petrol pump employees, he said that the non-functioning of the petrol station has affected the state because if there is a closure or a protest in Assam, it will put Meghalaya in trouble. to get petrol.
Therefore, it is useless to elect small paid parties because after the election they will join hands with the Congress.
Therefore beware, you who are proud and brave of the Kyiad or the Khawiang.
When asked, Shangpliang said, “This is just an opportunity and he (Sanjay Mishra) doesn't know anything about those words (long live VPP and Ha u Prah).
During this meeting, doctors, experts in this field, and their experiences during the treatment were discussed and shared so that the treatment of patients can be done in the best way. and that patients receive the best possible care.
Md. Moni Hussain, 44, is the son of Kaju SK of Chaparwalaganj.
According to the complaint of the residents through the village leaders who should benefit from this scheme, Bah Titos said that due to the cleaning of the water pipes, the residents have been cleaning the water pipes for more than 10 months. They have not received any water supply and the work is too slow to clean the water pipes.
Not only that, if we look at the words used by young children on social media, it is difficult to read because of the use of words that we don't hear when we are children.
The incident happened in Tura township, where media reports said that the man committed suicide due to a heated argument with the police. your husband.
They hold the Khadar rule as a festival and entertain the people with alcoholic beverages until the young people don't understand the rain, the victory, the manners and the dignity.
Before leaving for the Governor's House, the NPP held a Parliamentary Party meeting with BJP MLAs and an independent MLA.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mawten SC won the title by beating Pyndengrei SC&SC 2 – 1 goals. the spectators.
"This is also the agenda of the BJP Government to achieve the objectives of the RSS. The BJP has introduced other ideas on the idea of ​​secularism which is against the Nehruvian. secularism" which should respect different religions.
In the U-10 category, Wandasara Tangsong won the women's title and Rapborlang Tangsang won the men's category.
There are 375 candidates contesting the election.
Aditya Mahala scored 40 runs from 34 balls and Kushaldeep Singh tied 25 runs from 22 balls while Bhuwan Thapa of Masonic took 3 wickets for 24 runs in 8 overs. .
“In the past, there was no Khanduli and Psiar Sector but only Block-1 and the HBDRF does not agree with this action of the government,” said the HBDRF leaders. If the Assam government does not agree to return Block-1, the Prime Minister should not sign the demarcation agreement.
This program encouraged those who attended to improve themselves and to take part in the development of dairy in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Recently, the state government has decided to hold MeECL responsible for not borrowing money from the Power Finance Corporation of the central government to pay the debt of T.776 crore to the distribution companies. including NEEPCO, Power Grid, HTC, and others.
If you understand that you have a problem with these Coke Factories, the question arises why you don't have the N.O.C.
The Minister also said that there are shortcomings in the organization of the Meghalaya Games.
This decision was announced by the CEM of the Council, Bah Titos W Chyne after a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs at the Conference Hall of KHADC. talk about the media's view of the beginning of the influx of foreigners to invade our city as you can see in Madanrting where the people from Manipur who came to live in Madanrting and now maybe they have moved to other villages," he told reporters.
What God's Word says is true because “God is not a man that he should lie” Numbers 23:1
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there is no need to introduce a resolution in the Legislative Assembly against the proposed implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in the upcoming Synrai Assembly.
Lalduhoma has been a prominent figure in the party and has also been a candidate for the presidency.
Such a rule of law we see today in this country and it is against the Constitution.
Shillong, March 12 : The North Eastern Council (NEC) has directed job seekers to respond to a false advertisement that the NEC will spend money on the recruitment of nurses and doctors to work in Japan.
“We have all left the HYC Shella Area Unit because we are against the General Secretary of the HYC Shella Area Unit, Bah Kupar Roy Synrem, who is from Shella village on many issues of the unit. They said in a letter sent to the HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Pyntngen Rynjah and Daplin Lyngdoh of Team-B came third.
Bah Hipshon Roy Kharshiing, one of the dignitaries of the Jaidbynriew, a few years before his death, spoke to several media outlets, when asked how he feels about the attempts of the Hindu Khar to invade the country. to the Khasi Seng.
Nongpoh, Nailur 03: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhay today in a statement sent to the media, today informed the public that the Government of India through the President of India has inaugurated the The 'Advancing North East' on 4th June 2022 was launched by the NEC through the Ministry of Development, North East Development Region, Government of India. part of the development of young people.
According to the SPI scores, the states and districts fell into different categories within seven categories of social development.
He was elected as Dolloi in
The leaders of the Dorbar Shnong see the plight of the children of the village and understand that the time has come for the children of the village and the neighbors to receive higher education. .
I asked the question, it is not only about the spread of diseases, it is also related to death.
On the same day, Metbah also inspected the road to Shella constituency in the presence of Shella MLA Balajied.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Andrew Kharkongor, President of the Union, said that after the government issued an order on 14th November, no one is allowed to mine water or shyiap lum in East Khasi Hills. Hills, the union has also implemented this order by banning all the transportation and trade of shyiap, so that no one can steal and cheat.
Before this, there was a market within the Hima Shillong called the Rynghep Market at Nongkrehrim.
No more than one employee shall be appointed.
The meeting discussed several road projects including the Nongstoin-Wahkaji, Ranikor-Nonghyllam-Maheshkhola-Baghmara, Shillong-Dawki and the Western Bypass.
He said that other parties used to say that the HSPDP ends only in Khanapara, but next month the flag of the HSPDP will pass Khanapara and reach Delhi with the flags of others. four states are also under the umbrella of the National Federation of New States (NFNS).
The Covid-19 pandemic has affected many Christian churches in the country until they have been able to use the internet in the service of God through online worship; from Church Services, Women's Services, Youth Services and Children's Services and these online services have reached all places through social media.
He said that the people who know well the details of the NHIDCL will prepare the ways how to proceed and set up a team which will be available 24 hours a day at any time. church.
The statement also acknowledged that the ILP is not a barrier to economic development or tourism but a barrier to the infiltration of foreigners into the state.
A Sector Officer of Sabroom Assembly Constituency South Tripura has been suspended on 25.01.2023 for defacing a hoarding of Narendra Modi. and in India another one.
At least 27 people were killed in a shooting at a hotel in the Tunisian coastal city of Sousse.
This temptation comes from the friends, who go to school or work. There are friends who are older and more intelligent who deceive and deceive those who fall in their path.
“The skills and abilities that they already have shows hope for the future,” he said and expressed his gratitude to the Working President of the MSOA and the team who have entrusted him to lead the event. The chess team is working to identify players who are talented and who have the potential to improve in various sports.
The amendment is to stipulate that the person holding the post of Chairman must be under 65 years of age.
Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew, Officer, State Rural Employment Society, Meghalaya, was also present as the chief guest. Pastor H.L Marsing, Pastor L.S Nongphlang, Pastor F.W Shadap, Pastor K.P Masharing.
Regarding the ring light scheme for the poor households known as DDUGJY phase II, which was handed over to M/s GM Syiemlieh of Lower Lumparing, the work has not been completed yet.
The National People's Party (NPP) on June 9, strongly criticized the opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) for spreading political activities of hatred in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. that’s because it failed to convince the public through its empty promises.
Another important thing to do to attract more tourists to our communities is cleanliness; tourists love cleanliness and when they return home they take with them the message of cleanliness and the goodness of the people of the places they have visited.
Many electric sign posts have collapsed inside the village, many trees have collapsed in this incident.
Therefore, we invite each and every one of you to join hands in providing care and support to a child affected by AUTISM, so that they too can have a bright future.
The plant is also similar to the dai bread in many ways; in the shape of the tree and in the manner of planting, but it has more shniuh in its whole body, from the stalk to the leaves and fruit.
Not only that, the Lakshmichandra Hospital in Ghaziabad has been in need of oxygen for its 118 patients and the oxygen supply has been supplied for only 10 hours.
The union also demanded the immediate improvement of the Lad Rymbai Byepass to facilitate traffic.
Regarding the 18,000 untrained teachers in the state, the Minister said the issue was also discussed during a meeting with the Union Minister of Human Resources Development in Delhi. .
Jackson Trace Bridge Road to Ajajhur Bridge (Dhobighat) Lower Lumparing to Brojen Mawlong Road.
Jowai, Naitung 7: As usual every year, Muslims living in the Jowai area have performed their religious rituals on the occasion of Eid Ul Fitr.
Shillong, Naitung 25: U Bah SK Sun, who will contest the 2018 MLA election from Mawphlang, has said that he does not want to invite his son, Eugenson Lyngdoh, who is a football star of India, to use him in the election. but he will go and campaign himself along with his supporters.
“What does it mean that he (Rophul) should resign from the government after three years in office, it is a mistake,” Agutsine said.
There are some misunderstandings but we will have to clear those up," he added.
“I feel it is necessary to bring a resolution to remind the government on this issue,” he said, noting that Manipur has brought a resolution on the ILP three times.
Other awards:MTV Youth Icon of the Year: 2006,LG People’s Choice Award: 2013Honorary doctorate degree:De Montfort University ha u Nailar 2011.
Guwahati: The National People's Party (NPP) has said that the National People's Party (NPP) intends to contest all 25 Lok Sabha constituencies in the North East and the North East. He said the party wants to strengthen its presence in different parts of the North East.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 11 cases including 10 high risk cases and one case from abroad.
We have seen and heard explanations and applause from the Ministers of the Government on this incident to show that there was no corruption in this rice but all these are just misunderstandings.
The cost of the project is Rs 35 crore.
The ban on the internet comes after the intensification of the protests against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
Nongstoiñ, 08 Nailur: After the completion of the construction of the monument on the Raid Mawthadraishan Hill, the Hima Myriaw Syiem Ship today inaugurated the monument. It should also be one of the view points on the famous mountain.
The 11 candidates who have been announced in the first list are Bainor Rapsang of Mawphlang-Diengiei, Jan Sing Tynsong of Lyngkyrdem, Anthony N Nongbri of Laitumkhrah-Malki, Mitchell Wankhar of Laban-Mawprem; Rangkynsai Kharbuki from Umroi, Victor Ranee from Jirang, Apsharailang Syiem from Nongstoin, World Champion Paliar from Rambrai-Jyrngam, Kitborlang Nongrem from Langrin, Diverland Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat and Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Mawkyrwat. Sohringham constituency.
Besides Goa, Services and Kerala have qualified for the quarterfinals in Group A after beating Assam and Arunachal Pradesh 2-0
In the past, the most important thing was to build a road that was only 4 feet wide.
We are very scared of what will happen to us...there are no guards on our campus...we can't sleep at night,” he said.
When we have ADCs who have protected us, why do we have to ask for ILP? To say that KHADC is independent with the 6th Amendment is not true because it is still run by the Government. “Why don't the ADCs have enough money to take over the primary schools in 1996 and the ADCs can't even pay the salaries of the teachers,” they said.
Strong dedication, selflessness and tireless struggle for justice and freedom.
“Iron sharpens iron, and one man sharpens another” (Prov. 27:17).
In Rajabala, MPCC President Conrad K Sangma has already told the media that if the people elect the Congress, they will get a Khasi Prime Minister. The newspaper was taken to Garo Hills to campaign for the election and this is the reason why the Congress could not win.
In the evening, when the water had receded, they covered the boats to sleep.
“I don't know if anyone has said that but only this EC has brought the bill,” he said.
We see the decline of morality as the days go by.
In connection with this incident, the Ri Bhoi Police have rushed to the village for investigation, and it is suspected that the woman was stabbed to death by her husband and he shall smite me again.
Richard is preparing to contest from Raliang constituency led by NPP MLA Comingone Ymbon.
Shillong, Lber 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the MDA Government under his leadership will never allow the mining of uranium in Meghalaya.
The challans were issued by these two men only because they had close ties with government officials and it was alleged that they would be sold at a higher price to the traders.
Although Lajong managed to equalize for Nongthymmai in the first half, Nongthymmai took the lead in the first half with Sam Borlang Nongbsap scoring in the 10th minute. 46th.
The threat came from the top commander of the Revolutionary Guards after the explosion of a Saudi oil field.
She said that she has seen the opposition of the Hima Mylliem only in the newspapers while she has not received any letter from the office.
When asked, he said that within the party, there are two types of procedures according to the Constitution, election and election and as of now, the party is still conducting an election in the appointment of the President.
Speaking as the chief guest, Samla Biangbor Paliar congratulated the department for taking the initiative to organize such a tournament which can bring together the youth of this village.
What remains is to fill the gap by man so that tourists from all over the world will never be satisfied to see and experience the beauty of this place.
Shillong: There are currently 180 confirmed cases of covid-19 in Shillong.
The seminar will be attended by Dr. LS Gassah, retired Professor of NEHU and Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Rambrai's victory in the Qualifier 1 which was held at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng today has strengthened the team to reach the final of the tournament this season while Nongpyndeng, who lost, will have to wait for Qualifier 2 to face one of the teams that will win the Eliminator.
In this era of neo-liberal and market economy, the people in power and the wealthy are greedy, violent, oppress others and do not hesitate to destroy the environment just to gain wealth.
His death anniversary has been celebrated on the 17th of November every year since his death in November 1835 in Dhaka Jail, present-day Bangladesh.
Shillong, November 7: From 11 am to 6:30 pm, for more than 7 hours, magistrates, police stem jaiñ iong were standing in front of the shops. soh, beef, insects and others.
He said that Khliehriat is now the ninth district in the state and the government is struggling to separate those in the two districts of North and South Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of KSU Narpuh Unit, KS Suchiang said that the government has not been able to send experts to investigate the incident since 2007 until now.
Mawkyrwat, November 27: The Medical Superintendent (MS) of Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital will hold a public awareness campaign on Tuberculosis on November 8, 2023 at the Civil Hospital. Mawkyrwat from 10 am to 4 pm.
KSU General Secretary Samla Donald V Thabah said that the NESO has called for a protest to demand from the Indian government to implement the laws for the sake of the peace and stability of the indigenous people. The ILP in the entire North East and the NRC in 1951 as the year of census, to abolish the AFSPA and CAA, to resolve the boundaries of the states in the region, to promote education, and other issues.
At the time of the meal, I asked him if he would go on vacation this Christmas; He said that he intends to visit some churches during various Christmas services and that is the matter of the Governor and the Christmas song lists.
therefore God said to Joshua, “Be strong and courageous.
Therefore, the union urges the residents and the public to strongly oppose this coal mining factory, because if this factory comes it will affect this area, because the factory will produce lyer tdem which will affect them. The whole village because the Cokes came only to destroy this area and then it will produce lyer bih and pum pum.
He said that these two persons are the masterminds of the smuggling and illegal entry of other Bangladeshis who have been arrested in the past few months. left.
She said that if there are only two Gram Sevik posts vacant in each Block, there will be 16 posts.
The HANM leader said the decision was taken after the government did not believe the demand of the two organizations to release the report of the incident ha Mookhep in which two people were killed. duh ei in the hands of the state government police.
It is true that the children of the hands or the relatives of the tribe can take care of themselves in times of trouble, but they cannot take care of their husbands, or as a husband takes care of his wives.
Even after the burning of two houses on Friday and a clash between the Pnars and Karbi and injuring one Karbi, on Thursday the Karbi burnt down another house near the cemetery. Presbyterian Church and opposed to the Assam Police Station.
The worst affected areas are in Rongram and Dadenggre Block, Edenbari, Dura Songma and Rongandi Gram Sevak Circle in Rongram Block, district authorities said.
The President of KSU Jowai Unit Ewanmi Phawa said that the KSU is not only looking after the problems of the country and the nation but also looking after the cleanliness as it is one of the ways to protect the environment.
For decades now we have seen the appeals of candidates and election manifestos of various parties that have promised heaven and earth just to deceive the people.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister discussed the issue of hesitancy to take the vaccine and other issues in the region.
“It doesn't mean that you should take advantage of this call of attention and express your feelings, we are there too.
“The JHADC has the right to do this, as the state itself falls under the Sixth Scheduled and according to the Sixth Scheduled Application Law, 1952, coal can be mined in the state without the MMDR Act,” said the Chairman of the Forum. you're Helping Paw.
“On the use of Rangbah Shnong in Harijan Colony, it is illegal to have a Rangbah Shnong in Harijan Colony since 2014, but there is still a Rangbah Shnong and Bah Pangniang. The KHADC will not take action on this issue, said Bah KP Pangniang.
There will be three matches today and the first match will be between SCSC Nonglatem vs Loompyrdi Iongpiah at 12:30 pm, the second match will be between Pamanik vs Lumbhahdakha at 12:30 pm. The final match of the day will be between Tpep-Pale and Nangbah Mooknor at 3:30 pm.
, I don't have any comments on their research but I just want to say that there is a difference between research for an educational career. and research in order to find out the truth so that the nation will not be misled and for the survival of the country and for the survival of the nation.
These include EGH: 6, EJH: 2, EKH: 116, NGH: 2, RBD: 9, SWGH: 3, SWKH: 34, WGH: 3, WJH: 9 and WKH:
Shillong, Nailar 06 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has taken action after receiving information that Jihadi militants have started hiding and recruiting youth in the Assam.
It is the duty of the Dorbar Shnong to ensure that the shopkeepers do not allow Malki Market to become a residential area especially for foreigners.
Bhalang took the form and completed it and immediately paid the entrance fee for class XII. Although Bah Sokon loved his brother, he had to think for his own children.
The MBOSE has not said that it will not conduct such an examination as requested by the SSA teachers but that it will be held next year.
Bangladesh goalkeeper Yearzan Begum has shown her skill by saving three goals in the tie-breaker and managing to win the title. last name.
“The Government of Manipur and the Central Government have not been able to curb this conflict and the Government of India, even though it has not implemented the President's Rule, has more than 50,000 troops in Manipur,” said the Chairman. NESO, Bah Samuel B.Jyrwa speaking to media after the candlelight vigil held by NESO and Khasi Students' Union (KSU) at Khyndai Lad to restore peace and order in Manipur. .
“The leaders of the district should not remain silent when the people are facing this problem,” said the statement. The party urges the leaders and especially the two leaders of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla MLA. 6 Khliehriat and Santa Mary Shylla MLA Sutnga Saipung to raise the issue of the people of East Jaintia Hills on the NH-6 in the Assembly.
a:.
Ravi Goel, DDGDoT, Northeast LSA, Shillong, explained about the work of NE LSA. He said that the World Health Organization (WHO) has identified about 25,000 articles published around the world in these years. 30 years ago and it has examined the writings of scientists before concluding that radiation from mobile towers has no effect on human health.
Therefore, though you believe in the differences between people; There are other general resources that can be related and generalized to all.
Shillong: Between five and seven coal miners have died in a coal mine at Kymplen village in Sutnga district.
He said that the state has always received special allocation for their good work in the past two years and this time too the state has been able to receive it for the third time.
Mooknor opened the scoring in the 30th minute through Mooknor Thadmuthlong but Tpeppal turned the tide in the third minute through Jopibromitre Dkhar.
Speaking on the great contribution of Tirot Sing Syiem, Dr. Kharlukhi said that although this hero passed away 187 years ago, his name and reputation is still alive and well. His bravery has been celebrated and remembered not only in Nongkhlaw but throughout Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ransom said, “Although only 7 CCTV cameras have been donated to the Dorbar Shnong, I would like to thank the Dorbar Shnong for purchasing 8 more CCTV cameras.
The Apostle Paul could not please others without first pleasing himself in Christ, because the pleasure of the world and the pleasure of God differ from east to west.
Nongpoh: A 9-year-old Heprit girl, a 9-year-old girl, has escaped from the tyrsim of a robber who tried to rape her.
The union also said that the allegation of the police is unfounded.
The White House on Tuesday warned that Russia could launch attacks on Ukrainian food supplies, including a civilian ship in the Black Sea.
The Inter School Athletic Meet was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) in collaboration with the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
At the time of their arrival at the police station, Choudhory was not present and he and the police ordered them to pay 20 lakh tyngka each at the police station.
Manipur chased but lost by 92 runs.
To eradicate poverty, not the poor, the government should introduce and implement schemes that will provide higher wages to the citizens.
Nirupi Sangma has been working in Rajaju for about 10 months while the other two are new.
Kong A Syiem DSEO, said that the appointment letters will be sent to the teachers within 10 days.
Praise the Lord of the Lords – Amen.
When inquiring across the state, it was reported that there were only a few places where there was a cleanliness drive and many of the villages did not participate because it was Sunday.
Lyndon Dykes and Kenny McLean scored two goals in the minute to lead Norway to victory and hope in Group-A. 87 and 89 were enough for Scotland to get off to a good start in the Euro 2024 qualifiers and to beat Norway in Oslo.
Kyrmen Shylla has donated the same vehicles to Byndhihati and San Shnong.
East Khasi Hills has 59 active cases, West Garo Hills 17, Ri Bhoi 23, West Jaintia Hills 19, South West Garo Hills 12, South West Khasi Hills 11, Eastern West Khasi Hills 7 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 8, West Khasi Hills 12 and East Garo Hills
The plan should be reviewed next month so that it can be implemented from the first day after the completion of the landfill, the court ordered.
For the vehicles, the District Officer has been handed over to the Municipal Department and the residents have been handed over to the Hima Mylliem as well as to the Incident Officers and BDOs. you need it.
MLAs and MDCs from all walks of life, Rangbah Shnongs and the people who work and earn their living from the coal mining industry will be present on the occasion.
There are only seven states in the country which have received grants from the Central Government including Meghalaya.
Gaza: The Gaza Zoo has a large number of animals, including hyenas, myrsiang, shrieh, sier and even lions, which have been injected with drugs and then killed. They were wrapped in sacks and carried through high caves to Gaza from Egypt.
He said that these musari which the government will deliver to the districts where malaria is still prevalent, are already vaccinated and the government distributes them to the public once every four years. Because even if you clean the musari, the smell of the drug lasts for four years and the skaiñ pyrjong cannot tolerate the smell of the drug.
Jowai, July 27 : Sabah Muswang SC has won the Republic Day Cup Under-13 Football League Tournament Final 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association, Jowai. in collaboration with the District Administration of WJH at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The President of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) Roypar Kharraswai said, “At this meeting we have discussed the salary payment after the meeting. The Government has said that it will increase the Annual Increment by 7 percent from the current salary.
This is the first time that the country's women's team has won a first medal at the Asian Games, and it will be the second medal for the country after The men's regu team won the bronze medal at the 2018 Asian Games.
Hindus in Pakistan have refused to accept the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), 2019 and have made it clear that they do not want to become citizens on India's proposal.
When asked whether the scheme will be funded by some political parties before the elections, Kumar said that the parties have the right to vote before the elections, as the rules allow it.
The Tetelia to Byrnihat road has been suspended due to opposition from the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, HYC and others.
The more days go by, the worse it gets.
The Court has ordered to inform all the plaintiffs including the seven companies that the case will be heard again in a day to answer the questions raised by the plaintiff.
The Deputy Commissioner also launched a Music Video to raise awareness on TB, how to prevent and treat it.
He said that the work permit will be valid for only 179 days, one day less than six months, to prevent those who have just entered the country from getting the right to vote.
The next match will be between Nongrim Hills SC and Umphyrnai SC on Saturday at 2:15 pm.
The order shall enter into force upon authorization and seal dated October 3, 2023.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has enforced Section 144 Cr PC, which prohibits the gathering of more than 5 persons, to be held from 5th to 12th November 500 meters from the Rilbong Dorbar Hall and 100 meters from the Meghalaya Secretariat.
We understand that we cannot decide on this issue within 24 hours because we have to listen to all kinds of voices.
“Today, I cannot refuse to speak and that is that many women in India want to stay alone.
On the inside floor, Bah Cherish's wife slept.
Rejecting any corruption by the MDA allies, Dr Jemino said, “We have the confidence to bring about development.
He said that the central and state governments have not provided these water pumps as required.
The turnout in 2013 was 86.88 percent.
Young girls don’t have to miss school to help their mothers fetch water.
Even now, many of us have forgotten our Khasi customs and traditions.
However, we do not know that the government is taking steps to revive and preserve the Agor trees in Ri Lyngngam which are very valuable trees.
She concluded by saying, “Let our youth not only become job seekers as well as job creators”.
The Prime Minister also gave responsibility to the youth of the country.
He said that although he does not know whether the KHADC is involved in the cleanliness drive, he urged the KHADC and SMB to enforce the law against all the residents and non-scheduled areas which are mostly commercial cum residence to take action to build waste traps to drain only water into the river and by cleaning up the waste the water will regain its right of passage.
At the same time, he said that those who give jait to their father will not be able to get the Khasi certificate from the Council and the Schedule Tribe certificate from the Deputy Commissioner. Lineage Act 1997, only Khasi who descend from their mother can get the Schedule Tribe certificate.
Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said, “There have been many questions and comments as to why the UDP has joined the NPP-led MDA-II government.” I would like to remind the people that the UDP has been in the Opposition for five years between 2013 and 2018 and has raised many issues related to the welfare of the people. “2018 has fallen on the victory of MLAs,” said Bah Jemino while talking to media after the opening of the Central Executive Committee meeting held on Monday at the party headquarters.
“Bah Titos said that until now they have received only the name of Bah Suin from Mawsynram.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of HITO, said that the missing report was submitted to the police after various units of HITO in different constituencies. They were informed to go and look for their MLAs if they are in Shillong as they are not in the villages where they live.
Referring to the speech or explanation of one of the leaders of the people of Ri-Bhoi, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh said that in the Office Memorandum it has been clearly stated that 80% of the jobs available or vacant in Ri-Bhoi Ri-Bhoi District should not receive those who live in Ri-Bhoi, except for those Garo who live in Ri-Bhoi who apply or receive, but all 80% should go to the district.
“They raise the issue of the NPP which was established in Meghalaya by saying that it is a Garo party, where is the Garo party? NPP means the party of the people,” said Bah Samlin.
Hearing the complaint filed by the teacher of NEIGRIHMS, Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice TNK Singh said that the arrest warrant has been issued against the Director and a fine of T.20,0 The SP of East Khasi Hills, the Police Commissioner of Guwahati and the Police Commissioner of Delhi have confirmed that the director should appear in court on 11th July.
“The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, Bah Dopth has given us one day to fix the price of dewbilat and clinker,” said Nidamon Chulet, president of JHTOA. The JAC has protested without delay to force the factories to implement the new price, but the dewbilat factories have not been able to implement the new price.
Samla Vicky said that whatever happens in the government, whether good or bad, peace or trouble, the government is to blame.
One of the clearest evidences of the effectiveness of the CMC, is during the deaths of people in the village yesterday, where the CMCs, have taken the names of all the foreigners and give an explanation to them, before they go to condole with the family of the deceased.
He said Mukul's decision to contest from Songsak and Tikrikilla will be rewarded because the people have asked him about the move from Ampati to Songsak and now to Tikrikilla, where he will have to leave. noh if you don't win.
Panchayats must be shaped according to the Indian democratic context.
When asked, he said, “If you don't know, I'll see how the result is. I can't explain but I'm surprised that there are so many people”.
Baroh2 in Pran lng as long as it happens in PRAH beit.
In spite of those differences, progress in life is the fighting spirit of every human being without giving any other reason.
The Election Commissioner of India (ECI) has launched this scheme for voters who have Electoral Voter Card (EPIC), who have reached the age of 85 years and above and also for those who have voter ID cards. 40% with Disability Certificate and those who have already been recognized on the Electoral Roll.
Isawanda Laloo, IAS Director Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya was the chief guest along with Bah PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya. Headmaster of Saiden Secondary School Nongpoh, teachers and others.
Do the children of MLAs and IAS officers send their children to school here in the state? Yes, it is more difficult to send students here and the reason is that in their opinion, schools in Meghalaya are not on par with schools in Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore and so on. .
The contractor has been complained against by the public during the construction of the Jowai-Amlarem Road.
“When I contested my first election in 1989, I didn't apply for a ticket to contest from Indore, but the party agreed to send me to contest and I never asked them to elect me,” he said. the Mahajan.
Furthermore, Jaintia Eastern College from teachers to students together with the District Congress Women celebrated the World Environment Day at the hall of the college.
It is only a plot by the Police and the NPP to disgrace and tarnish the image of the Party (BJP),” said the statement.
During the dinner, there were many discussions and one of the issues was on the border between the two states.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 15 :The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a notice to all voters regarding the polling day. vote will be held on 27th June
He said that there were rumors that the thlen exists only in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, but those who came to send thlen to the Syiems in Smit were mostly Pnars. Jaintia Hills, because the sieb have cut the shape of the tree and they claim that it is a thlen but in fact it is the pollution of the drinking water which has caused the shape of the tree to cut, said Bah. Ardent said that he was a member of the Congress MP.
Teacher Education – A 4-year Bachelor of Educationxxvii.
If the cells in the eyes are too exposed to light during sleep, especially screens, it can cause a change in the circadian rhythm.
According to sources, US President Joe Biden will visit Vietnam in the coming days with the aim of strengthening relations between the two countries. the US and that country in the future.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: U Vice President of the Shillong Lok Sabha, Bah Bansharai Kharchandy has been suspended for six months from today as a sign of punishment for speaking to journalists without The Congress party has said that he has done too much without consulting the President.
Isaiah 46:11.
In this regard, the Sirdar of Tyrna Constituency, Donborwel Marbaniang, said that the Tyrna Constituency includes four villages including Tyrna, Mawshamok, Nongthymmai and Lumsohphie.
In a tragic incident, two brothers lost their lives after the ground near their house collapsed and covered them inside.
The people also have the right to know these promises.
The DFSNZ said that the sudden outbreak of COVID-19 around the world has forced the office to suspend the inspection and suspend its work. to finish; because it has not got the role in terms of providing protection and safety to be fully implemented to the players.
There are self-employed people but due to lack of assistance they are also looking for jobs.
The NGT has ordered the government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma to formulate a State Mining Plan as soon as possible but the State Mining Plan has not been published yet,” said Swer.
This happened on the afternoon of the Second Day.
The main objective is to explain and raise awareness on the avoidance of the use of plastic water bottles and to encourage the students to bring water bottles to school every day and to use drinking water. prepared at the College grounds,” said the statement.
He was 62 years old.
The question is why this scheme was handed over and this money was seized by only one company, Continental Milkose? The purpose of the ICDS scheme is to distribute nutritious food and there is no doubt that farmers, traders, women's organizations, SHGs and other groups in the State can to produce and provide healthy food from this State.
In the 60 kg above category, Yirmi Jagoi (Women's College) won the second prize, Durka Padit (Shillong College) won the third category and Phidalin Mary Pathaw (St Anthony's H.S.School) won the third category.
Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday distributed M-Tabs to the students of Mairang Block at a meeting held at St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang.
The meeting was conducted by Tymmen Basan F Pyngrope, who played a role as a mediator to bring these villages to an understanding.
Arwan scored three goals (22, 60, 70) while Wailad Shylla (63) and Happening Lyngdoh (66) scored each.
All of them are residents of Mawlong Market, Shillong.
hahahaha.
The people of this area live in poverty, especially in this area where malaria is high.
:After the HNYF East Khasi Hill District seized a vehicle carrying gas suspected to be illegally smuggled without permits, driven by Samla Ialam Makri is known as the Leader Gas Agency.
“The protest will continue if the government does not call for talks and more will be announced later if it remains silent,” said Babu Khongjirem.
“We don't know anything, we haven't received any information yet,” said Dr Kharshiing.
The Federation of Khasi States opposed the proposal and immediately sent a letter to New Delhi informing it of its decision and urged Mr Guha, who was the then Chief Minister. of the Khasi States in the Constituent Assembly and directed him to oppose and put before the Dorbar the decision of the Khasi States.
They also said that during his tenure as CEM of KHADC or Chief Executive Member of KHADC for only 6 months, he has shown his skills in working methods, in which in 2014, the KHADC has He has shown good performance, especially in relation to the Iewduh, which has received full support from the Nongiew.
The Jubilee Cake was cut and consecrated by Pastor K.Syiemlieh.
Speaking at a meeting of NPP youth in Pynursla, Prestone said that as the elections are approaching, the BJP has started raising these issues as one of the issues of the state. .
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his satisfaction that Christ Church School has received this smart class and computer room which they have been longing for.
The celebration was held at the Kiang Nangbah Government College Stadium under the theme “Sustainable Consumption and Production” and “Seven Billion Dreams”.
Within seconds, the plane crashed into a house of Ratti Ram, in which the incident claimed the lives of his wife and two other women. Leela Devi and Banto Kaur, the source said after talking to the police chief.
Regarding the issue of farmers, although I am no longer in KHADC, I have received information that farmers are still being harassed after I was no longer CEM. take care of this work.
Experts say that the outbreak has been going on for a long time in parts of India and therefore, they demand that the government should accept the truth and not mislead. to the people in the country.
Therefore, it is very important to stop the misinterpretation in this matter and show the truth.
As the workers of the Party, which wants to promote the development of the country and especially for those border villages, we appeal to the village leaders, leaders, civil society and others and not to do politics on the Border issues, but they should be united8, because if we don't do politics on border issues, because it won't reach anywhere, but the problem will be faced by the people living in these border villages, they added.
Shillong, Jymmang, 22: The Catholics of the States in Meghalaya and the North East in 2022 have been fortunate to take part in the celebration of the 100th Anniversary of the founding of the of the Salesian Society of Don Bosco (SDB) on 13th July, 1922 and the centenary of the first procession of Mary held at Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
kyn-pa-kyntien : which cannot be said in a short or long way.
Shillong, June 26: The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department on Tuesday confirmed the outbreak of African Swine Flu and through an order issued by the Governor of Meghalaya, the village of Umshor, Umsning, Ribhoi has been declared a quarantine facility. District as the place where the disease started.
The Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah J.Nongkhlaw, said that since the letter was sent, the Hima Mylliem has not responded, because they thought that the KHADC has listened to the opposition of the Hima. They have received a letter from the KHADC recently that the KHADC wants to inspect the area together with the Hima Mylliem, so that the boundary can be established. The Hima Mylliem has been shocked by this letter from the KHADC and has urgently convened a Dorbar to oppose this.
We find that the Laloo, Pyrbot (mostly in the eastern part of Jaintia Hills), Amkoi, Amdep, Pohlynjar, Pohrmen, Pohsnem, Rymbui (mostly in the eastern part of Jaintia Hills), Then the Marngar, Marong Pariong, Diengdoh and other kurs whose ancestry is from the Shibedi clan. know them according to their language (Pnar, War, Khynriam or Bhoi).
Vibhuti Bhatia 216.8 (572).
His wife Lydia also took hold of him and sat beside him.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Motsyiar, Bah MW Nongbri, handed over the memorandum to Bah Prestone Tynsong and the Symbud Myntri immediately phoned and directed the officers of the department to go to the scene. site) to discuss in detail this month and Bah Teiborlang Pathaw requested him to help in this regard.
Our Unit would like to thank the President Rangbah who has advised the athletes and youth of the area to work hard not only in the area but also abroad to bring the name and glory of the state. our country and nation.
This comes after the Rangbah Shnongs of the seven villages who have been charged in the case, informed the State Government to ensure that the Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016 promulgated by the Central Government. In accordance with the powers conferred by the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, it shall be implemented as soon as possible by establishing the necessary facilities and facilities.
However, we hope that our farmers will not lose heart and will continue to work harder in the coming years.
Sitharaman called on the state governments, especially those who did not increase the price in November 2021, to reduce the price for the benefit of the majority.
The match format is 35 overs, the fresh affiliation fee is 1000/- per team, the affiliation renewal fee is 500/- per team. , Registration and Affiliation Fees will be due by October 20,
Chennai: Tamil is a language spoken by the gods, the Madras High Court has said in a hearing in recent days. In India, it should be the sound of Tamil words, as composed by saints like Azhwars and Nayanmars, as well as others like Arunagirinathar.
He said that he will work with the elders and the people for the development of the village as a whole.
Shillong, Nailar 25: A woman named Nisha Rai has given birth to a three month old baby and died 10 hours later at Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali.
Speaking at a one day training organized by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for East Khasi Hills today at the State Central Library Shillong, Roshan said that ASHAs have an important role to play in the development of the country. to implement the programs and policies of the government as they are close to the people in the rural areas.
But the inner parts were no longer there, because the shyieng was broken and there was nothing left.
One of the elders who worked hand in hand with (L) EK Mawlong, said that the allegation and slander of Bah EK Mawlong has reached the limit. He has affected his mind, family, the people and has affected and deteriorated his health. Because of these unfounded allegations and the truth is that The High Court has ruled that Bah EK Mawlong has nothing to do with the allegations that the Meghalaya House was auctioned in Calcutta.
Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd has awarded the contract for the construction of the new Legislative Assembly to two contractors, Badri Rai and Company. and to Shiva Enterprise, Gokhale said.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : The Chief Adviser of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and former Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Bindo M Lanong on Monday filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate from Nongkrem constituency for the upcoming elections. that's it.
After the arrest, the father of the children immediately informed the Lamyrsiang Village Authority and with the cooperation of the villagers, the children and the female smuggler were arrested. She is from Bodo Land District of Assam.
Shillong, Lber 21: Two teams of Sashastra See Ma Bal (SSB) have arrived in the state to patrol the Lok Sabha MP elections in Shillong Parliamentary seat. on June 9 will run smoothly.
However, on this occasion, a small Lucky Draw will be held on the 2nd September, 2023 to raise funds for the organization.
Among world rulers, the first to put on the image of the beast that comes up out of the sea was Nero of ancient Rome.
Peacestar War Nongbri, son of Deishisha War Nongbri, resident of Loomsoiung Newhill, Jowai, passed away on 27/07/2
Kolkata Police Commissioner Rajeev Kumar has been allowed to leave for Kolkata after a three-hour CBI interrogation. Corruption in the collection of funds by the Saradha Company.
“We know that the Assam Government will always express its views,” he said and added, “Our people who are suffering, how can they get the rights they deserve.
There are different opinions on the sending of children to lower primary schools from KG to Class V, but many school principals agree that online education is important. classes are not good and cannot provide the full education that the child needs.
A total of 971 people from 28 villages under the jurisdiction of the Laitmawsiang Rural Health Center participated in the Health Mela.
The meeting was supposed to be attended by the Chief Minister V. Narayanasamy but he was not present.
The Word of God says, 2 Peter 3:8 “To the Lord one day is as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong who said that it is the duty of the NHIDCL to follow up with the Ministry of Home Affairs. Contonment (Upper Shillong) for the start of construction of the 4-lane road from Rilbong to Upper Shillong.
We don't know whether we will give it or not.
Jowai, June 21: The Joint Action Committee of Nartiang Khanduli (JACNK), led by the Waheh Shnongs of the area, today held a meeting with six Waheh Shnongs led by the Chairman of the Committee. The Waheh Shnong of Moodop Nartiang, Damonmi Dkhar, has visited the Khanduli area to inspect the incident which has occurred in the past few days. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has set up an entry gate to collect revenue at the site.
Before concluding, let us ask all the readers whether the saying of a great man is true or not when he said “the hands that are ready to help are cleaner than the mouth that prays. that help are holier than the lips that pray).
The tournament was organized by Eagle Commando International Martial Arts Shorin Ryu Shido Kan under the supervision of Hanshi Mario Arthur from Texas, USA who took part as Chief Technical Director in the presence of Alberto H. Presincula, Hanshi. who is the President of the World United Karate Organization (WUKO) and Jimmy S.Opalec Jr.
It is learned that Amlarem does not have a garbage dump and the land owners have decided to start the construction and have banned the dumping of garbage from Amlarem.
I just asked him one question and that question was about the salary of teachers, in which I asked him “Who gets more money, those teachers who teach in those village schools (Govt School) or do you have more teachers who teach you? The answer that seems to him is his answer, he says that those who teach him are paid more, because they are friendly, on time, teach well and so on.
Speaking on the issue of low price of renewable energy, Mondal said it would be the government's responsibility to integrate renewable energy into various sectors as well as government departments.
During his second term as Prime Minister, he drafted and passed the Women Reservation Bill 2023 known as the Nari Shakti Vandan Adhinyiam Bill, which provides for up to 33% of the seats in the Lok Sabha. Sabha and the State Assemblies to set aside for women.
But later Job expressed his faith with a confident affirmation of his future existence by saying, “But I know that my Redeemer and that he may rise up from the dead upon the earth" (Job 19:25).
“We need to think carefully when we elect leaders who can advocate for the issues facing us and we should elect a leader of our own free will.
At that time, journalists rushed to talk to the Acting Syiem to find out why he wanted to leave the place.
(East Jaintia Hills).
He said that the ethnic parties should have left the MDA government at that time if they were really against the CAB by putting the people and the state first.
Shillong, Nailur, 02: BJP Leader and Minister of State for State Government on Thursday said that former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M. Shangpliang, Spokesperson of Mawsynram Constituency, The party has not informed him that he will leave the party.
By Bah Philip MarweinAs usual, Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) appears in the newspapers almost every day, not for the good but for the unpleasant.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Asian Development Bank (ADB) together with the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction have set up the SHCDM to train the youth of the state.
Other groups should respect us in our country and not us to justify ourselves in front of others.
Besides being known as the perfect car built according to the latest technology, this car is also famous in the world.
It is clear that the term Ri Khasi includes all the Hima belonging to the same race.
The candidate, who is also the sister of Dr. Ampareen, said that after this they will also provide training for the youth to train in cooking or in various fields.
A total of 54134 students sat for the SSLC examination and 30207 students passed, which is only 55.80%.
He also mentioned the difficulties faced by the State in the provision of health facilities where the mortality rate of mothers and children has been witnessed, but through the measures and initiatives taken by the State Government, reduce the word.
The General Secretary said that the JNC has already investigated and found that the statement and accusation against Training Phawa, Finance Secretary JNC, did not fall into place. his judgment is wrong and unjust.
There are also signs that say “We can no longer live on 66 tyngka a day”, “You equate us with MLAs, pay us like MLA salary”.
“The presence of many candidates from the same constituency has undermined the will of the people,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
He said that the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency has four villages which are blood banks to distribute to other villages namely Iooski, Barato, Sahsniang and Mowkaiaw which have more than 3,000 votes each.
Such criticisms do not reflect the Khasi culture and the shortcomings of the jaidbynriew.
“From the victory of the Congress party, Mamata Banerjee now feels that she cannot do anything without cooperating with the Congress party. It is the same Mamata Banerjee who visited Bihar and Uttar Pradesh to support those who are fighting against the BJP, but she did not do so when she went. Visit Karnataka to support the Congress?” Chowdhury asked.
Sharma came to the Press Club to talk to reporters with a letter sent by CM Jha to the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Education Dr RC Laloo.
But the only way to escape from hell is through confession of sin which is true repentance in the name of Jesus of Nazareth.
On the other hand, the parents who met with the Director of MTC today urged other parents to attend the meeting to be held on the 25th of this month at Madan Umlyngka to discuss this issue. task.
In that match, the player managed to cross the finish line less than seconds behind the champion Harry Reynolds, who was followed by the champion. Tom Mills as the third.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nongrum said that as the days go by, the people have been attacked by the authorities to violate the rights of the people such as inheritance, income, khadar rule. which is the leader of the nation to marry Khasi women.
:The 17th edition of the Celebrating North East India Festival was held on 9th November in Milan, Italy.
Sri Lanka's Speaker Karu Jayasuriya today announced that the country does not have a government at all. Rajapaksa, the prime minister of Sri Lanka, has been charged with violence.
At the same time, I urge the tree planters on Lum Shyllong (Lum Kyntang) to plant only trees that are native to this country of Hynniewtrep where Meiramew is covered with snow. clean and that it will produce many medicines and that all living things will grow well.
But these things are different from place to place; Some of the khiews can hold only about 10 and a half tons of water and some can hold up to 25 tons of water.
But he does not force God to do what he wants.
These two projects were launched by the MDA government last year and Dy.CM Prestone Tynsong laid the foundation stone.
MPI covers various sectors such as health, education and economy that contribute to the livelihood of the people.
Ma Jesse Suïam in his speech said that the main purpose of providing these schemes is to help the poor families to meet their household needs.
The jerseys were handed over by Bah Lamphrang Kharbani to the office bearers of Kut Sports Club at the confirmation ceremony of HANM Mawryngkneng Circle on Tuesday at Kut.
In a letter to GAD Secretary Cyril VD Diengdoh on the 24th of this month, KHNAM General Secretary James MA Neng said, “We have received information that ZWD has been responsible for the welfare of retired soldiers from other states and remove the share of those from this state.
Chairman of KHADC Pynshngain N Syiem said that the government cannot interfere in the work of the council and only the opposition parties can overthrow the EC if they have a majority in the KHADC. .On 26th November 2019, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, has denied that there is a power struggle between the Government of Meghalaya and the Raj Bhawan after the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, has not appointed an Administrator. Rule' under the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The registration date has started from 5th November 2022 and will end on 3rd July 2022. Applicants or candidates who wish to apply for this post should be on the list of Agniveer ( General Duty (All Arms), Agniveer (Technical) (All Arms), Agniveer (Clerk /Store Keeper Technical) (All Arms), Agniveer (Tradesmen) are those who have passed the 10th Pass, ( All Arms and Agniveer (Tradesmen) (All Arms), must pass the 8th Pass.
“About 30 of these children have been admitted to the Sub-District Hospital in Tumsar,” he said.
They said that a complaint has been lodged at Nongpok Sekmai Police Station (Thoubal District) against unidentified persons who were armed and the investigation has started.
Congratulating the candidates for their victory in the MDC election, Adelbert said that the delay in announcing their names is due to the confusion within KHNAM where they have had to go to Delhi to vote. The Election Commission of India.
He said that the casino licenses issued by the government have expired on the 29th and for that reason we will not proceed with the casino without the approval of the people.
When the Israelites did not accept or recognize that Jesus was God or the Son of God or their Messiah, Jesus went back to Samaria.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today announced that it will hold a political awareness program on the 6th of this month to explain to the public regarding the election of the leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). to be held on June 27, 2023.
The employees of the Board have remained in ignorance as the government has not listened despite many complaints to the government officials from the minister in charge.
Speakers included Additional Deputy Commissioner, MCS G. Warjri, MCS A. Nongbri, MCS, Waheh Shnong Khliehriat West, Langmon Bareh, DDMO, East Jaintia Hills District. The program was enriched by the students of Jaintia Eastern College Khliehriat.
The MZP members have demanded that the government should evict the Assam government officials from the area from 17th November this year, otherwise they will face a protest on 19th November
Those who keep what is written in it.
However, if we turn to the former border, the lands of the Hima Khasi at that time were still within the Province of Assam, we will find that some of them fell into Bangladesh (East Pakistan) before the Partition. In 1947 and after the Indo-Pak War of 1971 in which Bangladesh replaced East Pakistan.
In Langpih, we cannot forget the shooting death of four men by the Assam police for more than 10 years.
There is also another Justice Rule 1953 which empowers not only the administration but also the judgment. We have Village Courts at the Village Level and we have Subordinate Districts. Council Courts in the Additional Districts and Additional Subordinate District Courts in the Hima and we also have District Council Courts and Additional District Courts.
Pangniang also acknowledged that in the first phase of the demarcation process, there was a loss in that Huhuapara, Joypur and Salbari villages who wanted to join Meghalaya lost their lives. He said that many of the villages in the Hahim Sector fall under Meghalaya.
Bangalore, July 20: The Karnataka government will start implementing the scheme to provide rice at T.1 per kilo to BPL from 10th November.
However, he said that unfortunately, the number of girl players is very low compared to other badminton tournaments.
British police on Friday charged a 28-year-old man with burning two people and attempting to take their lives in the 2 events.
The program started at 4 pm at the State Convention, in the presence of all the players, coaches and support staff.
Those who do not distribute, distribute insufficiently or distribute defective goods should inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
From the day of our youthful love, our children have introduced each other to their parents, of both families.
The Ministry of Roads and Transport (now under N Gadkari as Union Minister) does not charge JCBs. They do not require pollution test.
The villages, the people and even the leaders in ignorance and uncertainty because they were not taught and explained clearly were afraid and frightened.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that in the past, development works in Meghalaya were carried out through the implementation of various schemes of the Government.
The Jowai MLA who called a meeting for the Jowai Smart Town should not increase the number of things that cannot be done and should first provide a proper garbage dump, said Shallam.
The increase in Sohsaw cultivation and the good market in neighboring states and Bangladesh has increased the income of the people of the area.
“This is not the end.
It is not a sin to want to do so, and it is the right of all citizens to have such a strong opinion.
“However, even after 17 years, the peace talks between the HNLC and the central government are still pending. “They are the ones who prevent the HNLC from coming to the peace talks table,” he said.
The letter was signed by Daniel Khyriem President and Auguster Jyrwa General Secretary. In another development, Mawkhar Village Council has sent a letter to the Assistant Executive Engineer of the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation (KSU). Ltd (MeECL), Shillong Distribution on the increase in the monthly electricity bill.
It is worth mentioning that the revenue collection gate of the KHADC, has been standing since the month of April after the celebration of the Independence Day of the country. Various groups from truck owners and drivers, Sengbhalang have expressed their deep sorrow over the growth of toll gates in Ri-Bhoi. They also appealed to the CEM to take action to close down the gate due to the problem of truck drivers who have to pay money at the gate.
Shillong, Lber, 29: BSF troops of 172 Battalion, Meghalaya have seized a vehicle carrying sugar smuggled to Bangladesh and arrested two Indians. It is located in the Kuliang border area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District.
According to scientists' research on the effects of radiation from mobile towers on health, it has been found that low powered, non-ionizing radiation from mobile towers does not affect the health of people. .
He said that the AITC has always contested elections on principles.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah beat Sutnga SSSC 10 goals through Obadaia Bareh in the 73rd minute of the final match played at Diengshynrum Stadium on Thursday.
What is needed now is to further elaborate the claims of service.
Regarding this complaint, he requested the Joint Secretary to send an inquiry as soon as possible and also to visit these places with him.
“Infrastructure is being provided to boost current production to meet global demand.
The gatekeeper has not paid the annual fee since November, 2019 and there are still nine outstanding fees.
Go and see what happened in Assam and how people were treated.
So if the celebration of Christmas is in such a form or only in the colors of the world, does it mean that we are doing it just to do it? Or what does it mean to celebrate Christmas? But for Christians who understand, Christmas is a time of joy and hope, a time of prayer and repentance. It is a time to remember the incarnation of the Lord Jesus into this world to give us life as the Lord Jesus Himself said, “I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly” (John 10:10). 10).
The first workers in this teaching of Jesus refer to those who have worked hard, who have served longer, and who hold the highest authority in the church.
She said that now the residents of Jaintia Hills and various groups have come forward to donate blood which is a great blessing and helps those who need blood urgently for treatment.
On the other hand, Amit Shah is also expected to meet with the political parties and MDA Ministers in Delhi to discuss in detail the issues and demands affecting the state next month.
In this regard, the union after meeting with the Sub Post Manager of Mawkyrwat Sub Post Office, Bah B.Dura said that he has expressed that the ease of operation is due to the due to the outage of electricity, network and also the link in order to arrange the necessities such as transactions related to the bills of the consumers.
Regarding the Mini Secretariat in Jowai, he said that the department in charge has started the drawing and the construction of the office will start.
“If we today don't work now to protect our people, who else and when? The peace and freedom of the nation in its own country, even if it is poor, is much more precious than the economic development that will steal it all from us,” said Heatermoon. “East Jaintia Hills is a small district with only 1,22,939 villagers according to the PPF, 2011 census.
Kochi: The Kerala High Court today granted bail to Bishop Franco Mulakkal, who was arrested on charges of raping a nun three times in 2014-2
"These solemn messages from the voice of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) remind us of a famous song, 'One Day at a Time' written by Marijohn Wilkin and Kris Kristofferson: Give me strength, help me today, show me the way, what I should do, I ask only for for yesterday is gone, O Holy Jesus, and tomorrow may not be mine]
This is now happening to us in this present generation.
Nongpoh: As usual every year, the Karbi community in Meghalaya, held an annual meeting and through this meeting, the Karbi community from all over Meghalaya yesterday. The 46th AMKA Annual Conference was held at Umkyrpiang, Ri-Bhoi.
Earlier in 2009, the RSS had announced to the media through Shankar Das Kalita that Tukuram was no longer a member of the party after reports surfaced that he was involved in leading children from the state. He (Tukuram) claimed that he was a member of the RSS and that he was involved in sending school children from this state to Karnataka.
The protest against the expulsion of Bangladeshis was led by the All Assam Students Union (AASU), which signed the Assam Accord with the Indian government in
The repair of Wahmynsoo, Mookyndur to Ummulong has also progressed.
She said that if the people understand the dangers, they should allow her to advocate in Parliament and fight for the demands of the people in the BJP government as an MP. “It's good for me these days, that I joined the BJP because I was bought at a low price but the price of the nation cannot be bought or sold,” she said.
The TMC MLA said that there has never been any National Party which has spoken the voice of the MLAs and MPs who lead the people of the State and the Central Government, to take part in the protest outside Parliament. on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Shillong: U NPP leader and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today visited Itchamati village in Shella constituency to campaign for the UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem.
He also hoped that this visit to the fertilizer conversion center will help to open the minds of those present.
This comes after the two schools won the semifinal match on Thursday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The earthquake occurred at a depth of about 10 km.
Society has changed to the point that most of the Khasi men have lost their spirit and lost their responsibility for their family whether at home or at home, and there are cases when they have become their servants. the women who hold the stick.
In 2008, the ZNP won two more MLAs, Lalduhoma from Aizawl West-I and K Liantlinga from Aizawl South-1
The delegation was led by Lambokstar Marweiñ, President of HANM, South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of members of HANM. Speaking to media after the awarding ceremony, he said that the HANM has awarded Dr.W.Sutnga for his good deeds. Changes inside the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat.
He said that the Ri Khasi Rider Group was formed by a number of youngsters who have an interest in riding motorcycles. There are still about 4 or 5 members, but it was in 2019 after the increase in the number of office bearers, that the group decided to start serving the people of the state through any good deeds. benefit the people from the poor and other services.
Does this benefit you or your party?
The good thing is that when the children stay close to the Father, they will be happy.
Therefore, the office bearers of the NPP 1-Nartiang Constituency are surprised and shocked to see people who want to defame the NPP Party and MLA Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar by claiming to be the office bearers of the party and Siberius Lamurong as NPP Chairman, Donbok Syngkrem as Secretary and Phrang Dhar as Assistant Secretary NPP Nartiang.
The source said that a large amount of money has been exchanged to provide a safe passage for the illegal entry of kwai due to the nature of the work.
In this regard, they said that the problem is with other foreigners who have been entering the country since 1987-88 onwards.
They scored 125 runs for the ninth wicket.
Adam Sandler received the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor at Washington's Kennedy Center.
However, they haven't given me any triggers yet," he said.
There should be no discrimination because illegal activity remains illegal if it happens in West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills, South West Khasi Hills or Garo Hills as well.
Her brother was also happy and excited that she had met that man.
U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, is currently living at his residence in Sawmer, Upper Shillong. the next few days.
Shillong, Naitung 4: A foreigner named Sumo Dhar, who sells soh in Iewduh, has tried to rob the Enforcement Police of KHADC while they were collecting soh from his shop. do not sit down.
I talked to some farmers whether they have received assistance from the FOCUS scheme where the government distributes 5000 tyngka to each farmer to form a group to work together so that the market authorities or buyers they shall not be able to sell their crops.
“The state government should send a report after raising this issue again after three months, to state that it has taken immediate action to implement the existing rules regarding the inspection of goods vehicles. “I don't have anything in the state,” said the bench of two judges while hearing the PIL filed by a party worker, Tennydard M Marak.
The Minister also informed that the State Government has requested Rs 300 crore from the Central Government for the reconstruction of the damage and to provide assistance to the refugees affected by these incidents in Khasi Hills. -Jain and Garo.
These telephone numbers will be operational from 12 noon on July 2, 2023 to 5 pm on July 12,
See what events have taken place here recently.
Perhaps, the NPP wanted these two candidates to join the party a few days before the people of Sohiong constituency decide whom to become MLA among the seven candidates.
This was announced by Firsterlin Kharraswai, Minister of Village Council.
I will work on my own chores at home.
They also expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of this leader who dedicated himself to the people of Sohiong constituency as a leader of the people.
However, his appointment was exactly the same, but he has not been able to do anything.
The employees, after discussions, have decided according to a letter received from the Executive Committee of JHADC to suspend the strike scheduled to be held from today, 20, 21 and 22nd November.
She said that there has been a training for 30 players from across the state who belong to the Schedule Tribe (ST) and Schedule Caste (SC) and after the training there will be another training. Only 10 players who have completed and excelled in the training will be selected to become trainers to train others who are interested in The training was organized through the Scheme of the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship (MSDE), SANKALP through the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSSDS). .
“When asked whether the union has set a deadline for this demand, Bah Dobok said that the HITO has given a deadline for the Cherry Blossom Festival but if it does not succeed, He said that the party will set up a casino at the festival and will also disrupt the programs of the government.
Pillika R Marak was the only batsman of Tura to score better by 12 runs from 16 balls.
This is in accordance with the Electricity (Rights of Consumer) Rules, 2020, which states that there should be no unfounded or unnecessary power outages by electricity supply companies.
The order also directed the lawyer of the group to seek permission from the court to take the matter back to the NGT, Principal Bench, New Delhi.
After the public meeting of MCAB Ltd.
From Kyrshan Langwar.
When she arrived at the Kongthei's house, the Kongthei did not speak well to her, although she welcomed her into the house.
He said that from 2008-09 to mid-2014-15, he has distributed tin soping to 1905 households, repaired houses to 981 households, provided new houses to 90 households. jain, 135, fish farm, 56, 70, land improvement, 40, financial assistance 280, pig farming 55, cattle farming 30 and all the assistance he gave only to The number of private individuals has reached 3687 and the amount he has donated has reached more than T.5 crore except for assistance to villages, schools, various buildings and others.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the state government wants the airport to be able to land larger aircraft.
Two militants attacked soldiers in Poonch and Rajouri districts on June 20 and January 5, killing four soldiers.
U Bah Mayral Born as MLA, encouraged the youth to continue to develop in the field of sports as Ri Bhoi has shown in the field of sports. Umden Stadium, as this ground is a center for the youth of the area to develop in sports.
Those subject to 28 percent tax are shyngkom, molasses, chocolate without cocoa, waffles and wafers covered with chocolate, pan masala, aerated water, cosmetics, cosmetics, hair cream, hair shampoo, hair colour, face paint, wallpaper , tiles, water heaters, water tanks, washing machines, cleaning machines, ATMs, cleaning machines, cleaning machines, cleaning machines, cleaning machines, cleaning machines, car parts, bicycles, private aircraft and boat driving.
Those present on the occasion included Earnest Mawrie, President of the BJP in the state, Bah Sanbor Shullai and many senior BJP leaders in the state. the state and those from Ri Bhoi as well.
They said that in this election it is impossible to say whether they will reach the goal or not, but it is up to the wisdom of the voters to give that because the election itself cannot be said. There are those who say that their party will be able to form a government in this election by winning more. candidates.
Akash Kumar Choudhary, who is actually the second leader after Kishan, will not be able to take part today due to illness, but will be replaced by Chengkam Sangma. Meghalaya's team includes Arbin Singh, Arien Bonchang Sangma, Bamanbha Shangpliang, Bijon Dey, Dippu Ch Sangma, Jaski Rat Singh Sachdeva, Kishan Lyngdoh, Lerry G Sangma, Md Nafees Siddique, Ram Gurung, Raj Biswa, Swarajeet Das, Sanvert Kurkalang, Tarique SiddiqueSupport staff: Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Surojit Biswas (physio), Vikash Singh Chauhan (trainer), Dister Marbaniang (manager) Meghalaya will play the following matches: Meghalaya vs Arunachal Pradesh, from January 5; Meghalaya vs Hyderabad, from January 12: Meghalaya vs Nagaland, from January 19: Meghalaya vs Mizoram, from January 26: Meghalaya vs Sikkim, from 2 February.
Shillong, March 23: U Congress Leader Vincent H. Pala on Tuesday said that the state will collapse if the people continue to support the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The Minister said that the state government should be clear from the day it announced to implement its own medical college that it will be ready to run for five years without any results. warned otherwise they wouldn’t have a doctor in the next five years.
These teachers, members of the JHLPSTA Khliehriat Unit and MSSASA, have also decided not to take part in the training. The District Mission Coordinator (DMC) has directed the Deputy Commissioner from 26th July to 28th July.
The hospital was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on 3rd November
The 5th Annual General Conference of the JHGPSTA was held at Dawki village in Khasi Pnar Govt.
On the other hand, Patton urged the students to cooperate with the security forces in the fight against the evils caused by drugs.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who replaced the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, who did not attend the meeting.
The new building of the school has libraries, science labs, digital classrooms, computer rooms, girls activity rooms, arts and craft rooms and other modern facilities.
(ii) My son is studying at the Woodland School of Nursing in Laitkor.
Shillong: The Wah Lukha Association (WADA) on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday. Ma Thombor Shiwat to request him not to auction the Wah Lukha to private individuals as usual every year. villages living near this river under the jurisdiction of the Association.
Six persons were arrested, including five ULFA members and the owner of the house who hid them.
The NPP has also announced the name of Bah Gigur Myrthong for the MDC election from Mawshynrut constituency.
He said that sports and physical activities, such as reading, are very important because they help to refresh the brains of the students and through sports, the children can also get many. training for their daily lives.
The CKDS Khliehriat on Friday conducted an HIV/STI screening through the Village Level Awareness Camp (VLAC) at Dkhiah Village, East Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
The competition included the Traditional Round, Dance Round, Street Wear, Formal Wear and Question Round. Samilia Pyngrope won the Miss 10 title, Ibadahun Lyngdoh won the Miss Photogenic title, Deikisha Lyngdoh Talang won the Miss Talented title and Eve Syiemlieh won the Miss Talented title.
About 50 earthquake scientists have been meeting in Kathmandu for 10 months to discuss and prepare what they should do for the city. The roads, houses and others were destroyed in the earthquake.
Mairang MLA Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, has announced that the Nongkhlaw-Mawkarah-Kynrud road will be repaired in the coming months. the Contractor to start the work in this month.
This program was organized by the SELD Committee of the Presbytery.
The meeting was led by Assistant Secretary Edward Thangkhiew, General Secretary Edelbert Nongrum and Vice President Barnabas Lyngdoh. They have sent a letter to the SP of Ri Bhoi to request for the provision of security forces to the border villages which need the protection of the Ri Bhoi Police.
Explaining on this, Bah Nolip Lyngdoh, President of the HSPDP Mawkyrwat area, said that the party has not yet decided on whom to give the ticket to contest from Mawkyrwat. to discuss in the Central Election Committee of the party.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his deep sorrow over the killing of three youths from Assam by setting fire to Rongmil, East Garo Hills on the 17th of this month. He urged the citizens of Meghalaya and Assam to refrain from taking the law into their own hands and also to commit acts of violence over this incident.
The death toll in Brazil has risen to 10,000, followed by 18,000 in Italy, 18,000 in the United States and 18,000 in Spain. 16,000 people and the death toll is expected to rise in Brazil this month.
Engineers of MeECL under the umbrella of the Coordinating Committee of Registered MeECL Employees Associations and Unions (CCoRMAU) have discussed with the Minister of Electricity AT Mondal on many issues including the shortage of electricity. and purchase of electricity and sale of electricity to factories in the State.
On the day when the people together with the MPSO, went to stop these trucks carrying stone passing through the road, suddenly there was a heavy fight between the owners of the park and the members of the MPSO, This has led to the union of quarrying factories who have tried to speak out, saying that the villages should not interfere and should not interfere with their movement.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has sought a report from the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills District on the allegation that the 2nd OC of Pynursla Police Station assaulted the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-Riwar Mihngi Circle).
During these three days, the students of the school have participated in many kinds of competitions, including high jump, long jump, relay race, sack race, spoon race and others.
Police conducted a search operation in the presence of independent witnesses and seized 51 boxes of explosives weighing about 1275Kgs.
“This is an excessive exploitation by the CEM to take the Council's money to allocate funds to the KHCF,” said the statement.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that Meghalaya does not have a containment zone, as those who have contracted the disease are from abroad. admitted to the Civil Hospital.
Every year the children from Garo Hills do not win and all the competitions from different districts suffer defeat and do not get the opportunity to enter another round.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today came forward to accuse the government led by the leaders of Garo Hills, of failing to implement the projects. schemes coming from the central government.
“How can this Minister dare to appoint such a person in the wrong way,” he said.
“Such incidents should be taken immediately and if delayed it can lead to the risk of affecting the tang-nguid and also lead to chronic diseases and on the other hand it can lead to bring death to man.
Police sources said that the robber called and sent the girl and took her to the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church Ialong and committed the robbery.
(8).
Furthermore, the HYC Nongthliew Circle has donated food items to the children in Nongthliew.
The days passed and after the puja holidays, the school where these six brothers were studying posted a routine on the notice board for the end of year examination.
“We will take advantage of this to connect more with the different nations of the world in our way of life,” he said.
The Lord's Day is a day to keep holy.
Seven students were injured in the incident and were taken to hospital.
If there is no other way to get government jobs, what else can be done in our State that there are no other ways.
Last year, the price of synsar reached 90-95 per kilo.
Also present on the occasion was the Director of Social Welfare Department, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang.
One of the youths said that our youths should not be afraid to do any job, whether it is agriculture, mystery work, khapsniuh, wage work or others. Many young people expect to get only government jobs and other foreigners come from other states to do any job because when they do the job they get paid.
Help Through the National Cyber ​​Crime Reporting Portal.
Regarding this tragic incident, the Rangbah Shnong of Umran Dairy, Bah Lambor Mukhim Bina, while talking to reporters, said that the village authority expresses its deep sorrow over the loss of The village also sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased.
The electrical pulling force is greater when the current is higher.
At the time of writing, employees of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) have cleaned and cleared the ground and hands to release vehicles passing through this road.
Referring to the provision of Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) personnel for the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency, the CEO said that the number of personnel for the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency is 22 pyrtons while for the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency. Tura Lok Sabha constituency has 18 constituencies.
Shillong, June 06: Meghalaya has reported 18 active cases of Covid-1
They were hit by a road roller at Police Reserve, Shillong.
The Seng also agrees and supports the statement of the Union of Rangbah Kurs, South West Khasi Hills District that this introduction of foreigners has changed the household of the Hima Maharam.
I don't believe in false prophets.
Besides, the opinion of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit is that that work should be done by the people without taking up arms against the central government or the Non-violent Revolution.
“The new working group will meet to discuss this issue at the Central Executive Council.
The farmers' union recently held a public meeting at Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills and decided to request the Government through the MLA of Amlarem Constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui who is the Chief Adviser of the State Government. They are looking for ways and means to increase the price of synsar products produced in the Riwar area.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the fishermen's meeting at the State Convention Centre, Prestone said, “Please provide good training to the Field Demonstrators (FDs) in each block to assist them. fish farmers and should provide fair services for the benefit of the farmers”.
As I said earlier, if we have been able to correct our thinking, the economy will follow us.
Shillong, July 12: The Rangbah Shnong of Laitjem, Bah Ham Warjri, has launched a documentary film entitled 'Ki Dienjat Sha ki Shlem Pyrkhat' Dohling.
The department has discussed with the National Informatics Center (NIC) to prepare the DPR before selecting the suppliers of the equipment to create the data to enter the data accurately. This decision of the Food and Distribution Department comes after the department has been criticized for the misuse of the allocation that should be received by the people.
PP Secretary HS Kharpran in a letter to the Speaker, Thomas A. Sangma, said that the PP meeting held on 31st July, had a good discussion. I feel that the deadline of the Business Advisory Committee of three days is too short.
Meanwhile, four youths were injured and were taken to the Civil Hospital but as the injuries were minor they were sent home.
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bhoirymbong Circle, today arrested several foreigners, who came to sell clothes on the Shillong By-Pass in Bhoirymbong area. clothes to the area, using a truck, which carried ten trucks of clothes.
Shillong, Jymmang: U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on Saturday visited five Self Help Groups (SHGs) in Umpling Umjathang village. Mawsiatkhnam village as a starting point to provide funds for the organization so that they can continue their activities.
Also called the 'Feast of Weeks' (Exodus 34:22;) Deut 16:10, and the Feast of the Harvest (Exodus 23:16).
The heroin was seized near BMS Fuel Station Nongsning and two persons from Manipur and Nagaland were also arrested.
Hundreds of people were present on that day and when we heard from these people, most of them are Longkmie, they said that the total amount of money lost has reached tens of lakhs. , because some of them have deposited up to T.4 lakh, some have deposited tens of thousands and thousands of tyngka, but many of these people have not been able to hold their passbooks and some have said that The employee of the bank had already stolen it without the knowledge of the owners.
During the inspection, Bah Process promised to the women of Mawlai that he will build the sanitation center himself but urged them to talk to the village headmen of Syllaikariah and Umjaiur before leaving. they help.
They immediately returned to the house of Bah Jop.
These houses belong to N Lyngdoh and Harness Papeng in Dongmihsngi and the area in Riatmoolain has been contained from Khlieh Um Government and Um Government Cluster.
TMC and NPP Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma of Garo Hills and NPP Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma have clashed. until I'm well.
At the public meeting, the residents expressed their anger, because there are cases where the Khasi go to build houses in other parts of the village, but the other ethnic groups, They used to go and destroy and some of them destroyed by burning the house.
After that, if they don't agree with what the government has prepared, the final settlement will be before the High Court,” said Pretone Tynsong.
Then, there are those who think that the early church groups will arrive at the Holy City first and the late churches will arrive there last.
“Like you, like you, it's better that you go to class and stay in class”.
Samla Bantiplang Khongwir was accompanied by his brothers and mother.
When asked whether the BJP can also nominate a woman candidate for the MP election, Kharkrang said the door is open to any party member who wants to apply for ticket including women. .
Of course, we cannot say that there is a strong earthquake when we experience the newness of the shiah, but this earthquake I see that it disappears slowly even if we don't get anything. what we demand and desire for the nation.
The HNLC has made it clear that if the government does not want to talk, there is only one way and that is to show the resistance, as it is on the battlefield. the word of peace, but it wants a show of strength and it is only this way that can open the way for meaningful dialogue.
After God changed Jacob's name to Israel, the nation Israel was given.
In the letter, Pa'iem Ricky reminded Bah Rapsang that the permit, which he received from the Hima Mylliem in 2010, is for one year through a letter. No.MS/PT/VI-1 22/2004-2010/4345-47 dated October 19,
Now, John's statement – ​​"Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world" was fulfilled on Mount Calvary.
About 31 MLAs from Manipur have already submitted a request to the Home Minister Amit Shah to expedite the implementation of the border demarcation in Manipur. parts of the India-Myanmar border in the state in order to prevent the entry of insurgents and other foreign enemies.
The search is ongoing to find out whether the money he stole from the bank and whether he handed it over to other people.
Jemino owns a Bolero, which he bought in
The farmers also said that the price of agricultural products has increased sharply compared to previous years due to the lack of buyers and the lack of a market.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: Bah B.Marngar, one of the prominent contractors in the Nongstoiñ area, said that in the past, the contractor job was a very profitable job for everyone. who has registered contracts with government offices such as PWD, PHE, Water Resources and other government departments.
The WJNC has clarified that in relation to the village name, in fact it is a mistake in the name of the village, where the WJNC has provided assistance to Shnong Thymmae, but they have admitted that they have written the name of the village wrong. On 10/04/2020, when the WJNC leaders were planning to visit Khonshnong, the Rangbah Shnong refused to accept the WJNC's plan to help the people of Khonshnong.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The President of the MPUF, Bah Dapoiwanmi Laloo, 23, has been arrested by the police on Friday after he lodged a complaint with the Inspector of CI Jowai, Bah GU Wahlang. at Jowai Police station.
In their speeches, all the leaders of the HNYF, said that the sudden death of the HNYF leader, has brought a great loss not only to the party, but has brought a loss to the country and The nation as a whole, because he is one of the most intelligent leaders and who works hard for the benefit of the people in the land of Hynniewtrep.
Regarding the problem faced by the residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem, Bah Amberlight Masharing Asst.Secretary of Raid Madan Kyrdem, said that the behavior of the bank employee has caused They were angry with the people who tried to deposit money inside the bank.
Shillong, November 4: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, has expressed his condolences to the wife, children and relatives of Bisheshwar Das, owner of a shop in Bishnupur who passed away. He was seriously injured when a petrol bomb exploded in his shop.
The Seng urges the paradoh parasnam to walk and stand as usual and to earn freedom in their own Lajong land.
Golflink opened the scoring in the 12th minute through Bandranos Syiemlieh.
The winners in the women's category were Marqueenles Ramsiej (40:54:54), Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin (41:32:26) from Sakwang and Bandasharai Marweiñ (42:03:6 ) from Mawlangwir, fourth from Larijanai Wartde, fourth from Primary Myrthong, sixth from Imbarisha Kharwanniang and sixth from Teilyntishisha Ramsiej.
It is learned that the driver of the truck coming from Guwahati to Shillong had driven too fast. and he fled from the incident.
The school started the school garden in 2019 and the school garden was looked after by Yoona Dkhar who is a teacher at the school.
On the occasion, Mawkynrew MLA and former Sports Minister Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said, “There is no friend or enemy in politics”.
Every year, the Jaidbynriew especially the political parties and political parties celebrate the memory of the Khla Wait of the Jaidbynriew such as Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima and Woh Kiang Nongbah but why do these celebrations end? There is no strong participation as a nation to celebrate this day.
It will be a day of history between the Soo Langdohs of the Raij Chyrmang where after many years, the Kongwasan of the Raij Chyrmang in the presence of the Langdohs of Jowai, Langdoh Tuber and Langdoh Ialong have been able to complete the ceremony. Raymon Nartiang, the Pator of Jowai, has been arrested.
The DC of Ribhoi, Arpit Upadhayaya, IAS, praised the initiative taken by Mahindra Finance and urged the school to take good care of these trees so that the environment and the surrounding area will be safe. tap with your light.
Before lodging the complaint with the MIIS, he said he had discussed the water shortage with the Dorbar Shnong and the Rangbah Dong.
Regarding the explanation of the Waheh Shnong of Wahiajer Narpuh, Sibren sumer has issued the NOC to increase the production of cement and clinker by Meghalaya Cement Ltd.
Elections in India whether in Parliament or Assembly are very expensive and Modi wants to reduce this cost by holding national and state elections at the same time.
Leviticus 23:24.
The number of new cases of coronavirus in Tamil Nadu has risen to 1,927, bringing the total number of cases to 36,8
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Assam Police did not follow the rules of law when they arrested people from Malangkona village in West Khasi Hills recently.
The village was founded by two men, Belson Rymbai and his wife Merina Shylla, Mill Rymbai and Stone Swer, Heini Syad and Jang Sateng who came from Pasadwar during the 19th century. many wild elephants in the area.
In the book of Matthew Chapter 7 Verse 21 “Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name ? and in thy name have cast out devils ? and in thy name done many good works ? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you : depart from me, ye that work iniquity.
Our farmers have had to turn to such agriculture that the people of the world have never thought of.
In the last 20 years, the Meghalaya government has not had any plan to improve the city.
Shillong, July 07 : The State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) has strongly condemned a man who allegedly raped 15 children in a village in West Khasi Hills District.
“I don't accept the Administrator's rule at all, if I come to power I will remove it,” said Titos.
He has also led South Zone, India A and others and played for Deccan Chargers and Sunrisers Hyderabad in the IPL. state.
Thank you Mr. RV Suchiang.
Mayborn also criticized Pynshngain N.Syiem, former MLA of Mawsynram, for changing his constituency from time to time.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 70661 out of which 64922 have recovered and 1200 have died.
This incident happened at Umduba in Killing area, Ri Bhoi District at 1 pm when about 7 or 8 persons went to rob the quarry. you can type stone.
On the other hand, Bah Kennedy Khyriem, President of the Petroleum Dealers Association, Meghalaya, said that the meeting was successful and the Mazdoor Union has decided not to strike anymore.
When it comes to the songs that this old man likes and sings, they are religious songs, because to sing worldly songs he doesn't have words.
Speeches were also delivered by ML Warjri, DCPO East Khasi Hills and Rev RG Laloo, President of the Ministry.
JP, you have put Arithmetic better in the General Aptitude Test, you will work again as an engineer.
“Expressing her gratitude to God for protecting and caring for them in such a time of distress, Sharon Papang said, “Every night before we go to bed we pray, We encourage each other even though this incident has happened but our God is always with us and He doesn't forsake us, even if we are far away from home.
The minutes of play went by and both teams didn't hesitate to score, but in the middle of the match, Gamelial Kharlyngdoh scored the second goal for Sawmer. in the 74th minute which gave the shocked crowd more encouragement.
As soon as Thong climbed up the tree and reached the small branches without branches, the men came out and shot with their spears and threw their sums without stopping.
“We will not do anything against the will of the people.
Shillong: Former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Monday directed the MDA government to stop politics and the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), which aims to curb illegal immigration. foreigners and residents of the State.
Railways cannot move from time to time, otherwise there will be many dangers.
Meghshala is the first team to partner with Lenovo to trial the use of this new technology known as “Tablets for Education” which is in line with Lenovo's mission to use technology. in order to be a benefit for the community.
Zoramthanga, 79, who lost the Aizawl East-1 election, handed over his resignation letter to the Senior Vice President of the MNF, Tawnluia.
Shillong: The PDF leader and CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, today came down from the stage to dance with the people at the PDF meeting held at Mawsiang Nongshken, Pynursla.
Cement companies or demolition companies do not have these tools.
He urged the residents to stand up and fight to protect the Myntdu River so that the cleanliness of the river can be maintained.
The union received information about this from the residents of Mawiongrim village after Adsan Mahindra released an advertisement on social media and other media stating that Adsan Mahindra is located in Mawiongrim village. Front.
The storm, which happened at 2 pm today, has severely affected and damaged many crops of the farmers of these two villages including you are Mawsein and Cleveland.
Arbaz was one of the members of the group who drove the vehicle in which the shooters went to the residence of Umesh Pal and was also involved in the shooting," they said.
“How can you say Pyndengrei today?” said Bah.
“This SIT will do its duty according to the law,” he said. “We trust this team to find out the truth,” he said.
Therefore, in the end, these training programs are useless because they cannot replace the equipment and health facilities.
If you are on the ground, you do not need to wear a shylliah or a jain that is not made of signalia for this purpose.
Getting enough sleep is important in all aspects of health and weight loss success.
The village leaders of these three villages said that the overloading of these trucks has posed a threat to school children and residents walking and standing on the road.
““In their efforts to oppose the Prime Minister of India, they have crossed the border by attacking all those related to the government.
Meanwhile, the prominent Bishop of the Republic of South Africa, Desmond Tutu, said, "I wonder what kind of Bible people read when they say that religion and politics do not conflict.
The leaves give life to the sun, to the wind.
As mentioned above, the State Planning Board should consider how to create job opportunities outside the government through the establishment of various factories and by guiding the youth by teaching them how to skill training.
On 21/9/20, the District Administration has sent a team of Magistrates and Police, led by the Deputy Superintendent of Police, to investigate the incident. However, there are only 2 tylki of wells that have not been opened, he said.
But friends who are old and full of understanding will not be disappointed.
He said that if the houses prepared by the government are not enough for them, they will be provided in the future through the Awaas Yoajana.
Therefore, in order to hold only one “Dorbar Bah (Peaceful) Rally” here in Shillong against the CAB and in order to raise only one voice against the CAB, the CoHSO has arranged to hold a single “Dorbar Bah (Peaceful) Rally” here in Shillong. The meeting will be held on the 22nd July 2019 at 11 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Reddy expressed his gratitude to the people of the state for their congratulations and encouragement in the celebration of the fourth anniversary of his government.
He said the family had been offered financial assistance by the Assam police but they refused.
The Meghalaya Aids Control Society through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken steps to fight against the spread of the virus to others who have not been affected. The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MAI) has recently concluded the Integrated Health Campaign in Ri Bhoi District. and he was caught in the plague.
The CEM of KHADC in his speech said that the visit of Bah Donevan will not only benefit the work of the Chairman and the Legislative but will also strengthen the working methods of the Council.
They said that about two of them whom the BJP leaders met were suspended Congress MLAs.
The ruling United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has been ousted from power.
“They are at various stages of the process and we are on the verge of starting the tender within the next two or three months,” he added.
The brother of Bah Fullmoon Kharsahnoh said, “As a brother and on behalf of the family, we are deeply saddened that they have treated our brother so badly.
Lytan was taken to Shillong by an ambulance of the GNRC Hospital from Guwahati today.
For men, it is in the Under-15 category and the cut off date is for those born on or before 01/03/2
At the same time, he urged the Association to conduct awareness programs across the villages in the coming days so that the youth can avoid alcoholic beverages such as alcohol and drugs. Drug.
In our State, there has never been any complaint against any religious minority,” he added.
He said that the incident occurred on the road used by the Mukroh residents to farm and forest and it is only 2 KM from the village or only 500 or 600 meters from the houses of Mukroh. .
He also warned that if Parliament introduces a new arrangement on the border demarcation, there will be a violent protest.
Speaking to Rupang, Trailyne Mawlong, sister of the child, said that Wandari suddenly disappeared from the house on the morning of the 24th. It was about 9 pm, but suddenly she received a phone call on her mobile and immediately she went outside to talk and since she went outside she disappeared completely.
The two judges of the Gauhati High Court, Chief Justice Ajai Lamba and Justice Achintya Malla Bujor Barua, ordered them to detain the foreigners before they leave the country. on 3rd June
The Dorbar Shnong has strongly warned that no one is allowed to burn hills within the boundary of the village so that the trees can grow and especially within the boundary of the two sacred forests of the village.
Today's match will be between Sohmynting and Luti Tuber at 12 noon.
Speak clearly on what you intend to do about the lack of digital language,” the bench told Tushar Mehta, Solicitor General of the Government of India.
He said that the residents together with the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) of Mawkyrwat Block have requested the government to look into the problems of the farmers in the area. This scheme of water supply to the agricultural fields has been in place for a long time.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the state government has allowed the reopening of schools for Class I to Class V children in Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
It is worth mentioning that the road blocked by the army is the road from Anjalee and will lead to the area known as Bijoy area It was very difficult especially during the time of heavy traffic jam to go to the market, but now this road has been closed by the army.
You don't have to take part in the lympung.
However, there was no threat to the Americans living in the area after the incident.
According to a statement sent by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) Guwahati to the media on Saturday, through information received from the intelligence agencies, the officers of the DRI, together with the FGTs of BSF, Silchar Sector on Friday night seized a truck carrying dewbilat at Digarkhal Toll Gate, Cachar District, Assam.
He said that if the people of Sohra do not take action to welcome tourists, to set up suitable restaurants, the time may come when Sohra will become a city. to be deprived of the glory of the Mawlynnong.
If there are family members or parents who are not educated to help but the time does not allow due to many other reasons such as poverty and other reasons, sometimes if there are parents who can help The children are increasingly confused that it is not their own teachers who have made a mistake and have been beaten and so on.
Explaining about the selection of the award, the Rangbah Shnong said that the Society has sent its staff to visit the village from the cleanliness, the disposal of garbage and others, the use of plastic bags, the planting of trees to beautify the village and others.
Titos, who is the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), said that he does not expect the NPP candidate from Sohiong, Samlin Malngiang, to think childishly in politics. kingdom.
Jowai, July 22: A prisoner named Shiningstar Pala, who was sentenced to life imprisonment, escaped from District Jail Jowai today at 2.30 pm.
Although Rangdajied had scored only one goal, Kickstart players tried to fight hard and it was in the 68th minute that Kharngam Horam turned the tide through Kharngam Horam.
“If that’s the case why did they choose us? Why don't they agree to run the Government? You have a cabinet, you have a government elected by the people.
The world and its pleasures are temporary and we will suffer if we associate with this world because it cannot improve our lives.
Rani urged the people to come and support the Sengbhalang at the meeting to be held on the 30th of this month to strengthen the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Shillong: UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy today said that the time of the HSPDP in West Khasi Hills has come to an end. The alliance between the HSPDP and the UDP in the last elections was not equal.
In 2018, he contested from the BJP after being defeated and is still in the BJP party but in the last four and a half years there have been no activities from the party and the working methods inside the office in Shillong have not matched at all. , said Tariang.
She said that by organizing such a festival by the USO, it will also help to bring about the unity of schools or educational institutions in the country and especially to gather information from the customs and traditions. can produce talented children in various fields such as those children who seek knowledge.
On this occasion, he said that the Minister has promised to take up the issue with the Chief Minister as many of the issues discussed there are related to the department of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. .
According to Catherine Boeckmann, “Even in the Middle Ages, soldiers, nobles, took an oath, a promise to live a moral and righteous life.
Speaking to reporters, the Acting Syiem of Malai Sohmat, Bah Francis Sohmat, Secretary of Hima Ryngkatdor Malai, Ministers of Hima and Rangbah Shnong of Malai Sohmat today spoke to reporters. They expressed their condemnation against the passage of the KHADC Bill by the Union of Hima Sohmat Autonomous District (KHADC). 2016.
With the construction of this rad old place, an increasing number of tourists are expected to come from all over the country and the world itself, in the coming days.
Jowai: The four most common diseases are high blood pressure, diabetes, cancer and stroke which are most common in people between the ages of 30 to 69 years.
According to him, the public should know the findings of the investigation so that they do not remain in the dark.
School teachers in urban schools did not know the reason why rural children were performing poorly.
However, the voice of many, as can be heard from what was discussed, is that the market is still slow and not as slow as it used to be during the Christmas period for 10 days or 40 days. before Christmas.
He said that these 36 villages in Block I fall into three districts namely Raliang, Nabang-Nongphyllut and Pangam.
Through this online learning, the school offers e-books, worksheets, solution to worksheets and videos to help the students to complete the course through this platform. has been closed since the beginning of the nationwide lockdown.
Shillong, Nailur 25: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that it is necessary for the Iewduh, the largest market in the state, to be free from the use of plastic as it is a tool. which pollutes the whole market.
The poor houses provided by the government are only for those who are the people and supporters of the MLAs/MDCs while those who do not support the MLAs/MDCs are not even looked at.
From the DC's office, the protest reached higher, near the shops of the High Court.
On the HNLC's demand for an amnesty for all those charged, Pala said, “In the end, the law in India is clear.
Jowai: Students of North East Adventist University, Khliehtyrshi Hills District, today came forward to donate blood during a training on the importance of blood donation. blood to those in need and especially to blood banks.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while speaking to reporters on 3rd June, when Shillong witnessed the incident of petrol bomb blasts by robbers. can be identified.
“It is proud that the Khasi Pnar people are a strong community of cooperation in many fields.
“The MRD has summoned me, and he is angry because of the incidents of attacks on churches and Christian schools, we have told him about the actions we have taken in previous cases. “In the case of Vikaspuri line gut we have arrested, in Rohini it is a case of fire, in Vasant Kunj the investigation is ongoing, in Dilshad Garden the SIT is investigating,” said Bassi.
Not only Sharma has been suspended from the Congress party but TH Mustafa , the party leader from Kerala , has also been expelled from the party after he said Rahul was a traitor and demanded “Rahul has acted like a stupid man, that's why the Congress lost the Lok Sabha elections, it's the job of the Prime Minister. "It's not a game for children and the people know and that's why they broke the Congress party in this election," Mustafa said. that they might not be able to do it.
It should not be a job that ends with passing exams and getting certificates.
“During the UPA government, the Congress has launched many programs to fight corruption, such as the introduction of the Lokayukta, RTI and others,” he said.
The award was given by the KK Birla Foundation to the best Khasi writer.
The work order was issued to the Company on 21/1/2013 and the work started in 2015, 5 years ago.
Shillong, June 6: The Mawsynram Youth Welfare Organization (MYWO) has expressed its deep concern over the condition of the road from Mawphlang to Balat, which connects hundreds of villages including Mawsynram, Lawbah. , Hat Maw don, Balat, Ranikor, Maw wood.
This misuse of the Council funds by the CEM from time to time has seriously affected the working of the Council, so we demand that the CEM of JHADC should return this money so that the salaries of the employees and other requirements of the Council, the statement said.
“For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth?” Hebrews 9:1
The delegation was led by the General Secretary of the party, Samla Ksanborlang Thabah.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 226 cases and in Ribhoi and West Khasi Hills, 82 cases each.
The family members of the child have already lodged a complaint on the same night and demanded a thorough investigation and punishment of the robbers involved in the incident according to the rules of law.
Because of the absence of inclusion in Meghalaya, these villages have run up and down with requests to be in the state.
However, there are still some organizations and political parties that oppose without grounds.
Shall not God judge the elect? And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them?
Those who are strong, are strong in any way.
The JHADC has allocated to collect up to Rs 140 crore 72 lakh through various sources including financial assistance from the central and state governments, besides the share it used to receive from the mineral revenue.
Such a thing happened once when King Shangpung defeated King Manar.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: The Coordinating Committee of MeECL Associations (CCORMAU) has protested against the introduction of the Electricity (Amendment) Bill 2022 in Parliament by the Central Government. MeECL has announced a two hour strike at all MeECL offices in the state tomorrow.
It is also a good thylliej and a good source of beer.
Shillong: The KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit, under the leadership of Samla Everwell Robin Thongni, President of the KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit, has been arrested. The Executive Engineer of PWD Mawkyrwat Division, South West Khasi Hills District, yesterday met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Mawkyrwat Division on two issues.
The losers are the school children.
He was ordained a Lyngdoh Sohblei on 23rd July,
On the other hand, the family members said that Bah Roning Nongkynrih used to carry six cows from one village to another village and not to smuggle them.
Introducing the zero hour, Bah Charles said that this demand came after a religious leader, Sister Rose Mary from Siju, South Garo Hills, was insulted and thrown out of an Assam bus while on her way. from Duhnoi to Goalpara.
Nongpoh: U Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang Constituency, on Tuesday visited Nongrim Jirang Village and the village leaders of Nongrim Jirang, complained about the need to repair the LP School. In Nongrim Jirang, Bah Victor Rani, announced that he will donate T.5 lakh to the school, so that they can use the money for the maintenance of the school.
This is the case in Maharashtra.
Those who wish to enter must apply for permission to enter.
After that, there was a talk between the BSF and the BGB and in the talk, the BGB did not release the fisherman, but surrounded the BSF. The BSF troops turned away from the scene and at that time, the BGB opened fire on the BSF troops, the report said.
Speaking on the VPP, Prestone said, “I have seen that many voters, especially in the Shillong Parliamentary constituency, have said that they want change, and I have to praise the voters who voted for me. Even the fare of cars and milk has been taken away, and I want other parties to be like that so that if we want change, it is not money”.
Nongpoh: Five young job seekers who realized that they had been deceived by a man who promised to employ them, yesterday arrested a man known as u Armos Pasam, from Northern Assam and resident of Nongthymmai, Shillong.
To know that it is the truth and not to dare to speak it as it is, is only a limit.
This is non-consensual behavior.
(9) And the darkness which could not be seen, which lasted three days, without seeing any friend.
He said that these members of the committee who elected the Rangbah Shnong without the knowledge of many churches, held the Dorbar on
Shillong, Naitung 5: U DP Central Executive Committee (UDP) Central Executive Committee (UDP) Member Wellborn Bynnud, who has been with the party since 2011, has announced that he will no longer be able to join the party. He sent his resignation letter to the President of the UDP Central Body Dr. Donkupar Roy.
The celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the Unitarian Church in Jowai started with house services throughout the day and today at 10 pm as a sign of honor to the founder of the church in Jowai Babu Hajom Kissor Singh Nongbri laid flowers to him. The statue of him is located on the ground floor of the Unitarian Church Jowai, which was completed by Marki Passah and the flag of the party was hoisted.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister praised the initiative of his father, PA Sangma to bring the Regional Office of the State Bank of India from Kolkata to Guwahati. which also says that banks play a vital role in ensuring that government activities and projects work as expected.
After that, Bah Rudi returned to Delhi and went back to New York. During his stay in New York, he had the opportunity to speak on Economic Reforms at Harvard University, University of Pennsylvania. and around the Chamber of Commerce and at the time of the World Trade Center explosion, Bah Rudi was in New York and he saw everything that happened at that time and it was a vision. which shall encourage thee.
Sohkymphor scored 253 runs in 20 overs for the loss of four wickets.
Until 2023 is too late.
He said the meeting decided to demand that the government should remove all the restrictions on government employees to hold village posts and if necessary, they should also meet with the government and district councils. or with the Rangbah Shnong to discuss this matter.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: The High Court of Meghalaya (BBA) on Tuesday held an election for the election of new office bearers and elected Sr Advocate S Chakrawarty as its President. and Advocate Kong NG Shylla as the Secretary General of the Association.
When asked whether anyone from the C&RD Block Pynursla office has visited the house, Strongwell said that his brother had spoken to the Gram Sevak but the Gram Sevak said that they have to shoot the picture themselves.
Now even in the most remote villages, there are many shops selling broiler, croiler and fish imported from outside the state.
“It is the political act of the NDA government to mislead the people,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said, “To strengthen this, it is now up to us the leaders to follow up on the Resolution introduced in the Legislative Assembly in 2018 to force the Government of India to introduce the The Khasi language is included in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Sahil Sharma of MHRD scored 35 runs from 20 balls while Gino A. Sangma of NEHU took two wickets in four overs for 37 runs.
The incident happened at the house of Balahunlang Kharkongor at Madanrting Pdeng, Block D. Speaking to Rupang, Pyndaplin Kharkongor, sister of Balahun, said that the sohsaw was bought from Madanrting Pdeng village. She said that in the evening, her sister was preparing to cook jyntah and she went to get sohsaw from the jhur but she found that a sohsaw was just center of the width he had a strange symbol which was clearly seen to be in the shape of a cross.
The song is composed by Fillstar MJ & BanshanJ and sung by Fillstar MJ & BanshanJ. Produced by M4RK and edited by Amos Suting at KS Studio.
The villages where the KSU will award prizes include Mookhep, Wapungskur, Wapungshnong, Tuberkmai Village and Shohshrieh.
The producers of the film have selected three locations in the state to shoot the film and these three locations are Sohra, Umniuh and Laitlum, but they are still waiting for permission. Savan Bannerjee, the line producer of the film, who is also from Guwahati but lives in Mumbai, said that the film will be released in Mumbai.
The village leaders expressed their dissatisfaction with the poor condition of the road and asked why the same road has been running well in Ri-Bhoi while the parts under Mairang PWD Division are in poor condition. and the past shall be destroyed.
Sub: Approval of the Constitution of the Dorbar, Raid Mynsaw.
In the blood of Jesus, Satan has no power, fears have disappeared, even death can hold man because Jesus has been raised from the dead.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Last year, Meghalaya was awarded the Best State award at the Startup India Awards and ranked first alongside Karnataka and Gujarat.
The finalists were Mawiongrim B and Nongneng C, where Mawiongrim B won the title by beating Mawiongrim B and Nongneng C. Nongneng C scored the first goal of the match (1-0).
At the same time, the Seng said that the lack of job allocation policy according to the population has affected the youth of Rilum Khasi Jaintia.
If we Christians in Meghalaya think that these attacks on Christians in other states do not affect us because they do not happen in our state, then we are mistaken.
They said that since the time he left the house, they have no information about him, but what surprised the family members of the man was after 5:30 pm. At 10 pm, they received information about the murder of the man.
The office of AH & Veterinary Shillong through the director has clarified that so far there has been no confirmation of Coronavirus in the dog.
Samla Banroy Wahlang said that the party is deeply concerned about the problems faced by the residents of the village due to the deterioration of the road. The villagers have taken the initiative to conduct a voluntary work to repair this road for the safety of the people in coming and going. to join the party on that day.
Shillong, July 18 : U MDC of Mawlai, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw on Friday said that he will contest again in the upcoming MDC elections and will accept the decision of the people. They are still able or not able to serve the village of Mawlai.
When we celebrate the death of Kiang Nangbah we tell the story of him, when we celebrate Christmas we tell the story of the incarnation of Jesus Christ and so on according to their principles and truths.
He said that the government intends to rebuild the livelihood of the farmers by looking into the production of more crops and food processing facilities from the crops.
The victim was identified as Nimai Phawa and her husband was identified as Fortunate Pala.
Raids were conducted in Amlarem, Jowai, Mihmyntdu, Ladrymbai and Khlehriat.
“As it stands, the state government has taken action against the illegal coal mines in the right manner, and therefore, there will be no issuance of fresh orders and the hearing will be held again after three said the High Court.
They were identified as Kwerilin Lyngdoh, 7 years old and Kerlin Lyng, 19 years old.
The group had earlier written to the ECI, directing it not to allow the screening of Modi's film before the elections.
It is learned that during the flight of the plane, it collided with 100 birds in the air and also hit the parts of the engine. it was decided to get off before any accident occurred or interrupted in the middle of the journey.
“You shall not disturb or injure any visitor and shall not defile the place with bread as much as you can find.
“The department is still investigating those who drive illegally in vehicles and two wheelers and the SPT police have deployed them to monitor the youths who drink alcohol. drugs and alcohol and those without a license and to prevent any tragic incident.
Therefore, the party appeals to the paradoh parasnam of the land of Hynniewtrep to unite and at the same time the party supports various political parties across the North East in their struggle. .
According to police sources, the four suspects were identified as Rit Lakashiang (35) Rangbah Shnong of Amsku, War Jaintia who is also a member of the HNLC. He was accompanied by former leader of the party, Bah Julius Dorphang.
Victor said that the Indian Forest Act 1927 has not been implemented because there is no United Khasi Jaintia Autonomous Forest Act
The residents of Khliehrymphum Village, Ladthadlaboh, behind the Jowai Polytechnic, have taken over the responsibility of building a dirt road to enter the village on Saturday.
Minister Duh said the increase in the number of tourists is evidence of the development of tourism in the country.
The Acting Dolloi of Block-1, the Acting Dolloi of Ma Prolin Samiang, the Secretary of Labang Nangphyllut District, Wing Sutong, three Langdoh Shynrang and Three Langdoh Kynthei of Raid Nongjrong, Raid Labang and Raid Nangphyllut, Chandame Sungoh Chairman HBDRF and L Tariang the elders and hundreds of people from all over the villages.
The scene of the shooting is still under the jurisdiction of Pynursla Police Station.
“Unfortunately, the MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma has no budlum regarding this power grab from Assam.
“We welcome and confirm that the Mawjynbuin Krem has been recognized by the Ministry of Tourism as one of the world tourist attractions,” said the Vice President of KSKSM. Dr CP Joshi has arrived in Shillong on his first visit since he was appointed to lead the Congress in Meghalaya.
Kynsai said the worst affected areas were in Smit, Umphrup and Thangsning, and there was no damage as it was the time when the farmers had not yet started planting.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and friendly as both the teams played hard from the start and Mawlai scored the first goal in the 15th minute through Iaisonlang Dohling but only after In the 17th minute, PFR opened the scoring through Kevinson Synrem and in the 58th minute, PFR opened the scoring through Jonwery Marwein.
The Graduation Ceremony for the year 2023 was held on 24th July by the Kiang Nangbah Government College Students' Union, under the leadership of Precioustar Sten President along with other members and office bearers of the union.
The main reason for this failure of the students is the impact of Covid-19 and the lockdown of schools in the next two years, that is, in and 2021.
“Your prayer today has been an answer that God from above has given you a share through getting this new house to live in from today”, said Bah Rishan. .
“It is usual when something happens, to blame, but for me personally, I feel that we should stop blaming but work together to overcome this problem,” he said.
It is a powerful drink to cleanse the body of toxins.
After Meghalaya failed to score much in the last three innings, foreign player Saee Purandare came out once again and scored 53 runs including shiphew. three boun daries.
“If Christians still rely on the Congress for protection, it is better not to pray to Jesus,” he said.
In the second leg, Tamu beat Morathud 2-1 with Jubanlak Laloo scoring in the 3rd minute and Dathiklang Laloo in the 52nd minute.
He also demanded that the State Government should not delay in ensuring the eviction of Government employees and to evict the illegal residents from Them Iew Mawlong.
To teach the benefits of Ayurveda and to provide a platform for students, teachers/and pharmacists to learn more about ayurvedics and also to bring enlightenment and awareness among the public from the part of a healthy lifestyle.
“When we have our own land, we can form our own government and stand as an independent nation.
Leviticus 23:6-8
A report by North East Now said that the party, led by Vinay Joshi, a former RSS worker, has demanded in the past few days, many issues related to the RSS. long against the Christians in the State.
They also participated in the Post Graduate Diploma in Police Administration and Investigation from Sardar Patel University, Jodhpur.
“There are eight MDCs of the UDP. I have not heard anything (that they will support the NPP-led EC).
At present, we cannot say anything about Rikman because he has not been very prominent in politics even though he has contested elections in the past years.
This will affect especially those people who live in that area or near that area where there are mineral resources such as uranium, coal, petrol and so on.
They also said that many people are defaming the name of the Khasi while the job is the responsibility of the mynder. who live illegally in all parts of Shillong.
“It's not what I want to answer, but on this police raid, the person just wanted to turn the illegal activities into political issues, and this has nothing to do with it,” he said. bad you election".
Shillong: All the Khoraw Khyllot Youth, including the Nongtrai, Digir and Muliang, from all over the state are invited to attend a meeting. 3rd Annual Fresher's Meet “All Lyngam Youths” Shillong unit will be held on 5th March 2019 at Savio Hall Dhanketi Shillong.
Then there was the collapse of human walls, roads.
Speaking to media, HYC Organizing Secretary Nickson Dohling said that the HYC has been opposed to the mining of uranium since the beginning and we will continue to oppose it.
Then add half a teaspoon of shynrai powder and mix well.
Organizations including the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) and the All Tai Ahom Students Union (ATASU) have staged a road blockade on the Mariani-Nagajanka road, which connects Nagaland.
Besides, Bah Tynsong recalled that the election campaign of the VPP is related to the attempt made by a preacher in 1999 who said that the world will end in 2000 and people who believe in They fled to the forest and surrendered themselves and their possessions, but after 24 years these families lived in poverty.
Israel will no longer trust in the one who struck them (the Beast), they will trust in the Lord, the Holy One of Israel.
Khliehriat, November 15 : The MPUF in collaboration with the MPUF held a meeting on the 12th of this month under the leadership of EJHD President Bah K.Blah in the presence of the President of the EJHD. Dawanpoimi Laloo and other members of the party have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abilash Baranwal, IAS, regarding the strong opposition of the party to the government's plan to deliver the The railway line in the state passes through East Jaintia Hills District.
Donbok added that the provision of this free medical treatment to the children is part of the efforts to help them.
Others who sent their congratulations to the Lamphang included Alexander Laloo Hek (BJP), Dr Mukul Sangma (TMC), Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar (UDP), Ronnie Lyngdoh (Congress) and others. .
“The allegation by the Sengbhalang that Ma Welley Muksoor has worked for a long time in his job in EJHD and is close to the people is unacceptable because he is still joining his job. As DSP of EJHD only on August 1, 2012 and less than 10 years have passed and the allegation that he has been close to the people is wrong because it is the duty of the police to cooperate. and the people for the sake of peace and stability in society and also so that crime can be curbed in various ways.
The rocket will have a speed of more than three times the speed of sound before it separates from the machine carrying it and returns to Earth.
It is strongly suspected that the young man was killed by unknown assailants.
The HNLC in a statement through its General Secretary, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that the proposal of 'one nation, one election' could be a tool to promote the thinking of Hindutva which aims to change the country. to declare India a Hindu country and to abolish the principles of secularism and equality by the Government of India.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Ronald Kharumnuid said that in these days and ages we need to learn about computers, because in every job we need a computer.
He said that it is necessary to expand the training of teachers so that it can help to enroll the children in public schools where other children used to attend.
It is reported that many children have become ill in these days, due to the excessive heat and then the increasing fire, which has increasingly affected the people.
Before the distribution of these items, the President of KSU Mawlai Circle gave a speech and in his speech he expressed his gratitude to the KSU Mawlai Circle. It is a small force, but it has been able to contribute at this time when our country along with the world as a whole is facing a great difficulty due to the temporary closure of schools. , workplaces, markets and transportation so that we can fight against this disease.
He said that if the PDF comes to power, it will set up a committee with experts from various departments to ensure that it becomes a law.
At home you have to go online, just to get the line.
On the other hand, the PFR girls beat Umpling 7-0 in the first match, followed by the victory of Laitkor in the first match. Mawkriah West scored 16-0 goals.
The same has happened to West Ham captain Declan Rice, as the team prepares to face Fiorentina in the Europa Conference League final on July
If the Government does not listen to these suggestions, the group will hold a mass protest against the Government.
Speech was also delivered by the Director of IIM-Shillong, Prof.DP Goyal, who expressed his pride in the achievements of the students and congratulated the teachers and staff for their hard work. their shitom.
Shillong, June 28: The Deputy Commissioner (Election) of South West Garo Hills, Ampati has informed the police to check for any offer of money, drugs or food items during the election. election because it is a money laundering and if found guilty they should be punished by imprisonment for up to 10 years along with a fine.
/ Amos 5:21-26.
The Minister promised that the government will include the recommendations of the Association in the discussions to be held soon to prepare the coal mining method.
Bah Pynshngianlang, Chief Executive Member of KHADC, said that this is a consultative group for the people of the state, who are in a state of confusion where to turn and where to go.
Shillong: The Meghalaya United Christian Forum (MUCF) on Tuesday said that it believes that every day is a gift from God.
He said this at a public meeting held at Iooksi with the participation of 13 villages from Iooksi Saphai area on Friday.
Nongpoh: U Rangkynsai Tynsong, 44, has been seriously injured when a truck collided with a house at Umling village in Ri Bhoi District.
This was announced in a statement by D.Syngkon, District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat.
The farmer, who was very worried about the damage caused by the snakes to his field, built a tyngier, which was covered with burning coins and inside these coins, he set fire to it. and these snakes, which fell into the fire, burst into flames.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 27: Leaders and members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Huroi Unit on their inspection of the Sub Center at Huroi village, in the past few days, found that there are still many shortcomings. When the members of the union talked to the staff of the Sub Centre, they learned that not only the water which is necessary for the health centre, but also the water supply. There is no main facility at the Sub Centre, there is a shortage of electricity, there are no beds for delivery, there are no beds for newborns. “When the KSU Huroi has seen and witnessed with its own eyes these shortcomings inside this sub-centre, the KSU is deeply saddened,” said the statement. He said that all this shows that the people of the border area have been neglected especially those poor women who give birth to children and also the people who are sick. difficult.
Shillong, Nailar : The Thma U Rangli-Juki (TUR) together with other residents of Meghalaya have expressed their anger and strong condemnation against the Gujarat Government for deciding to release 11 robbers involved in the robbery. which is not the case with Bilkis Bano.
“At present, some funds have been allocated for the implementation of the railway project but as the works have not progressed, the Government of India will ask how long this fund will be allocated.
Modi stressed on strengthening the training institutions and preparing them for the future.
Police are still investigating who committed the crime and what should be done about it.
He said that these robbers are smugglers of cattle, kyiad, drugs and other such activities which are harmful to the residents and also against the law.
When Mawphor spoke to some of the drivers of commercial vehicles in Shillong, they expressed their dissatisfaction with these motorcycles because they drive slowly without having to pay any permit fee or tax while they have to pay every fee. The government has been working hard to improve the quality of taxi services in the Motphran area.
Shillong: The KSU Mawthadraishan Circle, under the leadership of the Organizing Committee, Samla Balander Marngar together with the members of the KSU Mawthadraishan Circle, on Tuesday conducted an inspection of the documents of foreign traders and the vehicles carrying biscuits. local village from business licenses and business licenses.
The shelter has been funded by the Directorate of Social Welfare of the State Government and will be managed by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE).
In a statement, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Central Body strongly condemns the law enforcement agencies of East Khasi Hills for violating all the provisions of the Constitution and the The incident which happened on Tuesday evening outside the area under Section 144 Crpc.
In the women's category, Bitiris Marbaniang came first, Starina Jasain came second and Snora Rani came third.
[continued]"Let's go and find the night..." She left the house immediately.
The Foreign Government 80 years ago planned to grant independence to India and the leaders of the country gathered especially the Khasi Hima because at the time of the drafting of the Constitution of the Khasi Hima it would be included in the 6th. Schedule and when the independence was declared 75 years ago, the Khasi Hima was placed under the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council but the rulers of the Nongmynsaw Hima refused and chose to stay with Assam because it was easier to travel. you come, you speak (Adm.
The Sengbhalang groups have been descending since 8 pm this night and at the time of writing, there are still many Sengbhalang groups, who are still gathering and looking for the truth about the incident, she said. message.
Shillong, Lber 23: A senior member of the GNLA, Raksim Ch Momin, 22, of Shillong, on Friday surrendered to the police. He joined the GNLA in 2012 in the fourth group but in 2013 he left the GNLA with Reding T Sangma and formed ASAK. He was buried in the presence of church leaders and relatives.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MU DA) has decided to set up a single authority to look after the construction of houses in areas outside the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MU DA). meeting today convened by the Minister of Urban Affairs.
However, Assam will not be able to do so.
Matthew 24:12.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Roads, Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, on Tuesday said that he wants the people of the state to use vehicles that do not need petrol or diesel but Do not use electric vehicles and vehicles do not use chemicals such as ethanol or methanol.
On the other hand, Bah Bajop Pyngrope said that he joined the NPP because of the work that the party has done for the people, including the border issue. the thrang and angnud all shikatta.
I don't have any other words, other than this," Meloni said.
After the shooting death of the Ex.General Secretary of the HNLC on 13th August 2021 in Mawlai and on the day of the burial of his mortal remains on Independence Day, On the 15th August 2021, a protest was held by the residents of Mawlai against the police's lack of cooperation in shooting like wild animals and human beings without mercy.
These needs include money, food, clothing, education, employment and others.
“The old factory, which was established in 1966, has stopped operating until 2014 and the new factory, which started construction in 2006, has not been operational yet and is expected to be operational within the next few months,” he said. , he said.
When the smell of the river is good, it is raining.
The Minister in charge of Education, on this occasion, also introduced the amendments to the existing laws regarding the five private universities which already exist in the state. which include the Mahatam Gandhi University (Amendment) Bill, 2019, The University Of Science and Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2019, CMJ University, (Amendment) Bill, 2019, Maharashtra Institute of Technology University of Meghalaya (Amendment) Bill, 2019 , The Techno Global University (Amendment) Bill, 2019, Martin Luther Christian University (Amendment) Bill, 2019 and The William Carey University (Amendment) Bill, 2019.
The UDP has 12 MLAs, the HSPDP has two MLAs and an MDC, and this has affected the vote of Robertjune Kharjahrin in the MP election. .
We will allow tourists to come freely to experience the beauty of the state,” said Prestone.
He said that the traffic police will implement this rule for a while and if there is no cooperation of all, a decision will be taken not to allow passengers to park or promote. If you find that there are no suspects in the area, the police shall investigate or prosecute according to the rules of law.
KHNAM said that it has sent a complaint to the Minister of PHE and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, but it was found that the Water Supply Department has not listened to the complaint. They have announced in the newspapers that the water is safe to drink.
However, at that time, he also created a Sub-Division including Mawthengkut and Pynursla in the Khasi Hills and this surprised those who spoke against him because others could not even do as he did. .
As regards the prevalence of Benami activities in the State; On the other hand, the KSU has urged these two District Leaders to curb the increasing and excessive trafficking in the State by foreigners in the name of Tribals by implementing the The Benami Transaction (Prohibition) Act 1988 and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (Trading by Non Tribal) Regulation Act
Police are investigating the incident and at the same time they are searching for the suspect.
“At a time when the people of Assam are in danger, it is not good to just sit and watch.
Speaking to reporters, some Dkhars in the city said that the religious practices could be affected because the people are now in financial difficulties due to reasons such as the coal ban in recent years, the decline in income. The book, which they have, also affects their income.
The constituency has 58 polling stations, of which Balsrigittim in Williamnagar has 1,273 voters and Naregre has the highest number of voters. which has 83 voters.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 15: The Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) today held a public awareness campaign on the PMEGP scheme implemented for the year 2008-09 in collaboration with the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC). Prime Minister's Rozgar Yojana (PMRY) to improve income in rural areas.
He also advised and urged the students to do well in their studies besides their talents in sports and especially those who will take various examinations to spend more time in sports. The MLA also handed over a computer and printer to the school so that they can achieve their goals in life and avoid the misuse of mobile phones.
This achievement not only includes Nazareth Hospital among the groups among about 1000 health centers in the country, but also shows the hard work and determination in terms of their safety. patients and the best health care system.
It is a shrub, only about 7-10 meters tall and has large leaves.
“It is the time to celebrate until the end and believe that Behdieñkhlam will bring good agriculture and that it will drive away the evil from the society and that good will conquer the evil of the world,” he said. Shallam said that India is a country united despite the differences and various religions and ethnic groups, so he invited everyone to witness Behdieñkhlam and witness the richness of India. culture and tradition.
The President of the Jowai Village Authority Union, Alan Niangti, has announced that on 10th January 2022, three markets in Jowai including Seinraij Market, Shyiap Market of the Jowai Presbyterian Church and CNI Market will be closed.
On the other hand, Bah C.Thongni General Secretary of the HSPDP Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, said that the people of the party in Rambrai Jyrngam constituency have expressed their regret after hearing the news of the action of the state government. The MDCship of these leaders has been terminated.
For example, a census taker at 11 o'clock left at 5 o'clock but as soon as he left the village, dozens of people had entered the village.
The Mizoram government has also set up a working committee under the leadership of the Minister of Home Affairs – Lalchamliana to look into the issues related to these issues. that paid Manipur.
He put a seed in him and blessed him to grow, since Adam proves this.
The two governments have done this because they want to end the border dispute between the two states.
The Christmas Advance Cake was also cut and Christmas gifts were distributed to several people who have special talents. The K.B.A has donated money to enable it to carry out many projects.
“There is an agreement between the PHE department and the company that is constructing the 2-lane (Sohiong By-Pass) but it is also possible that the landslide in this area has caused the pipes to burst,” he said. , said Mr. Samuel.
It is now up to the Speaker what he will do.
In the political arena, it is a word of honor.
Sucrip Manar scored the first goal for Niaw Wasa in the 20th minute.
A truck (AS 01 DD 4496) collided with a truck on the National Highway at Lumsnong on the 16th of this month. The body of (L) Bishujit Chakrabarty, 10, of Bishujit Chakrabarty, has been found in the truck. Santinagar, Khowai, West Tripura.
JOWAI: A fire truck of the Fire and Emergency Service, Jowai has been blocked by a stone while trying to extinguish a fire at two places at Meghalaya Transport Corporation, Jowai depot and a station last night. Ladthadlaboh near Rymbai Gas Agency.
The RSS was founded in November 1925 by Dr. Kishav Baliram Hedgewar on Vijayadashami, the Hindu festival when Ram defeated Ravana or Rabon who kidnapped Ram's wife Sita.
He said that India and East Asian countries faced many difficulties during the British rule and the revival of trade between India and East Asia will continue to boost the economy. get the court.
However, it was learned that among all the districts, only East Khasi Hills has the lowest number of children vaccinated, which has reached only about 60 percent.
These teas also contain Vitamins A, B3, C, D and E which can protect the skin from infection and cleanse the body of waste products and improve the strength of the internal organs of the body. this can slap.
Meghalaya is the fourth poorest state in India and the poorest state in the North East.
“Help the poor to develop their nation, to be united, and to live together, so that the country will grow and peace will come to the world”.
The KSU said that the increasing power outages in Narpuh area have caused problems to the people of the area especially to those students who are preparing to take their examinations.
When asked, the Minister of Home Affairs said, “Until now, we don't know whether this youth (Wanbiang) is involved in trafficking or smuggling, or just getting paid to help.
In the opening match of the tournament, Hills United Diphu won the title by beating Khlieh Mawlong Football Club. Khlieh Mawlieh Football Club beat Khlieh Mawlieh 4-2 in the tiebreaker.
The program was attended by the President of HFU, Mawlai Circle, Bah C Kharumlong, HFU office bearers, Rangbah Shnong Mawsiatkhnam Shemphang Wahlang, Village Office bearers, UDP leaders from Mawlai, women and others.
The EC has also decided to complete the confirmation of district office bearers by September
Eugene said that according to the documents, the Tyrsad PHC which the people have been waiting for for years has been successful until the former Mawphlang MLA himself fought to drive it to Delhi. The administrative approval in 2021, only nine days before his death, and not only that but also the road from Mawphlang to Mawsynram, was the issue that his father spoke first because he believed that He said that the road is the next step in the development of the road and he did this by inviting the two MLAs, the MLA from Mawsynram and Ranikor constituencies to sign the proposal.
According to the officials of the Food Corporation of India, during the inspection by the FCI, the rice from these factories sent by Beed, Nandurbar, Latur and other districts to The past 10 years under the Public Distribution System (PDS) has been found to be unsuccessful.
The march started from Ladkiang Nangbah College to Iawmusiang and Jerusalem Square.
In his speech, Minister Duh emphasized on the venue of the program – the Bharat Mandapam and the people who came to participate – the people who look after the development in remote areas. .
However, there are times when as a human being he cannot fulfill the wishes of the people, because the MDC scheme is small.
We will seek funds from the World Bank, Asian Development Bank (ADB) and others for these development projects,” James said.
The two youths who caught the bird were Solomon Syiem and Duh Kui Buhphang.
We know that the committee has met many times to discuss how to develop the CMP, but those meetings have ended in drinking without being able to inform the residents about these issues. They said that the government would work for those three years.
Besides these famous dances, there are many other rituals that our ancestors used to perform such as the phur ka siang, the kñia thep mawbah, the rituals before planting and burial and many other rituals that claim to be the customs and traditions of the nation.
“The working methods of the BJP have changed from the past when we joined in 2015 to another BJP these days and this has led them to leave this party to join the party. Congress,” he said.
When asked, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the decision of the Court will not affect the second phase of the border talks with Assam, as the talks will continue after the creation of the regional bodies. committees.
He said that the conduct of such trainings will help the farmers to get training on organic plantations like Sikkim.
“Only I and my sister knew, we didn't tell anyone, but in the morning we found that the sign of the cross had become brighter so we told all the relatives in the house,” said Pyndaplin. talk to Rupang.
He said that the violence is not only in this country but is even worse abroad like in the Middle East.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of the ration for the month of August in Khliehriat.
Shillong, June 29: Ka Andris Lyngkhoi has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station that on the 26th of this month at 8 pm, three persons identified as Silbester Thabah, Alexander Syiem and Sing Lyngkhoi, they were arrested in the Iawron River at Phodumbah, WKH. Regarding this incident, the Dorbar Shnong has summoned these men through the members of the VDP, to appear before the Dorbar.
Shillong, June 28 : The San Shnong Youth Welfare Organization (SSYWO) on Thursday 28th June 2023 concluded the 2nd SSYWO Free Inter School Knockout Football Tournament
The Commissioner and Secretary of the Assembly, Bah Andrew Simon, said that by the end of the filing of nominations for the post of Lamphang, only Thomas Sangma has been accepted.
The MLAs also alleged that they are the people of the most paid Meitei group in Manipur who have caused bloodshed with the tribals.
On the other hand, the Syiem promised to continue to monitor the issue of the farmers in the market.
Shillong Zone Social Welfare Secretary Tidolis Snaitang welcomed the guests and Raibah Zone Secretary Y Ehkupar Snaitang opened the meeting with prayer and blessing.
Referring to the family of Badabetsha L.Mawphlang and Jilstar Syiemiong, Staising Kharbteng said that the earthquake in the bedroom was a blessing from God. and tragedy to cause them to wake up before the landslide occurs.
We don't talk about the contribution of Khasi women in the struggle for independence or their participation in shaping the judiciary since before independence.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, President of the Club, said that the beauty of the waters, rivers and places in Khasi Hills, attracts a lot of tourists.
The court said that until the law is passed by the State Government, the order passed by the previous court will continue to apply.
He said the goal of the autumn capital demand which had started to gain support and progressed well through the protests, but the attack on the Prime Minister has made this demand vulnerable, which should strongly condemned.
ACHIK feels that he has taken this issue and acted like a movie just to entertain, when he knows he has other options,” she said.
“The Assembly has a Privilege Committee, our MLAs will take up this task.
According to witnesses, it may have been caused by a power outage, but police have not been able to confirm this.
Similarly, on the beekeeping industry through the Apiculture Mission, the government has been able to assist more than 4000 beekeepers by establishing linkages through the markets and encouraging them to develop and improve their fish farming. this work.
Keniong Village is an old village which has been established for more than 100 years after the earthquake in 1897 after they came from Nongbaw Village which was severely affected by the earthquake. Sir William Lewis, a missionary from Wales, to leave Nongbaw and settle in Keniong.
In an interview with the media a few hours after the DC issued the order, the General Secretary of the EKHLTWA, Bah Edison Suting, said, “ This action of the Government against us who work in Shillong is like we are slaves because according to the issuance of the law it is immediate without any notice and without any invitation to join hands with us drivers of commercial vehicles. of East Khasi Hills and it is something we don't like because you say to ban us drivers you should first ban government employees who drive one vehicle per person.
He said that the government should not politicize this issue because the government has already expressed in the Legislative Assembly that they cannot talk about this issue because the The case is pending in the High Court.
Guwahati: An earthquake has struck parts of Assam, Meghalaya, West Bengal and Bangladesh at 8.45 am this morning.
He said that taking the people to the streets to protest against this issue is something that he does not approve of.
He also complained that the Sordar had given him three days to leave Lyngkhat or else they would burn down his house and shop.
On the other hand, the SP of East Jaintia Hills, said that police teams have been sent from Shillong to inspect the scene and the investigation has started to track down those involved.
He said the government has announced to open up to six new C&RD Block and some of them have already been opened and some will be opened soon.
This was announced by the Tournament Director of EJHDFA, Coming TM Tlang.
The headquarters of the Pressure Group has been chosen at Saitsohpen, a suitable heritage site.
These include East Khasi Hills 9, West Garo Hills 6, Ri Bhoi 1, South West Garo Hills 6, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 8, North Garo Hills 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1 and East Jaintia Hills .
Of course there is life after death on this Earth, and that eternal life and eternal torment can be FOREVER WITH THE LORD IN HEAVEN or FOREVER WITH SATAN IN HELL (Matthew 25:46) – and it depends on our individual preparation according to our preparation (Matthew 25:1-13).
Speaking to reporters on the occasion, Kirby said India is a close friend of the United States and therefore the US will continue to maintain friendly relations with India as it has always done. be.
Six coal miners in East Jaintia Hills District have died after a sudden fall from the tyllai connecting the machine they were using to descend and climb into the mine.
This has to be thought about carefully because it is more dangerous than losing those other benefits.
He said that electricity is a fundamental right of the people under Article 21 of the Constitution of India.
Bah Batskhem said that in the last four years as an MDC, he has fulfilled his duty as a leader whether it is in the development or any other task assigned to him.
As head coach, he has also led the team to an unbeaten record in 17 matches at the Sree Kanteerava Stadium, a record that has never been achieved by any team in the ISL. competing at home.
Shillong: After the filing of nomination papers by HDR Lyngdoh, John F Kharshiing has filed his nomination papers for the Congress ticket for the Lok Sabha elections
At present, the Parish of Pynthorumkhrah is standing and developing in many aspects whether in faith, in education, they are the legacy of Fr.Peter Schiavone whose name still remains. until now today to the spiritual children of this Parish.
These include EGH: 2, EKH: 22 and WKH:
He said that on July 12, police found the girl from Malda, West Bengal.
Shillong, November 7: SSA teachers in the state will start protesting by holding a mass march on the 12th of this month. The event will start from Nongthymmai Football Ground to Additional Secretariat Parking Lot from 11 am to 2:30 pm.
I Bah HH Mohrmen, who is a scholar in the literature of this era, I have seen recently that he has criticized the ethnic parties, that when the NPP wins, the ethnic parties lose and so on. Write, know what those national parties are doing, when they are the national parties, who have worked hard to bring about their own state, which has been liberated from the hands of foreigners.
Indigo Airlines @IndiGo6E has suspended its operations in #Shillong from 23rd June to 30th June
The KSU also said that the claim of the Chief Minister of Assam is completely wrong and that he wants nothing to do with the village forest and Mukroh village as a whole.
The quarter finals of the U-17 Girls and U-14 Boys categories will start tomorrow.
The highest number of districts are East Jaintia Hills (20%), Kra Daadi (16.4%), West Jaintia Hills (14.5%) and West Khasi Hills (10.9%).
The time is short, and the children will suffer.
Ghokale said that even after the committee headed by IGP Mukesh Kumar Singh has submitted its report to the DGP, no suspension has been taken. he is a police officer.
“According to the directive of the department, we have directed to prepare a new allocation for the construction of this bridge,” said the PWD chief.
A mother from Umden Nongtluh, Ri Bhoi District (without disclosing her name) gave birth to her baby inside a 108 car on the ground floor of NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 30th July that hospitals do not accept her to give birth.
He said that he has a strong hope that the people of Sohiong constituency will give him victory in the upcoming elections and the people also know that the person they will send to the House. The State Legislature shall advocate on issues affecting the people and the State as a whole.
At the same time, the CEM said that the Council has conducted an inspection to improve the area in a better manner especially the road.
These policemen have been charged with violating the law even while on duty.
The number of cases in Britain has risen to 5,018 and the death toll in the United Kingdom has risen to
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law.
The Central Government has set a target to implement the GST from 1st June
When I entered politics in 2008, I understood that politics alone is not enough, and that is why I understood that we need clean politics.
Sources from the residents of these areas said that the transportation and mining of coal stopped only during the police raid and there was a strong flight from the perpetrators. and after receiving information that the police who had come to raid were no longer there or had left, they began to hurry to continue their work.
He said that so far 60 firearms have been handed over under the CrPC and 24 people have been arrested under the preventive section.
The settlement of seven of the 12 disputed areas was completed last year, when a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed in New Delhi. .
WJYC President Daniel Khongsitu and Secretary Lasting Lamin Gadew said that the WJYC requests the office to take immediate action.
It means that we have to work hard with knowledge.
When they arrived at the place, they called the driver of the puh shilum and asked him who is working at the place. He said he did not know because he was the only driver of the puh shilum. which is owned by a man from Nongstoiñ.
The group led by Ricky Sohlang as Chairman said that they have met with the CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and the Chairman of the Special Committee of KHADC to discuss the issue. Hadrian Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Lahkmen said this after meeting with the Minister of Human Resource Development (HRD) Ramesh Pokhriyal in Delhi recently.
(Perhaps in Meghalaya too because we see many mystery workers, builders, dew miners, Pandal makers and others whose names and religions sound Bangla).
East Jaintia Hills Police on the morning of 25th June seized 24.76 grams of heroin and arrested the suspect.
On the other hand, the government authorities have directed all the zonal education officers under the Ministry of Education to take appropriate measures on this decision to resume education for the students.
Deng replied, “I don't know what you're doing.” Deng replied, “Why?” Deng replied. “I don't know why, but I'll see again,” said the boy. “Don't you want money?” asked the friend. “Why don't you want?” Deng replied. “If you don't work, I'll tell you that I'm sorry so that we can go somewhere alone,” explained the friend. “How can I do when my mother stops?” said Deng.
Clothes vendors, selling juti mostly from the big cities, have spread on both sides of the road from Lad Umsohsun to Motphran and Garikhana.
He said that the collapse of the dam was not accidental, as it was a sudden rise in the water level due to the rainfall on that day which was between 170 to 300 mm.
There may be many candidates for the 2024 MP election from the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency, and according to reports, six political parties will contest from this constituency.
Sec.School has managed to beat Sec.School to continue its journey to the final.
The success of MGNREGS in the state is due to the different implementation methods in the villages, where there is a Village Employment Council (VEC) which has been given the authority and responsibility for the scheme.
Days and months passed, and after he couldn't keep it a secret anymore, Bah Deng revealed his relationship with Lanosha.
Now that we have started working, there are about 150 children from Manipur who have been admitted to government schools in Delhi without the need for School Leaving Certificate.
“This incident should not end but the truth should be revealed, because until now the people are not sure whether it is true or whether it is just the intention of those in power using the officers. for the benefit of the world,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Shillong, November 22: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has expressed its deep sorrow over the recent incidents in Manipur which have affected the peace and order of the people.
Shillong, July 21: The Rangbah Shnong of Ladrymbai Dongwah under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong of Ladrymbai Dongwah today held a meeting at 9 pm to improve the standing of the Dorbar Shnong. vehicles which has adversely affected the movement of residents.
The attack started at 3 pm this morning but the Indian authorities have not been able to inform Myanmar as it was a time when the workers were not working. It was reported that this month 30 soldiers were shot dead by the militants and they are conducting the operation.
The MLA of Sohra said that many people think that Sohra has become a source of income only for tourism when they see the influx of tourists to the area. The world has not been able to save Sohra to this extent because tourists come only to see but do not spend money in Sohra. “They just came to watch, although they had enough places to eat and drink,” he said.
Another NOC was issued by the Dorbar Shnong Mawïawtep dated 17/01/2022, which states that there is no complaint against the intention of Bah Makdonal Lyngdoh to register and mine land from the village. The NOC was signed and sealed by the Rowel Sordar of Mawïawtep and signed by the Secretary with his seal.
In South West Garo Hills, three cases including two from Okkapara Cluster and one policeman.
The prize money for the winner of the men's category is T.60,000 and the runner-up T.30,0
He suggested that the Government should proceed with the inspection in all parts of the State, at the same time to strengthen the training programs for Rangbah Shnongs and Executive Members of Dorbar Shnongs, the contact with the parents and the periodic surveillance by the police of the buyers and users whether they continue or not.
It's like this – If they take the exam, they take it at the same time.
Therefore, the JSM, ER on the grounds of ensuring human rights has given the NHAI within six months from the date of sending the petition and the union believes that the NHAI will take action on the issue. This is the issue of improving this road, but if the NHAI does not do anything on this issue, the JSM will not hesitate to take a strong stand to demand human rights.
Meghalaya have lost seven times in the Col CK Nayudu Trophy and failed to score any points despite playing well against the best U-25 teams from all over the country. of the country.
She said the system needs to be restructured to figure out how to curb such crimes.
“We demand that the NEHU administration should cancel the proposal of the DSW as it is against the students and unfair,” said NEHUSU leader Brandon Lyttan.
The Secretary of the Seiñ Raij Tuber Women's Wing, Ms. F.Ryngkhlem, explained the history of the 7th Child Care Institute Cum Counseling Center which was established in children who have lost their parents, she said that they have held various programs to raise funds, they have held fetes, theatres, Miss Tuber and when the money comes out they will start They have faced many difficulties but without hesitation they have moved forward until they have been able to build this shlem and it has become a a great blessing to the community.
Leaders of the HYC Nongpoh Circle, who were confirmed on the occasion, include Tony Shylla as President, Richard Diengdoh, Wolstar Rani as Vice President, Nicky Nongsiej as General Secretary and others.
This was announced by Rgh S. Sari Publicity Secretary of the Sengkhihlang.
Earlier, the Joint Action Committee had refused to attend the meeting of the Academic Council convened by the Vice Chancellor, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla today.
There is a “No Entry” for vehicles coming from Longmaw to Mot Taxi Stand.
Meanwhile, party leaders including National Secretary Ram Madhav, Meghalaya Inspector Nalin Kohli and Assam Minister Himan Biswa Sarma will deliver speeches to the new office bearers of the party on the 21st. in the city and to prepare for the elections in the state.
They said that the group they have formed as KAM will stand for the protection of the land and from the decline in education, health, environmental degradation and others.
That goal will no longer be limited to the Moon, but the vast thwei of the universe has thousands of dew lynnong which man can go to know the mystery that they all hide.
Speaking as the chief guest, Marcuise N Marak, Minister, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to these 21 youths who have completed the training in various fields in relation to the They have been working in various government departments to ensure that the training center has been established in the state.
Nongstoin, June 06: The Union of Women's Organizations (UWN) Nongstoin Area, together with the Sengbhalang, today held a march, along with the flag raising ceremony, to protest against the Wine Store. The march started from Nongstoin Market to Pyndeng Village near the area where there are liquor outlets.
