From time to time, the KHADC has always been the most famous venue in the world for competition.
“When I sat down as CEM, day and night I thought about uniting the UDP and HSPDP, my goal was to shake hands with Bah Paul and Bah Ardent, but it took time because “It's a good idea to have a mutual understanding,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Jaiaw Constituency.
The Diengpasoh Pyllun Dorbar Shnong on Tuesday demanded that the President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Shiliang Umkhen Circle, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, should come and apologize or explain the allegation that he The Sordar of the village has allegedly refused to issue NOC to those who want to buy land.
Rani said the government's claim that it will look only at the Roster System without affecting the Reservation Policy is wrong.
“It is for this reason that sometimes he says why they work with the BJP, why they work with the NPP, why the national parties that love the country and the nation don't leave. “The MDA government and to form a government with the Congress as a party that loves the people,” he said.
Renikton L Tongkhar has replaced Samlin Malngiang, Minister of PHE from the HSPDP and Dasakhiat Lamare has replaced Comingone Ymbon. bat in the Department of Fisheries.
Dr Lamar said the census showed that out of the 379 prostitutes, 173 were single, 22 were divorced, 4 were widowed and 147 were married. live with others.
Shillong: U Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that people from Manipur have flocked to Madanriting and other places after the clashes in the state. .
“Therefore, the land dealers and members of the Seng should not worry about half-hearted news.
China has also claimed that the dew lynnong is part of itself and that it will take it back when it feels necessary to do so.
Meghalaya, which is known as the center of education, the rulers have decided to turn it into a state famous for gambling and casinos.
Kong I.Kharwanlang, adding that these students who have completed the MTET since 2021 have met from time to time to discuss the lack of appointment by the Government and They also met with the Minister of Education of the former Government, Bah Lamkmen Rymbui but the meeting was not successful.
Isn't this like allowing the Coronavirus to spread, because it has been overwhelmed? If you talk about the roads, you will be destroyed.
Meanwhile, UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh has denied reports in Delhi that the UDP is also part of the NDA. The North East Development Alliance (NDC) led by Hemanta Biswa Sarma is a group that works only for the development of the region.
It's possible that those changes to how stroke was detected during the course of the study could explain some of the increase".
They have demolished the old one, they have started the new work and the work is going well.
The match between Umlyngka SC and Gorkha Association, which started at 3 pm, was played at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium. Chesterfield Makroh scored the third goal in the 75th minute.
We also request the vendors in the market to understand us, because we want to produce products from the state so that it can develop,” said Bah Bantei. The HFU requests the government to do something to help these farmers who have started raising these cows and cannot manage them.
He leaves with a confident sense of escape.
Earlier, Bah HDR Lyngdoh launched the memorial book of the school while Bah Metbah launched the school song.
According to the Symbud Lamphang of KHADC, Kong Nongrum died due to the negligence of the authorities of the hospital and he demanded that the employees who did not take responsibility for their work should be punished.
This announcement was made by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in a letter sent to the faithful.
The program was conducted in collaboration with Jongsha PHC, under the leadership of Dr. Arkhambha Nongbri and Dr. Lari B.Lyndem.
Shillong: While the Cabinet of Ministers in the MDA government is moving forward; Suddenly, in the afternoon, leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) came to the Secretariat gate led by the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
After returning from Japan, he spoke to the Secretary in charge of Meghalaya, VN Narayanswamy and requested that the Act should not be implemented for the time being as it would be a threat to the political system in the State. and it can also affect the organization.
He is proud of his words but he doesn't do anything,” said Bah Mawleiñ.
These stone and shyiap quarrying activities are essential for all purposes – to build houses, to build wells, to build shops.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that it will hold the Independence Day Cup Under-16 Football League Cum Knock Out Tournament 2022 at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
He added that in the past, the people complained that the presence of various insurgents had caused fear among the people but now the Assam police have become insurgents.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 4: The Union Minister of State for Jal Shakri, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat today visited Ri Bhoi District to meet with government officials to search for Information on the development projects implemented in this District as one of the 'Aspirational District' which has been allocated for development projects to promote the development of this District through development grants from the Central Government.
Shillong, July 7, 2011: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MDC of 15-La Ban Mawprem Constituency, has written to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). CEM Pynshngain N Syiem urged the government to implement the Establishment of Town Committee Act 1960 and the Establishment of Town Committee Act
In the second match, Madrasa beat Jail Road Boys by 10 wickets.
Regarding the beliefs of Menshohnoh, Menaiksuid, superstition and superstition, the village authority said that these have disappeared.
As the man of God said, “they are obvious".
Nongum said the government has now abolished many farmer schemes such as winter cropping or the scheme for rainy season crops.
Shillong, June 23: The High Court Judge Justice SR Sen has summoned the Sordar of Wahkhen, Bah Skhembor Khongjirem to appear before him on Tuesday, June 29, 2015 at 10:30 am.
The UDP should have a suitable candidate to defeat Dango.
He said that the CA will remain in office while the work is ongoing.
I don't know how to write Khasi.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Assembly Secretariat is still waiting for the government to allocate land for the construction of a house at Mawdiangdiang.
“The school is a community space.
Rev. Dr.BL Nongbri, (Principal) welcomed the guests and students by Rev. Dr.BL Nongbri, (Principal) who also briefly explained the contribution of Rev.Dr.John Roberts in the establishment of the Cherra Theological College was founded in 1887 in Sohra (this college was moved to Shillong in 1994 and is now known as John Roberts Theological College).
Shanmuganathan, who is also the President of the Indian Red Cross Society, urged the volunteers to conduct regular blood donations in schools, colleges and other places to help the people in need.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The state has more than 44,000 residents with various disabilities till 2011, which is 11 years ago.
She said the government should take into account the children living on the streets and homeless so that it can create opportunities to get them out of trouble.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) has sent a letter to the Registrar of the Meghalaya High Court on November 16 to take action against the alleged police misconduct.
Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them. IA U.1 Corinthians 2:9.
However, when Bah Rymbui was arrested, the price of coal increased to 90,000 tyngka per truck.
Muskut Elaka is the smallest elaka with only one village – Muskut Village which has only 71 men who are eligible to vote for Bud or elect Dolloi.
According to the complaint, the vehicle was outside her residence at 12:15 pm playing music.
Lyndem said that most of the people who throw garbage are from the state who come from different villages and the village has warned them.
“If the youth want a job, they should vote for the BJP. Allow the BJP once,” said Bah Shullai.
“As the Dealers of the State, we extend our condolences to the Government and the Police Department who have prevented this incident in the middle of the road from these petrol trucks.
The Union has also decided to withdraw from the membership of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri U Hynniewtrep (SKNSBH) until it has full office bearers and has received the approval of the Dorbar Shnongs of they.
Besides, she said that the launch of the vehicle has nothing to do with politics or the people think otherwise.
Congratulating the team of doctors, surgeons, para medical staff, senior most surgeons, Dr NP Laloo expressed his satisfaction that the Orthopedic Department of the Hospital has progressed.
The Bihar government has announced Rs 5 lakh assistance to the families of those killed in the blast.
At the same time, the CEM has warned against those shops which are still using plastic and said that if they continue to use plastic, they should be closed down and if they are foreign shops, they should be closed down. just revoke the license.
On the same day, a friendly match was played between Officers FC and MLA FC, and the match ended with the Officers team defeating the MLAs 5-0 The Children, Cadets & Juniors of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKO) who went to participate in the WAKO National Kickboxing Championship 2023 have returned today with 10 teams. that eat.
The excessive wisdom of this age has led to the wrong not only in the way of thinking but also in the way of morality.
Thakuria, who may have been able to score again in the second innings of Arunachal Pradesh, scored a hat-trick after scoring two wickets. batters in her first inning.
“We will establish a foundation according to their needs to allocate funds for the public campaign,” said Bah Paul.
Nongpoh, March 27: Guwahati Police led by Partha Sarathi Mahant Joint Commissioner of Police, in collaboration with Jorabat Police this morning seized about 2500 kilos of Ganja packed in 32 shops. packets from Jorabat area worth Rs 15 crore during the search operation after receiving detailed information.
Shillong, July 24: The Head Master of Sohryngkham Secondary School, Bah P.Kharum Nuid, has informed the public that there will be a meeting of the school on the 25th of this month at 9:30 pm at Sohryngkham Dorbar Hall. , Iewlyngka (Sohryngkham-Iulong), said that the meeting was to discuss and discuss the preparations of the school for the celebration of the Golden Jubilee this year.
We hope to continue this support by transporting patients so that the country as a whole will be healthy”.
The District Election Officer, West Jaintia District, Jowai has announced that the General Election of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, 2023, will be held in Persons with Disabilities, voters with disabilities of 40% or more and Senior Citizen voters (voters over 80 years of age) have been allowed to vote. Your vote shall be by postal ballot.
(I don't know what prompted him to say that, but it is interesting that it came from the M.P.Uttarakhand.
The ceremony was witnessed and confirmed by the Chief of the Hima Khyrim, Pa'iem Habapan Sing Syiem, the Priest of the Nongkrem Raid, Bah Pyniaidsuk Lyngdoh, Bah Bhalang Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Nongkrem Dorbar Pyllun, Tymmen Basan F Pyngrope.
On the first day, which is the day of Shahi Snan, or the cleansing ceremony, thousands of people go to bathe in the Ganga.
On the other hand, Bah Mawrie also congratulated the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for the launch of the Raozgar Mela which has allocated up to 10 lakh government jobs in the Central Government. that young country.
“The government has made promises but has not done anything. There are CID officers here on the ground to tell the government that if my speech is wrong, arrest me or the government can punish me. file a complaint against me,” said Bah Kenneth.
The shopkeepers here also break the nights that come out of this shop to the places nearby this tourist attraction because there is no place to break the shop.
“They (district cadres) will be treated without any pay scale increment but they will get recognition,” he said.
Surprisingly, according to information received through the website dated October 24, 2017, EESL, a company of the Government of India, has purchased this meter at a price of only 2503 tyngka to install it in several villages in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
“After the sudden death of our candidate Maheh Don, as usual, the Election Commission will announce the date of the election in this constituency, but the UDP Sohiong Circle has sent a letter. “I have written and proposed the name of Shynshar Lyngdoh, the brother of Maheh Don,” he said.
Just a few ways Jesus showed up.
What happened once in Israel was that there was oppression of the poor.
He said that the fire extinguishing happens many times a day because of the need to repair the damage, the need to repair from time to time and this has led to the extinguishing of fires more and more especially in the rural areas.
Batesi TV reporter Samla Basan Lyngdoh Nonglait scored the first goal in Kyllastep.
In the 2018-19 election, some foreign dew factories have donated up to Rs 4.22 crore to the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Therefore, the union has submitted a memorandum to demand that the state government should cancel the interview for government jobs.
You can audition at Jowai, Khliehriat on 24th and 25th March
“They (traders) said four days.
“But the police will not forgive but will act according to the law against those involved in this drug trafficking,” he added.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed all the Waheh Shnongs to submit their reports to his office within 20 days so that the office can submit the report along with the names of the villages to the NGT Committee. do the job as instructed above.
The failure to send the UCs also shows that the authorities have not explained how the money has been spent over the years.
However, that statement is wrong because the unity is not in the flag we have but in our minds.
SANA reported that Syrian troops have advanced to the country to fight against the Turkish invasion.
The meeting was conducted by Karlik Siangshai, Chairman of the Golden Jubilee Celebration. Before the opening ceremony, Waheh Shnong DS War said that Namdong-B has turned 52 years old. However, due to the outbreak of Covid-19, the village has not been able to hold it in the past years but as a sign of respect it has been held this year
The 62 weeks are 434 years.
As soon as they arrived at Lydia's house Hep called out her name.
The judgment, by retired UN Kirubakaran and Justice B Pugalendhi, said that in this country, it is believed that only Sanskrit is understood by God.
A penalty shootout was held to decide the winner and Lawmali scored 4-1 to beat Smit and reach the final.
Shillong, June 01: Twenty-five families from Lawbyrwa Village, Ri-bhoi District, have demanded that the Syiem of Raid Mawbuh should divide the village and appoint a new Rangbah Shnong for the residents of Lawbyrwa. Rijied Kharkrang is new.
This year's Carol was more special because in the midst of the march in the streets with songs and prayers that the coming of the incarnation of Jesus Christ in the form of the child Jesus, will bring. peace, happiness and prosperity and especially that the faith as Christian children will become stronger and stronger.
After the British Government moved its administrative headquarters from Sohra (Cherrapunji) to Shillong in 1863, some of the British officers first founded the Shillong Club in
There are also banks that are open on this day.
“About 97 percent of the liquor shops in the state have been closed down,” he said.
The relationship between parent and child is very different from other relationships in the family.
This will destroy the germs in them.10.
But no.
However, the CEM of KHADC did not promise when he will resolve these shortcomings but said that he will convene a meeting of the Executive Committee to discuss this.
Most of the viewers are from Meghalaya, although there are also from the USA, UK, Italy, Germany and others.
The training lasts between 4 and 6 months and the officers said that the youths who are able to endure the hardships and understand the hardships of their parents and family, most of them complete the training. training and have been able to work in different parts of India.
Shynrai is not used by everyone.
After visiting the Raid Nongtung shrine in Ummat village, the CEM's team also held a meeting at Mawlasnai village to meet with the village leaders to discuss the situation and the problem. Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the government will soon resume the second demarcation process including Block II. He said that the purpose of the Council's visit to the area is to see and know the land especially to visit a place of worship of the 12 kurs of the Raid Nongtung which has been established since ancient times. The District Council is responsible for the land and customs which is also a place that is still being preserved. At the same time, he said that the Council will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. allocate funds for the construction of buildings in the area to preserve so that the ritual in the area will remain from generation to generation.
Regarding the formation of the government, Bah Methodius said that as a member of the party, he will see together what it will decide.
“Parliament is a platform to raise issues and express them to the public, as in the media, and we will continue to raise them,” O'Brien said. Such matters shall be discussed during the session of Parliament.
This has led to the loss of land to Assam according to the final give and take agreement signed by the Chief Ministers of Assam. and Meghalaya.
“The people of Meghalaya want to know what they have done in the last five years,” Supriya said in an interview with the media, commenting on the Manifesto released by BJP National President JP. Let’s go.
It is really nice to find such posts on social media instead of just writing unnecessary things.
Another rule is that a member of that community does not identify himself or herself with that community.
The Minister also expressed the hope that the athletes who have been trained will be able to compete abroad and even in the Olympics within three years.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Reninton L.Tongkhar, who claimed to be a friend of Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that after the foundation stone laying ceremony, he would like to see the opening ceremony. The scheme will be inaugurated by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, who is currently the MLA of Nongpoh.
The suggestion to increase the number of MLAs from 60 to 70 and the number of MPs to the Lok Sabha from 2 to 4 is reasonable and appropriate. Garo Hills with 24 MLAs and Khasi Jaintia Hills with 36 MLAs and each Lok Sabha seat will have 12 MLAs according to the current number of MLAs. They have not been elected to the MLA constituency.
Isaiah 1:19–20.
After the second half, both the teams didn't sting to try their golden chances, but they couldn't succeed as both the goalkeepers had try hard to avoid being caught.
The group of religious leaders took this decision at a meeting at Umshyrpi College under the leadership of Bishop Purely Lyngdoh.
Tell us about science in today's world. If you don't like it, explain it in a few lines.
Many allegations have been raised against the appointment of teachers and the case has been handed over to the CBI for further investigation.
Many churches themselves show that the struggle will be beautiful.
Grace, although she contested as an independent candidate, came second after her son Dr. Donkupar Roy won the mid-term elections. Shillong, Jn 04: The President of the Khasi Jaintia Union (KJNU) Bah Niman Shadap on Friday apologized to the President of the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF). u Bah Dapoiwanmi Laloo on the incident in 2021 after members of the KJNU seized trucks allegedly carrying smuggled cows.
“Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. For you died, and your life is hid with Christ in us, who is our life. appear with Him in glory.
However, we don't have the right to judge, to judge, to judge in different ways, to judge or even to judge what we should do or what we shouldn't do.
If we look at this, it is clear that the employment gap in the state has been too high because the elders during the time of the new state have overly oppressed the Garo by allowing them to that they have taken advantage of this opportunity.
Shillong, July 23: The opposition has rejected the report submitted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade and Industry (MoPC) today, saying that the election of Syiem in Malaisoh mat is against the customs and traditions of our ancestors. The EM i/c Elaka and the election of the Syiem of KHADC in Malaisohmat have been conducted through the EC led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. The ARPA has shown that it is in the majority and the work will go smoothly.
The main demands of the teachers are to provide them with a pension benefits scheme, monthly salary instead of once every 3/4 months, benefits like ACPS. All these have been recommended by the Megh Fifth Pay Commission and approved by the Cabinet for implementation. The government has been implementing the deficit since 2018, but until now, the government has implemented only the salary increase without implementing any other benefits according to the approval of the 5th Pay Commission.
The binding of Satan is a sign in heaven and on earth that Jesus Christ is indeed King of kings and Lord of lords. Lord of lords.
Soren, who is the leader of the JMM, has strongly criticized the BJP for conspiring against his government.
The voices of Ophilia Kharlukhi and Salchame S Sangma from Meghalaya entertained the audience.
Khliehriat Lber 5: U Woh Tep Kyndait, one of the strongest men of Jaintia Hills, from Tuber Kmaishnong, has been fighting against the Syiem of Jaintia Hills, Amratap Singh. All the children of the people of the country were converted to Hinduism.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has distributed a donation to 6 ASHAs at Darrang Sub Centre. A short meeting was held at Darrang in the presence of the Doctor incharge of Dawki PHC who encouraged the ASHA workers in the presence of the village leaders of Darrang.
“My goal is for the development of Tura and I see that in the past year, the state government, under the leadership of Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister, has done a very good job. .
I ask for your permission.
“The head of the company has promised to give us a reply after the meeting on the 19th of this month,” said KSU Nongtrai General Secretary Trulywell Lyngdoh.
“As the Dorbar Shnong, we would like to thank Kong Grace M Kharpuri not only for these items, but for her willingness from time to time to cooperate with the Shnong in many ways” , said Bah T Marbaniang, Head of Village.
Similarly, Christian extremist groups in America want to make America a great Christian country.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 4,430 and the death toll has risen to
Jowai, July 9: Two HN LC suspects have been arrested by the police, but journalists are still receiving information from reliable sources.
Others who witnessed the ceremony were Chairman Hospital Governing Board Rev. SS Majaw, Hospital Chaplain Rev. George W. Chen, Medical Superintendent Dr. R Nongrum and others.
The Scheduled Tribe Morcha of the BJP, Meghalaya Pradesh, was launched on 31st July 2024 at the party office at Bivar Road.
Regarding Bah Sanjied as a candidate from Nongstoin, he said, “The party itself feels that this young man has more right to contest from the party, because for decades he has been fighting for the party. He and his family were already in the party under the leadership of his father, Bah Barly Thabah.
On 9th July, 2023, the Minister will conduct a review meeting on various schemes of the Government of India at Ampati, South West Garo Hills in the presence of government officials and stakeholders.
As a sign of encouragement for their good deeds, the police awarded them with a certificate recognizing their good work along with chairs and other equipment for their use.
We don't know what Assam will do to these people, but the responsibility for this is not with the present government, but if other corruption cases are committed, it can be stopped until these days. , therefore, the investigation to find out who is involved in these illegal settlements, should go on this issue as well.
The Rangbah Kur Shangpliang who attended the meeting were also directed to take action to hold meetings in their respective areas and to elect office bearers.
He said that the problem is for those patients who come from the rural areas near Shangpung and have to walk a long distance to reach the CHC Shangpung. The CHC cannot provide treatment so they can go to other more distant hospitals like Jowai and Shillong, he said.
Shillong, March 11 : Meghalaya lost by 28 runs to Hyderabad in the opening match of the Senior Women's T20 Trophy in Bangalore today.
Sharing of resources, services and rights: The bill also introduces provisions for the sharing of resources between broadcasting operators.
Parents and even the children themselves have suffered from the unexpected failure of the Mid-Year Examination
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The District Medical and Health Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh has confirmed that there are six cases of malaria in the country. Dengue fever.
He said that the release of trucks to pass through at night has caused problems to the people who come and go.
In July this year, the State won the second prize at the One District One Product (ODOP) Awards held at the Aatma Nirbhar Bharat Utsav 2024 in New Delhi.
Leaders and supporters of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who spoke at the meeting of office bearers from various units and circles of the PDF Zonal Committee Mawkynrew Constituency on 04th June, 2023 at Thangsning said that they are not happy. They allow those from outside the constituency to come and accuse their MLA without any grounds.
He said that Jaintia Hills as a whole is rich in mineral resources, tourism attractions, factories, etc. hope to revive and revive this council.
All these ceremonies were attended by the Khyndai Waheh of the Raij.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84080 out of which 82352 have recovered and 1465 have died.
Police sources said that the missing person is a resident of Lummawbah, Shillong and an FIR was lodged on Thursday.
Regarding the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) or TMC, if Dr Mukul Sangma returns as Chief Minister of the state, it will put the state at risk from the infiltration of Bangladeshis.
The One Stop Center is a scheme funded by the Central Government through the Ministry of Women and Child Development (MWCD).
College will play against Jowai District Presbyterian Sec School, Ïalong at 9.30 pm.
He said that regarding the condemnation of the Garo Sengbhalang who have condemned Bah Arden regarding the job allocation which he has brought into the House, because the opinion of the Garo people is always right. only for their own benefit, without thinking of the state as a whole.
The asteroid, the size of the Empire State Building, will pass through Earth next month.
He said that the Minister of the department has taken care of this issue as it is an expensive area which falls under his responsibility.
The robber in the streets and highways robs the rich, but the robber robs the poor.
Let your requests be made known to God.
In this regard, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate those organizers, speakers and singers who have spoken about the Hynniewtrep people exactly without speaking to foreigners and for foreigners.
The union also demands that the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District should take action to investigate thoroughly as the human rights of this family have been violated.
The departure of Anthony Kongwan from the NPP has shocked Prestone Tynsong who is ready to contest again in the 2023 elections.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) of Sawsymper Circle last month expressed its dissatisfaction with the Government's decision to upgrade the Sawsymper Sub Center to a PHC. On this occasion, the President of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle, Samla Runningstar Kharbani said that the people of the area have long wanted to get their own Primary Health. Center (PHC).
Bangladeshi officials have confessed that they entered India with the intention of going to Kashmir to work and look for work.
Therefore, the government should turn to the rural health centers and also to recruit more those nurses who have completed their training and who stay at home every day because they don't have a job.
These houseplants you can keep in your home such as aloe vera are also the ones that can provide relief if you are experiencing dryness.
“On our part as the Shnong, we would like to express our gratitude and congratulations to Bah Pyniaid for his encouragement and cooperation from time to time,” he said.
WA Sangma continued until 1988 when PA Sangma Congress and Bah DD Lapang came, then in 1993-98, Salseng Marak.
Each of these units can produce 1 lakh dfls per annum and can employ about 300 farmers.
This teacher training has been very beneficial for empowering schools during the lockdown and during the transition to digital transformation.
Shillong, November 20: The Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, has urged the people of the state not to be afraid of the 12 hour curfew called by the HNLC on Monday.
Many of the land dealers in Shillong are members of the Association, and this group has opposed the proposal of the State Government to implement the Act until they have filed a PIL. After the conclusion of the case on 24th July, the High Court in an order issued on 16th July has directed the State Government to take action on the issue. street vendors who sit on the sidewalks and disrupt the movement of the public in a restricted manner.
Shillong, July 9: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) is pleased to learn and see in the media that the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District Under the leadership of the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Aldous Mawlong (IAS), the IAS has taken steps to implement the provisions of the Inter-State Migrant Workers Act, Work permit for foreign workers in Meghalaya.
Members of the Garo Students Union (GSU), A'chik Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO) and the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) were also present.
This is a well thought out decision, and through this, the Assam Rifles has seized a large amount of drugs worth about T.40 crore last year.
Sardar Vallabhai Patel, Deputy Prime Minister of India and Minister in-charge of the Ministry of States, arrived in Shillong on 2 January
The lack of knowledge of reading Hindi and Devnagri has greatly affected our educational heritage in the past years. and our Indian identity or uniqueness.
They were identified as Cherak R. Marak and Tengsuang S. Sangma, residents of Gongadamal, Tura and Balsri Ading, Williamnagar.
Over four hundred years ago, the Bible was opened to the common people to read the Bible in a language they understood and understood; thus the Bible spoke to the masses and spoke for the common people, the poor, the farmers, the shepherds, and the mystics.
Only God the Father knows.
He said that the area is located on the top of a hill and at the bottom of the area there are rice fields and the Mynkrem River will be the most affected and this river will flow into parts of the Myntdu River.
It is the sale and purchase of our natural resources that will lead to the emergence of companies like titles.
Kong Lyngdoh said that she should not say that she doesn't know anything when they have any vision or testimony against them with unfounded documents. In Laitumkhrah, there is no dispute. This land belongs to the Municipal Board.
Regarding this, the officer said that he will forward the letter to the higher authorities, as he cannot explain anything because it is not in the authority of the police. he.
Look at the example of the leaders of Mizoram, they are not afraid to come out for the sake of the people, but these of us are only in the media to claim to be patriotic, while the work of they are markhongpong with the language they speak.
They also demanded that the government should improve the payment of wages because in Sohra they pay wages on the market day but some employers do not pay on time until the employees have nothing to buy.
According to a statement from the DSO of EKH, Bah O. Mawthoh, the tournament will be held for Under-14, Under-17 (Boys) and Under-17 (Girls).
He said it is surprising that the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, which has never contributed to the society, has come to fight to take away the ownership of the Mawjymbuin Krem from the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong. from ancient times until now.
The Railways came in second.
Small diseases are not mentioned in the Scriptures.
Although in the past few days, there has been talk from the state government officials that they will start implementing the Entry Point and also to complete it within 60 days, but these leaders of the four organizations, have expressed their understanding. If the government cannot complete within these days, it will not allow these groups to do their own thing, that is, to search for the people who come from abroad.
And within these 30 days is still the time of the Great Tribulation that God will also complete the remaining daily works from the time Jesus went to Edom until the completion of the 7 days. the bowl of God's wrath which is the time of God's Final Wrath against the devil and Satan (Lucifer).
Why would he lack Council Funds? The lack of income through royalties, sale of goods, licenses, fees and fines or penalties, because the MDCs of JHADC do not accept the knowledge to find opportunities to raise funds to use the council's resources to generate revenue and thus cause harm to the council.
There are 36 villages in these seven areas, of which 30 are in Meghalaya and seven are in Assam, according to the soskular.
Police found that the management team did not have the necessary documents to prove that their work was recognized by law.
The closure of the bridge in Umiam, has been going on for more than two months, as it is still under repair, which has been taken over by ITC Cementation India Ltd. It takes about 3 to 4 months.
Umiam's 10 goals have brought the team closer to the final of the tournament but they will have to fight again in the second leg of the semi final. the team with the most goals will advance to the final.
“We have only one Community Health Center which serves all the people of Resubelpara and the surrounding villages when they are sick.
We understand that the villages, especially in the suburbs, have increased.
He said that they also discussed the Asian Development Bank (ADB) which has allocated thousands of crores of rupees to some departments of Meghalaya. The ADB has not been able to implement the projects with companies outside Meghalaya.
He said that it is due to the many shortcomings in the state that the youth leave the state in search of jobs abroad.
The Minister said that Meghalaya is also one of the states which has fully implemented the MGNREGS, Jal Jeevan Mission and PMGSY schemes. he added.
After this, a complaint was lodged against the suspect.
The incident happened at 8 pm when a truck (UP 51 AT 2949) was coming from Jowai to Guwahati via the By-pass. it has razed these stores.
He said that the lack of institutional quarantine centers, the lack of Corona Care Centers and the staying at home is suspected to be the reason for the spread of the disease in the state.
Shillong: The Opposition Leader of the Meghalaya Government, Mukul Sangma today slammed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma for saying that there is no coal smuggling in the state.
Yesterday, the robbers phoned the neighbors of the youth and demanded Rs 2 lakh from his father.
Jonathon Major of BAD said it is surprising that 72% of people surveyed said they have experienced sunburn in the past years and this shows that they do not understand. and they do not know the signs and symptoms of the onset of this disease.
Kathmandu: The Government of Nepal today introduced a bill to amend the Constitution of Nepal to amend the map of the country, which includes parts of India. .
Therefore, due to the collapse of these 750 mm dia pipelines, there will be no water supply until the evening of Friday 16th of this month,
Alcohol, they say, is destructive not only to the health of the person but also to the family and society.
Two of the deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills and two from South Garo Hills.
As the days go by, people keep trying to get better food in order to build a better body.
The NCERT took this decision at its meeting today and approved to replace the subject 'Classical History' with 'Ancient History'
He also encouraged the youth to continue to celebrate Har Ghar Tiranga in the coming years.
The Euphrates River has flooded as it is now from the news of the world.
Diseases affecting the blood vessels including heart attacks, strokes, diseases affecting the blood vessels are among the most common diseases affecting this organ.
'Lilith' is the Sumerian word, which means female demon of the night.
The tournament has been held at three venues including SAI, STC, NEHU, MFA Ground and Mawlai Headquarters.
During the inspection, the union found that these buildings of the District Council have not been completed and have remained empty.
Richard said the BJP has more than 9 crore members, which means that the party is larger than the Communist Party in the country. China, the largest political party with a population of 8.6 billion members.
Keshav Mahanta, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, has made it clear that the state will not go into a lockdown.
He also informed that the Admit Cards will reach the students of the State on the morning of 14th July, 2023 to take the CUET examination on the 16th July, request them to prepare the necessary to travel to the examination centers and to find accommodation in the States where they have to write the examination.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 20: In preparation for the 2nd Anniversary of the party and also to save the lives of many who need years of illness, the VPP Ri Bhoi District today held a The blood donation ceremony was also held at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh.
She also urged those involved not to do such things but to meet the owners of the newspaper vehicle in a polite manner with a cool head and to resolve the issues, if they have, in a polite way, an understanding and on the right track.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, said that these sumos were arrested this month after they violated the law by carrying passengers on the roof of the vehicle.
Liam doesn't have any regrets about rejecting the film and says he did it for the good of the family.
The Working President of the CoRP, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, said that only Dr. Ayush has been sent to the hospital to provide medicine. Poor families suffer because they cannot afford to go to other hospitals for treatment.
He added that in any goal they fight there will always be those who lose and those who win, but through this he encouraged and encouraged the winners to continue and the losers not to give up. but to strive to reap the fruits of victory.
The program was conducted by Samla Senorita Wanlah who is also the NYV of Mawlai Block.
The Minister was scheduled to inaugurate the T.21.43 crore power plant at 10:30 am at Lakroh, but after a long wait the weather did not allow and he left, the report said.
Teachers cannot be expected to take classes from their own homes or from the streets.
“The visit to Garo Hills will be to meet with the party leaders to strengthen the party,” said a UDP source. Besides Dr Don, other senior party leaders will also visit.
The court will hear the case again on June 22,
Most of the MLAs who will leave the party before the 2018 elections will join the NPP led by MP from Tura Parliamentary constituency Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, July 18: A tragic incident has happened to a family when a truck driven by a father collided with a truck and hit his son and he died on the spot. On the 16th of this month, a truck (ML-10-5349) driven by Olin K Syiemiong collided with his son Luckystar Nongsiej while he was playing. Shillong, July 18: The Meghalaya government has set up a committee to find a lamphang and members of the Lokayukta. GP Wahlang, IAS Retd., will be the head of the committee and the members are BB Dutta, LM Sangma, Theilin Phanbuh and SG Momin.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) (RDA) candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin, who will contest the Lok Sabha MP elections on the 19th of this month, has urged the people to elect their leader responsibly. and a vision for the future of the country and the nation.
The Jowai Municipal Board in collaboration with the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a training for school children to keep the city clean and tidy.
Therefore, she urged that the spirit of brotherhood should be continued in the days and times to come.
Shillong, July 22: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) today released the results of the II Year B.Com (Honours) and II Year B Com (Pass) examinations.
There are also those who have left their vehicles without permission to drive their vehicles today. Some people have appreciated the hard work of the State Government to curb the spread of Covid-1
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has strongly warned Gopal Dey and the Coordination and Welfare Committee headed by him as president not to accuse the KSU members of killing two foreigners in Ichamati.
The target of the program is to extend the benefits to all 4.5 lakh rural households in the state.
India captain Sunil Chhetri today announced that he has tested positive for covid-1
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed two new cases of COVID-19 in Khliehriat East and West. , Sookilo or have a meeting with some people from these villages.
Marbiangbor Nongsiej Lecturer of Rilyngngam College was the chief guest in the presence of Bah RS Sohlang Sordar of Markasa, Bah MH Thabah, teachers and others. the prize to the winners.
The meeting was also attended by the Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, as the chief guest, Bah John F Kharshiing. Olympic Association, u  Shivnash Aswathi (IAS) Director Sports & Youth Affairs.
Members of Salonsar Club and Mawlangwir Sports Club also received support.
Shillong: There have been 95 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
They said that not only the school children are facing problems on the road, but also the residents of the village and those who use the road, are facing the same problem.
Some of the youths who have come forward to announce their candidacy for the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections, are Bah Anthony Kongwang of the United Democratic Party (UDP). Edmund Khongngai, former leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) who led the Riwar Circle, will contest from the party. The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has announced that it will contest from the BJP in the upcoming elections. 2023.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Mukul said that the power of public administration lies with the people and we all know who forms the government and who elects the MLAs and All this power to decide belongs to the people which will restore good governance.
Mynthong has 13 points and Khimusniang has 7 points.
A short speech was also delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah Sohliya who gave his congratulations and blessings to all the 216 boys and girls and the Coaches & Managers of the District. fighting with a strong hope of victory.
In the past few months, the leaders of these two Raids and the Riew Rangbah have come to inspect the work on the grounds that the contractor has not completed it properly. He also expressed his concern that due to the suspension of the construction without supervisors, many robbers have turned this place into a place to commit crimes.
Shillong: U Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA from Sohra Constituency and Chairman of the KVIC, on Tuesday said that the plan to improve the road from Umtyngngar to Sohra is still in the works. a way to get funding for implementation.
Sniawbhalang on Friday inspected the Shillong District Jail to see its condition.
They also said in front of the KSU leaders that there are some people who are angry with the signboard of Assam, there are people who don't know where they come from. The Assam Government has now searched for the village leaders of Umsaw Lumdorbar who have been forced to sit in silence.
Shillong, July 3: The National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) today strongly criticized the state police for its stingy treatment of girls in connection with the incident of rape of two girls. A girl has been raped by a Sub-Inspector in Ampati, the constituency of the Chief Minister.
Kharkongor said that during this festival, the government will give special recognition to six villages in the state which are still preserving their culture through their unique talents.
The Union Minister said that plastic does not rot, which leads to various diseases and problems.
Kong Kharnaior, who is from Nongmensong, said that the government has set a deadline for them to complete the payment within five years and after that, they will be able to work as their own household.
In the petition, it was stated that the issue should not be viewed only from the political point of view and the party agreement.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District (SWKHD) led by Bah P Thongni, Chief Organizing Secretary and Borbanjop Wahlang, Publicity and Information Secretary of the FKJGP. The ADM of the District, R Iangrai, to inquire into the implementation of many government schemes by the Deputy Commissioner's Office in the District.
The case has been registered under sections 124 (a) and 506 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and is pending in the Additional Deputy Commissioner's Court in Williamnagar.
The Land of Israel since 1948 AD God has fulfilled His promise to the Israelites – I will plant you in your own land.
Because of this, there will be more and more people who will walk without God.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District has once again reminded the dealers to inform the ration consumers (household heads and members) under the NFSA (AAY & PHH) scheme. Those who do not have Aadhaar cannot register for Aadhaar.
He said he had seen the posts on social media of the opposition, but it would be clarified in these days so that they could understand better.
When the BSF stopped him, he expressed his displeasure with the incident and took it as an affront to his personal dignity as he is not a veterinary doctor in the area.
In this budget, it has been decided to allocate T.3,68,676.7 crore for urea subsidy for three years (2022-23 to 2024-25).
Besides the KSU and HNYF, the FKJGP and the HYC also came out to support the protest to end the trade with Bangladesh.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women, (MSC) has informed the public that those who have been summoned to appear on the 16th and 23rd of November 2020, will be able to appear in the state. assume that it has been postponed for these two days, until further notice.
They shall be fruitful and multiply" Jeremiah 23:3
It was during his tenure as MLA that he was able to establish an SSA School in Moolber.
Girls HS School.
In the 1st Division, Sohryngkham beat Wahingdoh 1-0
Therefore, as the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Roasahep Patil Danve, he encouraged the officers of Ri Bhoi District to continue to work better, because if we can really implement the development projects as allocated by the Union Government, The District, the State and the country will continue to develop in all aspects, he added.
The hard work of the government is continuing to improve the quality of schools," he said.
Children in all schools have been trained to become journalists to educate the community from children to adults to be clean at home as well as outside.
“There is no talk of campaigning for the NCP, although I have met them only on the street,” he said.
However, the surprising thing is that K Chyrmang does not even own a pharmacy, but used a fake cash memo with license number JH/395-396-397 belonging to N Khonglah.
Those who were honored on the occasion include Banshan Tariang, Palaiman Sten, Affidavit Patlong, Ribait Phawa, Cherity Suja, Livingson Rymbai, Rimiki Dhar, Heiyobiangki Kya and Sneiñbha Suchiang.
The North Shillong Constituency is the brain of the state and the people know that.
He also urged the youth to continue to work hard in any field of education and the organization gives its right hand to the youth in need.
Police said Hoque has been arrested several times before and there are several complaints against him at Tura Police Station.
“The party has discussed the preparations and arrangements for the visit of President Amit Shah to the city on the 28th of this month,” said Bah Khongwir.
He did not try to steal, loot, extort taxes and waste the wealth of the Hima in his immoral and charitable deeds.
However, unfortunately, this year, the department has not been able to provide financial assistance to these traditional music schools as the government has cut the budget of T.15 crore.
Among others who are prominent and likely to be removed, they will also include Kerala Governor Sheila Dikshit, former Delhi Chief Minister.
The last dorbar bah was held at Nongdom Parïong in 2019 and due to the outbreak of Covid 19, from 2020 to 2022 the dorbar bah could not be held.
In Gujarat, there has been a stir over the release of the film Padmaavat.
“While the police are doing their duty against drugs, we need to sympathize with those 40,500 youths who have fallen victim to drugs and encourage them to get rid of this evil, so that that they can reintegrate into society,” he said.
We urge our people in War, Lum and Thor to grow more crops, besides rice, so that we will not fall into such a disaster.
It should invite all the various groups to the table to hold talks so that peace can be restored once again in Manipur.
The decision of HANM to sit in front of the court is a sign of protest against the sudden coal mining in the state.
Furthermore, the order stated that the flyover which is in the first package to be constructed from Jhalupara has been approved by the state government regarding the renovation of some parts.
In this regard, the Garo Baptist Convention urges the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya to consider this demand which is for the benefit and blessing of the people and the state as a whole.
“Those involved in spreading false news and misleading information to the public should be punished according to the rules of law. the citizens of the state,” said Bah Embhahlang.
The Department of Agriculture in collaboration with Namdong B Village conducted a training and distributed seeds to the villagers on Friday.
They were taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
He said that the Muslims of the country should understand that they are being used by political parties only for political gain and not that they really want to bring about their development.
We congratulate and congratulate the Jal Jeevan Meghalaya team as we continue to achieve 100% household water supply in the State”.
She was taken to Shillong by taking money from friends and relatives.
Conrad has asked his colleagues for a few days to consider the matter as they have not accepted the Indian government's proposal to pass the Bill.
In his speech, Bah Mawrie said that the NPP cannot interfere with the work of the BJP. Sanbor said that Conrad has the right to say that because from the beginning, BJP leaders from the Central Government have said that the BJP in Meghalaya should support and cooperate with the MDA coalition government led by Conrad K Sangma.
Pastor Iarington also had a patriotic spirit and dedicated himself for the good of the Khasi people.
Boro Kacharis (inserted by Act 43 of 1987, s.2 (w.
Regarding the expenditure of T.816 crore, it has not gone to the DHS. He said that regarding those who have applied for Right To Information (RTI), many have already applied and the DHS has already applied. she gave all the information on this.
And by him to reconcile these things to himself, having made peace through the blood of his cross.
Shillong, Lber 7: The East Khasi Hills Police under the leadership of Bah M.Khar Krang, Superintendent of Police, today held a surprise program at the Police Officer's Mess, Police Reserve.
The Sordar demanded that the KHADC should not make Majai an Elaka.
He therefore congratulated the organization and the children who have taken part in this tournament so that they can develop their talents through hard work because in such times they Sports is no longer just a hobby as in the past but it is also a way to get jobs and also to avoid many bad habits.
Don’t forget that husbands want attention and good listeners, never be too busy for him.
They also demanded the implementation of financial support to ensure adequate implementation.
One of the quotations that doesn't make sense is "I have a dream"
In just five months, the election of the Syiem to the Legislative Assembly of the State has approached.
He said that the implementation of hundreds of projects is already underway.
Therefore, Fair Price Shop Dealers are directed to obtain permits from the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) Office and to complete the distribution of rice by 10th November, 2023, without delay, using e-Pos. machine from online fashion.
At the meeting, he said that there are 92 crore Indians who have received Aadhar number.
Kynmoo I honor Wei in the name of the village and thank you for bringing the cleanliness of Yawmusiang.
During this visit, the students learned about traditional farming methods, ancient knowledge and listened to encouraging stories from the farmers.
“The students under the leadership of Dr. Vikramjit Kakati have followed the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Government of India (New Delhi) in the construction of this gas cylinder.
Jowai, Nailar 08: The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
“The incident may have happened at night,” said a source from the area and no one was injured in the incident.
A case has been registered at Mairang Police Station under Case No.23(11)2018 U/S 302 IPC. The shot on operation of the police today has been able to bring a fair trial and convict the robber involved.
When asked when the Town Vending Committee was established for Shillong, he replied that the Town Vending Committee was established on 13th March, 2022 according to Notification No.UAU.5/2017/Pt.
It is clear that if we delay in taking tikka, we will remain in lockdown.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in a statement said that the party will not rest and will continue to hold rallies against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA).
The places where horns have been banned include Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital, Jaiaw, Military Hospital Shillong, Children's Hospital Pohkseh, Rynjah Dispensary, Arbuthnot Road Nazareth Hospital, Bethany Hospital, Civil Hospital Shillong, Raj Bhavan, Meghalaya High Court, CM Bungalow, Oakland, Meghalaya Secretariat, Additional Secretariat and Orchid Resort Complex, Ri Bhoi.
At this meeting, the party organization of the Block in Mawthadraishan was explained in detail before the MLA election. all the past steps have been good or bad, but now it is time to think again and decide to stand together and rebuild this house which has begun to collapse.
Nongpoh: Last month, when the leaders and members of the RBYF, went to clean up the polluted parts of the Wah Umran, it was seen that the Wah Umran, has been polluted. There are parts of the river that have been filled with garbage, which has become exactly like the garbage in the Umkhrah River in Shillong.
Garo Hills will never forget the incident on 30th November, when nine lives were lost.
Speaking on the Omicron variant, Sangma said, “Any situation we can take sting in it we need to think carefully and we need to take action to get vaccinated and follow the precautionary measures issued. by the Ministry of Health".
Metbah Lyngdoh also declined to comment on the VPP's demand to review the employment quota in the state. issues raised by other parties, but he is very concerned about issues raised by his own party.
She works as a data entry operator in the Block Development Office of the Meghalaya Government.
A neighbor who tried to help them was also shot dead.
– HT WellsShillong, Jymmang 09 : With the passing of the days, the BJP is trying to stir up its Hindutva flag.
The High Priest of the Nonglyngkien Kur Lyngdoh prayed to God to bring back these Mawtheng and Mawthung.
The main objective of the Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is the goal of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who launched the Vikasit Bharat, to bring about change in the country. country.
The Chief Guest also spoke about the life of Tirot Singh.
Treasurer-Kong OB Dance.
However, we have to put conditions on that because we have to think about the welfare of all.
I am pleased to say that if we want not to stop the future of children only in our villages and areas and if the Khasi society has to move forward with respect for our own language, schools must to encourage the combined use of Khasi and English in their extra-curricular activities.
Speaking at the meeting, Prestone Tynsong said that after a thorough discussion with the MLA of the area, Bah Mayral Born Syiem and also the petition of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtluh, While traveling through the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur (NUS) road, he saw that the Umden area is like a Dabor and a central place because from Mawhati-Umtrai there is a road to Umden to reach the people. From Nongpoh to Umden is about 20 km and from Umden to Marmaiñ is about 11 km and from Marmaiñ to Byrnihat is about 30 km. the streets of Umden shall be like a dabor and a middle place.
Ardent said that the rich man should explain through the media whether it is a donation or a purchase for votes.
The ceremony resumes in the evening.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 25: The District Sports Officer West Khasi Hills District, in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner's Office, today celebrated the National Sports Day Nongstoiñ West Khasi Hills District, with a strong spirit and witnessed the participation of many sports enthusiasts including children to youth.
Sambormi Lyngdoh said, “The demand of the party to include Jaintia Hills in the anthem is not only because of the language but first of all because of the culture and traditions of Jaintia Hills, because Jaintia Hills already has its own The history of Jaintia Hills since hundreds of years ago and the culture here is also rich and diverse but this government has forgotten” “Our demand to include Jaintia Hills in the anthem is also a shi If English can become the official language of the three major tribes (Khasi, Jaintia and Garo), why should Jaintia, which has its own history, become the official language? Even when the French came to invade our country, Jaintia Hills did not have its own religion and customs that had been taught since ancient times.
The counterfeiter, Lalnunpoii, from Kolasib, Mizoram and resident of Dabri Delhi, offered a woman from Garo Hills $5 million worth of money to work on development projects. It is on the basis of this proposal that she has stolen T.73 lakh from the woman from Songsak.
A woman from Mizoram, along with a man, had brought the money to Guwahati, but they seized the vehicle and took the money.
This jhur ukot contains about 96 percent water, so it appears that it can relieve the body of dehydration and improve health in many ways.
The funeral service for Rev Presley Mawnai will be held on the 7th October at 12:30 pm at the Umran Dairy Presbyterian Church.
Four persons have been arrested from Sookilo on suspicion of being the smugglers of these explosives.
Rapsang said that the reason for the suspension of the work is on the grounds that the PHE department has not paid the compensation to Bah K.Rapsang who is the owner of the land.
MLA of Ribhoi did not spend.
They must also attach photographs of EPIC, Residential Certificate, Schedule Tribes (ST) Certificate and attach a Court Fee Stamp of T.25 on the top of the application along with the list of The Vigilance Committee for the year 2021 shall be elected by the Dorbar Shnong through the Executive Committee.
He said that the Jaintia Hills Development Society, Jowai Diocese has been willing to donate tin sopiing, which is a great blessing in which the families will be able to repair their homes which have been affected by the floods. this is the lanot shot cold.
Although the youth have the talent to play sports, many of them end up in their own state because they don't have the opportunity to reach other levels because the government doesn't recognize them to help develop them. Their role is to reach other higher levels such as national and even international tournaments.
He said that there will be other programs for entrepreneurs, musicians, actors and filmmakers to showcase their work and achievements so that other youth can get just soul.
Demanding a better place to live, Gurjit said the Harijans demand justice and not mercy from the government.
On the same day, the Minister will also inaugurate the one-day Regional Conference on Child Adoption with the participation of the North Eastern States on Child Adoption to be held at the State Convention Centre. 9 am in the morning.
In the U-21 men's category, H Lalrin Zuala of Mizoram won the Golden Glove, Jo Seph Lalven Hima of Mizoram won the Golden Boot and Figo Syndai of Meghalaya won the Player of the Tournament.
He said that at the time of the introduction of the Citizen Amendment Bill in Parliament, he was not even an MP. It was brought back on 9th November 2019 and was passed on 10th November 2019 and at that time the MP Rajya Sabha was Wansuk Syiem.
The 50th death anniversary of Myllung Soso Tham in Sohra was commemorated at a public square in his hometown of Saisohpen.
Why do I say this, because for more than 50 years we have gained independence as Indians, not as Khasi, we should have various development opportunities like industries, medical or engineering colleges, agricultural colleges and many others, there should also be railways, airlines and so on in order to develop along with other parts of India.
Resubelpara, June 09 : The All India Trinamool Congress Committee (ANC) on Saturday left for Resubelpara, North Garo Hills to form the Resubelpara Block Committee.
The contest from Tura will be between Agatha K Sangma and Mukul Sangma, the Congress candidate.
Therefore, it is necessary to understand that mental illness is one of the symptoms of mental illness which a person should not just listen to.
Speaking on the 'No Tobacco Campaign' which is a campaign by students against drinking and smoking, Bah Metbah expressed his concern over the spending of illegal activities among the youth of the state including drinking alcohol. drugs, child marriage and so on and urged the teachers and students of the area to become ambassadors to work hard to help eradicate such evils from the district and the state as a whole. other.
He said that the past has changed from the present because in the past people looked at the manifesto but now the election process is not the same as before. the houses are just as if they are moving to show strength.
The All Jaintia Tourist and Commercial Vehicle Association (AJTCVA) has announced that FASTag will be introduced from the 15th of this month. Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM), MPUF, MPLU, FKJGP, KSU and others.
In fact, there is no ban on quarrying, but those who do this work, have to get permission and follow the rules and regulations, according to the decision of the courts.
Finance Secretary – AW Wahlang.6.
It is a matter of concern to NESFAS and fellow farmers in the state as a whole; Shillong MP, Bah Vincent H. Pala, has decided to raise the issue of Jhum Cultivation as one of the issues when he visits the National Assembly. The 26th Parliamentary Session of the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26) will be held in Glasgow next month.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Nongbri, resident of the area, said that in the past decades, as the residents of the area, they have suffered a lot, because of the lack of proper road.
The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that he is confident that in 2023 the party will win the election. from all constituencies in Jaintia Hills.
Up to 30 members of the Executive Committee who have joined HANM were also sworn in by Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
Shillong: Meghalaya have reached the final of the Santosh Trophy after beating Manipur 1-0 in their Group B match at Agartala today.
"We must be intelligent in all aspects from government ministers and government officials," he said.
K.Passah, District Sports Officer, said that the Independence Day Run – 2023 will be held on the 15th August, 2023 from 6 pm. Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai at 5 pm.
Nongstoiñ, July 19: Following the complaint of the residents of the village, regarding the inability of the companies to supply diesel and petrol, to provide services to the people, the Meghalaya Youth Federation Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of Bah Pynshai Kharbani and his members, visited the petrol pumps in the Shallang area and found that not a single petrol pump had fuel.
JOWAI: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has invited athletes to a trial in preparation for the selection of athletes for the Meghalaya Games to be held in November
Mawkyrwat, July 27: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday urged the residents of South West Khasi Hills District who have Aadhaar cards and who no longer use their mobile numbers according to Aadhar. Your card must be renewed with your mobile number so that you can get a One Time Password (OTP) to verify your Aadhaar Card.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Service Conduct Rules, which ensures that government employees must inform the government when they perform their duties in the party or batch.
Why do they say such things? Why do they try to mislead the people? When did you say that you would give them the land?"
Shillong, March 3: The session of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will start tomorrow and it is expected that there will be a protest from the members of the opposition to the government on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit ( ILP).
“On the part of the Congress MLAs, they fully support the demand of the Sur ki NongMawlai to stand with them and I will bring this letter as a witness before me. “The Legislative Assembly should support the demand of the people of Mawlai, because the demand is for the rights of the family of Bah Che,” he said.
On the other hand, Samla Moslander Marngar, one of the leaders of the Youth Wing of the UDP, strongly criticized the Sports Department.
In 2013, Manas contested on the Congress ticket, but was defeated by Sanbor Shullai, who contested on the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) ticket at that time.
Mawliehpoh SC has beaten Pompyrthat SC by 10 points in the second division football league of the TASA.
Furthermore, the KSU understands that the condition of this road will continue and the KSU will hold a mass protest without delay.
This is according to the legend of the Pomreng.
BTS or Bangtan Boys is a well-known South Korean band with many fans from all over the world and Jungkook is one of the most prominent members of the band to entertain the public.
Genesis2:8-14.
The relatives of the deceased have also staged a protest demanding a thorough investigation and severe punishment against the robber who killed the deceased. they.
The match between the two teams will be played at 3:30 pm at the SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo.
This was stated by the MLA of the constituency, Bah Titosswer Well Chyne at a public awareness meeting on the benefits of tourism organized by the Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (ULBA) at Sohra on Saturday.
The song was performed by Aziana Pambah and tyngshop Amunick and sung by Febby Sohtun & Wansuk. (Airport Road Age).
“This is something that has been misunderstood.
The Congress and BJP have been speaking out against corruption in the MDA government despite the fact that the Congress and BJP MLAs are working together in the NPP-led government. Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 16: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes IAS, today said that according to the order issued on 25th March 2022, the ban on the illegal mining and transportation of coal in all over the District.
East Khasi Hills performed well with 87.54% pass rate while East Garo Hills performed the lowest with 48.24%.
Political parties and candidates should be vigilant against disrupting meetings and marches organized by other parties.
Through various programmes, Poshan Maah 2023 aims to boost community participation on a massive scale, leveraging available resources through Panchayats and groups in urban areas to achieve The Prime Minister's visit to Amrit Kaal.
On the other hand, the party will not stand idly by and will continue to fight against all illegal activities.
“We will also meet with the police to follow up on the steps they have taken,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang, 19: The law enforcement agencies have had to demonstrate their power this time before Meghalaya goes to the elections to elect the new leaders of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. The election will be held soon after the clashes between the voters in West Shillong and Phulbari constituencies in the past few days and months.
He said that the meeting also discussed to maintain the status quo in the implementation of the scheme which means that if the Assam government implements it, Meghalaya will not suffer as well if Meghalaya implements it. Assam will not comply, and that status quo has been seen since ancient times but it has been seen every time the Meghalaya government when it wants to implement any scheme the Assam government has come to comply, it has not kept its promise. .
However, there are areas or constituencies where the power of money has no power and the people make the decision with their wisdom and free will.
“We are still waiting for the report from the police, I don't have any reason to remove them,” he said.
Expressing his concern over the unemployment of the youth, the General Secretary of the UDP said that the Government should find ways and means to help the youth by creating job opportunities for their welfare. .
Therefore, in view of the rapid increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state, the signs are that the government and the people will soon fall in this fight against the virus. There is no risk of Covid-1
The need to deploy more security personnel was felt by the government after government and private vehicles were burnt down due to the protests.
When the mind is healthy, you can focus on good and necessary activities that can relieve the physical pain and not just on the mind.
Shillong, July 17: Four political parties today met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Road, Bah KB Mawkdoh and the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah WR Lyngdoh to discuss the construction of the NH-4 These four organizations including the AJYWO Sengkmie, KSU-Jaintia Hills District Unit, FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle and HNYF-East Jaintia Zone have from time to time demanded that the government should repair the road. The NH-44 road is not available.
One of the leaders of the farmers' union, Darshan Pal Singh, alleged that the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has lodged a complaint against those involved in the protest.
Rangdajied United FC have qualified for the semifinals of the Meghalaya State League 2023 after a thrilling performance in which they won the title. Mulait United beat Mulait United 5-0 in their Group B match at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai today.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 19 cases including 14 high risk cases, 2 foreign cases and 3 ILI cases.
The High Court also said that the state government and NHIDCL should think together and come up with a plan on how to reduce traffic jam during the construction of the flyover and other parts of the road. Shillong-Downtown.
The existence of Self Help Groups has helped the people to understand how to stand on their own feet and start their own businesses to exploit the natural resources.
After the rest of the match, Rangdajied continued to score the third goal through Knerktilang in the 58th minute.
Andreas said that these people from Assam have deceived the people of the state through social media platforms like Facebook and ordered the people to deposit T.1 lakh to get back T. .3 to T.5 lakh and if they give T.5 lakh they will get T.15 lakh.
Earlier, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, while raising the issue, said the government should take the opportunity to call for talks with the political parties as they have expressed their desire to come forward.
Because if you count more than Rs. 5000/- or Rs.10,000/ it will affect your house but the old one if you earn only Rs.2000/- per month is still enough” said the owner. try to find a newer one that will last longer.
Badri Rai & Co. has taken part in the tender, but it has not been accepted, but the contractor of UPRNNL has awarded the sub contract for the construction of the Legislative Assembly to Badri Rai. .
He said that the problem faced by the state is the unemployment where the higher the education level in the state, the higher the unemployment. by providing employment opportunities and training to stand on their own feet by helping and guiding them.
He gave the example of other countries in the world like Israel, the USA and European countries, which have strict laws against people entering but tourists are flowing steadily.
The 5G network will have a serious impact on human life and the environment as a whole, said Juhi Chawla.
In this neo-liberal age, an age of discrimination against others and of income and education, I personally like to read and study the book of Revelation.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills conducted the programme.
The AIUDF, in a statement, alleged that this is a political move by the BJP and said that the slogan is 'Aziz Khan Zindabad' but some media have translated it into 'Aziz Khan Zindabad' 'Pakistan Zindabad'.
They are called 'Khon rympha'
Spain will play Russia on Sunday.
He said that during their inspection of the farmers, the KSU has found that the farmers have been harassed, in which many vehicles carrying agricultural products have been turned away halfway by the police. .
All children are encouraged to bring their sports equipment along with original certificates on the day of selection.
Besides John Leslee, the party has also announced the name of Dr. Pilne Sangma to contest from North Tura.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Carmelus Rani.
On Monday, the MDA-2 government led by the NPP, BJP, UDP, etc. has started allowing Hindi in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly through the speech of the Governor in Hindi.
Maybe she doesn’t show that maturity in leadership.
The name of Boris Johnson's son is still unknown, but Symonds and her son are said to be in good health.
On the issue of eye disease, we urged the DC to direct the health department to take action by sending health teams to look into the disease. Even if you don't want to buy medicine, you should have a doctor's note.
The Inquiry Committee has not investigated or investigated how the money from the Professional Tax of KHADC has entered the account of KHCF up to T.35 lakh and why it has gone. The account of the former Secretary was also accessed but it was reported that the casual workers were charged.
“I have seen that since the beginning of the drug epidemic, no one has taken the initiative to do anything, but it ends only in explanations or public awareness,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 4: Although many people in the state have been criticizing from time to time that the Bharatya Janata Party (BJP), it is the party that all the people do not want in the state.
The police need to be more numerous and have more time to investigate and follow up.
AGP leader Zoii Nath Sharma said the party had met yesterday and decided to appeal against the bill in the Supreme Court. He will leave for Delhi to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the bill.
It is also clear that in these other languages, the word "doubt" comes from the word "Ar" – in Latin "dubbium" which carries the meaning "Arta", in French "doute", in English “doubt"; in German, "zweifel" comes from the word "zwei" which means "Ar"
This deforestation is like preparing for large forest fires and this also produces smoke and strengthens the impact of climate change.
“In our policy, we are committed to the development of the whole society, the government works on the basis of Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
The first explanation to prevent this disease or COVID-19, I appeal to our dear fellow citizens who live in Meghalaya, I believe in your homes all of you have a syingmet, These three types of sying makhir and rynsun are used to cut the syingmet with one hand, the sying makhir with one hand, the khasi rynsun with nine symbols, if the dkhar rynsun with nine symbols.
Dead pigs should be cleaned by digging a hole in the ground and throwing a lot of shun into the rivers, streams or wells.
By the power of God Himself, He sent His own Angel to come on the third step, and when the Angel of God shook the place where the Lord was laid, “Behold, there was a great earthquake. for an angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it.
The election went smoothly and the Dolloi declared Lucas M Shylla as the winner and the Rangbah Shnong of the village.
There are 22 cases in East Khasi Hills, 20 cases in South Garo Hills, 9 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 6 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in South West Garo Hills. .
He became the Word, and the Word became God.
If so, why don't they follow this special example and give all the mothers why they only praise (we are still surprised).
The Governor of New York has sent an appeal to everyone to come out and help the victims of the coronavirus outbreak in the state. from the outbreak of a serious illness throughout the country.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Vice President of Seng Khasi Laitkor Pyllun, Bah Throshon Mylliemngap, said, “Although there is no need to encourage or expel those who have converted to take part in the dance, Those who are in the traditional religion according to the customs and traditions but if they come to do only to follow, we don't want that but even those who have a spirit of knowledge and those who want, we can't accept such people because they don't. khihwin only as soon as the sting of the dhah"
The inclusion of NOTA in the voting machines will be implemented in the Lok Sabha MP elections 2014 which will be held in three months.
The UHM has urged the MSPCB to cancel the Public Hearing scheduled to be held on 19th March 2019 and urged to stop the plan of Star Cement to mine the and the stone of Brichyrnot.
However, through the roster implemented by the MDA government in this way, many youths will be lost, because they have to fill the positions that their colleagues from Garo have not been given in the last 50 years.
Police said they have not been able to provide an estimate of the costs of the incident.
These awards were selected on the basis of skills in cooking, cleanliness, cleanliness, ability to attract people with dignity and other special skills in the field of relationships. and sells food and drink.
The Agriculture Research Center (KVK), West Khasi Hills has celebrated the National Day on the 15th of this month at KVK, Nongshillong.
The purpose of this is to raise awareness among the world about the many benefits that we can get for our health from eating bread.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The AJYWO-EJZ has banned foreigners from continuing to paint houses in East Jaintia Hills district as their work deprives the land owners of their land.
LONG LIVE AITCKA TRINAMOOL STARTED TO VOTE FOR YOUR CHILDREN.
Shillong: The JSU has strongly condemned the CM's statement that he has nothing to do with the environmental clearance of Star Cement. The MoEF&CC has sent a letter to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board stating that the Chief Minister has sent the letter twice on 26/07/2020 and 10/0 /2021 to request the MoEF&CC to implement para 7 clause (v) stage 3 of the EIA,
Earlier, Taiwan today sent down 21 of its planes from crossing the border into Taiwan during the visit of US Speaker Nancy Pelosi. .
Sohra, Ïaïong, 17: The residents of Ryngud village in the Sohra area have lost all their Kwai due to the heavy rainfall in the past few days.
In the second half, Onside Sports took the lead through Jerina Mawlong in the 9th minute but Lili scored the first goal.
In a statement, the KSU through Samla James Hitler Mawphniang General Secretary of the KSU, NKHD said that the KSU strongly opposes the haste of the illegal immigrants, the selfish foreigners and the robbers. The BSF has been selling land in Umsen to the BSF for the purpose of building a military base. Hundreds of acres of land have been destroyed in the area. border with the state of Assam.
It will also reduce farmers’ input costs and boost farmers’ income through increased agricultural production capacity.
Shillong, Nailar 6: Candidates who have completed a non-government nursing course have been allegedly discriminated against in the recruitment process in the state health department.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Monday expressed his deep concern over the shortage of students in Primary and Upper Primary Schools in the state.
Two candidates for the 2018 MLA election have been nominated for the meeting of the Jowai Block Congress Committee (I) today. RC Laloo and another by Andrew Shullai.
US intelligence agencies have found 1,75,000 Russian troops on the Ukrainian border, where there is a suspicion that Russia could launch an invasion of Ukraine. early July 2022.
During the inspection, if it is found that some post lights have been damaged, they should be replaced at the right time, and also should be cleaned and cut down trees that are dangerous to the electricity supply and they shall not wait until the rain and the wind shall blow them away.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
If you can do this, you won’t have a hard time with any of the techniques you need to learn and learn.
Shillong, June 24: If the BJP fails to contest the mid-term elections, it will support Conrad Sangma of the NPP. Shillong, June 24: Women under the Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe victims of rape should receive assistance of T.5 lakh and T.8 lakh, according to the new Act of the Government of India.
Mbappe scored in the 3rd, 59th and 82nd minutes.
Earlier, in June this year, the Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) at Trichy International Airport seized 1091 grams of 24 carat gold worth T.67,05,286 from one b. riew who is a traveler.
In this fourth century, the State and the citizens have suffered greatly.
In the past few days, the UDP has elected Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, the brother-in-law of Bah H.D.R., as its candidate.
Shouldn't this age think again that the kingdoms should work together in such great matters, instead of wasting their strength, time and money to fight and kill? one by one.
Shillong: The employees of 108 on Friday protested at Malki Square against the false promise of GVK company and demanded that the government should take over. 108 vehicles in the state.
The goals were scored by Pynbhalin Wanniang (17,24,35,48.56min), Philadaplin Dkhar (18.22min), Sunalinda Iawrem (21.30min) and Lawansuk Lyngkhoi (44min).
They beat SCA-A by 39 runs on Friday at the Polo Ground.
Nongstoiñ, November 29: The strike by the contractors to implement the drinking water scheme through the Jaal Jivan Mission since November until now, has not gone smoothly as it should have been as all the contractors under the Jaal Jivan Mission The PHE Western Circle Contractors and Suppliers Association (PHE) led by Bah JTS Thongni, President of the Association, which includes the Mairang, Nongstoiñ and Mawkyrwat Divisions, has suspended the construction of the project.
At the same time, the union also expressed its concern over the lack of development in East Jaintia Hills District especially in Khliehriat which is the headquarters of the district.
All the speakers of the meeting strongly condemned the actions of the police and forest officials of the Assam Government and demanded that the Meghalaya Government should expedite the border settlement with the Assam Government to avoid any incident. the confusion and loss of souls as happened in Mukroh.
Not only filmmakers and producers have had the opportunity to showcase their talents, but young people, children, women and men who have the talent to act have also had the opportunity to showcase their talents. You don't have to go through this technology.
Nongpoh: Receiving a complaint from the residents of Mawlyndep area, who have complained about the construction of the road from Lad Umsaw to Mawlyndep, which is about 10 km long, Leaders of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday, inspected the road, and found that many parts of the road, which has just been constructed, have been damaged and the color that was just cleansed was gone.
He said that this incident is due to the lack of management in the electricity distribution department in the state.
He added that if there are any changes after the discussions, the Government will consider them.
On the same day, the President of the Seiñ Raij-12 Daloi and the President of the Seiñ Raij Muktapur also inaugurated the foundation stone of the 23rd Lympung.
Therefore, she urged to spend more time in physical activity to get a healthy and strong blood pressure in this age of new technologies.
Other speakers at the meeting included Bah Wanjop Laloo, Director, Albera Home and Youth Development Centre.
They said that all the residents of the area live on agriculture and the land is very fertile with all kinds of trees, kwai, Tympew, Kait, Sohtrun, and others. others are the most important crops in the area.
Shillong: Members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) have been released on bail today after they were arrested by the state police for allegedly They allegedly disrupted the public protests against the unemployment in the state.
The Durbar also decided that if in this way the people do not hesitate to come forward for the betterment of the area as this road has been worked since 2010 and until now only one salin stone, not yet seen.
The participants participated actively in the discussion and asked many questions and this helped a lot to get ideas and clarifications from the DPMU Team with the assistance of the staff of the Forest and Soil & Water Conservation Department. the program was successful.
“I and the party have the hope of winning the election because wherever we go we get the strong support of the people and we have the confidence of the people of the 36 constituencies,” he said. .
“This ban on coal mining is a challenge to turn to other sources of income,” said Rymbai.
It is worth mentioning that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has agreed to provide funds if the ASHAs are suffering and has developed policies so that there will be no more dismissal not only by the decision of the VEC or Dorbar but also in relation to the demand for improvement. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, has promised to meet with the Chief Minister on the 6th of this month.
Luke 23:42.
In a statement yesterday, Leyland announced the closure of these working days for five days and earlier in April 2019, Leyland said the decline in sales of its vehicles, percent or 8,296 units.
On Saturdays, he was to wash the clothes of his children and his wife.
“We would also like to thank the Doctors, Counselors and staff from NEIGRIHMS Hospital who came to provide all the necessary facilities for this program and through their cooperation we were able to make the program a success,” she said. Thank you very much from the Blood Donation Cell.
The deadline for submission of online application forms is 26th October, 2024 till 11:50 pm.
Shillong: Classrooms at the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) today became empty due to the lack of teachers.
KI SOH EHSNEP:— These types of soh often provide many benefits for the health of the body in all aspects.
Conrad said this while responding to a motion moved by Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar in the Budget Session on Tuesday on the need to discuss the second amendment. of the border demarcation and the need to review the MoU signed between the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam.
This will be the first drug seizure after the appointment of Kong Idashisha Nongrang as the Chief of Police on Tuesday.
The world is now afraid of Israel or the Jews because Jerusalem is now a cup of shaking, a heavy stone. Those who touch Jerusalem will now be struck with wonder, with confusion and blindness.
"China return our land" and "China flee" and "China, stop interfering in Nepal's internal affairs" were chanted against China.
Shillong, June 04: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should pass laws in accordance with the times so that women can participate in the elections. the views of the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment today summoned Bah Herbert Lyngdoh, SP of West Khasi Hills, to submit a report on the incident of rape in Mairang.
Hek first met with the Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, Arjun Munda and requested him to support the development of employment opportunities for the tribals of Meghalaya through challenges. They came through the Fisheries Department in South West Garo Hills and insisted on the proper implementation and monitoring of the projects implemented for the benefit of the farmers.
The event was attended by Bah Fantin Lakadong as the chief guest, Bah Shaiphar Kupar Wahlang, Rangbah Shnong, Bah Teilang Kharmawphlang, Secretary Sports Club, Bah H.Kharlukhi President Sports Club, Bah P.Marbaniang Assistant. Secretary Dorbar Shnong, Bah D.Nongkynrih Sports & Cultural Secretary.
On the same day, u Sniawbha also opened the Sukra festival of Mutong.
"Thus we were until 1834, illiterate, illiterate until the most terrible “Destroyer" in the world came to this holy land of God, which we believe and worship only in “ You're Alone.
“This (the loss of power of the Rangbah Shnong, is one of the worst affected by the incident in Mukhep, where the Rangbah Shnong cannot issue a syrnot to the villager while the policeman from Garo or outside the village issues a syrnot). ", said Mr. Teinwel.
Shillong, November 11: Police on Tuesday morning raided and raided and destroyed the headquarters of the GNLA. A group of insurgents has attacked the police three times today.
Nongpoh: The 2nd Eastern Ri-Bhoi League Football Tournament was held at Lumsohraman Stadium on Tuesday morning on Tuesday morning. They beat Nongtraw Football Club 1-0
In terms of peace and order, the residents of this area live in harmony and mutual respect.
There are many rights that deficit teachers are still entitled to but until now the laws and regulations and the management of the school authorities remain in the dark.
Meanwhile, Umkiang Police Station conducted a search operation near Malidor Bridge to count and register all vehicles entering the state.
On the other hand, Kong Rochelle Wahlang, who has been the winner of the beauty pageant in the past, said that she wants to see that the youngsters will come forward to compete in this pageant.
The allegation that the Khar Bangle, Khar Assam, or Khar Shipai have taken over the land around the city and on the border is unfounded, because they are the owners of the land together with the Rangbah Kur. Rangbah Shnongs who have seals who sell little by little for their own needs.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, has imposed a curfew under Section 144 CrPC until further notice.
A youth from Umeit village, Ri-Bhoi district, has died on 5th November after being shot dead by unidentified persons at Lad Umroi.
Shillong: Thirty-eight tests conducted at the Gauhati Medical College Hospital have been found negative, the Chief Minister said today.
Throughout the 19th and 20th centuries the Presbyterian Church in Hynniewtrep has been involved in various historical events.
Finally, a speech was delivered by Bah Wengstone Rangjem, Block Resource Person of SSA Pynursla Block who spoke on the topic of Out of School Children. He also explained about the RTE Act and the benefits of the SSA scheme where free education is provided to children from 6 to 14 years.
Narwan Multipurpose Co-Operative Society Ltd.
May the God of peace grant you the eternal rest of the Spirit.
Furthermore, there are shops, shops, other shops that do not require tourists, and there are also hotels and tourist accommodation.
Those who have a hand in these activities are those who are not religious or religious.
In fact, their term of office expires on 2nd January, which has prompted them to hold an indefinite strike from Monday.
Phewse! The Deputy Chief Minister's remarks have turned the matter into a reality.
Especially as Shillong has become increasingly crowded with the passing of the days, it is necessary for all government departments to be prepared in case of any natural disaster,” she said. Matsiewdor, added, “Such trainings will help to avoid incidents and also to reduce damage.
On employment, many youths complain that they do not get jobs in companies.
The Pope said that the cities of Ukraine have become places of violence. tep people in these days.
The last time Sing Mulieh contested the MLA election was in
The society invites everyone to participate and showcase their talents,” said President Bah Wellessly Lyngkhoi.
Nongpoh, June 10: Samla Balawansuk Makri of Nongtyrlaw village in Ri-Bhoi District has won the title of Miss Ri-Bhoi Tourism 2022 organized by the Ri-Bhoi Tourism & Environmental Development Forum (RIF) on the occasion of its 10th Anniversary. The group since its inception in 2012, at the meeting held on Saturday at NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium among 20 participants from all over Ri-Bhoi District after being able to exercise well and answer the questions of the judges.
Shillong, July 18: The 27th Road Safety Week, 2016 has been celebrated under the theme “Road Safety Week, time to do something.
“If they don't come on the appointed day, they will be responsible,” said Bah JL Hynniewta, Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
There are 215 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 21 cases in West Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in Ri Bhoi, 25 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills. bad South Garo Hills 1.
In this regard, the HNYF Northern Region, through Bah Banpynskhem Kharnaior, President, together with the leaders of the HNYF, including the leaders of the unit, strongly condemned the The HNYF has threatened to defame the Village Leaders and HNYF Leaders. Bah Banpynskhem said that the HNYF strongly condemns the cross. it is not illegal for the man to do so, but she also asks the police to arrest the man immediately.
The Jews were God's chosen people, but they were against God's law.
Shillong, March 19: The Congress has no intention of cooperating with any political party except the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Friday. (BJP).
The Minister of Cooperation, Bah Comingone Ymbon, inaugurated the 70th All India Cooperative Week at a function held at Moosyiem Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills District on 14th November.
Thy right hand be on earth as it is in heaven.
The new Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem, today sent the names of nine MDCs to become the Executive Members (EMs) (EMs) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The new Executive Committee (EC) has been appointed by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of its President Robertjune Kharjahrin today met with the Chairperson of the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC, Teilinia Thangkhiew. Dy.CEM to suggest to the committee to include 20 issues in the VAB. One of the 20 issues that the HYC has suggested to the District Council is to include The District Council should establish a school for the post of Rangbah Shnong or Secretary Shnong. Another issue is that the District Council should set rules to empower the Dorbar Shnong to collect revenue , donation or collection of funds for the purpose of to empower the Dorbar Shnong to impose fines and the amount of fines shall be fixed and approved by the District Council.
The cleanliness drive was also attended by the Waheh Shnongs of Jowai who encouraged the market dwellers to throw garbage in the garbage dumps and to avoid collecting garbage on the streets of Iawmusiang.
Jowai, November 15: The Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society (MSRLS) through its District Mission Management Unit (DMMU) West Jaintia Hills today held a one day program known as “SHG Meet Cum Credit Camp” at Door Hall of Ladthadlaboh Village, Jowai.
“This payment includes the salary that has been suspended since the time of the first CEM Benedict Marak as he is the head of the same EC,” said Albinush Marak.
Shortly after the shooting, the leaders of the Taxi Drivers Union and the civil society organizations arrived at Civil to encourage the drivers.
Langsning FC opened the scoring in the 5th minute through Kitboklang Pale. Langsning FC opened the scoring in the 5th minute.
The ceremony started on the 1st of July Mushai with the Uin Talawiar dance and on the 2nd of July the ceremony was completed by the Shutia of Raij Muthlong called “ka Sang”. and at noon, the chiefs of the Raij such as Langdoh, Sangot, Maji, Shuti, Waheh Trei, Rangbah San Kur, and the Khyndai Knie Khyndai Kpa, together with the children of the village, performed the ritual. the kingdom of Biar Nohrong.
“Regarding the arrest of senior HNLC leaders by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) during the ongoing peace talks, the CM said that the matter has already been discussed. and the federal government.
Lapang also met with Hiranya Bora, former MLA and former General Secretary of the North East Congress Coordination Committee (NECCC). :There will be a meeting of all the families affected by the project to upgrade and improve the Shillong-Dawki road.
This was created with the involvement of local authorities, groups and the public.
He said that the state government, NGOs, church groups and village authorities have provided accommodation and food to these Manipuris.
Around these planets, there is an atmosphere surrounding them, which contains many kinds of gases, which support life or harm life.
Satan was eager to tempt her.
However, the name of another person, Puranam Chettri, was written incorrectly by Naram Chettri.
However, despite the efforts from time to time, the police have found it difficult to fight hard due to the overload of other duties at the District Headquarters.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Minister in charge of Community and Rural Development, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Hamletson Dohling on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the new Block Development Office. Officer (BD0) of Khatarshnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block at the meeting at Mawkdok.
When asked when they will be able to complete the construction of the basa, they said that they have completed the construction of the shops on Thursday and they hope that on Saturday they will be able to reopen the shops. their.
Apart from Ganga Prasad and Phagu Chauhan, we don't remember any other Governor who doesn't speak English.
He said that the main problem in Shillong is the traffic jam and the government is looking for ways to resolve the traffic jam.
Through this, it will be possible to ensure that the implementation of the works will be efficient, the work will be completed on time and there will be a clean accounting.
Mukul owns a .32 pistol worth T.80,000 and completed his MBBS from Manipur in
The coronavirus is a sign of God's understanding to us human beings, that our wisdom, power and glory are nothing.
The total number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 14,541 with 583 deaths and in Mumbai alone, 9,3
The Nagaland Congress has said that the Assam Cattle Preservation Bill 2021, which was introduced in the Assam Legislative Assembly today, will be a major threat. the custom of eating meat, which the people of this area used to eat.
P. Pamthied, Publicity Secretary- Mr. L. Dkhar, Lem and 28 members who attended the event.
You took me out of my mother's womb.
It is the people of the law who violate the law.
The incident happened at around 9:45 pm, when the employees of the petrol pump were about to close, but suddenly men in military uniform came to rob. the money.
Sinha died in a car accident in Gurgaon, Haryana on Saturday morning while he was on his way to Delhi for office work assigned by the state police department. .
In the incident, the driver of the truck died on the spot and the follower of the truck sustained serious injuries. who was seriously injured, but who arrived at the hospital, died shortly afterwards.
“You take 60 alone.
Earlier, the Minister also met with Kong T Nongkhlaw, the first mother to give birth at Umthlong Sub Center and handed over the gifts.
They always promised to give heaven and earth if the people were in need.
There are 893 confirmed cases in the state and the death toll has risen to 1,4
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government was formed by the NPP, BJP, UDP and other parties and independent MLAs.
After the first half, Rangdajied took the lead in the first half only after 10 minutes of the second half when Mawnai headed the ball against the goalkeeper. Wallambha Kharpran of RUFC and Denelson Pyngrope of Nangki tried to turn the ball but it went past Kharpran's body and fell to Donboklang. you can't add jlang to the jar.
However, it is impossible to know in advance as this team is not weak and the victory and defeat depends on the ability of the players to show their strength today. she will not give up but will fight hard to win.
He urged the people of Jaintia Hills to take advantage of this opportunity for the benefit of the people.
Therefore, the union urges the authorities to take action to address the many shortcomings in the Institute, especially in terms of water supply and other needs of the youth. said Bah Lui Lyngdoh.
It is to be recalled that the auctioneers, who sold clothes inside the Jaiaw stand, had to leave the area to sell at the parking lot of Ri Bhoi at Garikhana. .
Bindo said that Hopingstone Lyngdoh, President HSPDP, has been an MLA for 10 years and during his tenure as MLA, he has stood firm on the ground to demand that the HSPDP should be elected. “How can he now turn his back and support Mukul Sangma?” said Bindo. “We want to know clearly what is the basis of Hoping? has his claim for deletion of Para 12A been dismissed or does he still stand on that basis?".
Furthermore, the friendship between Luckystar Dhar (56 from 49 with 7x4s, 3x6s) and Peterson Sangma (40 from 18 with 3x4s, 4x6s), who scored 60 runs together.
Everything begins at home.
It wasn't until the 45+1 minute of the second half that Sunidahoi Sungoh of Lumiawmuchai scored the first goal of the match.
Hamlet said that Ronnie has deceived the people by informing through the media that MUDA has been withdrawn. “But where is the evidence that he has withdrawn MUDA, where is the announcement from the government? “It is this announcement that MUDA can no longer operate but will fall under the jurisdiction of the District Council for those areas under its jurisdiction,” said Hamlet.
“I don't know who came or who didn't come to the meeting, it is the MPCC leader to do this.
"Before, I used to be a drummer, now I play bombs better," said Ban.
We hate foreigners without any reason but we forget that we cannot live without food and the most important things, which belong to him.
Chesterfield-MLP-coach-could-win-the-Man-of-the-Match award.
Before the Holy Eucharistic Mass, Father Policarpus Shylla, Parish Priest of Ummulong Parish, welcomed the participants.
On the other hand, Prestone said that those who abuse animals will be punished.
In the 65 kg category, Aiboklin Rina came first, Usefulness L Nongum came second and Wenny Finda Kharthangmaw came third.
At this meeting, Satyapal.
To assist Government Officials (BLOs), by checking whether the names and photographs match the age of the voter, the face appearing in the the Draft Photo Electoral Rolls, so that there will be no confusion of names and photographs.
The NEGovernment informs that these rules shall not apply if they speak on behalf of the Government in accordance with the authority conferred on them.
The five arrested were identified as Gopal Marak (52), Tanay Marak (15), Nirupi Sangma (28) and Milition Sangma (18). of Aanandpur, Sunamganj District, Bangladesh.
We were on a very tight schedule and it wasn’t easy to come up with the right team.
Shillong: There have been 70 new cases of corona virus in Shillong today.
On the other hand, u Bah Jyrwa said that there was a vehicle that fell into the grounds of the church in the past after it went wrong on the road near the church.
“This is not the responsibility of the KSU to decide blindly...it is the responsibility of the KSU. the whole nation.
Shillong: More than 19 lakh people have not been registered in the National Registration of Citizens (NRC) by the Assam Government. The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of its President, Bah Robert Kharjahrin today met with the President of Meghalaya, Bah Robert Kharjahrin. Director General of Police R.Chandranathan.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, in a public statement today, on Tuesday said that all shops should not display the number of injected persons. This is a good thing in front of your shop.
He said that many reasons have delayed the completion of the hotel which was built since he was in school until now to become chairman and MLA. Lessley Shylla Pvt Ltd, which is implementing the project, has submitted a letter of intent to complete the hotel by
Pediatrician Dr. S. Longtrai, Pediatric Surgeon Dr. P. Khongsngi, Medical Officer DEIC Dr. J. Rani, Managing Director of Mission Smile Guwahati, Dr. Hitesh, Asst.Genl.
It is also alleged that VHAM has shown the licenses of pharmacies to justify their purchase, one is the license of Ram Passah, owner of M/s Remedy Pharmacy, Ialong which has license number JH/ 395-396-397 and another of M/s K. Chyrmang 12 Daloi Pharmacy, KNB Road, Jowai (License no.
As part of the support and encouragement to the hunger strike of Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit, the people of Riwar Mihngi will hold a Peace Rally at the parking lot in Pynursla.
Taking part in the first meeting, Bah Process T Sawkmie MDC of Congress from Mawlai said that he is Dy.CEM only in name without knowing the job. He said that the misuse of the Council's funds has affected the members of the House and many Executive Members who are not aware of this.
In the first match between Mawryngkneng CC and Marbisu CC, Marbisu CC, which won the toss, failed to tied first and set a target of 97 runs for the loss of all wickets in 14 overs.
The VPP has donated 1,73,223 tyngka to the party after the fundraising meeting, according to a statement from the VPP. Dr Batskhem Myrboh, Dr Batskhem Myrboh, of the party, said that this contribution of the people to the party shows that the power of the people cannot be stopped when the people themselves want change.
Shillong: The border area at Dawki between India and Bangladesh is not safe, as BSF personnel are standing only three or four persons to stop Bangladeshis who come to the Indian border to do good, take pictures and The BSF has also arrested hundreds of Bangladeshis who used to come near the Dawki River because there are no barriers to block the road. .
God does not want to see that the worship of God is to be praised by men and the glory belongs to Him, and only to Him should man praise, worship and praise.
Referring to the lack of drinking water, Bah Kimfa said that his constituency is still facing many difficulties in getting drinking water.
He said that the Food Processing Department has been set up to look after the production of food from agricultural products from this state and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest said that education is important in this age and as an MLA he wants the border schools to be adequate. Serve as students, because knowledge is valuable in this age.
As a tyngshop, Sandler has starred in 30 successful films.
More than 73 per cent of the 14 lakh voters turned out to cast their votes on the 9th of this month to decide the victory and defeat of 2,900 candidates.
Second :- The understanding of the true prophets of God: (i.
In the opinion of the union, Ramesh Thapa should have been handed over to the Meghalaya Police as the FIR has been lodged with the Meghalaya Police.
They shall be evacuated from the area according to the rules of law.
Rememberme Phawa, who exports sohsaw from Wahiajer to Siliguri, Bangladesh, Silchar, Badarpur and other states of India, said that the price drop has been excessive in the past few days. didn't think at all.
She said that the court should not forget its illegal decisions even in the Municipal Election because its illegal decision has caused a Ward Commissioner to lose his life. This is the statement of Mr. C.Thangkhiew.
Even though the team has suffered three defeats, the Meghalaya girls should be proud to be the first team to leave the state, no matter whether it is the team. men's or women's teams in their respective age groups but have been selected as one team within the Elite group, and have also finished second in the Plate Group of the season which is past.
Speaking to reporters, the teachers of the school said that the appointment letter contains a round stamp, the letter head of the school and the signature of the Principal of the school.
Narayanasamy will hold a special meeting with government ministers at 4 pm tomorrow at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong after the opening ceremony. His meeting with Congress workers will be held at 3:30 pm at Congress Bhavan, Shillong.
This statement of the Mawpdang Dorbar Shnong came after the Raid Nongkrem strongly opposed the Mawpdang Dorbar Shnong's plan to sell the public land.
Serbian tennis star Novak Djokovic has returned to world number one in the ATP rankings after winning his own title. the trophy from the recent French Open.
By the end of the first half, nothing could be scored which ensured that Iatyllilang SC reached the semi final of this season.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MLA Adelbert Nongrum said, “I express my concern over the water shortage in some parts of the 17th Shillong Constituency. 2 Government departments, PHE and Municipal are the government departments which have the duty to answer and explain their work to the public, because it is their duty as assigned to them, because this is the death of the Live with the needs of the people.
Thus man is a wonderful creation of God, because man has the image of God in him.
The Club will ensure that the residents of the border area should not feel that they have been neglected by the government as the Block Officer and the District authorities are with them to look after their problems.
Speaking to media, Finance Minister MB Kharlukhi said, “We request the market dwellers to respect the wearing of masks and to teach the market visitors to wear masks because According to the increase in the spread of Covid 19 but it will be a great protection, we request all the market dwellers in Iewduh or various markets of the Hima Mylliem to respect the orders of the Government to avoid these dangers and I request that those who come to the market should give the cooperation directed by the Hima so that it will be a protection for them and the market visitors.
Speaking to reporters after casting his vote in Saifai (Etawah), Yadav said the EC should take action on the non-functioning of EVMs in Rampur and Badaun.
“In 1951, without the consent of the rulers of Assam, hundreds of villages were annexed to Assam,” he said.
However, due to the dissatisfaction with the decision of the Lamphang, the opposition members from all the political parties immediately left the House due to the government's inability to correct the mistakes.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll free No.1697, lane to the District Grievances Officer, East Jaintia Hills.
The Government has also started the timely delivery of medicines to the remote areas of the State.
Shangpliang said it is difficult to ensure social distancing in the market but even so, the members of the union and the parking lot employees have tried their best to follow the rules. This is to avoid being banned by the district authorities.
There is a reason why we should be afraid of these non-native plants.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi today alleged that Arun Jaitley's daughter received lakhs of rupees from Mehol Choksi, who stole money from the Punjab National Bank.
Meanwhile, the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar and Social Welfare Organization (WDO) has submitted a petition to the Prime Minister demanding that the government should upgrade the Administrative Unit Patharkhmah to a Civil Sub Division. part to bring about a closer working relationship between the people and the government.
Besides, the participation was limited to the leaders of all the branches of the Seng Khasi of the districts and branches of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Mylliem Lum SC took the lead in the 6th minute through Eliastar Nongsiej who scored both goals for Mylliem Lum SC. Jowel Khongdup scored the third goal in the 9th minute.
Speaking to reporters, Bah JA Lyngdoh said that the misunderstanding as alleged by the UDP leaders is not from his son but due to the misunderstanding from the party leaders themselves.
They said that for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, they will do the same by contesting only one party, not from other parties but only from the NPP.
The MFA congratulated and wished Saphapaya, Bonifilla and Larihun for their good performance in the tournament.
After Rosy's death, one of her son-in-law, Samuel Sangma, died by hanging himself in a house.
Boys' Higher Secondary School, Jowai
"Rev.JJM Nichols Roy has spoken fearlessly to express the aspirations of the people and especially the Khasi and also expressed the precious nature of the Khasi people without racial discrimination or ethnic discrimination. and there is no difference, but there is no difference: but they are all one.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The price of synsar has increased in the Mawiong market for about two or three months.
The Artemis Accords set rules to guide private and international space travel for non-violent purposes.
James Sangma said, “Health is essential for the welfare of society.
The HPU, on the other hand, came out of the All Party Hill Leaders Conference (APHLC) with the aim of uniting all leaders.
Who can imagine that the Congress, which had 20 MLAs four and a half years ago, will no longer have MLAs?
“How can you, Rida, leave when I have come to get medicine?
Shillong: After the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) held a rally against the MoU in Nongstoiñ, some political parties and supporters of these parties said that the HYC is trying to mislead the people on the issue of MoU to settle border between Meghalaya and Assam
The winners of today's competition were in the Siat Khnam Under 14 category, the first winner was Seng Khasi Laitkor, the second winner was Khasi Laitryngew.
Nongstoiñ: A 32-year-old woman from Nongliput village in Mairang district has lodged a complaint against a man for allegedly raping her. up to two times.
He said that if the protest happens again, there may be no need to demand eviction but the area has been opened at any time. make these Harijans so brave.
It is worth mentioning that 10 years ago, in 2013, there was a thorough survey of the number of voters and at that time the Laitkroh constituency was abolished and the Umsning Constituency was created.
Article 16 Clause 4(A) 4(B) of the Constitution of India allows the States or State Governments to enact the Reservation Policy.
Other sources said 167 people who were on their way to Haridwar from Surat in Gujarat were lost.
On this occasion, these children were filled with joy to have the opportunity to be with the Prime Minister of the country who took the time to meet them on this special day.
Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh Secretary of the Sur of the West said, “We as a community are happy now that as a community and the young man brought glory to the land.
We have to think and ask ourselves carefully about that.
“When we look at Nagaland, Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh where the ILP has been implemented, there is no problem and it has not stopped the development activities, but they are going smoothly and the ILP has stopped the entry. He said that in these three states, the Government of India has tried to revoke the ILP but the governments of these States especially In Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh, which are Congress-ruled, the bill is strongly opposed.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday said that the decision of the Meghalaya Government to withdraw police patrols from the areas involved in the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam has caused a lot of trouble. it is a grave mistake, and it amounts to a mistake to treat a disease which as frontiersmen have been suffering from time to time.
The responsibility of the father of the household can be seen especially when the children go to school from year to year and when there is an invitation from the schools to the parents of the students to PARENTS DAY is held once a year in schools in the city or in the countryside.
Luizinho Faleiro, the senior leader of the Congress party, is indeed a skilled and intelligent politician, as he speaks clearly and has criticized the anti-BJP and the party. relationship of local parties with the ruling party in the central government.
The death toll has risen to 1,373 with 72 deaths in the past 24 hours.
CID police said about 6,000 other PhD theses were seized at the university in Jorabad, which borders Meghalaya and Assam.
Bah Lambok Rymbai, President and Samla Bapynshngaiñ Lyngdoh, Secretary, together with the members of the Circle, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of the district on this issue. The market, which has already been completed, but due to the delay in opening, the Circle leaders and members have not been able to report this to the district head.
Rejecting Mukul Sangma's allegation that he did nothing during his tenure in the government, Bah Paul said that it was during his tenure as Minister that the sub-committee on influx in 2004, The Inter-State Workmen Migrant Act, 1979 has been amended and also to be implemented for migrant workers.
Phasmon, while presenting the report, said that the beginning of writing in 1937 through (L) Albin Pariat.
After finding sufficient evidence, the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang, has sent the case to the Jaintia Fishing and Environmental Protection Association Jowai, which is one of the most prominent organizations in the field of preservation of the fish. who lives in the Myntdu River.
This is the worst incident in India in the last 20 years.
“In the last four years, the state has been plagued by many challenges including employment opportunities, health and development projects which appear to be limited to the newspapers and social media. media but in the public there is nothing at all.
He said that in the last two years, the STEDS has faced many problems especially in relation to the Lukha River which is a dead river.
“We have already paid up to T.250 crore from the Insurance Scheme in the State and up to 4 lakh households have benefited from this scheme,” said Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Speaking to media outside the North East Regional Review Meeting held by the National Health Authority in Shillong.
The planting method of these trees is based on the Japanese scientist Akira Miyawaki's model of environmental forest plantation.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 18: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday confirmed the office bearers and members of the KSU Shnongrim Unit. the period from 2024 to
The winners in Thohdur were Bankhraw Warjri, Lummawbah first place, Naphida B. Warjri, Mawprem second place, Badahunshisha Warjri, Pyndengumiong third place and Mewanshwa Warjri, Siejiong, 10 years old. you are rewarded and honored.
Speaking to reporters, TGCSU General Secretary Balkarin Ch Marak said that thousands of youth from Garo Hills have attended the college to get proper training.
“We understand that this Whatsapp Group was created after the revocation of the Trading License by the KHADC.
“This plane is from Dundigul Airport.
“In the last five years, the Government has been able to do many things which are not in line with what has been done in the past 20-30 years.
Demthring beat Wahiajer 2-1 to win the title of the 11th Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Speaking to u syllad, Ram Kynjing said that he started this business since he was a child and spends his time making various household items and vehicles.
The JSU also demanded that the district authorities and the government should not allow these groups to hold meetings as it will only incite the members of the community and will create more ethnic discrimination. bloody.
However, the Minister replied that the medicines have deteriorated due to the lack of access to them during the years when the state has been hit by the Covid-19 pandemic.
The development of the Land Port Dawki was approved by the High Level Empowered Committee (HLEC) of the Ministry of Home Affairs on 4th June
Bah M.Lyngkhoi Sordar Shnong Nongklung has expressed his satisfaction with this initiative of the Unit, which has turned its attention to the farmers before launching.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided not to postpone the polling day for the Assembly elections despite the request of political parties, civil society and churches in Mizoram, the Chief Electoral Officer said. Officer, Madhup Vyas on Friday.
Saturation : Rongjlahblad, which means that the color is too bright or too dark to too bright or too dark.
Shillong, July 23: Bah Gabriel Wahlang, MDC from Nongpoh, has been elected as the Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any opposition. The ARPA may cancel the registration before the election.
It is also learned that China has held the rally around Taiwan as part of an expression of its anger over the meeting between the leaders of the island and US officials in Taiwan. a little while ago.
I said again, “The best thing is that you father should forgive your son”.
The investigation will be whether Bernard is the owner of the Farm House, whether he has received permission from the authorities to turn the Farm House into a hotel, whether he has received permission to tank water. whether he pays the electricity bill and whether he has a license to sell alcohol and food at the Farm House.
In the land of corruption (violence, greed, violence, jealousy, partiality) and selfishness, a righteous person can be tempted and if he or she falls into righteousness and holiness, they may be tortured and killed.
“He has been charged under section U/S 307/279/337/338/427 IPC and is currently under trial,” he said.
The election process went smoothly as it should have and according to the demands of the time and manner of the election.
In terms of promoting Meghalaya's products, manufacturing and inheritance, the State Government, in collaboration with Invest India, is trying to establish a market for manufacturers, the Unity or A Mall.
The KSU once again demands that besides the demand for ILP, Article 371, the empowerment of District Councils, the Cut-off Date for the registration of all citizens of Meghalaya should be Those who came from East Pakistan/Bangladesh after this date should be deported to Bangladesh.
There are many changes and lessons that we have witnessed that cannot be mentioned here that we have experienced and understood because of the Covid-19 pandemic.
After this sudden stoppage of goal, the players of Nongrim Hills SC were confused and this gave Laitkor SC the opportunity to score two more goals, through u Sondy F Kharkongor in the 63rd minute followed by Risuklang Malngiang in the 66th minute.
They are both from Molvibazar village of Kamalganj district.
At the meeting, the committee also discussed the ongoing construction of the stadium and especially the pitch. to build a dressing room for the players and an office near the stadium at Pahamsning, Nongkhrah.
Then comes another issue and that is that the khar kaia, they answer that T.4 thousand, which they used to pay for the price of tp, so this will go to the price of synsar and that This is a very shocking statement, because if the synsar costs T.5 lakh per truck, then they will pay more than T.4 thousand and this is a very shocking figure.
Alleging that there will be a lot of tension within the BJP this time, Bah Pala said, “They are disappointed this time.
He came to be a high priest and mediator of a better covenant” (Hebrews 8:6).
This is a 500-year-old place of worship.
Thank you Rilang Khonglam & Rgh.
If you bury the KSIAR, the ksah, the putit, I will take the mohkhiew to go to the field.
Instead of using the powers and skills of the indigenous rulers themselves, the Government of India has established a new power in the form of District Councils in the seventh grade to oversee the implementation of these. the original Authority.
He said that in fact there is a rule that the team shooters have to pay T.10 tyngka per day to the Archery for the Khnam and other fees, and this rule is still in force.
The CRPF has conducted a march, a competition at Nan Polo, a competition and the raising of the flag in many parts of Shillong and Sohra especially at the tourist attractions. to wish the citizens of the state and those who visit the state a happy Independence Day.
Sunday Salahe, Jimmy Wann, Regina Lamo, Margreta Kynjing, Sophia Dohtdong, Dawlupaia Khyriem, Jaminson Lapasam, Phira Dohtdong and others.
He said their lack of cooperation with the government shows that they are afraid because they have the truth to prove that they are government employees.
He said that the arrival of this training center in Mawkyrwat Constituency has been a real encouragement for the students to come here to study here as it has become one of the places. give perfect training.
The MLA of North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, the Sordar of Raid Shabong, Bah Herin Kongngai, the village leaders of Pynter. and others who have been invited.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong and the elders of the Raid Lyngkhat in their meeting held yesterday at Nongtyngur, strongly condemned this unfounded and unfounded allegation. It is only to tarnish and disgrace the name of the Sordar, as has appeared in the media recently.
Utkarsh Small Finance Bank is working hard to provide adequate, technologically efficient, investor-friendly offerings that will lead to reliability, growth, sustainability and social change.
“Last year due to overcrowding we had to seat up to eight children on a bench.
On receiving information, Rupang spoke to the Assistant Rangbah Shnong, Bah Eraldus Lamin, who said that Bah Moris is not yet a member of the village. He said that the village has helped in the search for the man, who has been missing since last night.
Their appeals will be processed before 15th November while the final list of candidates for the District Council elections will be released on 18th November.
According to the Minister of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Marcuise N Marak, the main cause of the water shortage is the power outage.
The KNGCSU also urged him to take admission at Kiang Nangbah Government College to understand the problem.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : Along with 151 Police Officers from all over the country, officers from the Investigation and Intelligence Departments, DSP Pyrkhatlang Suchiang has received the Union Home Minister's Medal. for Excellence in Investigation for the year
In the Under-14 Boys match, Marianhill HSS beat Jowai Presbyterian UPS 2-0
Besides the loss of revenue, the lack of counting of trucks passing through the Weighment Bridges shows that the Transport Department has failed to monitor the movement of overloaded trucks and Nongpoh, Nailur 24: Jaguar FC have become the winners of the Weighment Bridges Tournament. The Ri Khasi Social and Cultural Sports Club (BFC) beat Blue Bombers FC 5-1 in the final match of the 2013 FIFA World Cup on Saturday at the Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoirymbong Lumdaitkhla. sports tournament in the area.
We also send our condolences to his family and pray that God will be with them and comfort them at this time of darkness and especially support and strengthen them. for in the days to come.
On the other hand, the JSM strongly condemns the robbers who were involved in the repair of the EVM machine in Nartiang Constituency. Hills Dist.
He said this after the HYC together with four political parties including HANM, ENJC, JSM and CoRP met with Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah to discuss nine issues of the HYC. the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM).
The report said that nine out of the five weighbridges operated were found to be delayed in paying their annual payments.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that the claim of these UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi, is wrong, because they have also published statements that the party has not but it is his personal will and reason to leave the Party, but the truth is that the reason why he left the Party is because he was too much treated within the Party.
Through these two goals, Smit strengthened the team which did not allow any attempts by Smit's players.
The last thing I want to say is that if we all keep our lives clean, according to the words we have created, that the truth will be true and the no will be no, from First of all, in the conversation and explanation of our relationship with our children, I believe that in the meetings of our two families, there will be no search for reasons, but it will be just one explanation. and to fix the wedding day of our own children.
We hope and believe that the scientists of the world will be successful in their search for a cure to eradicate this infectious disease.
The CEM of KHADC, while talking to media, said that the KHADC together with the engineers, Executive Engineer PWD and Engineers of the Tourism Department , who was present on behalf of the Hima Mawphlang, decided to inspect the Khasi Heritage Village to see how far the work has progressed and to submit a report to the Committee.
The little ones whined, stomping their feet.
I am very sorry that when we bought a new car, it was accused that we bought it with the money collected for the HNLC which as a family we have no share.
Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary of KSU, Sengkmie, Bah Sadon Blah, General Secretary of HNYF, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of RBYF witnessed the public hearing held at Patharkhmah today. , Chief Organizer of FKJGP and other leading party leaders in Ri Bhoi.
“For the benefit of the public, I would like to inform you that in 2016, the government has collected the names of all the Upper Primary teachers and selected those who are eligible to be appointed. A letter has been sent to all the Upper Primary Schools requesting them to appoint them full time, but now they have forgotten.
On the security of the areas threatened with destruction, Marak said the department has directed all districts to be vigilant in this regard.
He said that the residents of Khanduli are not willing to do anything in the area under the jurisdiction of the Karbi but the Karbi are aware that this area falls under the jurisdiction of the Shnong. Khanduli but they are willing to invite and lead their government officials within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli.
Nongstoiñ, November 13: The demand for fish in West Khasi Hills is high, but until now, every market and shop in the villages have to be filled with fish imported from abroad.
Shillong Soccer Scout received a trophy and a cash prize of Rs 15,000, while Merinda SC, the winner of the final, received a cash prize of Rs 7,5
I suggest to Bah Process to look at and read carefully the Fifth Schedule relating to Art 244 (1) which does not go anywhere compared to the powers and safeguards contained in it. The Sixth Schedule, which Bah David himself should read more, to understand and benefit from, than to speak out in the Dorbar, to remove this Schedule. , which is a special protection for us a small nation.
Shillong: The NPP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has sought confirmation from the NPP workers from Mawkyrwat constituency that they will cast 18,000 votes from Mawkyrwat constituency alone in this MP election. and this will ensure that she wins the election.
I was very happy when I heard these news from this Doloi, that we should indeed be the masters of our own country.
It is learned that the motorcycle caught fire after a collision on the highway and while Bah Marbaniang was stopping, he felt that there was a collision in the motorcycle.
We strongly condemn this incident but his accusation against the indigenous people was stupid and unfounded.
He said that the union from the beginning has taken the initiative to talk to the district authorities and has already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi to ensure that the voters from Block II It is with great pleasure that through the provision of security forces by the office of the Deputy Commissioner and the office of the SP of Ri Bhoi, the election of those leaders in the border villages of the Block II was successful and the people without any coercion or intimidation were able to fulfill their duty to elect those leaders without forming any political party candidate.
On the other hand, the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah Alexander S.Mukhim, in his speech, said that the celebration of this day is a sign to remind everyone to understand the importance of water in these days. and at the same time it is also a way to know how to handle rainwater.
On this day, two children with disabilities were given assistance.
In this encounter the rich man wanted to know from Jesus what he should do to have a meaningful life. “Good Teacher, what shall I do to have a meaningful life?” It is clear that life The rich man's wealth, honor, rank and he is also a man who holds fast to religion, customs and laws.
This was announced by the NPP MLA from Kharkutta, Rupert Momin in the Legislative Assembly.
“Regarding this complaint we have received from the people, we both KSU-KC & FKJGP-EJH demand that the government should release all those coal miners who have FKJGP-EJH President M Suting and KSU-KC General Secretary Cherity Suja said in a statement.
Speaking on the occasion, Dohling said that Meghalaya is not the right of any political party.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to rethink the rules for becoming an MLA/MDC. India should also conduct the same types of competitive examinations and interviews as for applicants for UPSC, MPSC or DSC. UPSC IAS or MPSC MCS candidates who have passed MCS can apply for the post of MP/MLA/MDC. MDCs should not have a Class XII or Degree.
The Regional Committees from Assam and Meghalaya will meet in Shillong on Tuesday.
“We urge the people to take the responsibility first of all to clean up the rule of law which has been declining from time to time and to take the responsibility to elect people who are qualified. , morality, knowledge and knowledge,” said the HYC leader.
This is why I say it's not the news.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, Secretary of the HSPDP and Minister of PHE, said that the HSPDP has not yet received the letter sent by the Congress to the political parties. “We have heard that the Congress wants to send a letter to the political parties in the MDA, but so far no political parties have received the letter. If the HSPDP receives such a letter, we will have to consider whether it is necessary to have a discussion”.
The RBDBA invites the youth and other adults to take part.
Speaking to media, EJNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh on Friday demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs should arrest the land owner Lar Bareh and the two operators of the land. This is the place of Bison Shylla and Tiewli Shadap.
Other issues raised by the Governor were that the state government does not have a policy to look after the welfare of the farmers, there is no assistance for the production of agricultural products, there is no adequate market price for wheat, barley, synsar and other vegetables.
He said that of the three, Lependro died while Hendid was injured while another survived.
Synshar received 51.86 percent of the votes cast in the constituency.
Also present at the special service were Tymmenbasan, Rangbah Balang from Iapmala Presbyterian Church, Lumshken, Wah Sarang and Suchen Churches, MDC of the area Dr Sanky Shangpung and others.
“We would like to thank the Childline under the leadership of Bah Kurkalang for not refusing to work with the group even in the middle of the night just by calling them,” said Bah Lakador Syiem.
He said NESO demands that the Indian government should pass a law to protect the indigenous people of the North East to own land, land and natural resources.
Therefore, the party invites all units and supporters to attend.
The Word of God according to Psalm 127:3-4 says “...children are an inheritance from the Lord: and the fruit of the womb is a reward.
Police have arrested the suspect and charged him under Section 5 (n)/6 of the POCSO Act for further investigation at the WPSI DP Nongbri of Nongstoin Women Police Station.
The Ramew, after having provided everything from the plants, the shrubs, the trees, the shrubs, the insects, the birds, the animals, the wild animals.
The RTI requester alleged that both the Mylliem Hima and the KHADC have violated the rules of law.
Earlier, Dr Mukul said it is a fact that the Khasi language is spoken in the state, Assam and Bangladesh and many books have been written in the Khasi language. Prof SS Majaw and Bah Dewi Khongdup also received awards from the Government of India.
Marbud said that the union wants Khasi to get 8 to 10 out of the 19 vacancies in the FCI. The General Manager of FCI said that if there are vacancies, they should fight to be appointed by the indigenous people especially the youth from Mawlai. Speaking today, he said that the agency in charge of the resolution, we don't know the agency and the 10 month lockdown will be just a step. “The FKJGP will meet with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma tomorrow to discuss the issue,” said Marbud.
Lumparing, Mawlai and Laitkor have been unbeaten in their group matches, while PFR have lost once.
We need to turn to God in the midst of this world that is full of darkness.
The Petroleum & Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) has invited electronic bids starting 13th March 2023 and ending on 11th July 2023 for seven GAs under the 12th CGD Bidding Round. and on 23 June 2024 for Mizoram GA, and the PNGRB also plans to complete the handover in June or October
On the other hand, Mylliem constituency is led by the opposition Congress MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh, but Sangma said that once elected, there will be no difference between the ruling constituencies and the ruling constituencies. the constituency of the opposition.
It will arrive...when the time comes you will see who will be there, it will be very clear.
The incident occurred when the child was fishing with his father, Subliansyah, when he fell into a 26 feet long hole.
Marak, Treasurer- Bilrak D.Marak, Finance Secretary- Kong Marvelous Dkhar Fancon, Publicity Secretary- Bah Bankerdonbor Kharbisnop, Assistant Publicity Secretary- Dringstone M.Sangma.
“It is because the people see that there is hope and a government that improves the people that they have won us as a party for three years and if we are corrupt as alleged we will not win one election after another. " she said.
The churches also informed the churches that they can no longer receive assistance schemes such as assistance to the poor, schools but the BJP leader said that the government is still trying to cleanse the Khadar system and there may be a temporary delay here and there.
After the arrival of the executive magistrate, the POs conducted a thorough search at the scene and later found the body of an unidentified person with bullet marks lying at the scene. Police have recovered an AK Series rifle, 3 non-electric detonators, an AK rifle magazine, 4 gelatine sticks and 34 rounds of ammunition. 7.62 mm empty cartridge cases, a plate, 22 9 mm empty cartridge cases and a knife. taken by the police in the presence of independent witnesses in accordance with the rules of law.
We hold our degrees like medals that cannot fill the gap.
The ASPIRE program is one of the training opportunities for the youth in many areas besides schooling and others.
In the last election on 27.2.2023, it was very turbulent.
Lary Kordor Kharkrang, Member of the Ri-Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd., said that about 25 foreign sailors came to participate in the competition. Three candidates from Meghalaya will contest in the Professional Category and eight candidates will contest in the Intermediate Category.
Major Rowlatt had done too much; he ordered that all the sticks be cut down and burned, and this officer was known as the stieh burning officer.
It is the foundation to support and protect the rights of all religions.
She said that in fact the Prime Minister and other Ministers rush to Delhi almost every month , they should have brought the bill to the people to prove that it has been repealed The Garo Hills District has asked why there is no copy of the Act in the state.
Boney's movable assets are T.20,03,610, while his wife has T.39,87,939.00 and he has completed his Masters Degree in Mathematics from North Eastern Hills University in the year 1982.
No one can deny that the prayer of the faithful and righteous is powerful.
The Under-16 Boys Football League 2024 will now resume.
There will be nine bouts on the day, and Shanborlang will face Kumar Gurung of Arunachal Pradesh in the Super-Fly Weight category.
In another development, the team managers in Polo, have also complained about the government's increase in the price of the license fee, license renewal fee and the tax on the shooting; However, it is learned that in these days, it has been refused to renew the licenses of those who shoot at Polo, because the government wants to run smoothly, from Laitlyngkot.
Shillong: Sohra received 289.6 millimeters of rainfall in the last 24 hours, Shillong 150.6 mm and Umiam 103.4 mm.
We have tried our best to talk to the residents as well as various groups to resolve this issue as soon as possible, so that the government can implement this Phase-III soon. Marak said the reason for the land dispute is because they are not allowed to install water pipes.
We shall immediately hear from him the words, "No, no, no," even when it is wrong, or when there is a reason to blame anyone.
Any eating or drinking within the events should be avoided.
Meanwhile, the mother has not been found by the police and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 6: The construction of the Polytechnic at Mawrusyiar Nongstoiñ, has been suspended for more than two years, due to the stinginess of the government in paying the contractors. building of the school.
The deceased was identified as Ba Lyngdoh.
Even in Shillong, there have been some people who have used electric vehicles or motorcycles especially in East Khasi Hills District where there have been 74 electric vehicles.
During the inspection, HANM found that the owner of the workshop, Ma Dinus Siangshai, used to take them by four buses every day to the workplace.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 21: The 6th Mini Amur Falcon Festival was held at the Tyrso Village Sports Ground.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today said he strongly supports the proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) and said that every Muslim woman should be able to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC). I don't want this law to be implemented.
The winners of these five groups will qualify for the quarter final on the 6th of this month and the semi final on the 8th.
The issue of Reservation Policy and Roster System has come up again after the stirring of the VPP MLAs in the Assembly and especially after the VPP did not have the opportunity to discuss the issue properly through the motion passed. However, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit did not speak during the Budget Session.
Let us open our eyes now, to turn away from these financial and other scientific methods of those who seek our support; but to ask carefully, among the candidates standing in my constituency, which of them have the qualities of true leadership, honesty and integrity in their lives and work.
However, if planted to feed the cows with riewhadem rye after being placed in silos for three or four months as mentioned above, it is best to harvest when the symbols are ripe.
On the other hand, the residents of the village expressed their gratitude and congratulations to the MLA, for the works have been carried out as he promised.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawïongrim, Bah Sorbar L Nongpiur, said that the shopkeepers of Mawïongrim Village, Bah Sorbar L Nongpiur, have banned the shopkeepers from selling goods in this area. They are in great trouble because they have not been able to pay since they were suspended.
Thank you, and think about the poor khiewja.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today issued an order to temporarily close down the CHC, Mawsynram, due to the confirmation of a positive case of covid-1 hospital, from 3rd to 5th March 2020, to search for others who are infected and to clean up the hospital.
Shillong: The NEHU Workers' Union (NEHU) today announced that it will intensify its strike. They have been on strike which will start tomorrow.
The union demands that the Government should create mechanisms to implement the demands of ASHAs to receive adequate pay according to their work, and to include them in the MHIS for free treatment. and their other demands.
Despite the difficulties in getting adequate stadiums due to the natural disasters, the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) will get an indoor cricket training ground at Kurkalang Ground, Bhoirymbong, Bhutan. Ri Bhoi District.
Regarding the claim that Mukroh Village falls within Block-1, the Waheh Shnong said that Mukroh Village does not fall within Block-1 but falls within the boundary of Jaintia Hills District. Regarding the Assam report that Mukroh falls under the jurisdiction of Jrikyndeng Police Station, the Waheh Shnong said that Mukroh falls under the jurisdiction of Nartiang Police Station. Station, West Jaintia Hills District.
Dr Saikia was accompanied by BJP Meghalaya State President David Kharsati, BJP Meghalaya State President W. Marbaniang and other BJP leaders. in Upper New Nongstoiñ, where many people and members from all over the villages including youth, women and elderly people attended the meeting.
There is no need to talk about kajor, but turn to the jhur that the poor eat such as rice, kubi and others. The price is between 50 to 60 tyngka in the market while in other parts of the city the price is long 70 to 80 tyngka per kilo.
A person cannot receive the Gifts of the Holy Spirit unless he first cleanses himself from all sins.
However, if fertilizers are applied, they should be applied when the plant is still young and strong.
The Women of North East Support Network was established in 2020 during the COVID 19 pandemic with the aim of bringing together the communities of the region.
In addition to these long journeys, the player has also played for Goa in the AFC Champions League, the biggest league in Asia.
It is time for the government to think again and relocate the marten to other parts of the city which are government land, he said.
On the other hand, the Seng urges the government authorities to provide immediate assistance to this family.
If Biden refuses to extend the deadline, England will have to fly from the country by high-speed flights.
The Khasi Language (1st Edition 2001).
Therefore, the union urges the government authorities to upgrade this PHC to CHC so that it can provide better services to the people of the area. ahead.
This is an annual pilgrimage by the people of the traditional religion to encourage and strengthen the destiny of the nation to escape from the dangers and enemies that God will destroy. by.
“Earlier, the Congress used to ask for money from Delhi and took only the first installment and did not give UC because they did not use the money properly,” he said. NDA in power, they don't want to ask for money.
Many of the local engineers who have passed various line engineers have not been employed yet.
Bah Ermain Ranee, Service Provider of Swer IVCS at 12 Shnong-Laikroh C & RD Block, East Khasi Hills District.
In the second match between Iakyntu FC Ladmukhla and Soil Department, Iakyntu FC Ladmukhla beat Soil Department 3-1
To achieve this goal, Bah Titos Chyne promised that the District Council will allocate T.10 lakh for the construction and beautification of the View Point.
The Municipality has also developed methods for recycling used plastic with the assistance of private factories in the area.
He said that for the needs of drinking water supply in these areas and even within the constituency, the allocation of funds is not less than T.150 crore to be implemented.
Speaking to media, Chyne said the KHADC stands on the same ground that it will not issue NOC for the construction of the railway line in Byrnihat Ri Bhoi District.
According to the Board, this is the first time that the MSPCB has issued this form for approval from the Board before mining coal.
And I commanded your judges at that time, saying, Hear the causes between your brethren, and judge righteously between every man and his brother, and the stranger that is with him.
Alleging that there is a secret plot to arrest the HNLC leaders, Bah Nongtraw said; “If Bah Tynsong says that this decision of the court is only a way to implement, does this mean that if the chairman or general secretary receives the arrest order, the government will not arrest him. the power to intervene because of the difference in power between the executive and the judiciary? If the government doesn't accept any decision, then this is a shrip plan that hasn't been implemented.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions including shooting competition, bike and cycle riding and others.
Leaders and members of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) who went to Saba village in Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District to inspect the police out post built by Assam have been attacked and shot dead by suspects. They are not from the Karbi people.
At the announcement of his new film Selfie, Akshay said he is deeply saddened by the allegation by many that he is not a native of this country and sometimes he feels foreign when he thinks about it.
However, as time went by, the violence increased after about three gypsy vehicles were burnt down.
Jesus did not allow anyone to be called Father or Reverend because there is no Father or Reverend except Jesus alone.
We hope you reach the goal.
On the other hand, it was found that in Meghalaya, there is a shortage of weigh-bridges and weigh-pads to weigh freight vehicles.
The NHAI has already allocated T.24 crore to the PWD department for the repair of this road, but at present they have allocated only T.5 crore in June for the repair of those parts that have been damaged. The remaining parts will be implemented in April this year, when the weather is favourable, said MM Sun Secretary PWD of the Government of Meghalaya.
Dr LR Bishnoi expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister for this congratulation and for his continued advice and encouragement in the fight against alcoholism.
He said to Jumreit, “Kynum, take good care of Tongsoh, I will come back one day.
In the second half, both the teams played hard, Iewduh Sports Club struggled to score but MLP Football Team also managed to score until the end of the first half. turns into a step without scoring a goal.
“How do the managing committees feel if the government takes over them, how do we feel if someone comes and takes over the job that we own, that cannot happen,” said Dr. Men.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (RIPDP) Ri Muliang Zone on Saturday 21st October 2022 held a meeting to rally the supporters for the upcoming elections. At the hall of St John Higher Secondary School Nongkroh, where the youth, elderly and women leaders of other parties who came to join the HSPDP were welcomed. They are from different villages in Mawlangsu Zone, Rimuliang Zone, Rambrai Zone and Nongtrai Zone.
Therefore, the growth of many churches is a way for all to reach heaven.
He said the government should allocate all the revenue from vehicles to GHADC like JHADC. “According to our information, JHADC receives 100 percent revenue from vehicles, while KHADC receives 100 percent revenue from vehicles. “We demand 100 percent revenue from GHADC,” he said.
Agnes said in the FIR that the police team led by Bruno fired about 5 to 7 bullets in which the two youths were seriously injured. They were taken to hospital while they were still injured, but the police shot them until they died.
MK Singh and Vivenkananda Rathore SP Tura are the people of the Prime Minister and they were appointed with the intention of shooting me according to the information I have received,” said Bernard. They were given the authority to shoot me and arrest BJP supporters. As soon as I saw Singh, I knew they were planning something so I fled.
According to the opinion of many of the residents of the state, the graves and the introduction of the empty camp is a threat to the families involved in it. called Tim.
So far, 7,971 people have been confirmed infected with the virus.
The lynniar of the border, the lynniar of the khar thor, the lynniar of many difficulties, even the water supply has been shut down, the electricity has become dark, and so on. Let us wait, what will happen in Bengal, will it affect the paid troh money? In Bengal, it is no longer only hundreds, thousands or lakhs of people who have joined a few leaders.
For Tura, Harshit Prasad scored more than a half century for 72 off 35 balls but the team managed to score only 143/8 in 20 overs.
The MI 17 V5 is the first helicopter launched by the Army in the country. The helicopter is equipped with all the necessary equipment used in firefighting. .
Thus, as a young woman, she understood that something was wrong with her.
Don't vote for those who don't have money.
A sacrifice is very pleasant.
The spirit of Don Bosco must grow stronger in our hearts so that the goal can be achieved.
Rangdajied had many chances to score for Shillong Lajong but Wanteilang Malngiang managed to catch and save.
Lakhon Laloo, Treasurer, Rtn.
During the meeting, there was a clash between the KSU members and the army chiefs and the clash lasted for a long time.
Jowai, Naitung 02: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) on Saturday held a celebration at HK Singh School, Jowai with the participation of SURE staff. On the other hand, Rev.Dr.H.H.Mohrmen Secretary of SURE in his speech said that within this group there are workers from different religions, so it is necessary to take part in the celebration of any religion. .
The Dorbar Shnong Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills has decided to close the entry and exit through Khanduli Village from 4 am on Saturday until the gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) is opened. of Candlestick.
do not end up with 0,1, or
On the other hand, the village leaders, today expressed their gratitude that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised that before they come to inspect these villages, the government authorities will inform them first. Village Leaders, in order to discuss and train on this issue.
India's independence from the British in 1947 also gave birth to Pakistan.
A source from JACATAM said that they have received information that the Prime Minister has ordered them to meet the CS to discuss their issues as announced in these days.
It is learned that the man fell down while sitting in the service at 1.30 pm.
He said other MLA schemes that the government has provided through the leaders to help the people are the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) of T.2,50,000 per annum, the Construction of Rural Road Program (CRRP) of T. .5 lakh per annum, the MP scheme for development works in villages and others.
In another report, BSF troops in Gumaghat, South West Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya, seized 87.59 cft of cubit timber and several siej worth T.93,000/- last night. who were planning to smuggle from India to Bangladesh and while they were planning to clear the Jadukata River.
This is a license period of 3 1⁄2 years or 42 months or 1260 days.
On the same day, a football friendly match was played between Hingaria SC and Youngstar Sport Club, Huroi. you jar shi goal.
What I want to say is that, of course, it is true that we can eliminate the corruption and evils that we see in our society and even improve our income. but we must not forget that while our various institutions in society are run by a person who is full of shortcomings and corruption, he will continue to try his best to implement the corrupt practices of u in a new way of working.
He said:- Is it true that the Municipal covers several areas of the city and in the area under its supervision, there are signs of progress in some areas.
In turn, Mizoram tied first and scored 144 runs, to which Meghalaya replied with 145 runs.
“I am pleased to hear the story of the school which has produced many scholars in the past years,” said the OC. life when they go to school to become human beings.
Of course, the Policy cannot do everything but it will help in many areas for the development of agriculture.
Quoting from the Quran, Owaisi said, “I invite you, Bhagwat Sahab, to read the Quran.
The people living in this area are mostly farmers who grow tympew and kwai and the market they used to visit is only in Umtyrngar. There are about 17 villages in this area. within the Mylliem Hima of the Marwet Raid.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The High Court of Meghalaya has dismissed the case of Tennydard R. Marak against the election of Marcuis R. Marak, MLA of Williamnagar. state government.
At 12 o'clock when the members and leaders of the HYC arrived at the venue, they were not allowed to hold a meeting there and were sent to the Laban Sport Club ground, which is located at the Red Cross.
Shisha, shisha, if you don't have a Tang tribe, you will lose your Khasi tribe.
Hearing a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by the Gau Gyan Foundation, an organization working to protect and preserve cows, the High Court on Tuesday issued the order.
Sokon explained that in the rural areas, if a person dies, is wounded or has any other work, the public works and helps voluntarily without paying money while in the city, everyone has to pay.
Take the outer parts of the aloe vera leaves and grind well until jelly forms, apply to your face until they stick to the skin and rinse after a few minutes.
“Besides, Bah Tynsong also criticized Bah Ardent's claim that the VPP will replace all the political parties in Meghalaya.
As soon as the robbery was completed, the robbers fled into the forest, after seeing that there were many vehicles passing through the road.
They were accompanied by BJP State Chief Spokesperson Mariahom Khrakrang, State Vice President Gagan Jain and party members.
The Non-Gazetted Employees Association (NEA) has promised to strike from next month but has postponed it as the Council will hold its Budget Session on Monday. for the allocation of funds to various departments.
The union has taken this decision so that the delivery of food items in the area will not be disrupted and also so that the delivery of patients will not be disrupted due to the deterioration of this road.
Sylvia, has lodged a complaint with the Mawlai Police Station, regarding the loss of T.60,000 from the bank, which was also published in Rupang on July , on this news.
Iawpaw FC struggled to score but couldn't.
The villagers, carrying sticks, went to speak against the farmers, who gathered at the place and there, there was a stone throwing from both sides, but after a while, it was stopped. no, by those guards who are there to guard the farmers.
“You have been directed to submit your reply and explanation to the DC's office on or before 1st November and if you do not comply, legal action will be taken against you”.
At this meeting, the speakers congratulated Mawkhar SC for winning the Shillong Premier League title.
" That is true that there is no one because others are pastors only in one church.
In the match on Saturday, Touchline NE Cubs and Mawlatbah SC Hawks won two matches.
That's the duty of the leaders, that's the responsibility of the leaders, not to shake those who have been stoned, beaten with sticks, beaten with sticks, injured, in the end nothing happened," he said. said Mr. Paul.
He said that the foundations of the UDP and HSPDP are strong and as the RDA, the party has elected the candidate for the MP election by sending Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin is a young man who has no knowledge and understanding of the laws and if elected as MP he will be a true legislator and the pride of the nation.
During the inspection, he said that the hospital does not have electricity and the solar panel in the hospital is not working and the hospital has to sit in darkness.
We can say that it is the bloodline of our region.
Recently, the National Highways & Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd.
“This poster is to send a message to the Prime Minister and the Union Home Minister.
Daniel Stone L Nonglait, speaking to reporters on Tuesday.
“The purpose of this is to ensure that the illegal coal trade in cross-border trucks should be seized along with the goods overloaded on the National and State Highways,” he said. He added that the state has been directed to look into this matter so that the illegal trade in coal in the state can be stopped.
These days, the Khlam is a destruction of the environment, pride, greed and greed as well as evils including alcoholic beverages and also the discrimination against the weak.
The union has urged the government to take the lead in explaining to the central government that Meghalaya needs the ILP. He said that the MRSSA 2016 will not be implemented because it is still a law and cannot prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. implementation of MRSSA
He scored in the 26th, 30th, 36th, 42nd, 69th and 75th minutes.
Those parties that protested against the formation of the Government, have also vowed to turn to the Governor's residence to prevent the HSPDP MLAs from joining the NPP. other parties who have decided to support the formation of a new Government.
Referring to a statement by Himanta Biswa Sharma on social media X, he said that the Food & Processing Department through its website, has made it clear to the company and the people that it is involved.
“The State Government is ready to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) as it is and in view of the needs, the Government has sought the support of the Central Government to meet the needs. the schools in the State".
Sangma said the government has renamed ABP Road in Batti Bazar in Laban as Roland Lyngdoh Road, Sylhetipara Road in Laban as Krepsing Swer Road and Jackson Trace Road in Lower Lumparing as Melington Kharkongor Road.
This was revealed in the report titled 'National Multidimensional Poverty Index (MPI): A Progress Review 2023' released by the Niti Aayog on 17th November.
The donation of these sopti by this woman is to encourage the children of the village and the club.
Other speakers at Thomas Jones were Bah B.Kharmalki, General Secretary Meghalaya Users Forum who urged the youth to avoid drugs as much as possible, while Hame Shaniah Suiam, International Kick Boxer and National Gold Medalist has spoken on the theme 'To succeed in life without drugs'
The school has turned its attention to find ways to improve education and bring about quality education according to the NEP 2020. The school has built a better classroom. Specially for the purpose of assisting students from Nursery to Class-III, which is known as Foundational Literacy & Numeracy, to provide practical learning, activities based teaching and through ICT (Information Technology) The classroom was inaugurated by Mary Lynrah, State Pedagogy Co-Ordinator, SSA-SEMAM in the presence of PL Nonglait, DSEO Ri-Bhoi District. Ordinator, Bharti Foundation, Bah Vincent Nianglang, District.
The Prime Minister said that the suspect has escaped from the police and the search is ongoing to arrest him.
Another match between Shillong Cricket Association and West Khasi Hills Cricket Association has been canceled due to heavy rain.
On this occasion, the woman asked the authorities and wanted to know whether the village leaders have the authority to do so. Besides, the government authorities have already come to resolve this issue but it is still happening.
Seeds are part of the foods that can benefit weight loss due to their high protein and fiber content.
“I don't know why the people who are threatening me are threatening me but I am the person elected by the people of Pynursla and I am here to provide full service to the people of the state.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the idea of ​​establishing another university in the state at the same price as other states has never existed as it is now.
Does the current massacre of babies, children in Gaza have anything to do with the story at the time of the birth of the Baby Jesus? Over two thousand years ago, at the time of Jesus' birth, Palestine was under the rule of the Roman Empire and the ancient Roman Empire ruled and exercised power like other world powers that oppressed the children of the people. who are governed.
The Ksehrynshang Namdong Tourist Driver & Owner Association (KNTD&OA) which was established in 2015 under the theme 'Kamai dei hok' has donated assistance to the disabled people in 11 different villages. Mynsngat-Khanduli Constituency.
This second criterion is the most important because it measures the length of time of Indigenous migration in the area.
Khad Ar Daloi Law College, Jowai and Shillong Law College, Shillong have been the two schools that have secured first and second positions in the LL.B examination of NEHU in
Meanwhile, the owners have agreed to temporarily close down as demanded by the residents and union leaders.
Shillong: There have been 268 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, while 142 have recovered.
"The court also noted that the respondent State Government had exhibited issued and amended notices in order to overcome the defects in the earlier notice referred to by the court in the judgment dated 17th January, 2020, and the new notice is not personally binding on the plaintiff.
The disease is through the witnesses that we see the loss of precious souls in the state , the country and the world as a whole and we must not be stingy at all or play games if we want to overcome it All these will be the same as before the lockdown to freedom of movement, work and so on.
“Therefore, it will take a long time,” he said and explained that there is a rule that if the new arrangement becomes law, it can be implemented in the next Assembly. even.
Perhaps it will be a memorable story for the party as a whole, because after winning the MDC election, he has now won the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: Kamrils Film Production will screen the film “Ka Pap” from the 7th to the 13th of this month at Bijou Cinema Halls for four screenings. 30 am to 7:00 pm.
Dilip Ghosh, the BJP leader in West Bengal, said that drinking cow's milk is not harmful, as he too used to drink it.
Thus we can assume that the Khasi had migrated before they came to settle in these hills of Bri Hynniewtrep.
The CEM said that if the RRC is operational, the garbage whether rotten or non-rotten can be marketed and sold and this will bring income rather than just breaking it. long everything is called marten.
As part of the celebration of World No Tobacco Week, Tep Kyndait Government School Tuber Kmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District has held a rally to fight against smoking.
All four members have sent the decision of the meeting to the president and secretary of the UDP for information.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has extended a curfew for 19 hours from 23rd July 2018 from 5 pm to 12 noon. The order will remain in force from 12 noon to 5 pm until further notice.
Those interested can register through: For more information phone: 1800-345-3644 (from 8am – 8pm during office hours).
For Class-XI, 1st prize went to Samaira Mishra of Army Public School, Shillong, 2nd prize went to Medhavi Kapoor of BSF Senior Secondary School and 3rd prize went to Jahnvi Shukla of Kendriya Vidyalaya (Happy Valley). ) Shillong.
Therefore, it is necessary to lay the foundation for the children in the right direction so that their future will be bright.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The MSME Export Promotion Council (MSME-EPC) on Thursday invited and urged the private sector residents of Meghalaya who wish to stand on their own feet by forming a company. It is not our responsibility to come forward to provide assistance in many ways.
Nongsiej said that if the people of the state allow the NPP to rule once again, where will the nation go because in the past they used to say that the Garo are muid.
“I never thought that I would get this rank even after I finished writing the examination,” said Daiairi Nongrem.
When the reporters visited these 7 villages, they found that the residents have to walk for 2 to 4 hours to reach a village which has a road. the village of Kongthong.
The expectations of the parents were fulfilled.
The family requests and urges the authorities and the law enforcement agencies to fight hard to find, investigate and arrest the people involved in the murder of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, so that others “Through the assistance of the authorities who have the authority to track down the thieves, it will be the protection of the citizens and the happiness of the country and the nation as a whole” How to Follmoon Kharsahnoh, a resident of Larnai, West Jaintia Hills District, has been killed by unidentified robbers on the 16th of this month. The body of a tourist taxi driver from Jowai-Shillong was found at Mynkre village on the road to Amrit Cement. The incident occurred at around 2 pm after passing through the Lumshnong toll gate.
I believe that through home worship these days there will be many who will truly repent.
Besides, Angela Ryngad said that out of the 36 people who have registered to receive 700 tyngka from the government, only 5 people have received only 700 tyngka.
Such Khasi are people who want to forcibly reduce the Khasi land.
The 12 MDCs who have joined the PDF are HS Shylla MDC from Nongkrem, Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC from Mawkynrew, Latiplang Kharkongor MDC from Nongthymmai, Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC from Mawkyrwat and Arbinus Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat. Umroi MDC James Sylliang MDC Mawhati, Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken, LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoiñ, Morningstar Mawsor MDC Mawshynrut, Blanding Warjri MDC Mawthadraishan, Victor Rani MDC Jirang and James Ban Basaiaw MDC Mawhati. the Mawkhar-Pinthor.
Bah Kyntiewshaphrang said that the theft of questions is not only at Tura Centre, but there are many places where questions have been stolen and this shows that the conduct of the examination is not fair.
The main reason why Modi and Amit Shah came to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA-II government of Conrad Sangma is to convey the message to the whole of India that Meghalaya is one. The BJP has agreed to give its full trust to the BJP by joining the NPP. The whole world will know now that only Muslims are left behind. , Christians have now joined and given their trust to the BJP party. This is a terrible plot for the people of Meghalaya especially our Khasi-Jaintia.
Nongpoh, June 09: The Meghalaya Weightlifting Association (MHA) has announced that it will hold a men's and women's silver lifting tournament to select youngsters who have the talent and ability to lift silver in preparation for Meghalaya. Games will be held on 2nd June
Speaking to media, Prestone said that in the decision of the state government on the Christmas Carol, there was a misunderstanding in which the government allowed the Christmas Carol. Christmas Carol performances will be conducted by various churches in places designated by the churches.
She said she came to know about the incident after her daughter confessed to her in June,
Inflation in Britain is expected to average 6.8% this year, according to the IMF, down from 9.1% in
The incident occurred after the death of a fellow student of hers who committed suicide by drinking bih on the 4th of this month. The Director of the HOD and the teacher of the school have lost their lives because of it.
