On the part of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said, “We are delighted to celebrate this Olympic Day and promote the spirit of sports and physical activity through this event. Olympic Day Run in Shillong
The teachers' meeting held on Saturday also decided not to take part in the celebration of Teachers' Day and requested all the teachers who received the awards not to take the awards. award on that day.
After checking the bank accounts, phone calls and other documents of the accused, the CID found that Ray had received 2 lakh tyngka from the family members of the accused. accused of rape," police said.
That is why God says, “Pray for the peace of Jerusalem” (Psalm 122:6).
Speaking to reporters at the conference hall of Infinity Restaurant, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, Ma Balen said that the appointment of Kyrshan Dkhar as president is misleading to the people. to challenge the activities of the AJCCTA and take a strong decision.
In our democracy, a foreigner, a foreigner and a raiot cannot be a leader in our country.
We have survived the COVID-19 pandemic, we have succeeded in the struggle to maintain peace and stability and to resolve the pending issues in the field of education, health, electricity, water supply and infrastructure," he said.
It also directed that the ban on construction along the rivers will continue until the State can take action on this issue by introducing more comprehensive rules.
“The Nokmas should take responsibility to strengthen the old system of governance, which is acceptable and in accordance with the Sixth Schedule,” he said.
Ebrahim Raisi, 63, is from Mashhad.
The body of Ebansara Mawrie, 27, resident of Rynjah, was found behind ITI Rynjah in a stream separating Rynjah and Law. -Eg.
“The Son of man (Jesus) is Lord even of the sabbath day” Matthew 12:8
Police seized the kwai from the smugglers after the arrest of five suspects – three from Assam, one from Rajasthan and one from Manipur.
The old buildings in this area from the temple of Borkhat, Kamsing are still there.
For new clubs who wish to join the WJDSA, the door is open until the 31st of this month.
He said that the Council has the authority to issue Transit Pass to import goods from abroad but M/S Lucy Sawkmie has violated the law and has issued an illegal challan. On this basis, the union demands that the CEM should cancel the license to M/S Lucy Sawkmie because she has not complied with the rules and has misused the license. power only for personal gain.
The training was sponsored by the MSSDS in collaboration with the IQAC of Kiang Nangbah Government College Jowai from 6th March 2022 to 6th July
The road from Umwang to Umtlih is very narrow and causes problems in coming and going, while the lack of health facilities causes problems when you get sick.
Speaking to media, after leaving the office of the General Manager, Samla Donaldson said that the lack of network in Pynursla area has been going on for many months. you are not allowed to visit.
Police, when they went to investigate the incident, found that the suspects had thrown petrol bombs in a bottle.
Furthermore, the main source of the meirad, whether she has or does not have a brother, is from the same village.
The Chinese authorities have decided to evacuate these people while the situation in the city is not yet improving.
“The MPCC President has left for Delhi today and we will know the outcome of the interview with the AICC leaders when he returns from Delhi,” he said.
Rick doesn't want to be a criminal anymore because he has decided to live a happy life with his girlfriend, Divya.
We are beginning to understand the severity of the drought.
This was announced by the Registrar General of the High Court of Meghalaya.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on 7th June 2020, has approved the introduction of the Administrator Rule in the Khasi District Council after the Meghalaya government saw a paid dispute between the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) The UDA is led by Teinwell Dkhar and the UDF is led by Latiplang Kharkongor.
The Khasi since the beginning of the world has been a clean and hygienic person and he has thought about his health. Khamjur went to the traditional healer.
However, before the police and Custom personnel could reach the scene, the suspects fled the scene.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 01: The Dorbar Shnong and KSU, Arphewmer Circle today visited the Toll Plaza in Pahammawlei due to the negligence of the Manager of the Toll Plaza in Pahammawlei. They expressed their opposition by temporarily banning the collection of taxes from public vehicles and that there was a stir until the police arrived to allow the company to collect taxes from public vehicles.
The teams and dates for which Meghalaya will play are as follows: Meghalaya vs Vidarbha, March 8; Meghalaya vs Pondi cherry, March 10; Meghalaya vs Manipur, March 12; Meghalaya vs Tamil Nadu, March 14; Meghalaya vs Maharashtra, March 16.
When it reopens, will the meat vendors increase the price of beef? If so, it means that they just want to get a cow and not a cow as they say.
The way you know said Yahshua “I am the way” Yahshua is the way to heaven Only He and only He is the way to heaven said Yahshua I am the way, the truth and the life.
The Minister also distributed awards to Previan Lapasam of Sohkymphor, who won the State Award as Master Craftsman. D Family SHG from Khliehriat East, Poor SHG from Latyrke, Ïakhihlang Village Organizations (VO) from Dkhiah East and Laidong Village Organization (VO) from Narwan. /- (Ninety-Two Lakh Fifty Three Thousand Five Hundred Types) to the Village Organizations (VOs) in the district and also a loan of T 1,03,50,000/- (one crore). , 350,000 tyngka) for 35 Self Help Groups (SHGs) in the district. Wahsarang was also awarded the Best Implementation of Mission Amrit Sarovar, VEC under Wapung C&RD Block and Minister VEC under Saipung C&RD Block.
With this victory, the Shillong Cricket Association has qualified for the final of the U-19 Girls Inter. District Cricket Tournament 2023.
The Minister of State for Electricity, AT Mondal, has urged to review the subsidy of T.7.5 crore per mega watt for small power generation projects. 1 MW to 25 MW, in which the Union Minister of Electricity, RK Singh has also agreed to look into this as soon as possible.
Reports of the preparations of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) to revive the government have caused fear especially among the residents of Garo Hills.
The illegal census continued and once again in 2019 the MHA has illegally censused the HNLC on the grounds that it is an independence movement from India and that it is a threat. the country and that its activities affect the peace and stability of the entire region.
The party also promised to stand by them and demand from the government to provide benefits for them.
On the other hand, the leader of the society, D Dhar, said that they will wait until the day the MSPCB conducts the test and after receiving the result, the SEPSD and if found that the factory pollutes the air. will take tough decisions related to environmental protection law.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, FKS President, FKS President, FKS President, W Syiem, General Secretary, FKS. (By MM Thaiang) Jowai: The new church at Raliang, Mowkyndeng Parish, Raliang District, has been inaugurated by the Sirdar Hima Nongpoh. Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, was present to witness the opening ceremony of the Bilet Tariang. The opening ceremony was attended by Garod LNS Dykes, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth, Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Comingone Ymbon, Doloi Chawas Lyngdoh, Doloi Elaka Raliang. Saron Paswet MDC Jowai South, Additional District Magistrate R. Manner, Fathers, Sisters, Raliang Elaka leaders who were invited and hundreds of believers from Mowkyndeng Parish and abroad.
The CCP has arrested the driver of the vehicle and the investigation is ongoing.
“The glory is not mine but God's because I have walked a difficult path.
Those who violate this order will be punished under Section 188 IPC, she said.
This was announced by Bah E Khonglam, Information Secretary, FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle.
Many of the residents who come from distant villages like Jaintia, Rambrai, Maw Kyrwat, who go to look for shops around the country cannot find them and have to stand in line at another resort near the church to go. buy food because you have found the famine, because the farmers don't know how long the traffic jam will last.
When asked whether the party's decline is due to too many national parties, Dr Jemino Mawthoh said there are many reasons.
Three persons including Johar Uddin, 45, Md. Sukur Ali, 50 and Akbar Ali, 35, were buried in the ground in Keating Road, Shillong.
“There are still many well-established leaders and politicians who will join the NPP, there are still many MLAs who will join the NPP,” said Conrad. Prestone said he was not happy.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 3 new cases have been confirmed today while 6 cases have recovered.
The Supreme Court, in these cases, has ruled that reservation of jobs for the backward classes SC/ST/OBC should apply for posts and not for vacancies.
Polling in Williamnagar has been suspended following the killing of Jonathone Sangma, who was killed in an IED blast on 18th June 2018, ahead of polling day on 27th June .
Das was shot dead by Assistant Sub-Inspector Gopal Das, who was arrested by the police immediately after the incident.
Poonam Sinha will contest on the Samajwadi Party (SP) ticket with the support of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP).
Now it is clear that Daniel's prophecy of the 70 weeks is true.
The more we speak, the more the tension increases," he said.
However, if you are involved in healthy food choices, daily exercise and self-care, you can have a strong impact on the absorption of these vitamins and minerals.
Saumya Mining Pvt.
Speech was also delivered by the MLA of Nongstoin, Bah D.Jyndiang, who expressed his special congratulations to Dr.A.Pariong for returning to the party. The party will become stronger and stronger in the Nongstoin Constituency.
The mother of Barack Obama, the President of the United States, the world's most powerful country, is a European, and his father is a European from Kenya, Africa.
Four and a half years since the MDA government came to power under the leadership of the NPP party, the people have seen and experienced its policies.
She said that such a cell was first established in 1984 in Mumbai and has now spread across the country to help women in difficult situations.
The Prime Minister's team defeated Baichung Bhutia's team in a friendly match at Polo Ground this afternoon.
To speak, many people at that time did not know much about the existence of the Khasi in India but it was as time went by that they became more intelligent through education.
While you're there.
The Syiem of Raid Nongtung said that Meghalaya has been reluctant to accept about 15 villages and for this reason, Assam has taken advantage.
After receiving detailed information, the Crime Intelligence Branch (CIB) of the Railway Protection Force (RPF), in collaboration with the New Bongaigaon GRP, conducted a search operation at a They also seized 2 pistpl.
Recently, Telengana through the State Election Commission has tried to link the Aadhaar number with the voter name and found that about 2.2 million voter names have been lost. is the name of the famous badminton player Jwala Gutta.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Chief Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynai Sing Syiem, has lodged a complaint with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. Shillong Civil Hospital staff to treat the woman until she died.
Tourists are eager for eco-tourism or to enjoy nature and its surroundings.
He also expressed happiness that in India fairy tales are derived from the country’s diverse cultures.
Their mobile phones are expensive and they are addicted to cigarettes.
WA Sangma, CM of Meghalaya, who are all from the Congress Party, has appointed a Boundary Committee under Chief Justice YV Chandrachud of the Supreme Court and Chief Justice VS Deshpande of the Delhi High Court to assist in the hearing and resolution. the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
The epicenter borders the neighboring plate and is about 80 km east of Guwahati, 132 km east of Shillong and 180 km west of Jorhat, the NCS said. Seven earthquakes, measuring between 3.2 and 4.7 on the Richter Scale, were heard, lasting for two and a half hours after the quake.
In another development, the Defense Minister, Dr S Jaishankar, today said that the troops on the border are armed.
At the same time, he said the HSPDP and UDP will continue to work together in the MDC elections as in the MLA elections.
The soil is soft and has nothing inside and some of those who viewed the picture on the facebook page of Bah Bianglad, called it “blue cake”.
After they have visited for the first time, they need to report if they have to visit for the second time.
He said that the road construction project in the village is still in dire need, but when he met with the officers of the PWD department, they said that it will take a while.
For more information please call
It was also found through this discussion that many of these plants are suitable for cultivation and that there is no problem in getting seeds as the farmers are still planting seeds themselves.
In the past 24 hours alone, eight people have died.
At the same time, the Minister informed that this decision of the Government will not apply only if these Heads of Government go abroad to receive awards on behalf of the Government of Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PN Syiem said that the election of the Lyngdoh should be by consensus and not just by election of friends or politics.
The meeting was also on the order of the State Government to reopen the tourist attractions in the State and Sohra is a prominent tourist attraction and many will come as soon as it is opened.
“Righteousness is the only path that leads everyone's life to God the Creator”.
The Prime Minister and Government Ministers lit a fire at the dongmusa to mark the festival.
The report said that the money was also deposited as fixed deposits in Axis Bank and HDFC Bank.
In his speech, he said that he didn't find himself like other wealthy people but he came from a low income family before he joined the party. politically, he has declared himself to be the first leader of the party in the past years.
They searched the house of the Rangbah Shnong and found that the complainant was the Rangbah Shnong.
On the other hand, R.L.L.S.C.O continued to hold their unbeaten title against Touchline by 59 points to
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association (JNEA) today took part in the hearing of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) in Delhi on the issue of coal mining. On the other hand, the State Government has asked for more time, as it has not been able to implement the law on mining yet.
“Therefore, we have held a meeting and decided to direct the District Councils to implement the digital land registration by appointing Implementing Agencies,” he said. Mr. Preston.
He said that from 3rd June 2021, there will be a strike by commercial vehicles and vehicle owners and drivers, if they leave during these strike days, if there is any disturbance, you shall not be ashamed.
“The Government of India has agreed to ban the sale and consumption of e-cigarettes.
“We are surprised to learn that the KHADC and JHADC have appointed a foreigner as their Finance Adviser,” said Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Vice President of FKJGP. Tony Dey (Gaurav) is the only candidate in KHADC and JHADC.
Speaking to media, Hek said the visit of the state BJP members to Delhi was to discuss the issue of strengthening the party for the election. 2023.
Speaking as the swearing-in ceremony of the office bearers of HANM, Umlathu-Umsen Unit, Bah Pateng Myrsing said that the reason why we as a party in the state is to serve is to look after the land. shyiap, the border, the welfare of the residents across the villages of the state and especially the country to preserve their customs and traditions which the party itself has.
What is more surprising to the Seng, is that the workplace has not even appointed a committee to look into the safety of women known as the Harassment of Women At Work Place Atc 2010 of the government. India.
One of the losses of human heritage is when we look too much at the mistakes or shortcomings of others.
Khliehmawlieh beat Warima Youth Club 3-1 in the Group-D match at Chandmari Ground in Tura while Mawlai beat Warima Youth Club 3-1 in the second match. Donlad Diengdoh became the top scorer of the match against Seng Samla Laitryngew 12-0 at the MFA Turf in Group A.
The word leader is a very valuable and meaningful word and it refers to the power and authority that leaders have and it also refers to the manners, dignity, courage, understanding, spirit of The humility, the spirit of helping others and fellow human beings has been in the society of the country and the nation as a whole.
It may be recalled that the rape of a girl happened on 15th June, 2022 and the perpetrators are 21 years old. and 30 years.
Wealth should come later in our election of leaders, but we see that in a nation without wealth it is difficult to emerge as a leader and this is sad if we are still in this dress.
Nongstoin, June 30: The Nongstoin Town Committee (NTC) in collaboration with the New Nongstoin and Upper New Nongstoin Dorbar Shnongs on Saturday last month held a cleanliness drive. Nongstoin and before the cleanliness campaign, a public awareness meeting on the cleanliness of the morning was held at Madan Iew Nongstoin.
At this ceremony, Ma Spiton Kharakor, explained in detail his experience in the field of sani and achieved the goal of paying tribute to his late friend, Bah B Nishan Wahlang (Bam kwai ha door of God).
And the duty of every woman should be a little lower than men, to love and respect her husband forever, which is an example for our children and descendants.
The AJCVA requests the authorities to punish these killers by imprisonment for life.
Shillong: Christian leaders from various parts of Assam and the North East met in Guwahati on Thursday 14th June 2023 to agree on unity between them and all those who have been persecuted.
Before reaching the house, which is closer to the main road to Tyrsad, this reporter found that hundreds of people who came to mourn, entered and left the house and left. to look at these bodies which were laid inside the house.
Speaking in the House, u Lyngdoh said that the people of the border area from Khanduli, Psiar and Saba which has 41 villages inhabited by Pnars have been facing many problems. , especially from the oppression and harassment of the Karbi tribes, especially in the agricultural sector.
The differences in terms of customs and traditions make us different from other ethnic groups in India.
On the other hand, the party will not stand idly by and will continue to pursue this issue and will not allow the Assam Rifle to occupy the land.
The body was identified as Lestarning Sangriang, 19 years old.
The Republic Day celebration was held at Polo Ground, Shillong. Special tributes were paid to the freedom fighters of India as well as the heroes of the nation, such as Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan. Sangma Governor Phagu Chauhan, who was the chief guest, hoisted the tricolor flag of India and took part in saluting those who took part in the march pass including BSF, CRPF, District Executive Force, East Khasi Hills District, Sikkim Police, 1st MLP Bn, NCC Boys, NCC Girls, Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, Sacred Heart Girl's Hr.Sc.
After the attack, both the youths were taken to Jorhat Medical College and Hospital (JMCH), where Debasis died of his injuries.
Suchen urged the government to send the contractor to repair the by-pass and to issue an order to work properly and if he does so, he should be punished. .
The stock they have will probably just have to be thrown away.
When asked by Manstudy Nongrem on the expenditure for the Conference Hall, the EM in charge of the Building, Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that T.30 lakh has been spent so far. The allocated fund is T.45 lakh and the remaining fund is T.15 lakh for the two projects, Air Conditioning and cleaning of the ground.
The Government's silence has caused suspicion to the Sengbhalang, because it has been more than two months since the Judge sent to the Government what he found and found from his independent investigation. It is surprising that the Government has not listened, this shows that it is wrong on this matter, so they have tried to hide those involved to authorize the police to shoot dead and kill this Rangbah. Former leader of the HNLC. 'The Government has asked for 6 months until the investigation is completed by urging and requesting us to explain to the people to be calm, we have done that and we have Respect your request, respect us now by making public the report of the investigation.
Due to the continuous heavy rainfall in the past few days especially in parts of Shillong, the water level in Umïam Lake has also increased which has given hope to the residents that they will not face the shortage of electricity.
It may be recalled that a few months ago, the FKJGP Central Body had lodged a complaint with the MUDA department about the increase in the price of vehicles.
The contract for the construction of the road is that one contractor has to construct only 5 kilometers and the departments in charge of the construction of the road are the PWD Nongstoin Division and Mawkyrwat Division.
The discussion was led by Dr Rajesh Mistry, Director, Oncology and Dr Manoj Mulchandani, Consultant, General Laparoscopic and Robotic Colorectal Surgeon, Kokilaben Hospital Mumbai.
FOCUS has truly innovated in terms of operations and income generation in the state.
Shillong: The Congress is ready to contest the mid-term elections from Shella constituency in the coming months.
Tura, Naitung 19: The use of public vehicles by the government in Garo Hills is regular. These vehicles are used during elections and other events.
Shillong: Although in the past few days the number of new cases of Covid-19 has been very high and those who have lost their lives are also every day. However, in the last two days, there has been an increase in the number of recoveries and today, 27th June 2021, there have been 809 new cases. , 597 people have recovered from the disease and 12 people have died.
However, when I reached Rymbai Road, there were hundreds of people who had already waited to shoot and bomb me.
The BJP has made mistakes from the religious point of view, from the political point of view they have made mistakes and they will not get even 200 seats.
Police have seized a vehicle (AS-01-FH-1303) and a bike (AS-18-H-3
The newspaper received two articles.
Modi has agreed to bring back the stolen money to India and deposit T.15 lakh in each account. Have you received that T.15 lakh?” Rahul asked. public at the meeting.
Shillong: On the HNLC's claim that it has raised flags in Jowai and Khliehriat;  “There are reports that have reached me, but the police department has been vigilant and I confirm that the police department has already reached me. prepare that the state will remain in peace and our state will celebrate the Independence Day with joy”.
The bodies of the victims were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla has honored 32 children of Shohshrieh Village who have been employed in various government departments including teachers, doctors, engineers, officers, police and professor.
In the first instance, we saw that only the will of the people including the will of the tenants and the tenants was based on the will of the land owners but the land owners were not listened to.
Shillong, June 8: U Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Election Department & Asstt.
Students will be selected through a youth survey from among 1 lakh students between the ages of 14-22 years.
“When you say to donate, the people have to go and receive the donation but now how can these people of the rich man dare to go into the houses to ask for support from the people,” said Bah Ardent.
Speaking at a press conference in New Delhi, Union Minister in charge of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Prakash Javadekar, said that India's resolve to fight against climate change change of land or loss of soil fertility.
“Only those who are in the area and those who post insulting messages on social media have been invited,” said the SP. letter to people to appear in court.
And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear it after Jesus.
The group has demanded that the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, should postpone the closing date of the festival.
If we count the Nepalis living near these Khasi villages, there are about 1000 people.
However, as in these days, almost all the states in India like Bihar and elsewhere have protested against this scheme because the youth who intend to join the army are discouraged that it will end only after year.
He also reminded that as school children, they should regard teachers as their second parents in their lives, as they meet them almost every day in their classrooms.
When asked whether the government intends to set up its own Rehabilitation Centres, the Minister said that he wants these projects to be implemented in the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode.
Speaking on the occasion, D.Sohtun, Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the government has decided to reduce the number of jobs in various fields. The first thing for children is knowledge.
“The Union would like to express its concern against the Government's intention to introduce changes within the Management, without first consulting with various groups which could lead to the impact if the Government takes The petition was signed by the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Power Workers' Union, Bah R. Majaw.
Dr. Jacqueline R. Marak, who spoke on the life of Pa Togan Sangma, also mentioned other freedom fighters of the North East, who have made a great contribution to India. just tip the public.
Therefore, it is very difficult to unite the people in the faith and only the kur can unite the Khasi people.
U Bah KP Pangñiang together with Bah Nasar Syiem Jahnoh Sirdar of Jyrngam Hima, accompanied by several Rangbah Shnong, on Tuesday, went to meet with the Superintendent Engineer. PWD Western Circle, to request him to change the method of construction whether it should be cleaned with mawria like other roads, or if the same method of construction is implemented in a new way. , he would like to inform the government that there is a need to implement better measures to ensure that the road is maintained.
The name Jesus means, “For he shall save his people from their sins” (Matthew 1:21).
He explains to them that if they fill their minds with the word of God, they will escape any temptation.
At the same time, he said that the RBI has started issuing new T.50 and T.100 notes but it has not been able to distribute them to the public as it is still taking time to meet the needs of the people. the public.
On the other hand, the students carried byrni to collect all the garbage and distributed the work in different parts of Nongpoh town for the purpose of collecting and cleaning the garbage thrown in the streets. With the participation of all the students, they were able to collect garbage in different parts of Nongpoh.
Tura, March 18: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, today inaugurated the Golden Jubilee of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE), Tura at a function held at Green Haven, Tura. New Now.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the state government has prepared a budget of up to T.200 crore for the fight against illegal marriage of children.
“It seems that the Central and State Governments are not willing to end this conflict.
The KSU also asked, “Is there anything behind it, why as the Minister has not taken action on this issue and when will he come to produce electricity with a new or bring in a full time Executive Engineer? Where is the PHE office in Mawkyrwat?
After losing four goals in Delhi, 7 Wasa lost all their efforts and had to accept this defeat.
These include 4 cases in Barigaon, 3 cases in Downgate, 3 cases in KRIPA Foundation, 29 cases in Nongsder, 5 cases in Rangmen, 6 cases in SP Office RBD, 3 cases in Umiam and 5 cases in Umran Dairy.
Jowai, Nailar, 27: The Samatan-Mynsoo road has been deteriorating due to the quarrying of stones in the Mynsoo River before reaching the Myntang Bridge in West Jaintia Hills. District.
Shillong: The District Level Inter School Quiz & Debate Competition 2019-2020 will be held at the District Sports Office, Shillong. 11th October, 2020 at Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong starting at 11 am.
On the other hand, Bah Syntar has written to the Minister of Electricity, James K Sangma, to take action to immediately turn on the electricity to the households in Umkaber Lyngiong village. days from June 16
Today, there were also questions raised by the opposition during the Questions and Replies session of the dorbar.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if the VPP seeks evidence to prove that those who disrupted the NPP rally in Umsning by shouting 'Ha U Prah! If U Prah' is a member of the VPP, then the chess will be passed by the law.
Nongpoh: To urge the central government to implement the Inner Permit in the state, a group of leaders and members of four political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF and HNYF in Ri Bhoi, NDA leaders Narendra Modi and Amit Shah today held a rally to protest against their silence on the demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya. Leaders of the four political parties who were present on the occasion included Samla Ferdinand Kharkamni President of KSU North Khasi Hills District, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President of RBYF Sengkmie and Bah Luistar Lyngdoh President of RBYF. FKJGP North Khasi Hills District, Bah Marcus Marten President HNYF North Region and other office bearers from the circles and units in Ri Bhoi District.
The park is one of the places to play and play especially for the children in the city and even those who come from other states when they visit Shillong.
The construction of a PWD road from Top Um near the residence of Bah Thelesar Syiemlieh and Kong Shortina Rynjah in Block-A, Kynjat Phutbol, ​​Shillong at a cost of 63 lakh tyngka.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Mission Bah G Basan, Convener of the Working Committee Bah Donkupar War, MLA Roshan Warjri, MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit and others.
“The State Government is happy only because it has accepted the decision to implement the ILP. Therefore, we would like to send a statement to the 60 elected leaders that they should not play with the issues because it is their duty to fulfill this long-standing dream of the people of the state,” he said.
Shillong: The FKJGP, after receiving complaints from the residents of Sohryngkham regarding the increase in bill lights, has held a meeting on the 26th of this month. and it was found that the increase in the bill light and the consumption of households has not fallen; Therefore, the union demands that the relevant department should take action to resolve these excessive bills and if the department does not do anything on this, the union will not hesitate to hold a bill. The protest was held in front of the headquarters of the electricity department, said a statement from Wallambok Kharmalki, President and Tomba Nongbri, General Secretary.
On the day of the cleanliness drive, this reporter spoke to one of the residents of the village, to ask how they have reached this goal until they have received the Reputation as a clean village, one of the elders said that the village has just started a few days ago to take part in the cleanliness of the village and to build toilets. Many of the residents and householders were angry and thought that it was just a requirement from the government departments, but because it had issued an order that everyone had to do, everyone could not refuse to do as ordered. , said the old man.
The SP of East Khasi Hills said that the police have directed the company that installed these cameras to expedite the work and complete it in some places before Christmas.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The three matches of the U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SHSA) on Saturday ended with three wickets. the group that won the victory.
Compared to the population and area, the area of ​​Garo Hills is only half that of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
If you live by the sword, you will die by the sword,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
There is a severe shortage of drinking water in Khliehriat, Lad Rymbai, Bapung, where drinking water needs to be brought from Jowai, or some people bring drinking water. from Shillong, for the purpose of getting clean drinking water.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that after the Khadar rule, the government She felt that the best way is to introduce the Administrator Rule and this decision will be sent to the Governor immediately.
Modi and the BJP party have now been able to convince the whole of India that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) CAA, the new Constitution of India ) for the benefit of the BJP and RSS is no longer a problem because it has won all the people of North East India.
The KSU leader said that when the KSU went to arrest the foreigners who set up the illegal market in Kalibari, it wanted the faces of the people of Mawlong to join the KSU because they are afraid of being killed. that one day they will be overshadowed by the proliferation of foreigners.
Notice should not be given in the form of a message.
“What is sad and shocking to my confidence in the party is the fact that some members of the party and you have brought the name of Bah Martamlin Pyrbot as a candidate and participated in the creation of the party. The 17th North Mandal Committee of Shillong has been dissolved by the same people at the last minute.
I hope that this scheme will fall into the same category as others.
The Apostle Paul says in Ephesians 5:6, “For because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience”.
Aamir and Reena Dutta's relationship is a little sweet and they are neighbors and they used to look at each other from the door and they can stand by them. many hours, to look at each other.
The hatchery has been implemented through the MGNREGA scheme, the Basin Development Unit, East Jaintia Hills and the office of the Block Development Officer Wapung C&RD Block.
The border issue, whether it is an international border dispute or an interstate border dispute, has become a very serious issue.
The TMC will hold a meeting at Soso Tham and Windermere Resort on Tuesday, where TMC leader Mamata Banejee will meet with party leaders and discuss the issue. The TMC leader will also take part in the celebration of Christmas with the children from different orphanages. Speaking to reporters after the arrival of the TMC leader at Umroi Airport, former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and State Vice President and Umroi MLA, Bah George B. Lyngdoh said that as the leaders and supporters of the party, they are delighted that this party leader has visited the state for the first time. All the leaders and the people had the opportunity to meet with the party leader who is coming to Meghalaya to discuss with the people before reaching the preparations for the election. The 2023 election will be held in Meghalaya.
He said that the idea of ​​reservation is for those who have not yet benefited and those who are less in the society.
During the one-day meeting, these government officials also discussed many issues ranging from khadar governance, development works, service to the people and especially to bring about peace. close cooperation between different government agencies.
Besides the MDCs, they also joined hands from the Hima Mylliem under the leadership of the Minister of the Hima.
Bah Marngar said the KSU will not accept the railway line but the government should first implement measures to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners and then discuss the railway line.
We urge the officers whether they are IAS, IPS, MCS and all government employees to help us from the bottom of your heart so that we can resolve the border issue.
The lack of respect for the Khasi language may be one of the reasons why the Khasi language has not been recognized by the Government for a long time.
The full-time DGP will be elected and confirmed by the Security Commission headed by the Chief Minister.
As a sign of support, Bah Pathaw also handed over a donation to the group so that they can continue to compose and produce more songs.
Erdogan will welcome Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during their visit to Turkey, although not on the same day. The visit of these leaders will be held in the same month.
Guwahati: After eight Germans were found visiting churches and preaching about their rights in Golaghat, Assam and that they intended to convert some people, the government has decided to suspend the war. Police have arrested five German nationals identified as Michael Erich, Christian Fried Rich Reiser, Merten Asmus, Cornelia Vein Ohie MS, Hinrich Luppen, Christa Doreathea and Lisa Almea Bloem.
Shillong: The Commission of Inquiry (Retd) has been appointed to investigate the incident in Mukroh, where five Khasi and a Forest Guard of Assam were killed in a clash in Mukroh.
According to information received, the government has decided to set up nine model schools in Garo Hills.
Prestone said the government's annual expenditure on education is not less than Rs 2.00 crore excluding infrastructure.
He said that all the permits and approvals have already been obtained for the operation of these pipes in the state.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem today launched and handed over the garbage truck to the Hima Khyrim at a meeting held at long inside the Smith House.
“In fact, the government has promised to give us land to set up shops but until now it has not given us that land. Many government ministers have come and many have promised to give us land until “It's not like that,” said the President of the party.
However, he said that the hearing of the petitions to suspend the CAA Rules has been fixed for the 9th of June.
Momin was killed by the rebel group on October 8 at 10:30 pm. In a statement, the vice-chairman of the rebel group, Kadongchak Matgrik, said, “Whoever is paid bah “Those who try to help the police to tell us where we are hiding, we will destroy them,” the leader of the party also admitted that Momin was involved in the killing of one of the members. of this organization.
According to the estimates, Purno A Sangma has a net worth of T.21,39,14,618 crore, T.3,12,53,504 crore for himself and T.18,26,61,114 crore for his wife. Daryl has only T.12,50,390 lakh which is too little compared to Purno's.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Two unidentified persons were arrested in a Maruti Swift D'zire (ML-05M-7036) at 7:30 pm on the 21st of this month. The driver of the bus, Philemon Lyngdoh Mawnai, 29, was shot dead at Nongmensong.
Mattel, which has been producing Barbies for decades, has taken the initiative to produce special Barbies for children with Down's syndrome to play and enjoy themselves.
The chief guest on the occasion was the MDC of the constituency, Bah Jansing Tynsong together with the Assistant Registrar of the Cooperative Society, East Khasi Hills.
“The formation of the RDA of the UDP and the HSPDP is the idea that gradually all the national parties will unite.
At such times, the question arises: How do our own prayers to God become stronger to serve? Sunday is the day of the good Sabbath and the resurrection of the Lord.
These three villages are on the road to Halflong.
After a thorough investigation, a case was registered against all those involved in the collection of money in several places in the city.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar District will also honor those youngsters of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar District who have brought fame and glory to the Kur Dkhar District in East Jaintia Hills District. winners in any competitions such as Sports & Games and others who have competed at the state level and above by the authorities recognized by the Government.
“Oh, do you want to meet Bah Malki or.
The executive members are Bah Phelenstar Rani (Tyrsad Area Sports Association), Resin Nongsiej (Pyndengumiong Dist.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC said that the office has received a letter from the company GR Infra Ltd that it has refused to pay the compensation fee, on the grounds that the land owners have not paid the fee. out to complain during the construction of the road.
Speaking on the occasion, Bonnie said that a country like Khasi Jaintia is a country blessed by God.
He said that on the day of the inspection, they seized 10 trees cut down by the residents of the village. He said that the EC will seek clarification on the cutting down of trees. their illegal.
The universities that participated in the chess tournament which will continue till the 11th of this month include Jadavpur University, Chhattisgarh Swami Vivekananda Technical University, MGKVP University, MSCB University, Calcutta University. , KIIT University, S.M.K.V., University of Burdwan, Adamas University, Manipur University and Banaras Hindu University.
Non-biodegradable food is not available in Khasi.
The training program was conducted in collaboration with the Seiñ Kynjei in collaboration with the Society for Urban & Rural Empowerment (SURE). at the same time, it will also help you to convert your food.
What does this car say to you?” said the statement.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Director of Health Services (MI) Dr Aman War on Tuesday rejected the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Health and the IIPH, Shillong on allegations that He said that the institute will be located at the former campus of the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) at Pastuer Hills, Lawmali.
However, one of the proverbs that says 'do unto others as you would have them do unto you' is important to remember so that we can be people who think far before they take a decision against anyone so that they will achieve a good purpose by repaying evil with good and this is the foundation on which we can build each other.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 1: Four villages including Shiliangrynniaw, Tlon, Umshynrut and Umjajew are the villages where the people live by agriculture. others are important raw materials.
Whether to the right or the left, the desire of the office bearers of other political parties to leave their own party and join the NPP has been intense in recent days.
Speaking on the reply of the Mawhati candidate that the former Mawhati candidate who will contest from Nongkrem has not done well for Mawhati, Bah Ardent said, “I don't think we need to explain anymore because the candidate The candidate for Mawhati and the candidate for Nongkrem are one household and if there are two voices from the same household, the people have understood to judge and there is no need to explain.
Because it is God who has done many of these things because of their disobedience and many evils against ancient Israel.
Speaking to police chiefs in some districts, they said that drug traffickers create many ways and tricks how to escape not only arrest but to deceive their names.
“JICA has not yet decided on this, it is studying it,” Jun said.
Therefore, today the Meghalaya batsmen need to work hard in their innings so that they can lead the opposition in this match.
He said that if the people vote for 31 BJP candidates, perhaps the demands of the political parties or societies in the state will be resolved and included in the agenda of the BJP in Delhi. to defend.
Government authorities have seized 14,000 kilos of fish from five trucks at Palakkad in Kerala and sent it back to Andhra Pradesh. shymprong and fish after 10 days in the state, without formalin.
It is learned that the police also came to the rescue after receiving a tip-off that one of them had escaped into the forest and no information was received from the Sordar Shnong of Syntung. and the police information is also the one they sent the location of where they are over the phone.
He also demanded that the government should take action on this issue within 10 days otherwise the party will hold sudden protests which will surprise even the government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lyngdoh said that the Public Diplomacy Officer of the United States of America has invited him to participate in the International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP) for three months to be held in the USA. the theme “Everyone Counts! Building Capacity in the People with Disabilities (PWD) Community" from 20th October to & 1st June
We as the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep have faced many challenges from the State Leaders, Government Employees, Leaders in various groups and all the people especially the low income and the sick.
# P.W.5.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has expressed its deep concern over the decline in democracy in the state, due to the increasing violation of human rights. that has been misused by the Government, especially to restrict the right to freedom of assembly or participation in public meetings through protests for the purpose of expressing or criticizing the working methods of the Government .
He said that from now on, the Council will issue a directive that the Syiems, Lyngdohs and Wahadars before giving the villages, should provide a sufficient boundary to avoid confusion.
They arrived fleeing as fast as they could, by boat or other means, just to survive (their treatment has been written about in previous weeks).
Later, when I was no longer good at singing, I didn't meet Mr. Gilbert anymore, although I often met him once, even when he was driving a taxi.
They are a source of comfort, security and encouragement to the whole family.
Man needs to gain knowledge from God and about his laws.
These include EGH: 2, EJH: 2, EKH: 62, RBD: 7, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 18, WJH: 9 and WKH:
Shillong, July 26: Kyntimon Marweiñ and N Pholendro Singh have won the Shillong 10K Run for the third time organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Saturday. the month is not over.
In the midst of the crowd, the players of both sides played hard to score but couldn't and once again Kharumnuid FC scored two more goals through Ribok Kharumnuid. at 35 and 42 minutes, respectively.
Besides, the Government has also launched the Skills Meghalaya Program to train the youth in various fields of training to stand on their own feet.
Although Laitkor beat Umpling SC 6-0 in the second leg, the team, which came second last year, has improved. thep goal until it reached three dozen.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow, July 29, 2018, at the Jowai Catholic Cemetery.
The Forest Department is ready to cooperate with the school to provide more tree seedlings and other assistance so that it can achieve its goal, said SDhar, Forester, Khliehriat Range in his speech.
During the inspection, Conrad said that the hotel is the largest in terms of rooms and he hopes that the opening of this hotel will improve the state in terms of and the ability to provide accommodation to visitors to the state.
On this basis, these groups today met with the DC and SP of Ri-Bhoi District to ensure that such religious leaders should not come out to disrupt the peace and order of the people, but that The law enforcement agencies should conduct an investigation and not allow any disturbance in the area and those who want to disrupt the peace and order of the people because their intention is to disrupt the service of God.
From the Khasi Seng house, the body was taken back to Lum Jingthang in Jaiaw, where a large crowd of leaders of the Seng Khasi branches, Sein Raij, Seng Khihlang, Sengbah Ki Nongshat Nongkhein, Chief of the Hima Khyrim Dr Balajied Singh Syiem, former President of the Sein Raij Jowai and OR Challam came to pay their last respects to this great leader.
Kishan Lyngdoh scored his first century against Punit Bisht in the first day of the Meghalaya Ranji Trophy plate group match against Arunachal Pradesh was born in Anand, Gujarat.
“We are confident that Shillong and Tura seats will go to the Congress in this Lok Sabha MP election.
We need to examine ourselves and learn how to build this unique nation of ours so that it will be strong and strong from the inside out.
They said that the shortage of water in the village has forced them to buy water at the price of 800 to 1000 per vehicle.
He said that the KHADC has scheduled to hold the event from 14th, 15th and 16th November this year, but due to the visitors, it will have to be submitted to the Monolith Committee to fix the dates. u year.
Titos said that a chowkidar of the office has tested positive for Covid-19 yesterday.
The EJNC feels that it is time for the government to disclose the names of those who have been infected with COVID-19 so that the public can protect themselves and identify themselves if they have been in contact with these infected persons. spread of COVID-1
The destruction was carried out on the orders of the First Class District Magistrate, Jiribam District, and after receiving a detailed report from the Food and Safety Department, Government of Manipur.
Augustine Momin died on the spot and his body was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
However, the discovery of natural gas in Mawsynram is a source of hope for him, but he prays that the price will be low enough for those who have LPG to share. If you have Jan 1000 Tyngka, you will be able to buy a line, you will be able to buy a car, you will be able to buy a leakhap.
Jeremiah 50:17.
Deihok urged all farmers, cooperative groups, Village Organizations and individuals who wish to cultivate shyrmit to register with the group to get the seeds.
“We we have a unique situation.
While giving this promise to the union, the SDO PWD requested the union to cooperate and to wait for a while, as it will take a little longer to clean up and also promised that the office will send crews to cover soil in the most damaged areas.
Another youth was shot dead by unidentified persons in Lad Umroi.
Therefore, the leaders of the Hima Nonglang have requested the people, political parties and the rulers of the Hima Bri u Hynniewtrep to allow until further notice.
Speaking to Rupang, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that he met with Rahul Gandhi today and during the meeting, he said that on his part, he explained to them. He said that no resolution has been issued yet.
Sanctify Pale and Marso Kyndait came second and third respectively, while Mini Kyndait came second in the women's category.
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that Bah Pathaw is a hard working man and from time to time he calls him to get information about this scheme. whether it came in and whether it got the budget“I have never seen a leader who takes the job seriously and wants what he does to succeed," he said.
Please change the picture to your own country.
He said that the DPR will be completed within six months or six months.
Therefore, the assistance and cooperation of all the residents is requested so that the work can be successful and timely for the benefit of the farmers, the villages and especially the district. This census will be for the benefit and welfare of the farmers.
Before 25th July 2024, the Yatra aims to complete more than 2.60 lakh Gram Panchayats and more than 4,000 Village Authorities in urban areas across the country.
On the Congress, Marcuise N Marak said he doubted that the Congress could create the world.
Jezebel committed a great sin, her words and actions were against God's people in Israel.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the illegal coal mining factories which refused to close down even after he had issued the order.
He said that the threat to the people and the state as a whole is not from foreigners or those who came from Bangladesh or Nepal but from the Indians who came here to steal the trade from them. public of the state.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya School Parents Association (AMSPA) today wrote to the Minister of State for Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui to urge the Meghalaya government to take action against the charging of school fees by private schools. There is no curfew or 'lock down' across India.
If there is no agreement with the BJP in Meghalaya, why is the TMC silent about the BJP in Meghalaya,” she said.
In his short speech, Momin said the government has celebrated Poshan Pakhwada or the month of nutrition with the aim of fighting against nutrition shortage.
Such an incident has never happened in the Parliament of this country,” said Irani.
Other places searched were Sambalpur, Bolangir, Titilagarh, Boudh, Sundargarh, Rourkela and Bhubaneswar.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: Unidentified robbers have robbed a truck and shot and injured the driver and passenger of a truck on the 13th of this month.
During the opening of schools, students should stay at a distance of 6 feet from each other and should also stay away from teachers' rooms, offices, restaurants and other places. .
These MLAs, 19 from the Left Front and 1 from the Congress, have been taken up by political parties including Civil Society, Borok Peoples and the issues of the minorities in Tripura. Human Rights Organization, Twipra Students Federation and others.
Meyoowanki Pariat, son of Kong Daiabha Mary Pariat, resident of Riatmoolain, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai has passed away. not on
The NCTE is only an advisory body to the government and it is up to the government to act or not to act.
This letter dated November 16, 2022 refers to the subject, “Religious Conversion reg”.
The Seng through the petition expresses its opposition and disapproval to the State Government which has introduced the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 and also the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, Rules, 2021.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, said that the meeting today has taken the same vote as the EC has already recommended to the KHADC. The government has decided that the number of MDCs will be 29+2=31, which means that 29 MDCs will be elected by the people while 2 MDCs will be appointed including one woman.
Bah Shanbor, as soon as he saw them, stood up from his seat. “Come, let's go inside the house...” He invited them.
On Friday, three other Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) leaders left the party following incidents of violence against the party. the name of top PTI leader Imran Khan, who is also the former Prime Minister of Pakistan in recent years.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) in the state, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday visited Laitlyngkot village to support the candidate of the Sohra Constituency. Mr. Alan West Kharkongor.
New Delhi: Kangana Ranaut today blocked the road in Kiratpur Sahib, Punjab, where farmers blocked her vehicle and demanded that she apologize for her speech. , against the farmers, who are protesting against the Farm Act of the Government of India.
It is believed that AstraZeneca's claim will lead to compensation to Scott and others who have contracted other diseases as a result of the injection.
Two more members of the church of God have died and these two are children under 10 years old, one from Umram Diary and one from Barwa.
He said the government has decided to set up a prefab hospital with 50 beds and can be converted into a children's hospital with an ICU to fight against the disease. touch the child.
We also request the State Government to reduce the VAT on the sale of Petrol and Diesel in the State by about 50% of the VAT charged,” said the HYC. and request the Government to accept for the benefit of the citizens of the State and to resolve the issues such as these.
On Tuesday, Rahul will start his election campaign in Hapoli, Arunachal Pradesh's Lower Subansiri district.
So far, there are five cases out of 48 cases.
The BSF patrol team raided the smuggling operation after receiving a tip that there was no smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Therefore, I urge the State Government through the Ministry of Education to take action against such an incident and not to allow it at all so that it will be a part of the smooth running of all according to the rights of everyone. Every student, whether they should receive it or not, should follow a clear path for them so that no one will be affected.
However, it was said that because of the slow pace, the husband could not wait.
Chiranjit Kumar Paul scored 562 marks in the NEET UG 2023, 83% in the PCB and 82.5% in the PCBE. Aidamon Khongsngi who came first in the Khasi and Jaintia category and scored 567 marks in the NEET UG 2023, 93.66% in the PCB and 92% in the PCBE. Dalangkiso Myrtong, who scored 559 marks in the NEET UG 2023, 93.25% in the PCB and 93.25% in the PCBE, was placed fifth in the Open Category. He scored 565 marks in the NEET UG 2023, 94.66% in the PCB and 91.5% in the PCBE. Stephen Marbaniang has scored 550 marks in the NEET UG 2023, 90% and 91.5 marks in the PCBE.
Shillong, July 4: A meeting was held today between the BJP leaders in the state who are also the leaders of various Mandals and at the same time the State Council Members who have the right to elect. the Leader or President of the party in the election of the leadership of the party in accordance with its constitution.
He said that so far, Meghalaya has increased its population by 75.48 percent.
Lapang also denied that the departure of some Congress MLAs will affect the party in this election and stressed that those who leave are clean and cannot carry their belongings. the tar is the bullet of the party.
It is here that they say, "If you give, it will not be and if you do not give, it will not be.
About two hours later, he said, after the incident, he was taken back to the scene of the incident and released. “The man told me to leave. ,Your key was broken on the road, I took the key from the road and I ran away. When I reached the police in Jowai, I told them about the incident and they informed the police. I went to the Civil Hospital and I met my wife there,” he said after leaving the hospital.
On the same day, the price of food items at the market places has been increased according to the prices set by the office of the SDO, Amlarem Sub-Division to address the problems of the people who have complained about the increase in prices. grocery.
The National Unity Day is a commemoration of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhai Patel on the 31st of March across the country.
The presence of government agencies and other groups not including trade, education, health care, employment has made it easier for the people of Ri Khasi to benefit, but at the same time The time has brought back the invasion of other ethnic groups to fight for the rights of the Khasi people.
Shillong, Naitung 11: To avoid poverty, anxiety and to achieve happiness and peace, a small family should be created.
Myrjai beat Khlieh Shnong Ïalong 2-0 in the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy, 3rd Division.
The GPI value at all levels in schools indicate the participation of more girls in schools.
Shillong, June 04 : The Tura District Cricket Association (TBA) on the first day of the final of the U-A tournament won by 9 runs in the first innings. 15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 will be held at Umbuda, Ri Bhoi District.
It is learned that these buses will be increased in the future according to the needs of the people.
The Prime Minister said that in view of the spread of the disease in the rural areas, the step that the government will take now is to strengthen the health facilities in the rural areas.
However, not a single minister of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government attended the ceremony.
In any case, the powers of the district council have been completely weakened.
Peter, too, as a Jew, counted these kinds of meats very highly, except for the meat of chickens, goats, and birds that had only two legs.
The Laskein Block Circle expresses its gratitude and congratulations to the contractor who has completed the construction of the Rymphum Bridge on time.
“It is also surprising to see that trucks are standing in a line along the NH-6 even at 12:00-1:00 pm. “It is to wait for the reply from those in charge of the weighbridge, and as soon as they get the information from the weighbridge, they will start moving from where they are standing,” said Bah Bandary Ryntathiang.
A Dutch woman has revealed that her son was able to buy an AK-47 rifle from a website that also delivers it easily to his home.
He said that the Minister has promised that if a new district comes in any form, the headquarters will be in Sohra, as it has all the requirements especially the government offices to be located. as the headquarters of the District.
In another development, a GNLA member Jakra N Sangma, who was arrested on Tuesday from Asanang, a village about 18 kilometers from Tura, went to the District Session today. Court , where the police have been authorized to interrogate him for seven days.
He urged all those present to take part in politics, saying it will bring about development.
The Ministry of Social Welfare has launched the Aadhar Saturation Campaign to register all residents and link their names to all benefit schemes, which will appear on the POSHAN Tracker and will receive Supplementary Nutrition. from the Anganwadi Centre.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 17: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has held a program to confirm the new leaders of the FKJGP Mawthadraishan Circle at the Dorbar Hall Nongshillong.
Thus the name of the Son of God has now been exalted beyond the borders of Israel, not only in Jerusalem in Judea or Samaria but to the ends of the earth.
“It is clear that within a short time, after the arrest, we see that the accused have been granted bail or released.
Three robbers carrying weapons including tyrnem, went to rob a shop selling expensive jewellery, where the robbers. They looted more than $500,000 worth of goods from the shop and injured the owner of the shop.
The Government complies with the directive to review the allocation of posts in accordance with the Reservation Policy.
However, when we took over in 2013, there was a request from the people of different villages and from many policemen who misused it to drink alcohol and commit crimes. , we have restricted the entry of people".
They gave the people money ; The brain is the head of a pig and the head of a cow, but to win is sure.
“They have informed these people who are illegally staying in this area to collect all their belongings and leave this area before the Seng closes down their houses. sem that of you.
Banika Marboh, Lavinia Shadap and Espiranza.
He said the state government has now sent to the law department to prepare for the issuance of labor licenses and work permits to foreign workers.
Whatever happens, we cannot help but say that this election in Sohiong constituency will be a memorable one especially for those who are smart to listen to the public speeches of Bah Prestone and Bah Amazing.
Voters who have not yet received EPIC can bring any identity card to the polling station such as valid passport, driving license, service identity card issued by the central government office. / State Government, Public Sector Undertaking/Public Limited Companies, Passbook opened at banks/post offices, PAN card, Smart card issued by RGI under NPR, MNREGA job card, Health Insurance Smart Cards issued by the Minister of Labour, pension payment orders, official identity cards issued by MPs/MLAs/MDCs or Aadhaar cards.
“The Government is grateful to the people who have worked together despite the various challenges they have faced.
The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) requests the MLAs/MDCs of Mawsynram and Nongstoin Constituencies to take responsibility for the expenses of these youngsters. Titos Chyne beat Bobby Nongrum to the final.
Chopra reportedly pays $271,000 or Rs 1.87 crore to post pictures on Instagram.
This order was issued on 13th June by the High Court headed by Justice HS Thangkhiew while hearing a case against the Hima Sohra and the Hima Sohra Core Committee for collecting fees and stickering vehicles. They were smuggled from Umduh to Lang Custom Station Bholaganj.
Bah Paul if you stand in the crowd how do you say that class 8 class 9 don't come.
Shillong, July 12 : Seven districts of the state have reached fourth place in the number of drug addicts and drug traffickers, said the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. after a meeting with officials from various departments of the state government.
Dr Donkupar said Danggo has received the same vote as he has received in other elections, but the UDP candidate has increased his vote to 4,000 votes which shows that he has supporters. The former NPP, BJP and PDF support Bah Pius.
This order was issued after receiving reports that trucks and pick ups carrying stones exceed the length of the body of the vehicle which poses a serious threat to human lives and property due to the condition of the The NH-06 between Tuber Shohshrieh and Ratacherra has been badly damaged and could deteriorate further and cause more traffic jams.
Is it only the 1 MLP BN which is on government duty, the 3, 5 and 6 battalions (lRBn) as well as the SF 10 which is on government duty?
According to the report, police have received a tip from the Project Manager of the company that three masked persons have entered the premises of the company and set fire to the two dumpers. truck and one transit mixer.
Shillong, July 15: Fourteen youths from the North East met with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in New Delhi.
“This continued reduction by the NTA of the examination centers has caused a lot of trouble to the applicants, especially those who come from low income families.
“If these issues are not discussed immediately, there is a high risk that the Garo will be displaced from Madhupur, Tangail forest and they will have to flee back to Meghalaya, while the Mro from Bandarban district of Chittagong Hill will have to flee. Tracts, they will have to flee to Mizoram and pave the way for the future of a fully Muslim country.
Through this day, the KSU also honored the former office bearers of the KSU RIST-USTM Unit who have served for the welfare of the students of the university.
According to information received through the Special Branch Police, the Assam Police Department has conducted a thorough investigation into the churches of those people who have become Christians in the past few years. seven years and who were involved in converting Christians.
“This government should listen to the voice of the people, and as it is now, the unemployment allocation in the state is taken from Article 16 clause (vi) which talks about unemployment. , but it didn't talk about academic but the question here is how they combine the education and employment sector. Khasi, Jaintia and Garo peoples"
Inspiration is one thing that motivates a person.
He said the party has discussed the ILP, politics and peace and stability in the state.
On the occasion of the incident, the Fire Brigade together with the East Jaintia Hills Police from Khliehriat and Ladrymbai tried hard to extinguish the fire but could not as the fire was too hot.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills said that after receiving a tip about the presence of these militants who pretended to be coal miners, they conducted a search operation and arrested the four persons and the trader.
Please explain about the destruction of the Khasi character in society. Those who are destroying the character of the Khasi in society in today's societyThe role of youth in society essayki drinking pynbuaid : the powers that destroy the longbtiew of man in society.
Other speakers at the meeting included Health Minister Roshan, Additional Chief Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Y Tsering, IAS and Director of Health Services (MI) Dr RO Budnah.
After listening to the complaint from the MLA, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare promised that the government will take the necessary action.
Shillong, June 14: The HANM Women Wing (HANM) has expanded its wing by launching a new wing known as the Madan Bitaw Circle.
On the Land Regulation Act of the Assam Government, he said that the Act clearly states that no one can own land.
B. Taro scored for Nongthymmai in the 10th, 66th and M.Makri for 51' while for Sohiong SC in the 45th minute.
No one comes to the Father except through me.
The game was very interesting and friendly in the first half, but Langsning FC soon went to the Malki goal and in the 22nd minute Shano Tariang opened the scoring.
“The UDP leaders from Garo Hills have expressed their feelings but the UDP party leaders have expressed their support for me.
Prestone Tynsong MLA and Minister of State will be the Chief Guest.
Saleng strongly criticized these Government employees who should check the documents of people who enter the State and said that they should take responsibility for their own work.
Referring to the CEM, whether to appoint Bah PN Syiem or to elect another one, Bah Lyngdoh said it depends on the decision of the MDCs who will be elected after the elections.
Pynpra is not created by Ka Wei.
The HYC in the petition to the DC urged the DC to take action against these foreigners who have destroyed the environment and which is against the law under the Forest Act 1972 and Environment Protection Act
Leaders of all political parties in the Ruling and Opposition participated in the meeting. Some of them were accompanied by MLAs, but some parties like the VPP did not attend. Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister said that the Minister of Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh will head the Committee and the members of the Committee will be from other political parties. the world.
Chandauli, Naitung 19: A Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) MLA today was beaten with a stick by protesters over the lack of electricity and water in Alinagar area. .
“Publish an announcement in the media with a detailed explanation so that the public can understand,” said Bah Ardent.
Today's match was very interesting in which both the teams were very strong, although only in the second minute of the match Demtring managed to score through Maidong. Main.
On the same day, the people also held a rally around Williamnagar and shouted 'We demand Garoland.
“Another thing we are thinking of is to have our own parking lot for taxis and commercial buses and as you can see whether it is in Khyndailad or Motphran commercial vehicles can park until they are full. .
Gokhale said he had written to the District Magistrate regarding the incident and now they have given the reason that it was due to a faulty transformer and they are still waiting to replace it with another one after three months.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NPP State President Dr.WR Kharlukhi said that this is not the first meeting with Bah Pala, but it is the first meeting with Bah Pala. “Politics goes with politics, friendship goes with friendship, not only now that we have met with Bah Pala, but “I have met not only Pala but Himalaya many times,” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
Another body will be recovered tomorrow.
It is time for all of us in this region that such bloodshed in Manipur and the spread of hatred is something that those in power know well and in fact it is. they, who have to take responsibility.
Copperson Lyngdoh Nonglait is 5 feet tall, light-skinned, has blue eyes, a blue hair and at the time of his disappearance he was wearing a sweat. Gray shirt, black pants and black shoes.
Replying to a question by Miani D Shira, she said that 8 cold storages have been set up in East Khasi Hills, 3 in West Khasi Hills, 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills and 1 in South West Khasi Hills. , 8 Ri Bhoi, 7 West Jaintia Hills, 3 East Jaintia Hills, 5 East Garo Hills, 5 West Garo Hills, 6 North Garo Hills, 1 South Garo Hills and 2 South West Garo Hills.
The 50-year-old has returned as John Luther in 'Luther: The Fallen Sun' and this year we will see him in several new films.
“As it is, any ordinance that has not been passed should be brought to the Iing Dorbar during the Dorbar.
Four police officers, who were in the vehicle accompanying James, were reportedly injured, according to the report.
Thank you for your understanding.
The blood of the government is stirring like the blood of young men and women because they want to see and meet their loved ones.
Some schools have only 5 students and 6 or 5 teachers.
They also informed that in the letter sent to the two lawyers, the robbers also threw two bullets.
However, we cannot avoid the Change of Time; but what is important is to know that it is up to the parents how to build the humanity of their children even in this age of change.
Shillong: U Saleng A Sangma, who is an independent member of the Congress from John Leslee K Sangma, MLA of South Tura, has said that he will soon join the party. He has resigned from his MLAship and said that he will join the party when the time comes for him to register to contest the upcoming elections from the same constituency and on the ticket of the NCP. The President of the National People's Party (NCP) has remained vacant after the removal of Sanbor Shullai, who joined the BJP in the past few days. He expressed his regret over the statement by the UDP candidate Donbok Khymdeit at the UDP general meeting held at Madan Malki that the people who attended the meeting of Bah Dasakhiat Lamare did not They got food and turned to the nearby house until the owners of the house didn't get food anymore.
Nikhla was appointed Managing Director in November
However, the problem is that in the households, to sit around the lyngwiar dpei to teach the children, the brothers and sisters, is no longer there, because everyone has lived in the darkness. There is no time for parents and children to spend time together. There is no time for parents and children to spend time together.
On this occasion, Sukhalin said that Jaintia Hills is one of the areas which generates the most revenue but sadly it is the most neglected area which shows that the government takes but does not give.
The VPP has Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit who is the founder of the party.
She said that although she had informed the police four times by phone call, she had not received any assistance.
She also participated in the 10th All India Traditional Wrestling and Pankration Championship, 2022 and won 5 gold, 4 silver and 3 bronze medals for Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) has also taken part in the protest. MCTA General Secretary Babu Airpeace Rani has alleged that the VC is like a JCB. and thou shalt not walk in the ways.
Speaking at the meeting, Angela Rngad, member of Thma u Rangli Juki, said that the dismissal of the DC within 14 months is unacceptable. She said that the Supreme Court in 2013 has ruled that if there is any transfer of an officer within 2 years, the Civil Services Board must be appointed. (CSB) and also asked whether before the dismissal of the DC, whether the CSB has been involved in violence against some people and if there is no CSB, I mean this thing is illegal.
It also reduces and helps in the treatment of Type 1 and Type II diabetes patients and controls blood sugar levels after meals.
Speaking at the ceremony, Halen did not say many words but encouraged all his fellow football players as well as women by saying, “It is not only men who play, but women too.
Life requires that we all work together.
He earned €720 million (£615 million) between 2010 and 2019, becoming the second richest athlete in the world after American boxing star Floyd Mayweather, Jr.
Speaking on the issue of landslide on the Sonapur dirt road, Tynsong said the Secretary to the Ministry of Road Transport has expressed his concern and confirmed to look into the dirt road.
At the same time, Bah Teiskhem said, “Elections have not been discussed yet.
“Why do the people in these states support the BJP because they see that the party is working for development,” said Mawrie.
The prophecy of the prophets in our day, there is no prophet because it has been prophesied by the word of God, that what has been prophesied has been written.
“The LORD hath built up Jerusalem: he hath gathered together the outcasts of Israel” Psalm 147:2
Shillong: The KJBWA, today reported that 118 cows were seized by the KJBWA on the 7th and 11th of this month from Mawtnum, Ribhoi. They have been asking for documents to prove their ownership, but when they asked for documents to prove their ownership, they could not prove their ownership. It doesn't do anything for personal gain by colluding with the Dkhars, because in Khanapara the Dkhars are the owners of the cow market.
He is also the first doctor in the region to perform ERCP (Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangiopancreatography) which is a combination of endoscopy and X-rays and to treat various diseases.
Wisful Syiemlieh, independent candidate from Jowai Central and Dawan Lyngdoh, UDP candidate from Mynsngat Khanduli.
The president of the party said that most of the members are from the city and parts of East Khasi Hills.
The match will be played between Demthriang SC and Luti Shangpung Moosyiem SC at 2 pm tomorrow.
In this regard, the WKSU has expressed its support to the 7 villages who have protested against the Nongstoiñ-Sohpian road. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has been appointed.
The same is true of the tyrpad; then you buy it; but when he had turned it into oil, he sold it to us.
Flaming B. Marak, a resident of the village, has lodged a complaint in the High Court regarding the frequent power outages in the state.
Sibsingh and St. Peter's HSS will lead the district to the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup to be held soon in Shillong.
When asked about the steps taken by previous governments on the issue of border demarcation, Bah Martle said that the demand for demarcation has been since the 1970s and he also announced the basis. Maieid Hoping is not sure about this.
The Meghalaya men's and women's team won 2 gold, 3 silver and 17 bronze medals.
We recall that due to the intervention of the High Court, the state government has had to shut down up to 57 illegal coal burning factories in Shallang, West Khasi Hills in the past few months.
He said that the government has tried its best to improve education in the state and some parts have been worked and some parts have started work, especially the school buildings, related places in the state. further training of teachers and teaching methods in accordance with technology.
Shillong, Lber 9: Ladmawreng, Mawkalum and other neighboring villages have faced difficulties in buying water at the price of T.900/- per day. The construction of the two-vehicle road from Ladmawreng to 7th Mile, Upper Shillong has been completed for more than two months.
After the meeting with the DTO, the Union of Auto Drivers, expressed their voice and urged the government to take action to replace another MVI inside the office. The current MVI has not been able to meet the needs of the people and this has caused many people to face difficulties when they intend to renew their vehicle documents. added.
Precautions: Aadhaar cards should not be used to verify age and the process of correcting errors in the Aadhaar card should be facilitated for incomplete proof documents.
French President Emmanuel Macron, along with other French ministers, has already phoned Sudanese military officials to allow France to send troops to the country. France was able to transport these people to Sudan on that day.
Amlarem, July 10: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division, today announced that the State Government has announced the full implementation of the Meghalaya Food Grains/SK Oil (PDS) Control Order. , 2022 where there will also be a fee in respect of certain Ration activities in accordance with the following Clauses.
Compared to all the states, Meghalaya had the highest increase in consumer price index numbers by 19 points while for rural labourers, the highest increase was 19 points. in Meghalaya and Gujarat with 18 points each.
It is also worth mentioning that the area where the army truck overturned is one of the most frequent places where vehicles overturn and especially vehicles from other places and whose condition is not known. road, vehicle accidents in this area often occur during times of rainfall.
Why? Because Israel is “the side of the bomb and the weapon of war of God...it will destroy the Rulers and Deputies.
Shillong: Leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Meghalaya led by President Rikman G Momin and Government Minister AL Hek today met Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh and invited him to the Ram Mandir.
North Liberty HSS (West Jaintia Hills) beat Rongrengre Govt HSS (East Garo Hills) by 10 goals.
“It is true that Bah Lapang is a skilled leader but in terms of development, it has not grown much and there are still many shortcomings,” said the Nongpoh MDC.
Shillong, Nailur 14 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will soon take a final decision on Friday after the state government has rejected the notice issued recently regarding the CrPC. and the CPC shall not affect the powers and authority of the Kashari District Councils.
The wild animals, the birds of the air and the fish of the sea will be taken away.
Legislators are responsible for making laws and regulations and not only for state laws but also for implementing federal laws.
When asked about UDP’s claim for the position, Mr.Prestone said that it doesn’t matter who takes over the position but it is necessary that the MDA conducts a proper meeting for decision making.
“The PDF has two MLAs, Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew and Gavin M Mylliem from Sohra.
Due to the curfew, tens of thousands of workers from Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal have prepared to return to their hometowns. , have gathered at bus and railway stations in Delhi and this has created another threat to the spread of the disease, through these people who have started walking around the streets. and highways, just to get a ride back to their village.
This news started circulating on 22nd July 2020 after Bah Pradip Chullet and his fellow filmmakers lodged a complaint at Sardar Police Station against this channel.
It is an accusation only to spread Christianity, and they take advantage of the fact that they (Hindus) have power.
During these two days, there will also be an explanation to the public on the prevalence and growth of HIV/AIDS and other diseases such as Sexual Transmitted Disease (STI) in the district.
It is for this reason that there are those who criticize the abomination of denominations.
Real Madrid beat Victoria Pilsen 5-0 in the Champions League on Saturday.
Nik Dan (46 runs) and Kitboklang Rangad (42 runs) also contributed to the Lions' score.
“This is always there and we are doing well but it depends on how you work in your constituencies,” said Prestone.
The development projects will be implemented through the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) schemes for the year 2023-24 and through the MoU signed on the same day, the district will also be opened to receive various projects and development projects. .
The prize money for the tournament is T.1 lakh for the winner, T.60,000 for the runner-up, T.20,000 for the runner-up and T.10,000 for the fourth.
“However, we cannot do this, because we have to investigate whether it has anything to do with the law, because without the support of the law, the registration of land is not strong,” he said. Ardent said that the EC will consider this issue, to develop the mechanisms how to pass a law, to strengthen the registration of land within the boundary of KHADC so that those who are on the border with in Assam, they will not leave.
The money was handed over to the DC, Jowai by the Headmaster Ma Dawanroi Pyrbot and the Assistant Headmaster Philander Well Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: EE of PWD Roads, Bah Joel Marbaniang, CEO of Shillong Cantonment Board, Aayush Moria and other PWD engineers were present at the inspection. Meghalaya have taken part in the Bungy Jump, a 228 meter high jump in Kushma, Nepal, the second longest in the world.
Regarding the health centre, Bah Syrpaily Kharit President of the union said that the health center is very necessary for the residents of Nongriat, Mawlum, Nginiong, Mawbudum and Lumyrsiang. , Tiehdang, Mawlangsu, Domkohmen and other villages when they are sick they have to come to this hospital.
I myself have been afraid, but Bah Jopthiaw is no longer alive.
When Garo people are not eligible for appointment because of low marks or because they do not have the necessary education for that type of job such as engineer or doctor and others, they are appointed. Khasi-Jaintia who have passed the entrance examinations.
The Church invites and invites all to attend this annual service for the glory of God, said a statement from the Secretary-Balang Presbyterian Mawphlang.
Pray for them too, that they may rule according to His will. It is true, to hear that the elections today are different from the elections of 15 (fifteen) years ago, the rules of canvas elections are very different these days.
Shami, Md.
Therefore, for those trucks and vehicles coming from Jowai, they should not pass through the Shillong Bye-Pass road, but through the Shillong Bye-Pass road.
Although there is no law in India that cannot be recalled, if those Rangbah MPs and MDCs who won the election on the APHLC ticket) want to accept the Autonomous State, it is They should resign from the posts of MPs and MDCs and allow the people to cast their ballots (whether through Bye-Election or General Election).
Meanwhile, the work of cleaning the DI pipes to various villages has been handed over to the Local Contractors.
“Bah Bindo is one of the oldest party leaders and is also the Chief Adviser of the party.
On the same day, Kiren Rijiju, first held a meeting with all the senior government officials at the Conference Hall at the DC's office, in the presence of Dr. Joram Beda IAS, Secretary Planning, Arpit Upadhyay, IAS, DC Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, SP Ribhoi and others.
This is the word of the Word of God upon the countries, upon the kingdoms, upon all the kings and rulers to fear God because God knows and sees all these things and it is wrong to swear falsely in front of Him. That is why God made Nebuchadnezzar and King Belshazzar blasphemy and fight against the living God.
Physical education and yoga classes will reopen from 5th July 2020 and the night curfew will end, the Ministry of Home Affairs said. the Government of India.
“If Assam continues to set up its gate inside Khanduli village, we will not stand idly by and fight against it because it is our right from ancient times,” said the Waheh Shnong. .
The AAP has immediately appealed to the Supreme Court, demanding that the court should sit immediately to discuss the arrest of Kejriwal.
Be new people, help and enlighten the moneylenders.
As the Chief Minister of the State, I am proud of you for your ability to showcase your talent even in a short period of time.
Man has to obey man made laws without knowing that that human action offends God who created and gave free will and a free world to all. in this world.
The meeting was attended by the Dolloi of Mynso Elaka, Karmi Myrchiang, Rangbah Shnong of Mynso A and other Sein Raij leaders.
At the same time, the BJP leaders said that they will talk to the central government on how to provide financial assistance to Meghalaya which is a small state and still has a lot of support from the central government.
In the final of the women's category, DUBAKH 'A' won against DUBAKH 'C' where DUBAKH 'A' won the title while in the men's category, Jaïaw Pdeng won the title. SYM won the title against Jaïaw Central.
Many young people do not understand how to choose jobs and in which line to train themselves.
Russia's defense ministry says its troops from the east and west, close to Ukraine, have returned to their bases. , it was not clear whether those soldiers, who have been on the border for a long time, who continue to fight or whether they have left the border.
Adarsh ​​Thapa of YBSC Shella was awarded the Man of the Match while Dauni Phawa, General Secretary of the Futsal Association of Meghalaya and Secretary of the Futsal Association of Meghalaya. rim of Wahiajer Sport Club.
He did not rebuild the walls of Jerusalem.
The politician is still in jail after being sentenced to life imprisonment in connection with the kidnapping of Umesh Pal in 2006, the source said.
The Times Now Exit Poll has estimated that the NDA will get 306 seats, the UPA 132 seats, other political parties 104 seats, while the Republic CVoter has announced that the NDA will get 287 seats. The UPDA will get 128 seats and the SP-BSP will get 40 seats in Uttar Pradesh.
Icardi scored in the 87th minute and Malcolm scored in the second minute of Barcelona's 1-1 draw against Inter Milan. 83rd.
Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant said today: “I have ordered a complete ban on electricity, food and fuel.
“On the other hand, other ethnic minorities in the state have come to meet me to submit a petition on the demand for 15% of the employment quota for them. The Government will submit the petition to the Committee and the Expert Committee which will be set up soon to consider and inform the Government”.
A case has been registered under the NDPS Act 1985. The seized goods are worth T.49,92,7
There have been 5,637 dengue cases so far in November 2019, the highest number of cases in the country.
On the other hand, Bah Lorenso P Warjri expressed his regret over the government's lack of attention to the Kick Boxing players who do not receive any assistance from the government. but as the leader of the team, he will not hesitate to promote the talented young players and especially those who bring fame and glory to the state as a whole.
Earlier, when asked about the temporary distribution of the post of Minister, Hek said it is not up to him to explain, but it will be up to the BJP in Delhi.
Ah when? We have such a policy in our state.
Similarly, Israel, since the day of the Hamas attack, has immediately declared war against the Palestinian rebel group. the Gaza Strip city that belonged to Palestine in the past.
Sangma has failed to take action to resolve this why the government will not fail now”.
In the absence of Congress leaders alone with Wasnik, it was seen that MP Bah Vincent H Pala, along with others came to the party office for a job interview.
What will happen to their children if the Assam Government does not recognize them as Schedule Tribe? Their land which goes to Assam will also be public property and not private property or Kur or Raid or Hima as in Meghalaya because Assam is the state. plain areas and follow and implement the rules of the Thor Act.
Therefore, they decided to have a branch office in Laitkor and in 1974 they started the Seng Khasi Laitkor.
They said that those who have two/three floor houses, they are pahuh tin because they are the people of the MLA/MDC while the households who are covered with phlang, even if they shed blood, no one believes them. .
The hospital is located at Sabahmuswang village, West Jaintia Hills near the NH
On this occasion, 10 lottery tickets were drawn to entertain the participants.
Congress spokesperson Zenith Sangma also criticized the government for shutting down the Internet for nearly two months.
This decision was taken after a meeting attended by officers from various departments of Assam including education experts.
PSG will prepare for another match against Cerezo Osaka on Thursday before traveling to Tokyo to face Inter Milan.
Gogoi announced his joining ULFA (I) on his Facebook page and wrote a letter to his wife on the reason why he joined ULFA. Former Congress President Ripun Bora has joined the TMC in Kolkata today in the presence of former Congress President Ripun Bora. Abhishek Banerjee, General Secretary of the party.
Khliehriat: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHASA) Khliehriat Circle, on Tuesday, said that it strongly opposes the public hearing of Star Cement held on 29th July in the Village of Lumshnong.
“I haven't spoken to our lawyer yet if there will be any conflict with the HC hearing I can't say anything yet and I have just received the order now I have to read before criticizing anything," he said.
Besides, the vehicles passing through this road are used to transport food items from Assam to various villages in the area.
When asked if he didn't have other gifts to give and buy with the money he spent, Mahato said, “I can buy others, but the moon has a part to play. to bring his heart closer to his wife and therefore, on her birthday, since we became husband, I have nothing more to give than that.
Shillong Lajong FC, who were also the champions of the tournament last year and who are also in the Super Division of the Shillong Premiere, have lost to the RMKOFT 2018 in the group stage. Marbisu FC beat Marbisu FC 2-1 in the 1st Division of the Shillong League.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah HK Thabah, expressed his gratitude to the DDMO, Nongstoin for the organization of the event. This program of distribution of these items will greatly assist the trained volunteers to use them in the event of natural disasters or other tragedies.
Finally, Lawrence worked at the Accountant General's Office in Shillong under the sports quota.
Many of the groups have demanded to postpone the public hearing scheduled for the 9th of this month.
Due to the difficulties in working with banks due to the difficulty in accessing benefits through central and state government schemes, people have had to travel to distant places to open their bank accounts.
Frankie Nongrum, Convener of the Umsning Area Headman Forum, said that during the repairs, there were very few signs on the road and one should walk only on the unrepaired side.
The JSU also strongly condemns the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat for his stingy accounting and leaving the employees of the Council without payment of salaries for many months.
The children of Seiñraij Mukhla this morning left their homes early in the morning to cut down the trees from the forest for the purpose of planting at Madan Ryngkaw on Musiang (24/08/2020).
Shillong, July 31: The Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association (MEA) has lodged a complaint against the National Green Tribunal (NTU) for violating the order of the state government. NGT, on three consecutive occasions.
Paul Lyngdoh said that there are no more than three or four candidates from the UDP for the Lok Sabha seat. Regarding the contest for the election of the leaders of the Autonomous District Councils, Bah Paul said that the Selection Committee has He has met several times on this issue and expects that the party will be able to release the names of the candidates by July,
When asked about the letter of withdrawal of support sent by the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang on the night of 3rd October, Conrad admitted that the party had sent but it is the members who have been elected as leaders who support his government.
And it came to pass after these things, that there arose another king over Egypt, which knew not the children of Israel.
Treiborlang R Suchen General Secretary JSU also explained the importance of education which is a tool that can carry wherever you go and urged the students to continue their education and to encourage parents to send educate their children so that they can become the beneficiaries of society.
The villages that will benefit from this scheme are Mawlai Rim, Umjapung, Umthlong and Mawlai Nongkwar Block 13 which will cover 3750 households.
Shylla said that after finding the letter, he started searching the papers and found that there is a rule that the District Council also has the authority to implement the ILP. “Everything has been left like that but now it is good news for the people that the district council also has the authority to implement the ILP but it will only work in the areas under its jurisdiction. " said Mr. Shylla.
However, the government's failure to release the 2nd installment of the arrear of the revised pay before Teachers' Day as reminded and demanded. From time to time, through the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) and finally to the Chief Minister on 14th July 2019, but until now there has been no sign and the government does not believe and does not take into account this. the immediate demand of school teachers.
Will it affect the work of the government if they involve themselves in other activities or will it incite someone to take advantage of such a law?
He said that in Manipur, the state where the Act is in force, 1,500 people have been shot dead by the army due to suspicion, in Nagaland, women have been raped by the army and He said that he can witness the protests of the people of the North East from time to time, but he said that the law has done something wrong. “Until now we don't see that the government or the law will punish such people,” said GHP Raju, IGP. He said that his speech at the rally will be his personal opinion and not as a government official. He said that the court has issued the order on the 2nd of this month. He said that the AFSPA has been stirred up in the state these days, but in the democratic country, he said that it is necessary to bring forward three Ds. a Discussion or discussion, a Debate or a Decision or a decision.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Sanbor said that as usual, before the Christmas celebration, a cleanliness drive was held in Laban.
Shillong, July 20: XI Star and Sanmer CC won their Shillong Cricket League 3rd Division match on Tuesday at Urkaliar Stadium.
The destruction of the city of Jerusalem and the kingdom of Judah was so terrible that even though the liberation from Babylon had been nearly a hundred years old, the Jews had not been able to rebuild it.
Regarding the bombing death of four escaped robbers in the forest on the border of Shangpung and Muthlong villages, the DGP said that the police have lodged a suo motu case against them. that crowd that donkti.
Shillong, Nailar 07 : The increase in the price of food items, beverages and other items has been one of the issues facing not only Meghalaya but all the states in India.
This is the question asked by the Government of India,” he said while speaking at the 112th Anniversary of the passing away of the great writer of the Jaidbynriew, Pahep Rabon Sing Kharsuka.
Others who attended the opening ceremony were Bah L.Kharmalki, President of Sohryngkham Sports Club and the elders of Sohryngkham.
“This is not to criticize the border trade, but they want the public to have the same rights.
The total number of cases has risen to 5,015 and the death toll has risen to
Hamletson said their reason is that they no longer want to be in the party and no one can be arrested by force if they want to do so.
The Azara Campus which hosts the School of Engineering & Technology and the School of Social Sciences is fully equipped to cater to 1600 students….
The program was held at the Dorbal Hall of Chilliangraij Village, Jowai with the participation of school children, teachers of Chilliangraij Govt.
The heavy rains which continue today, have flooded villages in several districts of the state.
Tura: Five members of the Achik Baptist Dalgipa Krima Sobha (ABDK) were injured when a small bus collided with another person in Rajasimla, North Garo Hills. u tree, on Sunday morning.
The Committee will also visit each village to inspect and analyze the drinking water supplied to the households.
The fire destroyed the entire house near the main road, owned by Kong Peaceful Phawa.
In Chokpot, the NPP Chief spoke about various development projects introduced by the NPP-led Government to ensure the development of South Garo Hills, which has been neglected for decades. He urged the people to vote for the NPP candidate Sengchim Sangma.
The Word of God teaches, “Resist the devil, and he will flee from you” (James 4:7).
Thousands of members of the four political parties including the KSU, RBYF, HNYF and FKJGP, have visited the area, which is also the area of ​​the government. They have planned to build an Entry Point, where they have gathered many people at the place, along with the banner that these four organizations from Ri Lum Khasi and Lai from Ri Lum Garo, have been demanding. The government should expedite the implementation of the foreign search centre.
Tynsong also disagreed with the demand of the Sengbhalang to resolve the issue within 2.3 months, as it has been pending for a long time.
“When inquired, he said that most of the tyndong pynsawa seized were from two shakar and some were from vehicles, and the fine is T.5000 as stipulated by the department.
“All the residents of the village have turned their faces to the UDP party, whether they are foreigners who have lived in our state or in Garo Hills and we want to elect the Prime Minister by a human being. you're not right".
In the women's category, the Best Goalkeeper award went to Nibari Maring of Ri-Bhoi, who won the title for her ability to save. Inrilaidor Khongthaw of East Khasi Hills won two awards including the Top Scorer title after scoring 15 goals. He scored 10 goals and was named Player of the Tournament.
The President of the union said that the union has urged all schools and colleges in the district to close on that day to join in the commemoration of the two victims.
We must put forward the values ​​and dignity that our ancestors have established.
Four unidentified persons also set fire to a government vehicle (ML 01 6971) at Mahari Petrol Pump in Jaiaw Langsning.
The Loompyrdi Iongpiah Jowai invites all players to participate in this tournament.
In 2016, NEHU was ranked 15th.
Speaking to media at his office, the MLA, who is also the Chairman of the Health Advisory Board, said, “The most important thing is the safety of all.
Most of the time, the wealth in such times flows to those who have the opportunity to earn money, that is, to foreigners and foreign states (drain of wealth).
Three others are scheduled to be transferred to the same hospital.
The Khanduli Dorbar Shnong on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills regarding the invasion of the Khanduli Forest by robbers at Samynthoo.
However, at the same time, it was reported that most of the MDCs accepted the division of constituencies to be like the MLA constituency.
He said that as a leader of the people, he blesses the people of this village to continue to progress in all aspects of life and as the residents of the village, they should work together with the village authorities. “It will bring about change and development for the people in the village as a whole,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The state government has decided to open a blood bank at Jowai Civil Hospital.
He said the FSC will decide how to implement the FSS in the state in accordance with the provisions of the Food Security Ordinance passed by the President recently.
There are crores of women, tribals, scheduled castes and backward communities, who have now become millions, because they have their own homes, through the schemes of the government of India. .
However, almost half of the schools in Meghalaya are private schools run by the Christian Church.
This is the reason why a person feels tired, fatigued and finds it difficult to concentrate on any activities.4.
The owners of pig farms were also urged to keep their workplaces clean and restrict the entry and exit of people into these farms.
That is the appointment of Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman and so on.
“It is not the duty of the state to demand the construction of roads in the state,” said Prestone.
However, today he came to clarify that if all the farmers in the Manad San Shnong Area are united, they can set the price according to their ability, not for the buyers to set the price. goods that the farmers had produced.
Speaking to media after congratulating Bah Ardent, Bah Robertjune said the HYC is ready to split if the recruitment quota in the state cannot be resolved. .
This decision will be taken after consultation with the school authorities, based on their assessment of the situation, and in accordance with the rules.
The rally was also attended by Khasi and other ethnic groups who attended the rally organized by the Manipur Support Group.
He said that the destruction of the environment has affected the global warming and the world is now struggling to improve and protect the environment because of the increase in global warming. but Swiss.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) has opposed the BJP's census of the people of the North East.
Worldwide, 4,399,070 people have been positive, 296,092 have died and 1,644,398 have recovered.
“By the end of November 2023, we will be able to show the names of those revenue collection gates that have been included in the names, which will be implemented as revenue collection gates, check points. “It's a good idea to collect revenue from foreign countries,” said the Syiem.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Near the main road in Lyngkyrdem village, there is a strange stone which is only about 10 feet tall. From the right, from the left and from the back, the signs on the stone are not explained yet even the villagers of the village do not know what the inscription means and where it is. identify.
" He thanked the entire Aspire team for their hard work in mentoring the youngsters and helping them to recognize their own potential.
On the other hand, the ARPA MDCs have strongly opposed the passage of the Bill. ARPA MDC Ardent said that the ARPA wants to pass the bill for the sake of protecting the people while the “We don't support the Bill and we shouldn't force it,” said Ardent.
Members of six student unions of Manipur under the leadership of the All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU) on Tuesday staged a protest in Imphal to demand that the government The Manipur State Population Commission (NRC) should be implemented in the state.
After this, the participants from the Warrior Centers of the factories in Byrnihat were given the opportunity to ask questions on how to become assistants, support opportunities and others.
If not to you who are reading this article, maybe to your family, your friends and your neighbours.
These vehicles are like cars but are stronger than horses.
The statement said that the party has announced the name of Bah Panbor as the candidate at the meeting held on 23rd November 2013 and has not allowed the supporters who wish to support Bah Rosterwel Kharryngki. as a candidate.
The forest divisions that received the weapons on the day included the Central Forest Division, Parks & Sanctuary, Kangpokpi, Churachandpur, Thoubal, Bishnupur and Chandel Forest Division.
They also urged the children to use their talents properly, to obey discipline, to be smart and strong, to avoid bad habits and to be punctual.
When asked why the government has withdrawn the T.27 crore allocated for the Sohra Ecological Project, Bah Rowel said there is no clear reason why the money has been withdrawn. for some urgent government projects.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Unit led by Samla Ewanmi Phawa President and Samla Solangki Paslien General Secretary today met with the Chairman of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Unit. (MeCL) due to the low electricity supply in the areas of Mihmyntdu, Lum pyrtuh Mowamon, and other villages of Mihmyntdu.
Honesty Phawa scored in the 5th minute and Evening Tariang in the 51st minute.
On this occasion, the father of Kong Agelbeth has lodged a complaint with the Laban Police Station and demanded that those people involved in violating her virginity and spreading videos should be punished. intentions and writings to defame her family.
He said the government will be able to take a final decision on the matter until the HLC has completed its consideration and submitted its report.
Bah Hamletson Dohling, in his speech, congratulated the school principals and teachers who have dedicated themselves body and soul to provide services to the students and also to improve the education of the students of the village and area. Nongkseh is the whole thing.
Another problem is the overstaffing which is beyond the needs of the Council.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills together with four organizations including KSU Khliehriat Circle, AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, FKJGP Khliehriat Circle, FKJGP Narpuh Circle and HNYF-East Jaintia Zone have held a meeting to discuss the issue. The HNPF has announced that there will be no curfew in the district as announced by the HNPF on the 30th and 31st of this month for two days.
“At the last meeting, we said that since you cannot say anything now, go and talk to the leaders in charge of the issues raised by the government and then come back to talk,” he said. Preston.
Not only that, it was reported that food is very scarce and only those who are rich can afford to buy food and drink.
JOWAI: The Chilliangraij UP School, SSA Jowai to raise awareness among the public on the importance of cleanliness in schools and villages has conducted a training on cleanliness under the theme “Make Swachh Bharat Mission a Reality”.
He said that he intends to hold a meeting between the Deputy Chief Minister SDhar, the DC and the departments in charge of agriculture together with the farmers in order to discuss the need for improve the fields.
However, speaking to reporters, the chairman of JACATAM, Bah ED Nongsiang, said that the teachers were surprised to see the speech of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Dr RC Laloo. He also suggested to the government on the need for an Education Policy in the state.
In this regard, Bah Mayral urged the leaders of the group to look into this issue by giving assistance to those children and youths who have been affected by this problem so that they can fight. against the eradication of drugs and children who are in the midst of despair will be encouraged and have a purpose in life.
Shillong, November 23: The Leader of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titostarwell Chyne today said that the Council has set up a Special Committee to discuss the issue of Social Custom of Clan. Administration) Bill.
PK Dubey said that the Prime Minister has ordered that all the signboards should be completed within this year, but he said that there are some places in the state which cannot be done because of the did not get a place.
“The Congress government has always given the North Eastern states a special status and has a special place in our hearts.
“The demand of ACHIK to make Tura the rainy season capital of the State is unfounded, whether Garo Hills is far from Shillong or there are problems that prevent people from coming from Shillong. “To Shillong,” said KHNAM in a statement through its Working President, Bah Thomas Passah.
Furthermore, he called upon the JYF to continue to work together for the good, development of the society and urged the JYF to continue to work together for the betterment and development of the society. Seng to continue to serve better the country and the people in all aspects.
“We have many party workers in Pynthorumkhrah, we have many people,” said Bah Kharsati.
He said that the government has already prepared through the Ministry of Health, Water Supply and other departments for the improvement projects to be implemented in this district which has reached 700 (Hynñiewspah ) crore and expressed his satisfaction to see that this area has started to move forward in all aspects through the development projects of various departments.
This has led to the fact that they have looked closely at the employees to see what kind of work they are doing.
Paul agreed that the appointment of Chairperson should not be made only if a person has links with any political party.
The district authorities especially the PWD department had to send a Puhshilum to the area to clean up the soil which had fallen in the middle of the road to release the stranded vehicles.
Police said that the incident occurred when the driver of a motorcycle (ML05-AA-6505), who hit the woman, fell asleep in the middle of the road. blood from parts of the head.
The child suffered from Trevor's Disease (Dysplasia Epiphysealis Hemimelica).
For more than two years, Bah Pon has been the Acting Sordar but he has done the same and has not convened the Raid Dorbar. The meeting was held with the Acting Sordar but they said that it has ended only with the consent of the Syiem and the work has not reached anywhere.
Members of JPK under the leadership of Rgh Bantei also attended the ceremony.
Kharshandi said the number of voters in these four constituencies has increased to
On this occasion, Fr Norbert also cut the cake which was donated by his dear friend Wanjop Sohkhlet.
““As players in the past, we have seen the difficulty of getting a field to play and that is why all four of us have contributed to achieve this goal.
The wings are gray and marked with yellow.
The clash between Assam and Nagaland has intensified after Assam police seized a JCB for the construction of a road in the Dissou forest in Jorhat district.
If a candidate who has not spent before the election and before becoming an MLA wins, he has lost and this is what we often see in different constituencies especially when the rich win, because they have not spent money. I don't know why, but the people say that they don't get anything, but they forget that they have already received the election, because The rich, if they spend 1,000, should get 50,000 because it is not only to get back what they have lost but to get two or three.
The funeral service was held at Aarhus Cathedral in Denmark, accompanied by Povlsen, his wife Anne and Astrid, his only child. There are 4 people in the country.
After that, the consequence of their decline was that the Khasi living in the area would suffer.
“This is a blessing and honor for us because when we have our own land, we have our own rights and freedoms, where other nations do not have the ownership of the land. ".
The winner in the Under-14 category for boys and girls was Babukona Upgraded U.P.School and the second place went to Montfort Higher Sec School.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the police station, Bah Louis said that the allegation against the Secretariat as a den of thieves is due to the government's mismanagement of funds. which belongs to the people.
On the other hand, the plaintiff said that although the construction of the flyover from Rilbong to Jhalupara has not yet started, dozens of trees have already been cut down.
We also urge the political parties not to mislead the people of Sohra on this issue just for election gain,” said Atiar Syiemlieh, Chairman, Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF).
When he arrived in Sylhet in 1948, he wrote to the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, “I will never set foot in any Indian territory (Hindustan). .
JAC Secretary Daiapherbha Lamare said that this is good news for the people of the Elaka and they have decided to donate land for the block office. even after this area generates a lot of revenue for the government.
The flag of the country shall not be thrown on the ground or on the ground or in the water.
When she got home, in the evening the neighbors came to greet Rida.
The Church itself will remain a pure and holy Church even if there are many enemies who try to destroy it.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya has inaugurated the Half Way Home for the Rehabilitation of People with Mental Illness at Sabahmuswang, West Jaintia Hills District.
“On the part of the party, we have suggested that as a nation we don't want Meghalaya to be like Tripura where the villagers will become low paid,” said Bah Kharbani.
Shillong, March 3: The State Bank of India (SBI) has expanded its services to the people in rural areas through the Rural Self-Employment Training Institute (RSETI) at Umran-Niangbyrnai, Ri-Bhoi District. The department, funded by the State Bank of India RBO, Dhankheti Shillong, has started providing training to the rural people since 2009 in various types of training to start their own businesses and stand on their own feet. The aim is to improve the income of farmers, farmers and youth in rural areas through adequate and comprehensive training on how to grow in their agriculture. and three.
The EC also met with the elders of the village to listen to their concerns regarding the attack by the Assam Government against them.
Rikman will lead the BJP to the Lok Sabha MP elections even though the results of the MLA elections this year have made it difficult for the BJP to do well in the MP elections from Shillong and Tura constituencies. .
He said that many complaints have been received from the owners and drivers of trucks that the total illegal collection of money has reached T.1,28,400 from many places including Nanggal Police Station T.2000, Nengkra. Out Post T.500, Dubu Police Outpost T.500, Rongmil Police Station T.3100, MVI Rongmil Check Point T.1000 and other places.
The Central Government Department has now decided to implement the Engineering Procurement Construction (EPC) contract with the company that will construct the bridge so that the work can be completed as soon as possible.
Conrad said that after seeing that it was too difficult to recover, the Congress party was ready to distribute schemes to the people by promising T.5000 per household. just how to get votes.
Within a few minutes, the police and 4 vehicles came to try to stop the truck, because in this incident it caused a terrible traffic jam which stopped without being found. I can't walk.
The Social Welfare Department has launched the Aadhar registration process for all POSHAN beneficiaries and those who will benefit from Anganwadi centres.
The Minister said the Manipur government will take up the matter with the central government at Pallel.
Shillong: The Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), Sohra Division, on Tuesday said that there will be a temporary closure of the Sohbar-Tharia road from 8 pm to 12 noon and from 12 pm onwards. from 1pm to 5pm.
In the Under-15 men's category, East Khasi Hills beat East Jaintia Hills 2-0 with both goals scored by Emboklang Nongkhlaw.
It should be reminded that it starts with two people, a woman and a man, to create a family through parenthood and from this, the longkur will emerge and when there are several longkurs and longkha, the jaidbynriew will emerge.
There are also heavy vehicles which have collided with each other just because of these heavy potholes, which have had to fight with the drivers to steer the vehicles to avoid falling into these potholes, if you look closely at the The road has become like a forest road which can only be used by Shaktiman trucks or 4 wheel trucks.
In East Khasi Hills, 34 cases including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 32 cases from civilians, 10 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi District and 1 case in South West Garo Hills. There are 5 cases in East Garo Hills and 2 cases in East Garo Hills.
As a nation, we stand proud because as the days go by, the Students' Union of the State, has taken on its responsibility by erecting statues of the sword of the nation, like Tirot. Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, u Kiang Nangbah, whom we believe will continue to save or preserve and also to preserve many of the heroes of the nation, who have stood up to protect us. not only by the war, but even by those who stood up to fight by preserving the traditional faith, and in literature, song, dance, music and traditional music.
The protest was held in front of the EE's office and lasted for 10 hours.
He also speaks the truth because he is a Garo because it is impossible to lose what you have gained.
However, the media could not reveal the name of the pilot who flew the plane on that day and the reason why the plane stopped operating on that day has not been found out. sun.
With this victory, Langsning has 13 points in fourth place from six games and Nongrim Hills has 9 points from nine games.
Police are investigating and are looking for three others including his brother Ten Siangshai, Nebalson Ryngkhlem and Rilang Ryngkhlem.
He expressed his concern over the increase in the number of part-time school dropouts and hoped that with the implementation of the new NEP, they will be able to use their skills and transfer those skills to others. other benefits that can further develop the country.
There are still many changes in our lives as citizens due to Covid19, the current election in the USA is through the internet – the Election Commission of India recently asked for opinion from political parties Due to the social distancing rules, we should be able to hold the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid or Dorbar Hima through the internet soon.
The Lok Sabha election in the state will be held on 19th June.
In 2013-14, Mizoram had no male abortions, Arunachal Pradesh had two, Meghalaya had 14 and Nagaland had
Ed) but they didn't pass the 45 % so a problem arises".
The tournament was held at the SAI STC Center located on the campus of Nehu University, Shillong.
The Meghalaya Chess Association (KSU) has organized the 3rd U Tirot Sing Syiem Memorial Rapid Chess Championship 2022 (Open, Under) to mark the 187th Death Anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem. -13 and Under -10 Category Championship) on Saturday at Governments Girls Highers Secondary Schools.
Bajrang Dal leader Mithu Nath, speaking at a rally in Silchar a few days ago, has criticized the closure of the Vivekananda Center in Shillong.
Officials of the DRI team said that most of the seized gold was found hidden inside the bodies of these smugglers, making it difficult for them to be recovered.
Speaking after Bernard's bail, Mawrie said the charges against Bernard are groundless, because they don't have sufficient evidence, but it's just a political issue. kingdom to benefit.
Lanosha told her mother, “Badno khun
Everyone is invited to attend this march and awareness campaign for the protection of the Myntdu River. 76 people have been confirmed new cases of COVID-1 The number of cases in the state has risen to 394 on Tuesday.
Jowai, Nailar 19: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBFF) today urged and warned the Karbi friends especially those living between Labang Nangphyllut Pangam Raliang and West Jaintia Hills District not to create any border disputes. conflicts that lead to ethnic differences and bloodshed.
Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah became the winners after beating Khliehmuchut Shangpung 2-1 goals. The match between the two teams was very interesting and thrilling from the first half. until the second half.
Shakira, one of the singers who has sold 95 million albums, is also the most famous Latin singer.
It is the law of the land.
This church was founded by Rev. Hiah Pohlong with the assistance of his brother; Riang Pohlong and this church, which was founded in 1889, is the second after the Jowai Church founded by the founder HK Singh Lyngdoh Nongbri.
The containment areas also include the entry points from Dawki-Amlarem to Jowai Road-Shnongpdeng, Dawki Boating Point and Dawki PHC to Tamabil.
God saw these things in Israel but he was patient and after patience he destroyed that wicked inheritance, he destroyed the ungodly kings and rulers of the kingdoms.
He said the Disciplinary Committee has been tasked to send a report on those accused of involvement in the incident within 15 days.
Noting that these words go hand in hand, he said that if used in English, the word 'India' is used while in Hindi, the word 'Bharat' is used.
Tura, July 15 : The President of Meghalaya, Droupadi Murmu has inaugurated the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura. .
NSCN Chief Q. Tuccu and General Secretary Th.
I want to serve the people, the state and the country.
In the Men's Singles Open, Mebanker Shullai won the title by defeating Deilang and O Nongpluh 21-11, 21-1
The Committee on Reservation Roster held its first meeting on Tuesday in which all the leaders of the elected political parties, except the Voice of the Reservation Roster, attended the meeting. The People's Party (VPP) led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has refused to attend the meeting on the demand for the amendment of the Employment Act.
The farmers who were shot dead by the police on the border of Delhi.
If it is not enough and more people fail than pass, the Managing Committee has the responsibility to investigate why this is the case.
The Sein Raij Muthlong requests all those who come to this Shad Sukra to be knowledgeable Briew Tip Blei, not to do anything that does not fit into the society, and to find anyone who does wrong in this. The General Secretary, Bah K.Ymbon, said that the Shad Sukra will be punished according to the law.
Initially, it was the All India Trinamool Congress that started to show its power by defecting 12 members of the Congress party to join the new party.
The NDA in Delhi does not like such people who have changed their minds.
The 40 km road from Weiloi to Rangblang has been allocated for the improvement of the road at a cost of T.27 crore, which is one of the 45 projects under the Non Lapsable Central Pool of Resources scheme. Shillong, July 22: After a few days of Chairman R Sangma, Chairman of the National League for Democracy (NLCPR) Champion has been accused of having close ties with several leaders and politicians, as well as his party colleagues. she alleged that he had a close relationship with the police.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the BSF in the border areas are the closest helpers of the people.
Almost all the tied players of Ri-Bhoi have scored runs for the team.
Almost all of these things are commodities.
One is the footpath at William Point near the GHADC which has been constructed at a cost of more than Rs 10 lakh, but nothing has been done. “What work has been done on the site in the last six years and other works which the GHADC has shown to have been completed, but it has not been so,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, Ïaïong 26: It is an encouraging activity for other girls who have the spirit to help others in need of emergency assistance, in which one of the young girls from A 14-year-old child has been rescued from Mawkyrwat village in South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to Rupang, Teinwell Dkhar, UDP MDC from Shella, said, “I have not asked for an answer from Allan West, but I will ask for an answer from the House”.
Speaking on the issue within the MPCC, Bajop said, “All the MLAs and MDCs have decided to elect Charles Pyngropew as the President of the MPCC. I don't know what happened inside the AICC, it has changed and appointed an MP of the Lok Sabha as President”.
According to the classification, these electric vehicles are divided into four categories including Goods Carrier or 2-wheeler, M-Cycle/Scooter or Motorcycle. There are 39 vehicles, 18 motor cars and 15 three wheelers.
Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong has organized a Collaborative Integrated Health Mela at Laitmawsiang Rural Health Centre, East Khasi Hills District on the 10th of this month to mark its Centennial Jubilee Celebration. month.
As in the previous matches, the batsmen have played well but all that remains is to improve their bowling and ball handling.
The Modified Category will be T.15,000, Semi-Modified Category T.10,000 and Stock Category T.6,0
The union hopes that the state government will take strong action by implementing the Essential Commodities Act 1955 to punish those who take advantage of the price increase.
Shillong, November 18: A post mortem meeting of the political parties will be held tomorrow to find out why they lost the mid-term MDC elections. 16th of this month.
Six new MDCs of KHADC will be sworn in tomorrow and they include Samlin Malngiang of HSPDP from Sohiong constituency, HS Shylla of UDP from Nongkrem constituency, Ricky Blanding Warjri of the NCP from Laban-Mawprem constituency, Blanding Warjri of the HSPDP from Mawthad Raishan constituency, Equator Nongrang of the UDP from Mairang constituency and Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang of the Congress from Rambrai constituency.
On the MPCC's statement that Mawthoh should challenge the Congress party regarding the demand to step down and demand that they elect another leader, Mawthoh said he too can. He said that if he cannot fight against the Prime Minister, how can the Congress criticize Modi who is the Prime Ministerial candidate of the BJP? Dr. Mukul Sangma should resign because even in Garo Hills he cannot control the law and order situation and how he can look after the state as a whole. The will of the people to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and who has completely closed the door to discussion on this issue, he added.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Saturday under the leadership of KSU Narpuh President Bah KS Suchiang, General Secretary Bah Sanatomba Bamon, members and members of the KSU Huroi Unit on Saturday immediately suspended the protest. Construction of border fencing and construction of road along the border with Bangladesh at Huroi village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Hundreds of people from Ri Bhoi Sepngi, Ri Bhoi Sepngi, came to support the meeting and also to listen to the explanation from these four political parties.
A true elder who has power, authority and glory is because he has a mind that teaches him because alcohol produces the wicked and destroys the rights of others (Is 5:22-23) .
We get 63 billion cubic liters of water every year but of this, 31 billion cubic liters flows to Bangladesh and 31 billion cubic liters to Assam,” he said while launching the Meghalaya Water Smart Kid Campaign. The Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) has launched a campaign to raise awareness among children on the importance of water conservation.
Kynta said that after a thorough consideration, the court has decided to dismiss the PIL filed by the CSWO and accept the order issued by the Governor on the 31st of this month. Jymmang, 2016 after accepting the opinion of the Election Commission which explained that the election of MDCs and MLAs is not a salary position as the District Council does not fall under the State Government or the Central Government and does not fall under Article Clause 1.
They get home at 7:30 pm.
Ma Philemon said that another important need is in relation to the health of the residents of the area, what the government and the health department are doing to prevent the spread of COVID-1 -19, which has spread to many countries around the world, has also caused tragic incidents.
“We are sorry for this negligence of the network companies because there is no purpose for them to erect these towers without a network.
Although the rain fell in the morning, it stopped until 12 noon and the people came to listen to Bah Ardent's explanation on the foundation of the VPP. Ardent said that in the last elections, the people of Sohiong constituency did not want to vote for the NPP because it is the ruling party in the past three years. years but they chose another national party.
The expenditure is estimated at T.16,202 crore for the year 2018-2019, of which the revenue will be T.13,700 crore and other expenditure will be T.2,502 crore.
Teach the youth of the Scheduled Tribe of Meghalaya to work hard and not to go to the shops but to compete with the Indigenous Tribes of Meghalaya by winning with the merit of 80% Indigenous. Meghalaya Scheduled Tribe for government jobs and education in various technical fields.
In the Under 14 boys category, HK Singh SS West Jaintia Hills beat Mynken Higher Secondary School, Ri Bhoi District 3-2
If the coaches are government employees and work in administrator posts, there will be a bias in the selection of players.
The talks lasted for several hours between the army chiefs of the two sides and after that, they dispersed without any casualties on the part of the Indian troops.
Shillong, November 03: The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized smuggled goods worth T.25 crore from across the border areas of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Nongpoh, June 07: Umeit Secondary School in Ri-Bhoi District today held a training program on the occasion of the World Health Day through the School Nursery Scheme and the Kitchen Garden for school children.
The four pillars of the Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan for a self-reliant India, including income, resources, employment opportunities and demand will be promoted through the scheme.
However, it is worth mentioning that this building has been under construction since 1986, but during the preparation, many stones have appeared which have become difficulties in running this building. task.
Nongdkhar said they have also reminded the officer regarding the not yet starting of the Nongkynjang PHC, which was upgraded last year.
In another incident, Rithaika Sri Omtri, 18, who had just completed her Class 12 and was going to study architecture, during the covid-19 pandemic in in the year
Meghalaya Police have recovered a woman from the road near the forest in Tangoan village under Mankachar police station on Tuesday.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the government should fully implement the Meghalaya State Sports Policy
Nongpoh: In order to bring closer the Karbi and Khasi communities, especially to address the problems faced by the Khasi communities living in the villages in Block-I and Block II The All Meghalaya Karbi Association (KHADC) has expressed its desire to have another MDC from the Karbi community in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Khasi people will serve in the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC).
Yesterday they issued an announcement and I informed him today.
He said that schools, colleges and churches need to work together to teach children and youth to say “No to Drugs”.
Shillong: The EJNC (EJNC) has received a complaint from the parents of the employees of the 1 India Family Mart in Khliehriat East that their children Leaders of the two organizations under the leadership of Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, President EJNC-CEC and Bah Ency Shadap, President HANM-EJHD, today held a meeting to discuss the issue. He went to meet with the management of the mall to discuss the problem faced by the Trai Ri Trai Muluk.
Once upon a time, Umtyrpeiñ village was a large and prosperous village under the Raid Labang of Labang Nangphyllut Elaka but now it has no houses and most of the residents of this village have fled the village.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “We have based our decision on the rules.
The spraying has started from Kher Sohlap-Umdoh-Mawpot which is the venue of Hat Shella. in the market.
In this regard, Goel said that the implementation of this group has not started yet.
Shah said compared to the last 10 years for the North East and the 75 years since the country gained independence, this 40 years is indeed a precious time for the North East. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, EM of Market Department, UDP MDC Donkupar Sumer said that the UDP MDCs have not yet sent any letter to the ARPA. “We will send a letter to the ARPA demanding the replacement of the leadership as soon as possible,” said Bah Sumer.
Newhills and Pamanik won the match, while Mynso Blazon and Mookaswan Dongneiñ drew 0-0
Rev Marsing urged the faithful to remember God at all times to be with them on their journeys to avoid injury and death. peace because the Word of God understands it.
“This book will be included in the state central library so that future generations can follow and I urge the intellectuals to move forward,” he said.
The PDF will contest in all 36 constituencies in Khasi-Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
The IMPS system has been implemented by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI).
We really understand the importance of LOVE FOR OUR KHASI COUNTRY these days.
They also alleged that Prestone Tynsong Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also in charge of the PWD department, has a relationship with the contractor, otherwise he would not have dared to suspend the work until now.
It is the money paid by the taxpayers but not by the NPP,” he said.
Out of these 1196 cases, 854 cases in East Khasi Hills, 45 cases in West Khasi Hills, 55 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills. cases, 18 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 116 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 80 cases in East Garo Hills and 11 cases in North Garo Hills. 9 people.
And in Khasi it means “The Christian Family is a Family in which all the members are united by the love of God.
“As I said in the House, to encourage people to stay on the border, we should congratulate Bah Michael Warjri who has left to stay on the border and others should follow the example of Bah Michael,” he said. said the MLA of Mawkyrwat.
“We have received a reply from the HPC, and the Government has sent a certificate to the Court on the measures we should take,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
He said that until now, the places where milk has been collected are from Umlyngka, Mawlai, Hynniewmer, Mylliem, Nongmynsong, Kyrdemkulai and other places near Shillong.
The children are between 8 and 10 years old.
The death toll from the natural disasters since the heavy rains has risen to 12 across the state, while two people are still missing.
Is there any evil intention, is there any reason why the state government has appointed people in the Lokayukta”.
Sarmah, Chief Technical Officer (CTO) Shree Narayan and Head Corporate Affairs (C&M) Mr.Samarjeet Thakur.
On the other hand, the two organizations assured that they will monitor and ensure that the authorities of Hailakandi, to fully implement the fundamental rights of the Khasi in these four areas, said a statement from U. Bah Markus Tariang, Public Secretary-KSU Barak Valley.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Pay For Right Football Academy (PFR-FA) has won the SSA (SRGT) 3rd Division Football League 2023 after beating The final was played on Tuesday at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium against Mylliem Lum SC. The match was very interesting in which both the teams played hard from the beginning to the end but it was PFR-FA have scored two goals to become the champions of the 3rd Division.
Iatylli won the tie breaker 5-3
The film Search of Self produced by Na-Me Productions was released on 4th March at Mission Compound Durbar Hall by the Rangbah Shnong of Mission Durbar, Bah Jeffrey. Basan, in the presence of Prasanjit Mishra as a Hindi film producer from Mumbai.
Shillong, Lber 1: The BJP has strongly criticized the statement by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, that in the next 6-7 years, the state will become a self-sufficient state. hi more than necessary.
“On the same day, the BSF seized clothes worth T 2 lakh 21 thousand tyngka from the same border area,” the BSF said. After a while, the robbers gathered nearby and entered the BSF camp and started throwing stones and empty beer bottles at the BSF troops. but they did not stop throwing stones and empty bottles,” said the soldiers.
Choudhury reportedly refused to meet Imran at the last minute, raising suspicion among the Bangladesh authorities.
At the same time, the faith has not taught the people to submit and allow the authorities to oppress and insult.
On the other hand, the VDP through its President, Dephai Bareh, urged the VDPs to take responsibility and also to keep social distances during their duty.
He wanted to know more about how the children are still dropping out of school even though there have been proper measures to ensure that all the children across the state are enrolled in the schools. school.
“If you are not satisfied with what our leaders are doing, there is an opportunity to bring about change by using the tool empowered through one vote to bring about the change you want," he said.
The two government ministers promised to take action to implement the demand of Seinraij Muthlong.
The Court, while hearing the case on Tuesday, after a thorough hearing, said that the dorbar should not be adjourned, but the dorbar shall be chaired by the Deputy Chairman and the Chairman shall be MDC and has the right to vote and other rights, but the Chairman shall not be allowed to conduct the dorbar and act as Chairman, until the case is finalised.
Finally, through an offer of peace talks, Tirot Singha was arrested on the 9th of July 1833 after he left his hiding place.
Causes behind stomach problems: Change in diet: Choosing to eat high-fat foods rather than daily foods are the possible causes of stomach problems .
In Kerala, the members of the Association will hold a strike on 23rd November in front of the Secretariat.
Richard Mawkhiew General Secretary of KSU Nongthymmai Circle was the chief guest.
However, 29 Rangbah Shnongs of Laitkroh constituency strongly opposed the KHADC's plan to abolish the constituency.
Therefore, the heavy rainfall which continued for 10 days has given hope that the Umïam River which has started to flood will not be able to flow again so that it will not be able to distribute electricity to the people of the state.
He said that if the government takes too much money, it will destroy the state and he gave an example of the electricity department, all the households have had to pay the price and also the people buy beverages at the price. you need it every day.
Nangbah Mulang has 7 points from 400 games while Khimusniang has 7 points from 500 games.
Replying to the letter, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that after the seats of the resigned MDCs became vacant in the KHADC, he has already spoken only to them. The Governor of Meghalaya should consult with the District Council before announcing the elections to know the amount of funds and the expenditure to be spent as it is now. that the District Council is in short supply of funds.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Shilliang Wahshala Local Taxi Drivers and Owners Association (SHWA) together with the Rangbah Shnongs and Rangbah Dongs of the area including Umsawli, Mawlong Saisiej, Mawkynring, Lumskeh and Lumdiengsai , FKJGP, KSU and Youth Wing of the area have come out to repair the road in Shilliang Wahshala.
In the Ramayana, Ranbir will play the role of Ram and in fact HR was supposed to take the role but for many reasons he had to leave the film.
During the raid, they seized illegal drugs from the shops of foreigners who sold them to the people and from their shops, they also found that there were still some people who were happy. They were surprised after the sudden entry of the Excise personnel.
Besides the erection of the statue of Chandrayan-3 as part of the puja in Nongpoh to encourage young people to study for higher degrees in the field of science, Singh said the committee sends its congratulations to all the residents of Ri Bhoi and the state that we will continue to maintain peace and harmony without racial or religious discrimination and the ultimate goal is to promote the He added that the people of the district and the state as a whole should be able to achieve their goals.
In addition, the collaboration with the Finance Department of the Government to complete the remittance and benefits of the residents, has been a major change in the way of working and services.
He said that the opposition has many ways to express their concerns and in fact as they have said in the newspapers that the House is a place where they can express their concerns. Many issues have been raised to discuss but when they have chosen this path, the MDA Government has confidence and has been prepared and hopeful that it will win this election. No Confidence Motion of the opposition.
The Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy was won by the Khliehshnong of Ïalong and Chyrmang Wah while the match between Myrjai and Newhill ended in a draw -0.
He also explained that SURE as at present will take only one part of NULM and that is the SM&ID.
During the inspection, the arseng and the residents found that the plan to build a coke factory in this area is a threat to the residents of Mynkrem village. The farmers, those who go to fetch drinking water and wash clothes near the factory site.
“The goal is under this project, we have to protect and clean parts of the dam," he said. more time to do these things.
In Mexico, 3,494 new cases have been reported and 424 deaths, bringing the total number of cases to 1,42,690 and the death toll to 16,8
Sñiawbhalang said that Dr Laloo had introduced the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) during his tenure as MLA but Dr Laloo has left the JMB but he and Wailadmiki are still fighting how to Referring to the problem of lack of garbage dump, the MLA of Nartiang said that there are people who are doing politics with garbage.
He said that in commemoration of the 172nd death anniversary of Phang Nonglait, Maitshaphrang urges the Central Government and the Government of Meghalaya to recognize this hero and to celebrate the 6th November as a day of remembrance for Phan Nonglait to showcase her contribution and dedication by awarding awards in her name.
If we look closely, this practice of giving birth to a father is common only in Shillong, because in other cities of the state there are no health workers who remember to follow suit.
Shillong: Ryntih SC have moved up to fourth place after beating Nangkiew Irat SC 3-1 in the Shillong Premier League 2023 on Saturday. played at the SSA Polo Stadium.
Upon arrival at Lympung Weiking, before the start of the Nohkjat dance, a thanksgiving ceremony was held by the Tymmen u San Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie and the raising of the flag of the Seng Khasi by Rgh O .Pyngrope who is the Vice President.
The village leaders also said that as the village, it will be the duty of the village to follow up to ensure that those who come into the village are those who come in accordance with the rules and regulations of the village.
In a reply to Assam Border Area Development Minister Atul Bora told Nandita Das, Congress MLA from Boko, Bora said Arunachal Pradesh has stolen land. Sonitpur (1.0849), Biswanath (4751.00), Lakhimpur (1975.41), Dhemaji (1055.7479), Dibrugarh (10.00) and Charaideo (602.0117), totaling 8395.2545 hectares.
This was stated by NPP Spokesperson Bajop Pyngrope at a campaign rally for the NPP candidate from Sohiong, Samlin Malngiang at Rangshken on Saturday.
“Block levels will work in their respective areas in consultation with women to explain the role of women in politics,” she said.
He said that this happened, perhaps because of the death of Khasi men or for other reasons.
But because she didn't want to tell, she kept it in her heart.
The MP said that he has tried to invite Bollywood filmmakers to shoot films so that the village will be known to the world because of the beauty of the village and the state itself. Meghalaya is more beautiful than Kashmir.
Speaking to media, Bah Bindo said the HSPDP will do nothing on this demand because they have only one party and if they want this demand to succeed, they should call together to strengthen the demand.
“It is a shame to know that the definition of the word 'Khlaw' has been in violation of the order of the Supreme Court,” said MEFSU President Bah Rangdajied Marwein. Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State for Forests, on Tuesday.
In places where neem cake is available, you can put it in the lights at the time of planting.
“We don't get anything from the Meghalaya government not even electricity but we only get post trees which have been forcibly erected by Assam,” he said.
This is after the Court issued its order in June.
Rakesh also distributed more than 400 fish boxes and equipment to the villagers on Tuesday.
He said that the cause of the confusion in the state is because the state government has not been able to gather the people inside and outside the government to build cooperation.
Fanatic : means to be too strong without knowing what is right or wrong and fanatic is to shoot the khawyiang after drinking alcohol.
Through this house, the Seng will gather together the farmers and guide them forward and this house is a model project of the Seng and if this project is successful the Seng will fulfill it. four to other Districts.
He said that when he tried to ask them who gave them the authority to do this, they said that this order came from the government.
“Now we have become the lights in front of our fellow villagers who have accused us in many ways because we are the ones who have thrown them during the election campaign from one house to another,” said the UDP members. Representative.
He said the last Akhil Bhartiya Shiksha Samagam was held at the newly constructed Rudraksha Convention Center in Varanasi and this year, the Akhil Bhartiya Shiksha Samagam will be held at the new Bharat Mandapam.
The affected people have been temporarily sheltered in shelters and the district authorities have done their utmost to meet their needs, said the DC. affected together this morning.
Sohiong residents, even if you support Bah Samlin, you cannot overthrow the NPP government.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The National People's Party (NPP) on Thursday launched its People's Document-Vision 2023-28 with a promise to create up to 5 lakh jobs and create employment opportunities for the people of Shillong. The youth if the party can regain power in the state.
Mathew urged other villages to follow the example of Mawlynnong so that they too can receive this award and the state as a whole will be clean.
However, this song is about the personal life of this young man and is a physical encounter between him and Pastor Moore.
Looking at many of the villages, we see that those who are poor have to go to government hospitals, while those who are more unemployed go to private or religious hospitals.
I said why don't you wait a few days to vote because I have arranged all the roads, I asked to allow until the election is over, but he said no he doesn't wait anymore,” said Bah. Space.
If you don't have any more, you may have 3 or 4 pateng.
There have been 508 new cases of Covid-19 in India today, 13 deaths, bringing the total number of cases in India to 4,789, of which 4,312 are still undergoing treatment. 353 people have recovered and 124 have died, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Ilene M.Paila, Program Executive (Lobbying & Advocacy) MSDS. Desmond Thabah, Nano Entrepreneur CSC. The training program was concluded with a presentation by Eva Nongrum, CO, SMB and Nongrum handover of Certificates of Registration to 6 SHGs including Trei Minot SHG, Mawprem, Kiewshaphrang SHG, Kyrmenlang SHG, Jaiaw, Lamlynti SHG , New.
They don’t tend to fight the government even if it makes decisions that go against the political system.
Habakkuk prayed for his country.
Their soul is troubled when they look to the right or to the left, when they look up and down.
Jowai, Naitung 26: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
One of the reasons is that most of the Congress MLAs from Garo Hills are more united to support Dr Mukul Sangma while the Congress MLAs from Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills are divided and do not have unity.
“When the participants should wear traditional costumes, it doesn't matter if they are from any area but they should showcase their traditional costumes,” said Bah Shadap.
However, despite Islamic law, the reality is that marriage is always between a man and a woman.
“The State Government has passed a Resolution in the Legislative Assembly and sent the Resolution to the Central Government but so far, the State Government has not passed a Resolution in the Legislative Assembly. “I don't know whether the Central Government will approve this request,” he said.
Therefore, this statement is true because since ancient times we have seen the differences and it is for this reason that even a small nation has up to forty syiems and forty-two Dolloi. Compared to other ethnic groups, the presence of these forty chiefs in the Khasi and Khad-ar Dolloi kingdoms in Jaintia Hills does not indicate the greatness or number of the Khasi Jaintia, but rather the dispersion.
“Such activities should continue from time to time and I hope that the Bharat Scouts and Guide will save this important work,” said Bah Dkhar.
On the objection of the 6 Kyntoit, he said that they are not true because so far there are 9 Kyntoit including the Pynthor Sohma Kyntoit.
According to the Minister, the government department responsible for this work is examining the report.
In East Khasi Hills, the total number of cases has risen to 3,375, of which 1,198 are undergoing treatment and 2,138 have recovered.
According to the NET report, there are 3 Superintendents of Police, one Additional Senior SP, 7 Dy SPs, 9 Inspectors, 69 Sub-Inspectors and 10 Assistant Sub-Inspectors. Inspectors, 22 as Head Constables/Havildars and 368 as Langrut.
Besides, the highway from Motphran to Khyndailad has witnessed the same situation where all the big and small shops have been closed.
The name of this 'Day' should have been International Day.
He said that as students who are the future of the country and the nation, they should have a goal in their lives so that they can reach the level of fame and be of benefit to the people. the ancestors of the country and the nation as a whole.
In the past few days, many office bearers of various political parties have joined the NPP because of their views on the work of Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat and also to support him. Apsharailang Syiem, MDC candidate of the party, has been elected.
About 10 million people have gathered in the Ganga as part of the Kumbh Mela celebrations in Haridwar.
'What is the news about these issues that have caused the Khasi to be attacked? How many were arrested? Where is the statement of the Home Department when the Khasi were shot or killed?” asked the KSU.
They should also participate regularly in any tests that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will arrange in their villages.
The lack of rainfall has caused many water sources to run out and one of the problems faced by water trucks is that they cannot deliver water to consumers even if the demand is high.
KAS has conducted this information session today, which is also the Literacy Day.
On the other hand, Bah RM Shabong, who is also the owner of Rupang, spoke encouragingly on the unity of the APSTA teachers under the leadership of Bah FC Shulla. million teachers since
Also present on the occasion were officials from the Superintendent of Police, Meghalaya and officials from the Department of Commerce and Industry.
Surprisingly, he died by lying on the floor and the phasi jain was not tight between his body and the sad.
At this stage too, there were many students like me, who signed up to become volunteers and I remember my young friends from Riatsamthiah who signed up with me, like Meera Malngiang and others.
He urged the district administration to provide assistance to the farmers of the village.
There are 35 cases in South Garo Hills, 15 cases in South West Garo Hills and 24 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
“Strict action should be taken against these agents who demand money from the public because these are schemes,” he said.
The police did not do anything on the complaint of Lumkseh, but they arrested me and the people from 7 villages including the Rangbah Shnong.
The union has sent this complaint after receiving information from the residents of the farming area of ​​the river regarding the continuation of the bomb blast in these days.
The Kur Lai Kynja Ksanmaw of Rangblang in the presence of the Lyngdoh Kur, Secretary of the Kur, women and youth together with some of the Sordar Shnongs to meet with the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District on the installation of pillars by the PWD Office (Roads) Sub Division Mawsaw without informing the Rangbah Kurs and Rangbah Shnongs when the PWD Office came to survey the road. which starts from the Ponnailo River to the outskirts of Marïem.
He said that there was a time when he and the group had decided to withdraw from the project but it was the promise of the Prime Minister who is also the National President of the NPP and Bah Prestone. The meeting will be held at Sohra on the 5th July this year.
This is the same with those who put tobacco in their mouths.
Replying to a question by Nongthymmai MLA, Bah Charles Pyngrope, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that they will take measures to look after the workers of the dewbilat factory if the government she intends to shut it down.
Hammylienki Dkhar won the silver medal in the Sanshou event 52 kg while Sesilia Dkhar won the bronze medal in the 45 kg Junior category. In the 48 kg Junior category, Ibalakordor Umdor won the 70 Kg Senior category and Balakynshew Lyngdoh won the bronze medal in the Taolu Event Changquan. from Ri-Bhoi District and one from Tai-Chi Quan.
Prasanta Chandra is a scientist and statistician, and the founder of the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI).
And such a worldly love deceives the lover.
“How happy I am to receive this title and I am sure that this title of Supermom will encourage and inspire all mothers because being a single mother is not easy many challenges and obstacles in life “I have faced many challenges but I don't hesitate to stand up and overcome them and this will be a message to others not to allow the difficulties to overwhelm them but to stand firm until they win”.
What is more surprising is that the 'ng' is no longer replaced by another, the 'ï' is replaced by the 'y' in those Jaintia characters.
The State Government has decided to increase the fare from 9 Tyngka, 10 Tyngka and 12 Tyngka depending on the price of trucks and the condition of the road for 10 tonnes per kilometer.
Shillong: It is the first time that the dewbilat producing company in Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills has met with journalists in the state since it started producing dewbilat in don't be in Lumshang.
Organizing Secretary – Ning Salahe.7.
According to the petition, the Jalukbari Assembly constituency has been divided into three parts.
The Assam government has launched a public awareness campaign called #SocietalMythBuster on the education of women during their menstrual period.
The two girls who were buried in the ground are sisters, whose cards are 10 years and 15 years old.
Shillong, July 30: The East Khasi Hills Police Department on Tuesday warned the residents of the villages not to succumb to any form of shrip smuggling by smugglers. send links that promise to get you money in a short time.
However, this issue is still under discussion because some feel that if the well is built, the beauty will not be seen and others say that it would be better to build it to allow people to enter.
Both the teams were strong in terms of passing, but Punjab opened the scoring in the 16th minute through Paramjit Singh.
At this meeting, the Union demanded that the Meghalaya government should increase the price of insurance for all vehicles.
New York City is now the epicenter of the disease, with 2,03,020 cases and 10,842 deaths, bringing the total number of deaths in the United States to to 25,981, according to Johns Hopkins University.
He said that the Disqualification Act, 1972 states that “the office of the Chairman, Chief Executive Member or Executive Member or Member of any person elected by the people shall be held by the people. The appointment of the Governor to the Autonomous District Council shall not be suspended or approved if all the requirements are met.
Following up, U Nongsaiñ Hima spoke to the SP (City), Bah Vivek Syiem on Thursday regarding the police investigation into the illegal activities and thefts committed by this person.
In Meghalaya, people do not vote for a party but for a candidate who is a good leader and can do many development works.
To understand poverty in 2013-14 in relation to the current period (or for 2022-23), estimates were used due to data limitations for these periods.
I don't know why.
The main objective of the mission is to establish viable income generation, self-sufficient pig breeding and pig farming across the state.
The festival will start for two days on the 20th and 21st of July at Satpator.
In 2016, only 65 percent of the voters voted for President.
“Many of the Karbi people don't know about these places especially the umsati and the source of umkhyrmi.
Shillong, July 15: Suk Bahadur Thapa, 30, son of (L) Dil Bahadur Thapa, Mawpun, has been arrested by the police. Case No.4(01)14 U/S 420/406 IPC has been arrested by the Punjabi Line Cantonment Beat House. case in the year
The District Magistrate has issued this order after the COVID-19 case who is a jhur vendor has traveled from one district to another as well as to other districts in other states and there is an urgent need to monitor him. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued a report to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) to confirm the spread of Coronavirus disease. Lad Rymbai, a jhur seller, has been in contact with many people in this area,” said the district magistrate.
“We support this mission and the nine issues raised by these four organizations,” said the Organizing Secretary of SKBH, Purity Phawa.
Members of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti have burnt the prime minister's tyngshop to protest against the killing in Uriamghat, which was allegedly committed by robbers from Nagaland.
“Vivanta Meghalaya, Shillong will open the era of cheaper tourism in the state and will continue to fulfill the aspirations of the people of the state,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The District Administration has conducted a surprise inspection of many shops in Iewduh and other urban areas after receiving a complaint that there has been a sudden increase in prices of shops. The price of piat is up to 70 tyngka per kilo.
These extinctions may have occurred due to interspecies conflicts, synchronous events before and after their release into new habitats.
“On the part of the government and we have already informed the members of the HNLC that while the talks are ongoing, many issues that as members are concerned we will try to resolve between the state government, the central government and the HNLC. HNLC,” he said.
“Therefore, the VPP has urged all Christians in the state to reject this call to hold a cleanliness drive and not to participate in it.
The Manodarpan, which is an initiative to help develop the minds of students, teachers and relatives in order to strengthen the minds and also to encourage them, will be released soon.
The cause of his illness was said to be that he had gone home last Friday.
The date on which candidates can withdraw their nomination papers is October 30,
Shillong, June 08: The First Division match between Nongrim Hills SC and Lawsohtun SC on Thursday at MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong ended with a score of 10 points.
After the knia ka khriam, the mawshyieng was covered by the owners of the kur and after the prayer by the nongkhan. There was a short conversation between the priest and the demon who was sitting in the body of Bah Mit. During the conversation, the demon answered from the mouth of Bah Mit that he would leave and she asks for forgiveness from all his relatives.
Kenneth said that during the meeting, MUPSTA also informed the Minister about the problem regarding the recruitment of teachers, after it was made necessary to complete the MTET examination to be allowed to teach. appointed as teachers in adhoc schools.
From these reasons, to take back in the present case is lymbiang except for the words which have been longdoh longsnam since ancient times.
Therefore, our Chief Minister should not be happy like a child just because it is said from Delhi that it is only by the Notification of the President because it will appear stupid in front of everyone and it will not last because of something wrong. lawlessness is evil.
Regarding the Block, the HSPDP Jaintia Hills has already allocated land for the construction of the office for the benefit of the people. This Block has already been opened to the public and the people have been delighted at the opening ceremony.
In the Under-18 Girls category, Jestina Dhar of St. Mary Mazzarello HS School won the second prize.
Ryngkat Lyndem, President of the Youth Wing of East Khasi Hills, has praised the decision taken by Bah Remington Pyngrope to return to the UDP. Bah Reming as the new MLA of Mawkynrew.
Wanniang will contest the election from Umroi constituency.
However, we don't eat because we cut a good cow, we don't cut a cow that is like that,” said one of the cow sellers.
When my son was young, especially in my country.
Shillong, March 29: Mawkhar MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit has slammed the KHADC Forest Department for not being aware of the smuggling of stone by Bangladeshis in the Majai area on the India-Bangladesh border.
The believers of the Khasi traditional religion will never accept the idea that Meghalaya is a Christian state, and in that way it divides the nation.
No casualties were reported, but only two women were taken to hospital for treatment.
This sorrow that has engulfed the minds of everyone in the country has its own valuable lessons to understand our mistakes from time to time.
Thanks to the hard work of the doctors and nurses of NEIGRIMS, these two persons survived.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Police from the CID (Criminal Investigation Department) have seized a fake PhD degree hidden in the room of CMJ University, Laitumkhrah, Shillong. friday.
However, on the other hand, he said that the Government has already distributed 100 Pick-up vehicles to transport the produce of the farmers. will distribute about 500 more vehicles for farmers to transport goods.
Macmillan Byrat, MLA Nongstoin, laid the foundation stone for the construction of Eklavya Model Residential School in Sohparu Village.
At the same time, these leaders urged the political parties in West Khasi Hills to cooperate in this regard, so that the people of the area can get their demands.
The Shad Lakhempong is not only a religious festival.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: Nongtluh Higher Secondary School, Umden has reached 43 years of its history in the field of education. The school was established in 1980 and today it held a special awarding ceremony for the elders who took part in the establishment of the school which has stood firm until now to become a prominent educational institution in the country. region.
The Muslims were persecuted throughout India but they fought against the Hindus.
The time for careful reflection among the public and intellectuals has come, in order to reach the long-cherished goal and to end the price hike disputes, for a new step that we all want.
Quietly, there are 434 of them.
He also mentioned the freedom under the NEP in the choice of subjects.
However, the duty of the leaders and members of the FKJGP is to look after the problems faced by the people in the villages such as economic development, peace and welfare and to look after how to prevent evil deeds such as the illegal sale of alcohol, violence against the poor and others.
The Prime Minister also stressed on the provision of information and preparedness in hospitals.
This is the law of nature that happens in any case, but now that it is understood to promote the language, even the Dkhars who live in Khasi land can be influenced by their Dkhar culture.
Speaking on the occasion, Amit said that there was no insurance on the house and all the belongings were completely destroyed, but fortunately he survived.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: Larisa Lamin, a student of Adventist Higher Secondary School, Thaslaskeiñ West Jaintia Hills District, has come first position in the result of Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) announced by Meghalaya. Board of School Education (MBOSE) today.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Police ( Shillong Traffic Police ) have demanded that the Congress MDCs should resign from the NPP-led EC in KHADC. Police have conducted searches on the roads to ensure safe driving and to track down those who violate the rules.
So I started to explain to them how to elect MLAs. So they elected me twice in a row, in 2008 and 2013 and I lost in
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Khliehriat Circle wishes a happy Behdieñkhlam to all the children of Raij Tuber especially those who are still studying Niamtre.
When asked why there were 9 political parties in the JAC before, there are only 5 political parties in the JAC. Dapoi Laloo President MPUF CB said that this is a job. Please whoever has the will can stay strong and whoever doesn't have the will can leave because from the beginning without forcing them to join this JAC “But one thing I want to say is that we should put it first. Dapoi Laloo President MPUF-CB said RK Ram Rymbai President RJYF said that in fact, the RJYF does not The MIPRL did not take part in the protest but when two people were shot dead in Mookhep, the MIPRL did not take part in the protest. “We as the MIPRL are responsible for the life and death of the people. We have to demand the MIPRL. “We urge the leaders of MIPRL to come forward and work together to demand the rights of these two people,” said Ram. .
If you trust in God, you will not be disappointed.
In this regard, those residents who have reached the age of 18 years as of that date and also those who have not yet registered their names on the Draft Photo Roll can register themselves at the Polling Stations where they reside. also those who have died or fled the village and the mistakes will also be corrected at this time.
Referring to the Meghalaya Waterbodies Guidelines, 2023, the High Court said that this is only the implementation of the rules by the state without affecting the relevant issues.
This is the first time that this tournament has been held in the state and the aim is to promote this sport and also to develop the players who can compete in the most prominent competitions in the world.
Therefore, due to the heavy rain on the same day, the meeting was moved to the Additional Secretariat in the evening to avoid being affected by the rain and to avoid the traffic jam in the middle of the road.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government is also taking other measures to improve the traffic besides the bridge by building another bypass road to connect the Mawlai Bypass through Umrynjah. and reach Umroi and join the Shillong Bypass.
“Children are also invited to the Kal Kalouti ceremony to please the goddess Indra Dev,” he said.
kmba you bet kmta you will ot.
However, during the meeting with the officer, she, in a long conversation, denied that she had not dismissed or appointed these two employees, who were known to be Hundalin Warjri and Subita Lapang, who also work as casual labourers.
Three months the moon shines and in the fourth month he remembers his mother, but he is afraid to approach the mother of the children in the morning.
On the other hand, u Kyrmen as a local MLA and Minister of State said that this is an example for other villages to set what Mutong village has done for the protection of the environment and also to Improve such places to attract people from all over the country so that the income of the people will increase and the state as well.
Meghalaya has won well in all four categories of the 4th Street King's Autocross Challenge which ended recently at Dimapur on 28th and 29th June.
Regarding the delay in approving the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the union has sought clarification from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. He promised that the government will continue to monitor the implementation of this issue.
The UDP Shella Circle will hold a meeting on the 22nd at Shella to announce the candidate.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta, who was present at the meeting, said that he would discuss with the GSMC leaders on their demand.
“In Shillong alone, we have identified three grounds to clean astro turf which is expected to start soon,” he said. to have more astro turf grounds so that our youth can play and develop their skills”.
At the same time, she thanked the media teams for their hard work and tireless work in their work and who have worked tirelessly during the times of Covid-19 including since last year, She also urged them to continue working and working with the Government to strengthen their ability to disseminate necessary information and news to the public.
Pynshngain, who was suspended for two years from the MPCC last month, on Thursday launched the Campaign for Change. way even to form a new political party.
Who knows whether the four-year commission will reach 10 years, only time will tell.
Recently, one of the Assembly Committees has strongly criticized the officers of the State Pollution Control Board for being blind and negligent in relation to environmental damage. .
“We appeal to the people to come and celebrate this day in a more beautiful manner,” he said.
The union also said that many of those who oppose the construction of the road from Umshyrpi to Bañiun are not from Meghalaya and do not know anything about the problems faced by the people of the state when they travel from Umshyrpi to Bañiun. place.
At the same time, they strongly condemned the act of this robber who raped a child who was only 1 year 8 months old and who was still unconscious.
“There will be campaigns and private consultations but it is prohibited for political parties to conduct campaigns during these hours,” Tiwari said.
She said that the former MLA's donation of a new school built of dewbilat has pleased not only the teachers but especially the students and parents.
He said that the VVP will hold a protest to demand that the government should remove these Chairman posts which have been shut down without work. The party has called for this protest.
The NEFIP has unanimously decided to demand that the Government of India should immediately withdraw the CAB and if the Government does not listen and continues to attack to destroy the indigenous people, the NEFIP will lodge a complaint. The Government of India is the United Nations Organization.
The Joint Executive Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held on 7th November, discussed the recent release of a video on the topic 'Does the Khasi people have This is a special 'YouTube Channel' called 'Na Rympei U Hynniewtrep'
He said that until now, tables, chairs, benches, computers and others have been available but there are no people.
He said their goal is to look after the welfare of the people of the state.
When it is time for them to leave the hospital, they don't have enough money to pay and they have to ask the MLA. workers are happy to pay money to their followers.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 21: In commemoration of the 5th Anniversary of the passing away of (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who passed away on 26th November 2016, the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) The party will hold a memorial service in Langpih on the 26th of this month at the place where the monument was erected to the founder of the party and the leader to demand a full state. .
After this, the thief promised to take money to pay so that they could release him without any complaint to the police.
“We have not done political work on this issue and such incidents are the responsibility of the police to provide information and not the responsibility of the Prime Minister to report on this issue,” he said.
Regarding the postmortem, the relatives have requested for his release and the body has been handed over to the family members for the rituals.
Process said the Meghalaya BJP has a big role to play in talking to the central government for the implementation of major projects to reduce traffic jam especially by introducing traffic jams. fly-over roads as well as the construction of roads or creek roads.
Langsning XI Cricket Club beat Sputnik Spartan by five wickets in the Super Division Shillong Cricket League 2022-2
The number of cases in India has risen to 74,281 and the death toll to 2,415, according to the Indian government.
“We have already looked at all the major projects launched by NHIDCL during the meeting and hope that those projects will be completed on time,” he said.
Shillong: Twenty-one people have died of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District in the past 48 hours, according to a statement sent by the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
Also present were officials including D Sohtun, Director Horticulture, B Mylliengap, Deputy Director, KB Lakiang, DHO East Khasi Hills, W Nongrum, Sordar, farmers and residents.
They concluded by saying that because women are weaker and have less body weight than men compared to their strength, since then women have been ordered to wear clothes on their bodies to get full support. and that the body be heavy and strong.
He also urged the public not to insult those who have returned from other places and are still in isolated homes.
We see that NASA scientists are indeed those scientists who know everything on earth, underground and in space.
He said that this government can last for five years but there will be no memory of it because it is just like a field worker without equal jobs.
“Saipung Block doesn't exist, I am surprised to see the CM of the state just because he wants to win his party candidate in that area,” said Violet Lyngdoh. speaking at the public meeting.
In the women's 52 km race, Darishisha Ïangjuh came first and Rephica Becky Pde came fourth.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Mohan Massar UP School, Mawprem in the presence of the Minister of Education, Ma Lakhmen Rymbui. West Shillong MLA Mohendro Rapsang and Paul Lyngdoh, Executive Member and MDC of Jaiaw Constituency.
There are many crucial issues that this government of Canrad has not addressed.
Not only that, a BJP Minister has expressed his dissatisfaction with the Cabinet's decision on the government's unilateral amnesty of income tax to IAS officers working in Meghalaya.
He advised all the residents of West Khasi Hills, especially those who live near the river, to be vigilant especially at night.
Your temperature exceeds the limit – heat.
On the same day, Bah Hamlet also inspected the water wells which will supply the JJM scheme to Nongkseh and Umlyngka villages, which are located in Umpaitmaw, Sangmein, Upper Shillong.
Why is it difficult for the management together with the State Government, which owns the dewbilat factory in Mawmluh, to pay the salaries of its employees, who have not received their salaries for 15 months? which was still outstanding for several months, 5 years ago.
“A government that cannot solve the problems of the people has no right to rule but just because it has numbers, it rules with dignity,” he said.
Many MLAs and MDCs these days have already prepared certificates which they have already written to give to the people who will come to their offices where they have already allocated space just to fill in the names and to sign and stamp so that it does not steal too much of their working hours when the public comes to meet.
The truck was heading from Shillong to Upper Shillong. The truck was carrying heavy loads.
“We will not allow this plan of the BSF troops to succeed within the border of Nongstoin or in the district as a whole unless they go to set up camps in the border areas we would have supported them. Shillong, Jymmang 22: The BJP Women's Leader in India, Vijaya Rihatkar, has visited the house of a poor woman in Pynthorbah. They also handed over the relief goods to the woman who is the only road worker in the village.
Out of the 346 students who received the 12th Meritorious Award 2015, the club has also selected 26 students who have received the top rank in their respective categories. (Category) means those with disabilities, or blind or deaf, belonging to poor families as well as other students who are eligible for donation the Laptop.
Teiborlang Lapang in the Junior Boys 57Kg category, Ram Lanong in the Cadet Boys 52Kg category and Dayalangki Challam in the Sub Junior Girls (13 yrs) Girls category. Carenia Rapthap won the junior girls' 59kg category, Laiarisa Nongrum won the junior girls' 53kg category and Saralin Rynghang won the women's 55kg category.
“On the other hand, the President has said that at present, the ASHAs are still on strike while nothing else can be arranged.
The JSU today wrote to the government to listen to the grievances of the residents of the state who are still stranded abroad.
Depending on the availability of the system, there may be changes in the scheduled time of the attempt at the last minute without any notice.
In this regard, two leaders from each Kur are invited to attend the meeting on the date and time as mentioned above.
While journalists are just fulfilling their duty to write news.
U Disparsing RaniEvil or if there is that devil/Thlen also goes to hide and closer to those people who are unemployed.
