The teachers expressed their doubts about the future of the 4385 teachers including SSA, Govt, Deficit and Ad hoc teachers who teach at the Elementary level who have been trained in the Diploma in Teaching. Elementary Education (D.El.
The Rangbah Shnong in the presence of the Secretary Shnong, Bah M. Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong including Bah B. Malngiang, Bah DL Nonglait and Bah Victor Kurbah, agreed with the KSU. The law was issued after the Shnong had requested permission to build a village office in this area but the DC's office had not given it.
She said that the police department did not take action against the anger against a Minister before her visit to Tura.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah HK Thabah ADC and CEO DDMA, Nongstoiñ said, “The certificate you have received through this training will not only benefit the refugees in any way. natural disaster.
Maw U-Tieng SC started the season with a 5-0 victory over Synroplang. on 21st July, while in the next match (4th November), against Lumparing SC, the team lost 2-0
It is learned that this village does not have a school and the villagers send their children to school in distant places and Marjan and other villages.
On the other hand, the president of the union also met with the DHMO and the DHMO promised to take action on the complaint of the union.
Paul said that through this festival, the government has collected revenue of Rs 1.44 crore in the month of November 2023 alone.
This was announced by the Chief Electoral Officer, Frederick Roy Kharkongor in an interview with the Syllad at his office.
Speaking to Mawphor, the President of the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Association, Babu Birbor Riangtem, said that out of all the governments that have ruled in the state, this government is the least stable of all the governments especially in the state. related to running schools.
According to Bah Ronnie, the issues that the Congress MLAs will discuss include the construction of the Four Lane Road from Umshyrpi, the implementation of the Common University Entrance Test (CUET). , implementation of water supply projects among other issues.
“Today we have decided to give the Government time within the 11th of this month to pay our salaries, and if it cannot pay, we will hold a strike from the 15th of this month. month in front of the Main Secretariat Shillong,” said Bah Kasparlin.
I don't know how the police who are responsible for the crimes can explain this, they are not scientists, after them came expert geologists from the Geological Department. Survey of India, these rich men, after investigating from me all the incidents and they also dug some soil from this hole, I also gave them 4-5 branches of trees which I lifted them up, and they went away.
Candidates are also warned never to fall prey to any recruitment scams.
New Delhi, Naitung 21: Chinese troops on horseback have returned to Indian territory in Ladakh on the 16th of this month and have claimed ownership of the area.
In East Garo Hills, 15 cases have been confirmed positive including 14 shopkeepers in Rongjeng Bazar and 1 case in Rongjeng Bazar. one High Risk Contact.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested three BSF personnel allegedly involved in the shooting death of Bah Ronningstar Nongkynrih on the night of 5th June at Mawshun village.
He said that on Article 371, the party will have to discuss more at the CEC meeting, but it is necessary that the Khasi Jaintia State should be included in Article
Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides as part of its 50th Anniversary Celebration this year has organized a Basic Training Course for Scout Masters from 19th to 25th June 2022 at the State Headquarters. you don't have to go to Pine Mount School.
After that, Niakha said, “Rida, you have to get ready to leave for ten days...” She looked at Rida again. “Yes, Niakha...” Rida replied, although in her heart she felt good.
“When he was a Sengbhalang leader, he accused the leaders of the people as traders and food distributors but now I want to ask Bah Paul Lyngdoh by what name the people will call him because he is “We want to make it clear that the party wants a strong law in accordance with the Village Administration Bill 2014 to implement the Village Administration Bill authority to the elders of the village.
“This EC KHDF which is in operation only within 5 months we have done many things, we have met with the people living in Block 2, Ummat village and about 21 villages, then to Khanapara, Pilangkata and others, this is the reason why we are concerned and to see the problems and it is on this basis that I have brought the resolution to change the national identity,” said the CEM. Former CEM Bah Titosstarwel Chyne, on the issues of the residents in the border areas especially in relation to the border settlement, the CEM said, “We have been waiting for three months. “What have you done when you have been leading the EC for three and a half years?” asked Bah Pynïaid to Bah Titosstarwel Chyne. Two MDCs, Bah Bindo M Lanong and Bah Lambor Malngiang, have come to support the EC, as they have seen the work done by the current EC.
Literacy and education, scholars tell us, “They are the key to all opportunities.
The winners of the Singing Competition 2024 were Shipara Melody Mawthynrew, the second prize went to Baiamonlang Marbaniang from Mawlangwir and the third prize went to Bah Shanbor Lyngdoh from Mawlangwir. The competition was held at the Dorbar Hall Ranthong.
Speaking to media, MSSASA President Aristotle Rymbai also expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the Governor of Meghalaya, Satyapal Malik, for taking the initiative to meet with the Prime Minister. , Conrad K Sangma yesterday and also promised to take action on this issue of demand and especially the delay in the release of the adhoc and first installment of this year and the Ministry of education and the ministry of finance of India.
And the children of Israel were smitten at Hormah, because they had done evil in the sight of the LORD.
Rambrai, November 30: The National People's Party (NPP) on Friday welcomed Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang MLA from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency. to Rambrai to welcome the MLA to the party.
Conrad also promised to donate an Ibanez Guitar to a musician with disabilities who has shown his talent at the meeting and expressed to the Prime Minister his desire to have an Ibanez Guitar. Guitar.
According to media reports, the state government has decided to proceed with the opening of the market on the 9th of this month.
The seized drugs were handed over to the Ngopa Police Station on Tuesday and the investigation is ongoing. .
Although the UDP intends to withdraw from the MDA government, the UDP Youth Leader said, “I cannot say anything about this, let the party leaders decide”.
He will not contest from Mawsynram but from Mawkhar-Pynthor and will contest from the NPP. Glenbert Khongwir of KHNAM, Rocky Hek of UDP and Congress.
“I have seen in the media that you are against the VPP and the people are against it,” he added.
The troops also arrested four persons including the drivers of the bus. In connection with these kwai, it was said that those who were arrested by the troops could not produce the necessary documents. They said that they came from Tripura and the kwai they were carrying was intended to be deposited at ISBT Guhati. The four persons and the kwai were seized by the BSF. The victim was handed over to the Umkiang PP police for further investigation.
In the afternoon service, Rev.K Pariat shared the Gospel based on the Gospel of John 11:1
The Labor Department has also revised the wages for Unskilled, Semi-Skilled, Skilled and Highly Skilled to Rs 338/-, Rs 383/-, Rs 428/-, Rs 473/- from 1st June, .
There are many things that have happened and that have put the state back in danger”.
Speaking on Friday, the closing day of the KHADC dorbar tlang, Bah Teinwel, who assumed the post of Chairman on 24-07, said, “In this tenure of Chairman of mine and the CEM HS Shylla, said that he has been able to fulfill his duties in the Council.
There were also rumors that Dr. Sangma might join the Trinamool Congress.
The MJA has received Rs 10 lakh from the NEC, Rs 6 lakh from the Union Government and Rs 2 lakh from the State Government.
After the arrival of the magistrates and police, after talks, the road was cleared, but the vehicles were allowed to pass without paying at all according to the price taken today.
Readers are requested to watch and listen to the song JERUSALEMA in the videos available on the youtube channels).
Hep stayed there for two hours.
According to Dr. RM Lahiri in his book Annexation of Assam, Rajendra was not the brother-in-law but the grandson of Ram Singh, which means that Lakhi was the brother-in-law of Ram Singh.
He also criticized that if the people have taken part in the struggle for change in the society, why has the police been involved in the attacks against the people of the state.
“It is the government which has laid down the rules and regulations to hold the Meghalaya Games in different districts of the state so that there can be improvement of the grounds across the area and they can be used by the youth of Meghalaya. those who have an interest in sports"
The company has approved a project for the construction of toilets worth T.17.33 lakh and T.14.52 lakh for the construction of two septic tanks.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the MCTA, Bah AW Rani said that the Association has received the invitation of the VC on the 8th of this month to discuss the issues related to the MCTA. NEP 2020.
Police said that the woman had lodged a complaint this morning and on receiving the complaint, the police arrested her.
Decision-making capabilities on the ground are the success of ‘marketing strategy’.
One of them is Bah Dominik Lyngkhoi, one of the makers of traditional musical instruments who is also the inventor of two traditional musical instruments, the shitara and the saitara which look exactly like the duitara. but the manner of playing and the manner of playing are different.
What is more surprising is that the 'ng' is no longer replaced by another, the 'ï' is replaced by the 'y' in those Jaintia characters.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the new building of Synod Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound, Shillong. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) does not provide any funds.
It is to be recalled that JMB has not yet received a full garbage dump since it stopped dumping in Mynkjai, and now it has used the method of cleaning and dumping these garbage around the area which has caused strong opposition. .
If you want to backtrack, search Google and type, “pandemic then and now".
This survey will be completed within 18 months.
Shillong, July 8, 2011: The Seng Kur Thangkhiew has received the recognition from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) but the recognition has lasted only for more than a year. On the 11th March 2012, the Kur has withdrawn its recognition.
Speaking to media, Lakmen said that before the expiry of the Administrator Rule on 16th June 2021, the government will take a decision to hold elections for the He said that the appointment of people by the District Councils does not fall under the jurisdiction of the state government, but this over-appointment has led to the inability to pay the salaries of the employees.
A child has lost his life after drowning in the Rongsai Valley Dam in West Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Gershom Lymphuid, said that regarding the delay in completion of the project, the union has also met with the EE of PWD Umsning Division. The EE of Umsning Division, has promised to complete the project by October this year, but it is surprising that until today, it has not been completed.
In the morning, you can see the flags of Bilat standing near the tent being blown away by the wind.
Silsila is a popular film in India and around the world. It was directed by Yash Chopra in 1981 and is a film about marriage. Amitabh Bachchan and two women.
Dr. Mandal said that investigators are investigating whether the patients received the medicine at that time.
SHILLONG: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) has decided to suspend its strike program indefinitely after the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui in the House recently said that their salaries will be released soon.
Police have seized 10 ketter heads and two receipt books used to extort money from shopkeepers and private individuals in Ladrymbai area.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Minister of State for Revenue, Zenith M Sangma today informed the House that the trucks passing on the roads have been recorded by the employees of the Revenue Department. that the government does not implement computers.
The MLA was accompanied by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah John Kharkongngor and members of the Executive Committee of Umphyrnai Dorbar Shnong.
Similarly, the rule has been set to file E-FIR and Zero FIR. Besides, for cases with sentences of 7 years or more, the involvement of forensic experts is essential.
If this new prediction is true, the MDA-II government will be the same as it happened to the MUA I & II government of Dr Mukul Sangma in 2011, 2013, & 2013, 2018.
Not only that, but they will also have to please their biggest supporters, who are also businessmen, like themselves.
“We want to say that we don't need such a person in our state,” he said.
Earlier, the IT department of the state government had clarified that the price of the tablet has increased. Besides providing the tablet, the company has also increased the price of the software inside it.
Reallystar Nongspung, Secretary of Pommura Village, said that the robbers had broken into the Umngot River on the 16th of this month.
“The government is concerned about the number of cases in 174 districts of 35 states, mostly in Maharashtra, Delhi, Punjab, Telangana, West Bengal and Gujarat,” the newspaper said.
(The Second Language of India).
The landabhur was the king's helper and advisor and he was expelled from the kingdom.
This arrangement will come into force from the 22nd of this month from 7:30 pm to 7:30 pm.
We are easy to meet or talk to and are keen to ensure that such problems are resolved.
“We demand that the salary should be commensurate with the work,” said the chairman of the Action Committee of JACATAM. like other states in India, not like today when teachers are just like day laborers without promotion, without security after retirement and a low salary.
The Village Authorities have carried a heavy burden and it is necessary for us to come together to carry the burden of the struggle in such a dark time.
The KSU also requested the Government to take action to improve the roads to these areas as it has taken steps to invest in the festival.
Similarly, the candidates who want to contest the election have started looking for which party they want to get tickets.
Police are also investigating the whereabouts of Payal, as she has not been working properly since she married the famous robber. .
Michael Sayoo, President of the Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM), Ma Mutshwa Thabah and Coordinator of JHDS, Ma Denis Kurkalang.
Through this victory, Ri-Bhoi United FC from the management expressed their gratitude for this victory, which is a great pride for Ri-Bhoi and the state as a whole. The team will continue to participate in other competitions abroad.
Former CEM of KHADC Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit , MDC Nongkrem and Dy.CEM Process T Sawkmie , MDC Mawlai The fire was extinguished by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
?" Niakha asked again. "Yes, Niakha.
In fact, now there is something behind the invasion of Shillong” and this writing of Bah Disparsing has caused many comments because they don't understand what he is saying.
The MRCTA also sends its condolences to the family of the deceased especially to his wife, Roma Sarkar, former Head of Department of Botany, Shillong College. and also for his two sons.
Bah HDR, former MLA of Sohiong constituency and candidate of the UDP for the current election, passed away on
Dorphang has been arrested and imprisoned on charges of raping a child.
These include Pius Kurbah, former Congress President Mawthadraishan, Damien Marshiangbai, former HSPDP President Mawthadraishan, BB Warjri, former MDC Mawthadraishan.
However, after the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and the release of the Memorandum of Understanding to the media, the Voice of the People Party feels that it is its duty and duty to The party does not approve or accept the arrangement between the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
Anasias Lapang, who raped a 4-year-old girl at Lad Mawrong, Lad Mawrong, this morning at 9 pm, has been arrested by the residents of Umsning area. In the morning, the suspect was arrested from a forest in the Kyrdemkulai area of ​​Ri Bhoi.
When asked about the increase in the price, some of them replied that they had received an order from the owners. Those who said they didn't know because they were just coming to wait and in relation to the gates without order when trying to show the order they said they had put it at home. and the King.
He said that the party expects the Minister together with her department to accept the suggestion of the party that if the roster system is as long as it is, it should work from the date of publication and not. turn back.
“I see that there is talent here and on our part, we have the hope and belief that more and more talented children will come out of this area,” he said. Priest.
“To find out the facts, I have sent a team of officers to inspect the jail and during the investigation they found that many of the CCTV cameras are no longer working and we have strengthened the police to patrol so that all the areas will be patrolled day and night," he said.
Recent events have shown the victory of the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samriddhi Kendra.
Guwahati Police have registered a case under Section 366/376 IPC and arrested the suspect.
The Umiam Lake has turned blue and dirty due to the excessive amount of garbage flowing continuously for 20 hours from these two rivers from Shillong, which has a population of about 5 lakh.
After the resignation of HPL, she said that the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has agreed to implement the project from its own budget which was earlier allocated under the JNNURM scheme. The contract with Hindustan Prefab Limited (HPL) has been terminated after it failed to comply with the stipulated requirements, the minister said.
If the youth read the recent report of the Niti Ayog on the Sustainable Development Goals to be achieved in the North Eastern States, they will find that the future is hopeless.
Shillong, July 20: The Sub Divisional Officer (S), Sohra Civil Sub Division today announced that the ration for the month of June 2022 will be distributed at the rate of 35 kilos per card at the price of T.3/ - 10 kilos per head for those without AAY card, 5 kilos per head at the price of T.3/- per kilo for those without PHH card and 7.215 kilos per card for those without card The Vigilance Committee has decided not to exceed T.15.00/- per kilo for those who do not have a Non-NFSA card. Payment under the PMGKAY scheme at the rate of 5 kilo per head for those who do not have AAY and PHH cards for the month of June
FKJGP President Banshan Marbaniang said that since ancient times, the crematorium has been known as the place of residence of the people who bless the market in Mawsynram. , but the Hindus renamed it the abode of their god called the 'Shiva Linga'
On the other hand, the unity and cooperation of the political parties in the state could create problems as KHNAM and HSPDP are far from having unity and have already announced their own. candidates for the election.
The tall statue will be accompanied by large statues of the famous heroes along with a shynna rynsan for the purpose of honoring with syrwiang syntiew on the anniversaries of each of the heroes. .
The lawyer confirmed that films and other roles that benefit the actor should have been stopped before being shown on TV or brought to the stage because of the work of the model. Code of Conduct.
The Resolution was passed by the Government through Letter No.PER.222/71/138 Date: 12th January 1972 to divide 40% of the Garo and 40% of the Khasi-Jaintia. you didn't take a census of the population at that time.
The star won the bronze medal in the High Jump after clearing 1.55m on Friday in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
Yes, in human nature there is always weakness.
The party said that compared to the old leaders and the present Dr. Mukul Sangma, the old leaders accept and call for talks when there are any protests of the political parties and are ready to open. Dr. Mukul Sangma has been accused of forcing the youth to take up arms and enter the forest prematurely.
Dehradun/Haridwar, July 30: The death toll from the floods in Uttarkhand has not yet been completed. the event would amount to tens of thousands of people.
The incident took place at Morrisons in Herne Bay, Kent, London.
Whether these customs and traditions hinder their development we cannot know, but what we know is that they protect them as a separate nation and are not overwhelmed by other nations.
" Lydia's words Hep was very happy and tried to kiss her.
Gogoi was married to Dolly Gogoi on 30th November 1972 and they have a daughter, Chandrima Gogoi and a son, Gaurav Gogoi, MP from Kaliabor Lok Sabha constituency.
The pastor also welcomed my mother's request.
The singers are Micky Lyngdoh & Ibapyntsen Syiemlieh.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Dipul D Ryntathiang, Vice President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association in the presence of Honorary Treasurer of the Association Dhrubajyoti Thakuria, President of the East Khasi Hills District Cricket Association Dister Marbaniang and President of the All Jaintia Cricket Association, Bah Eddystone Shylla.
The tournament started on 26th October 2022 and the first match ended with a draw between Umphyrnai SC and Lawsohtun SC. .
Leeny Rai scored 15 runs.
Initially, it was necessary to investigate, to examine the witnesses and other evidence such as documents related to the training of children related to the IIS that the messages were sent to the United States. especially to Indians and phone back to people who claim to be IRS officers.
Shillong, June 12: First of all, we all know that the Hynniewtrep people have a sense of dignity which has been inherited by our ancestors.
On the other hand, he said that the Meghalaya government is one of the easiest to send projects or works that it wants to finance to the NEC and the slow arrival of proposals has made it difficult for the NEC to consider. to receive them because of the delay.
Nongpoh: To prevent the spread of Corona Virus (COVID-19), which has started spreading to several areas on the Meghalaya-Assam border, the District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, has issued a The order to place them in the Containment Zone, or areas where no entry and exit is allowed and that the people in these villages should stay at home.
The FKJGP has admitted that it has received a complaint from a woman regarding the sale of expired children's food by this foreigner.
The Superintendent of Police (SSP) East Khasi Hills District today clarified that the explosion of a petrol bomb on a police vehicle took place in Umbir village in Ri Bhoi District and not in Mawlyndep.
He expressed his satisfaction to see that the women besides having many responsibilities in their families but have come forward to meet with other women to set up 590 SHGs and 71 VOs for the purpose of supporting themselves and for the welfare of the women. the development of the village.
The Department of Mining and Geology of the Government of Meghalaya has been directed to take the necessary measures to receive the money mentioned in the demand notices from these two coke factories.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: The HSPDP has held an election campaign in Nongriat in the presence of Pynshai Joel Dkhar, Joint Secretary, Bony Lyngdoh, Sromwell Mawdoh and former MLA Irin Lyngdoh. The Congress, which has also been a Minister in the state government in previous years, came to give a public hearing for the election.
The incident happened at 9:20 pm at Basa Kwai, Iewduh.
Joshi's visit to Shillong is to reunite the party which is in the midst of fierce tensions within its family. He said that at the CLP meeting he will allow all the MLAs to vote. convey what they want to convey to him in terms of leadership.
“Such a statement is only to create political opportunities which shows that the Congress has ignored the real work of the people and the state,” said the President of the NPP. The Congress apologizing is an insult to the faith and lives of the people.
It may be recalled that on 15th July 2018, the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MNC) has appointed the office bearers of the Ranikor Block Congress Committee. JC Diengngan, Mabadon Nonglyer, Leenga A. Sangma and Haripodo Hajong.
“We have villages including Mawlai, Pynthorumkhrah and Nongthymmai.
Meghalaya has taken advantage of new initiatives by launching telemedicine services at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
After the incident, the suspects and the seized documents and equipment were handed over to the Churachandpur Police Station for further investigation. which are still valid.
The President of Wah Rilang, Bah Clearson Kharsyiemlieh, explained about the establishment of the tourist destination since
Other speakers were DD Syngngai, ADC, Hessed Thabah and Arijeet Debnath, Consultant, Planning Department and Sunita M.Sayoo Advocate.
Nongpoh, July 15: A youth was injured and the driver of an Auto Rickshaw collided with a Volkswagen at 12 noon on Friday. The incident occurred on National Highway-6 near Bethany Hospital Nongpoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Sohiong C&RD Block in Sohiong in the presence of the Minister of C&RD, Sniawbhalang Dhar. The foundation stone for the construction of the Sohiong Rural Market at Sohiong Market.
The Congress leader said that the biggest danger is that the Act will be misused by accusing people of corruption. “We cannot change our diet, as they do in the north and therefore we must be disciplined, with the characteristics of the country. “Where are you?” said the Congress leader.
Adelbert has not yet confirmed when he will resign and when asked, he said he will do so at the time he is required to resign.
Brothers and sisters, this message goes to the people of Meghalaya in general and to the people of Lyngngam in particular.
Meduwin Marak from Rongjeng, East Garo Hills said he was proud to be among the invitees to the I-Day celebrations in Delhi and looked forward to hearing the speech of the Prime Minister from the country. the Red Fort.
These include EGH: 33, EJH: 05, EKH: 270, NGH: 21, RBD: 43, SGH: 22, SWGH: 26, SWKH: 16, WGH: 71, WJH: 25 and WKH:
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 15,400 in the past 24 hours.
She said that this theme is based on three colours, Purple on Rights and Status, Purple on Ambition and White on Cleanliness.
Gurung said as part of his preparations for the World Championships in Berlin next year, Das will train in Shillong for two months as the weather here will help him. (Atanu Das) to explain.
In the coming days, Lumshnong will also receive a C&RD Block.
Nongstoiñ, November 01: The Government of India has launched the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra from 15th November 2023, as part of a campaign to explain and raise awareness among the people about various government schemes. right to know and benefit from those schemes.
Also present on the occasion were Assistant Education Secretary KSU CEC, Shalkitbok Kharbnai, KSU members Rueben Najiar, Richest Malngiang, Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Alerick Kharjana and members of KSU CEC. KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, members of KSU Vairangte Unit, Bah Sebastian Pakyntieñ, Chairman of Khasi Jaintia Village Development Council, Charles Rymbai, President of Barak Valley, Wanbor Pdang General Secretary of Barak Valley and others.
There was also a Special Award for the women who look after the welfare of Amlarem especially in terms of cleanliness.
He said the RSS has no intention of converting anyone because it believes in unity despite the differences in religion.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 6, EKH: 132, NGH: 3, RBD: 10, SGH: 1, SWKH: 13, WGH: 3, WJH: 53 and WKH: .
Although John Barla, a Catholic, praised the Church's contribution to the development of health, education and society, at the same time, he expressed his concern about the Christians in Chhattisgarh.
Although she has a short stature (Dwarfism), this young woman is hardworking and diligent in attending meetings and is quick to take part in any activities that should be done either in the Church or in the village; On the same day, the group also donated blankets and sopti to three Differently Abled Persons of the village; Members of the Group, Church Leaders, Women's Wing, Youth Wing and family members of these three were present.
The cause of the division among us and also the destruction of our nation is the destruction of the Khasi families.
On the other hand, the President of HNYF Shillong Region, Bah Bless Dkhar, said that although the market has been destroyed, it has been difficult to walk and walk. It has caused problems to the tourists and has destroyed the income generation opportunities for the women who sell in this area.
In fact, the 33% quota for the leadership has been a long-standing issue and has come up in Parliament during the Congress rule.
Aadhaar, which is an important part of digital assets, through its uniqueness, has become a necessary tool for digital governance in the country.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that in these days, up to 400 people have been found to have returned from the North East. , that they violated the quarantine at home, by leaving the house on the 13th of January
She also acknowledged that taking care of both sports and education is essential for the welfare of mankind.
“We don't accuse Bah Sylliang but we want to clarify to the public on this matter, because without a reason they will not leave,” said Bah Kharnaior.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wahkaliar Unit has found that the construction of the football ground in Wahkaliar is still pending.
With the support of Nangsan Kynter (14) and Daulabiang Shangpliang (35), the team started to come back to life and scored 100 runs.
Nongstoiñ: The 6th Pre Quarter Final of the 2nd Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoin Sport Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC) will be played today between Littlestar The match between the two teams will start at 1:30 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and is expected to be the sixth pre quarter final. it will be very beautiful.
S.Dkhar(Retd IAS) and U A.K mishra (MHA) Adviser, Northeast (Retd IPS).
Furthermore, Bah Donbok said that the actions of ACHIK are like setting fire and misleading the implementation of the Roster System on the preparation for recruitment within the Urban Affairs Department of the state government.
Two persons were taken to the police station for medical examination.
Surprisingly, those who are VPP leaders do not understand Hindi.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) led by its President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, today visited Nongstoin to explain to the people on the issue of the Roster System.
This area is famous for the presence of the Kper ki Mawbynna, which has collected many Mawbarit, female and male stones called Mawkur, a stone up to 27 feet tall called u Mawsahman u Mar, the stone used to collect the goods that come to the market for the purpose of offering gifts to Goddess Durga, the place where Mawblei is located and others.
She said that the four-wheeled buses were purchased from the Government of India through JNNURM while the maxi was purchased with financial assistance from the 13th Finance Commission of the Government of India.
So many shops were closed this morning.
The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Zenith M. Sangma, distributed the awards to these youths.
If all the way of thinking in human beings has declined to this extent, from parties, candidates to the way of thinking of the people, it is impossible to improve or repair the political system of our country. Destruction,danger and terror will await you in the next few years.
And if you make a mistake, the disease will spread again.
He said the BSF troops could not prevent this because illegal activities were committed within the border of Bangladesh on the border with India.
The Council of Nokma also said that Article 3 (g) of the Sixth Schedule should be amended as it relates to the appointment of Chief Executive Members.
Raising the issue, Bah Chyne said that the factory, which has been out of operation since 2006, has faced many problems due to the mismanagement.
“Our people have seen the work of Modi as Prime Minister but they have not seen the TMC,” said Bah Rudy Shangpliang. On the other hand, he denied that their joining the BJP was sent by the MLA, Bah HM Shangpliang.
He said the officers did not help the youth and acted arrogantly.
I saw Lieutenant Sadlier running to help Long. When I entered, he said that there was a man who was fighting here, that was Kiang.
There is no need to clean the car all day long in the middle of the river.
After a struggle of about four years, Tirot Singh surrendered on 13 January
The 68-year-old man was injected on October 8, 2021 and died of anaphylaxis, the first death after receiving the injection.
There are many benefits provided by the government, but it requires residents to train themselves in any job and the government also provides short training courses of 2-3 months to start working.
Oresterwell Langshiang scored the fastest goal in the 15th second of the first half, after running from the right side of the field. Nengnong gave it back to Langshiang who was able to throw it into the net of Iawpynsing.
KVK Jowai in collaboration with NBPGR Office Umiam, conducted a training program on 3rd June 2021 at Lumkhudung Village, West Jaintia Hills on the importance of conservation. it is an indigenous species.
This is not the case in Meghalaya.
On the allegation that the Monolith Festival will not be held in the Mawphlang Hima, Pyniaid said that the Khasi Heritage Festival has a social agreement with the Mawphlang Hima, but for the Monolith Festival. Festivals do not have any social agreement in which it is up to the Council to hold any festival.
I will die if God wills.
Speech was also delivered by Bah T.Shangdiar, Master Bee Trainer of Nangkiew Irat Cluster who told about his success and journey in the field of beekeeping.
The hostel fee is 3500/- per month.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the hospital has been built to provide services to the people especially to the poor women, children and children in the East and West. Jaintia Hills District.
It is also prohibited to hold public rallies from 2nd October 2023 to 4 pm on 4th October
God's Word tells us in the book of Revelation about.
Don’t wait until there are drug users in the family.
He said, “He that toucheth thee toucheth my eyeball” (Zechariah 2:8).
The match in the final was similar to the semi, where the target of victory was low after EGH lost all wickets and scored only 89 runs in 32 overs after choosing to bat first. TDCA won the toss and elected to bat first. TDCA managed to score four wickets with 10.1 overs left.
From Pool B, Shangpung Moosyiem and Sailung Ialong have qualified for the semifinals of the 1st Division after scoring 13 and 12 points from five games.
He said that according to the information provided by the Minister of Electricity, the government owes up to T.90 crore to various companies in the state and whether it has cut off the electricity or punished it.
We should honor those who first saw the sun and the moon.
On the same night, the WJDBA announced that the Laskein Block Badminton Association has joined hands with the WJDBA to promote this sport in Laskein Block.
I also urge the Student's Union and NGO's to fight hard to advocate and bring about true rights in this Policy.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 15 : Lamare SC Shillong has won the 2022-23 Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament 2022-23, organized by New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club at New Nongstoiñ Square.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Chairman of the Chief Executive Members of Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshiing, on Tuesday said that according to the report sent by the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) to the President of the country, Pratibha Patil, On 18th July 2012, the Commission questioned why there is still a need for District Councils in the states of Meghalaya and Mizoram, since in Meghalaya the population is Khasi, Jaintia and Garo and the state is governed by but to themselves.
“Therefore, all members of MCTA are hereby informed that from 1st July, 2023, until further notice, all members should boycott the classes of the First Semester.
The group congratulates Donlang Kharumnuid and Johnson Nongrum.
Today, God has counted that there is only one death.
The race is 16 km long and passes through 11 villages with the longest running time being 8 hours.
Vehicles with passes should carry only 2 passengers in four wheelers and only 1 person in two wheelers ie only the driver while commercial vehicles should carry only 50 percent passengers.
And this is happening until now that the Jews or Israel do not accept and do not want to hear the preaching of the Gospel about Jesus Christ.
Rakkam said the aim of the New Education Policy is to provide adequate education to the students, which will benefit the education sector throughout the state.
He said that at the time of his fall, he caught a stone in the middle of the night but because of his grip was not strong enough, he fell and fall again until you fall to the ground.
Jowai: Three political parties, the AJSU, HYC and AJHSWO this evening held a candlelight vigil to mourn the death of a 5 year old child who lost her life due to rape on the 17th of this month. Shortly in a village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KHNAM President Pynsapborthiaw Saibon said that the party is now ready to find people who have the responsibility to serve the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Foreigners in the state have received a permanent residence permit in the name of Khasi girls through marriage where they have been able to do many jobs and trade. .
Therefore, both (6th Schedule and 317 A-J) cannot be combined.
The father of this family has recently passed away leaving behind his wife and seven children, including a five month old. and they shall dwell therein.
Gurjit Singh said there should be a fair dialogue to get a common decision and as of now they have only talked to the media and sent the blueprint, even the court. “When the HPC talked, they didn't accept any of the demands, so what's the point of talking?” On the closure of the road, Singh said, “Since “We have suggested that they should open this place, because the people are suffering from traffic jam, but they don't listen”.
It is sad that within two years, two fires have happened to the property of Christian Churches in the Mawkhar Qualapatty area.
Ranveer Singh, who took part in the Premier League tour, expressed his delight to have the opportunity to meet face to face with the prominent players of the past years as well as the stars of the clubs. different.
SC Sadhu Secretary, Fisheries Department, Meghalaya was the chief guest at the Aqua Fest, MA Khongjliw. The Officer in charge of Ri Bhoi District, the Principal of MSFR&TI, Kong O.Khongngain, the staff of the department together with the school children and fishermen from Ri Bhoi District who came to witness the event. day.
“The cleanliness march is a sign that the people of Assam are angry and opposed to the CAB and this protest is to send a message to the Government of India that we are against it. “It's a good idea to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill,” said one of the protesters.
Along with the contractor, it is estimated that 50 others were beheaded by the attackers.
However, for those who think far away, this kind of disease is a great lesson for us.
The Prime Minister in a meeting with the media has already promised to call for talks with the MMSA leaders to avoid any protests that will affect the people.
After this cultivator, a ridging plough is attached, so that the growth and cultivation of the soil is done once.
Earlier, he said he had also informed the team from the Netherlands that in Meghalaya there is no need to cut down trees because the counting of trees has already entered the minds of the residents.
The RJTA, which is responsible for the welfare of traders, invites everyone to work together to bring about a clean environment in the markets and villages.
He is one of the land owners who has expressed his demand to increase the rent set by the government from 30 tyngka to a higher price as the price of 30 tyngka has been in place since and it no longer fits the passage of time.
Dr. RA Torrey said: There is no higher position in life, and no higher calling than the honor and calling of being a mother, even this Bible I hold honors mothers.
The reason for the destruction of the well was because the company had blocked a village road which had to pass through the company.
When asked about the struggle for independence and the Reservation Policy, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that the HSPDP under the leadership of Hoping Stone Lyngdoh has been fighting for its own state since ancient times. For decades as a State, even if it is a small State, it is time to demand the rights of the State because it is easier to pass laws in the Legislative Assembly.
Young Minds today distributed food items such as rice and other items with prayers to the Gangte and Kuki communities in Madanryting, Shillong.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pala said, “If we come on time, we will introduce policies especially for the youth.
Please publish this article about your youthful love if you are God bless you bah bah.
The KSU Laban Circle has stressed that the roads in Laban are already narrow, and the construction of pandals on the road and the setting up of shops on the road is narrowing the road, which has caused traffic jam and many There is a traffic jam and a disruption to the traffic.
After the BSF Frontier Headquarters denied the allegation of attack on civilians and private vehicles in Sonpyrdi, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh and the East Jaintia Hills District Unit have turned their backs on the victims. The BSF checkpoint at Sonapyrdi on 26th June.
From her womb came forth those who were able to improve that nation.
The allegation by the party members, including the leaders, is that the President, Bah Pangniang, has planned alone and acted alone without consulting and consulting with his fellow office bearers, leaders and employees. Nongstoin and Mawthadraishan constituencies in issuing tickets to their candidates to contest the upcoming MDC elections.
Shillong: The PRS Legislative Research, a website that tracks the performance of MLAs and MPs in India, has all the facts on the participation of MPs in the Parliament. , in the 16th session of the Lok Sabha.
In the sub-junior boys' category, Dame-wanshwa Kharraswai, Batskhemlang Kharbani and Teiborlang Iawphniaw were awarded, while in the junior boys' category, Mebanteibha Kharlyngdoh, Kelvin Anderson Kharraswai and Jerry Lyngdoh were awarded.
I want to meet my friend again.
He said that the purpose of these JUHEs is like the soldiers of Satan and wherever the Gospel goes the Gospel of Jesus Christ enters they also come to fight against, so when fighting for Christmas on the day of The coming of the Lord Jesus, we see that this devil also comes to fight against so when we play drama or Christmas dance we take the JUHE soldiers as one of the subjects in front of light and darkness they came to fight.
On the other hand, Fedrik R Kharkongor, Chief Electoral Officer, said, “The presidential election in our state has ended at 5 pm today. The four candidates came to cast their votes, while the four candidates could not come for various reasons.
He said that the presence of pig farms has been a help to the department as it can sell the animals to earn money to meet the needs such as buying vehicles, equipment and others. .
“We were in this place (Ichamati) because of the rally against CAA so it is true that through the mobile tower it will broadcast the same.
We expect the Congress to work hard to find out the facts and bring them forward for the benefit of the people and not to cover up their own misdeeds,” said Marak.
The event was attended by former leaders of the party, invited leaders and members of the party from all over the state.
The body of the six-month-old child was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
Dr Mawthoh said he has received many complaints about the delay in the implementation of this scheme in the state especially in urban areas where many of the rightful people have not been registered and some have registered. name to another place that has stirred up the people.
“This issue should have disappeared if it wasn't for the Central Government to grant ILP to Manipur in 2020 and promised to bring us to power and we will grant you ILP. I know that the Seng Bhalang and Student Sengs have the right to demand because the central government has played politics with the ILP. We also know that the ILP cannot be issued by the State Government except by the Central Government.
During the meeting, Bah Mawrie promised to discuss the issue with Amit Shah as well as other BJP leaders from the North East.
"The whole world witnesses and acknowledges the power of India's faith in science, our technology and our science-based thinking," Modi said.
Earlier, the state education department had also refused to provide information to the RTI applicants who sought information about the report of the High Level Committee.
The house is located near the Shillong-Pynursla highway and is a shopkeeper's house and not a residential house.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, 6 people have lost their lives in the shooting incident ha Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills. Assam Police and through this incident has also shocked many people who pass through this road in Ri Bhoi.
On the other hand, police who arrived later and arrested about 8 youths who were drinking alcohol in the area.
Glosimon of Nongkhlaw State, Sd.
This reporter recently visited these villages and walked along the road from Sonapur, East Jaintia Hills District to Huroi, which is less than 20 kilometers from Sonapur to Huroi.
Kumar's reply came after Congress leader KH Muniyappa said, "Ramesh Kumar and I are like husband and wife.
He said that many times he has had to request the Chiefs, Ministers, Lyngdohs, Basan, from Shnong, Raid to Hima to ask for help from their children on how to use email and email. mobile.
Furthermore, those who said that it would cause conflict have also misunderstood that there has not been a single incident of conflict between the two ethnic groups in the state.
It is learned that during the 50th anniversary celebration, 300 different projects will be launched, or about a day, for one project.
However, the Minister said that the government is facing difficulties in implementing it due to the lack of teachers.
The sisters promised to send the child to school and give her an artificial leg according to her age.
In the women's category, the Youngest Player award went to Balahunshisha Mawthoh of Umtngew SC, the Best Player to Naphidakmen Kshiar of Umtngew SC. Larijanai Kshiar of Thadan SC won the Best Goalkeeper Award and Dahunshisha Mylliemngap of Thangsning SC won the Man of the Match award. Wanpyniar Nongbri of Umphrup SC won the Best Player of the Tournament, Lam Kharum Nuid of Laitdiengsai SC won the Best Goalkeeper award, Nangkitboklang L. Nongbri of Umphrup SC won the Best Goalkeeper award and Ïohbor Nonglyer of Indian SC won the Best Goalkeeper award. Idashisha Nongrang, the oldest Director General of Police (DGP) of the state, has been sworn in as the new Director General of Police (DGP) on Tuesday. before the police department will take action including the maintenance of peace and order.
Dulong Sports Club and Mulang Ialong Sports Club qualified for the final after winning the semi-final match held on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
It is clear that these parties have agreed to negotiate within the provisions of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Golden Jubilee Celebration Committee of Raid Sha Bong Border Area Govt Upper Primary School, Pynursla, has prepared to conclude the 50th Anniversary of the school in April There will be many programs especially on the last day.
He informed that those who violate this may be punished according to the laws passed under the Statistics Act
From the conversation with the Mawshynrut MDC, it is understood that in the next few days there will be a strong conflict within the HSPDP party.
On the other hand, there will be foreign workers in these 6846 villages, who will be brought in by the Survey of India who will live with the villagers for at least 5 years, or until the completion of those villages. it shall not be in the villages.
Then Bah Deng said that he would go to Lanosha's house.
Wherever these protesters come out to protest against violence against women and children.
Langrin received the National Award for Swatch Sunder Sauchalya in New Delhi today.
It was observed that many of the shops which the residents use every day have closed down earlier today, and in the evening there were no more goods as the residents had already bought for the second half today and tomorrow.
“He said that the police should be well thought out to avoid any tragic incident, to avoid the loss of life whether from the relatives or on the part of the victims. the Police.
On the same night, after receiving information about the robbery, the police and authorities have warned the public to close their homes and to be vigilant. of this robber in the area is very dangerous to the lives of the people.
The union has complained that this is an insult to the area and an insult to the police department as a whole.
“The deterioration of the transformer has affected the students of the village as many of the students are still in the middle of the mid-year examination,” said Donbok Mukhim president KSU Lad Rymbai Unit. Executive Engineer, MePDCL Khliehriat Distribution Division on Tuesday.
He also encouraged the youth of the State to be trained on the registration process to prevent others from selling their inventions and directed the NEHU to and publish studies on skills training and barriers to others commercializing their insights or discoveries.
The discussion was part of the celebration of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, or the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence.
He said it is urgent to send an MP to urge the central government to be like a big water pipe along with a big tank to distribute drinking water and bring blessings to the state as a whole.
“After we have moved the animals from Lady Hydari Park, we will turn it into a greenery park where the people can go for a walk in the morning and for a walk in the evening,” he said.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 421 today.
Replying to the issue raised by Mayraldborn, the Minister in charge of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui said that the government has collected well information on this and it is not that it has not paid attention but the Work is ongoing for the improvement of the school.
According to reports, the damage caused by the landslide has been severe and has severely affected the National Highway connecting with North Sikkim.
However, before the sixth year, the rules to ban the mining and transportation of coal have started to be relaxed gradually and today the ban has started to open, in which Conrad Kongal Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, himself. He went to Nongstoiñ to announce publicly that the government has released the mining and transportation of coal.
Children who rule together with their parents are disciplined and before doing anything wrong, they think twice because when they get home they have to answer because they don't have a place to hide. However, in those households where there is no cooperation between the mother and the father, if the father asked, the mother answered and if the parent asked, the parents answered clearly and clearly.
Under the second issue, he stressed the need to provide Hindi education to students up to Class 9 and to focus more on Hindi examinations.
We must understand that domestic problems are more serious than external ones.
This also God foretold, saying, “In that day, when my people Israel shall dwell safely, shalt thou not know it? And thou shalt come from thy place out of the east, thou, and many people with thee, all of them riding upon horses.
Thus from the Resurrection of Jesus to the day of Pentecost is 50 days.
The case has now reached the Supreme Court of India and the case is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that although the KHUDA is led by the Congress in the KHADC, it has no problem speaking against it. The state government is not led by the Congress.
Besides, the NPYF said that the ambulance carrying the injured policemen should not be stoned as it is important to save lives and provide assistance to those in need.
The film was shot by Elvest Thabah Studio while the director of photography is Elvest Thabah and the assistants are Pynshongdorlang W. Laitthma, Lumbok Thabah and Gordon Diengdoh.
Among the four dead, the driver, who is from the Bareh clan, along with two others were seriously injured and are all in the ICU at the hospital.
On the other hand, the MDC, besides requesting for assistance from the government, also appealed to the people of the area to wait for the current situation, as the problem they are facing now is not yet solved. He urged the people to obey the government's directives and also to restrict the entry and exit of foreigners, he added.
To tell the truth, our Hynniewtrep people hold very sacred the Ïawbei ki Thawlang who are the founders of the Jaitbynriew and the Jaitbynriew.
“It is clear that these allegations are only to insult the BJP and the State Vice President and Convener of Garo Hills Bernard Marak for his prominence in Garo Hills especially in Tura South. " said Bah Mawrie.
The Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, comes from a rural constituency and at the same time he used to be a teacher.
The match was not over yet, in which both sides struggled to score, but in the last minute (90'+3), Phrangsngi Pakem scored the winning goal. Ladthalaboh won the match with a header.
So I don't know if there's anything about this but this month I'll see.
Gill said his wife and two children, who are now in Canada, will take part in the protest against the bill in Toronto.
These unacceptable attitudes can also lead to many problems in the future.
In the second half, the players of Tyllilang used their skills and strength to return to the school where they had scored and especially to win the title, it was at such a time that Nangkiew. Shaphrang had a chance to score through Kyrshan Nongbet in the 65th minute to make it 1-1
There will be on-site registration from 5:45 p.m.
On this point, Roos admitted that this was a fraud and deceit by Pfizer, calling it the biggest deception and the most successful murder. .
“In these years of the BDO, Bah L.Diengdoh, the Block has not improved in any way, especially in the office which has become like a cow shed. “It is true that the building of the office is too old but due to the lack of attention by the head of the office, it has become a shame to those who fall under the block,” said the youth. announcement.
At the same time, she explained that once the VWSCs have received adequate training, the government will send funds directly to the VWSCs to look after the water supply from supply to and they came to their houses.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 87 new cases have been confirmed and 892 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
One of them, who was only 5 years old, played with fire and set fire to his house.
Regarding the open fire, there are those who say that they have done this to ensure that the plant will grow quickly for the animals to eat.
The speakers also emphasized on the position of the HYC that it stands for the struggle for the cause of the Jaitbynriew Hynniewtrep which is a minority.
He was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 19th November and died on 19th November at 3 pm.
“It is our responsibility to preserve the dignity and authority of the House which has been honored since ancient times by refraining from speaking rude words inside the House during the debate".
Referring to the incident on the 22nd of this month which led to the shooting death of five persons in Mukroh, Nujorki said that the incident started in Mukroh on that day. Assam Police and Forest officials have arrested three persons who were coming from the fields with rice in a Maruti and in this incident, one driver escaped.
In East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from 101 Area, Upper Shillong, 15 health workers, 6 cases from Malki, 6 cases from Mawlai Phudmuri, 5 cases from Nongrim Hills, 5 cases from police and 19 cases from abroad.
It is learned that those who shot the man are from the village, but it is learned that the suspects have not yet been identified.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: U Minister of State and Congress MLA Zenith M Sangma on Tuesday said that he does not accept to say that the BJP has risen rapidly in the state.
“In the 2018 elections, there were allegations against the party here and there but these disappeared because it was unfounded allegations and the people elected me because I have more confidence than those allegations” , he added.
We are from the government, so we cannot do anything against our citizens.
After the meeting, the MDCs of KAAC and JHADC in the presence of (Dr) Mansing Rongpi MLA-20 Baithalangso, while the MLAs of Jaintia Hills who fall on the border of Nartiang and Mowkaiaw were not present. faithful to this meeting.
There were 50081 candidates who sat for the examination, but only 25195 passed.
According to Deep, the BDO has lodged a complaint with the DC, because the two JEs have not complied and fulfilled their duties.
KSU EJHD Unit President Streamly Nongjop Suchen, in the presence of Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem S Dkhar, Asst Finance Secretary Cherity D Suja, Sport Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem and others. Individuals who have a compassionate spirit to come forward to help the victims.
Shillong, July 23: The drama in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) continues and many changes have taken place during the three and a half years term of office of the MDCs.
The house is small but quiet, where mothers bring their young children to look after the older ones and themselves go to work in the fields.
“These 19 persons have been able to release skei, khla thapsim and other unique species of animals in their Jaintia Hills.
The rally was called and organized by ATSUM as part of the protest against the demand of the Meitei community for Schedule Tribe (ST) status.
When many residents wanted to express before the Government that they do not have such peace in their areas, the MDA Government has ignored and ignored the peace and stability of the State. .
Nongstoiñ, July 26: Kyr Shai Village is still within the border of West Khasi Hills District, and is also on the border with Assam. The villages of the area are still far behind and the reason is because of the neglect of the children of the area by the State Government in all aspects.
Bah Pynskhembor Kharwanlang, Sirdar of the village, said that the government's closure of the factory will affect the village of Mawmluh and the Sohra area as a whole.
In these days, as the coronavirus pandemic is spreading across the country, the Children's Minister of India, Arjun Ram Meghwal, has praised one of the food Bhabhi Ji Papad and said , that this is the food, which is still sufficient, to kill the Coronavirus.
On the 8th October, 2018, five private vehicles were destroyed in Upper Mawprem.
“Our life on earth does not end with death, but there is that part which we call the prayer of redemption, the prayer of sanctification and the Christian church of the victorious,” said Rev. Fr. Ferdinand.
And that is what is happening now in this generation that is just like the days of Noah.
Shillong, Nailar, 04: The Khasi Hills is a country rich in hills, rivers, forests and monuments since ancient times which have been preserved by our ancestors in our present heritage.
Therefore, it sent warplanes to patrol the area and to check the condition and movement of the ship.
Besides, the BSF has also helped those residents who live on the border.
At the same time, he said that the response to the RTI is not complete.
Bah Lambok Thabah, the eldest brother of six brothers, is survived by his wife, Kong Mildred Sun and three children.
On Lockdown: The Khasi Bible of Christians or Catholics according to the Book of Isaiah Chapter 26, Verses 20-21 says, “Come, my people, enter into your chambers, and shut your doors behind you.
The MoUs were signed during the Investors' First Port of Call in Singapore including the proposal for an investment of T.312 crore by Singapore-based Hi-P International Pvt Ltd. The electrical appliances project in Tamil Nadu will create about 700 jobs.
By doing this, he said that the kwai grew and grew well.
In his speech, Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association, informed the President of the IOA that Meghalaya has faced many challenges in which it has had to change many activities due to the outbreak of the coronavirus. Covid-19 and lockdown, but after the arrival of peace, the MSOA together with the DSYA have worked hard to save and hold the 3rd State Games in June 2020, the 4th State Games in The 2nd North East Games will be held in November 2022 which will be an honor for the state and there are many construction projects that have been completed and are in progress. The games will be held at different venues in Shillong and Tura (sub city) as part of the preparations for the National Games.
Shortly after, police also recovered a vehicle with registration number ML05 0655 (Maruti Car).
Whether you close it or accept it, you don't understand what has become your inheritance,” said the mother.
The newly elected office bearers are Chairman, Vice Chairman (2), General Secretary, Asstn.
Hunmon Rangad, mother of (L) Mr Collinson Rangad, Mrs Juliana Rangad and Mrs Estar Mary Rangad passed away on September 17,
Khliehriat, Jymmang 26: Leaders, members of the Voice of the People (VPP) of Khliehriat Circle, together with the people, youth of Khliehriat Constituency and Sutnga Saipung Constituency today held a rally. The VPP leader, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has held a village council in Khliehriat, near the office of the Deputy Commissioner, as a sign of support for the VPP leader, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. or the Reservation Policy which should be amended according to the demands of the time.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Bah E.Kharmalki, CEO Shillong Municipal Board, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Sadar PS Police Station that on the 27th of this month at 8:45 pm, robbers broke the lock of a school. One of the robbers has stolen 127 kilos of heroin from a warehouse at Polo Market. There is a strong suspicion that the person who committed the crime is sin u bah. hep.
We shall be slaves in our own land.
Even the MLA Schemes can be approached by many, including Longkmie and women.
Inform the authorities if you see such animals.
We are now planning that in April, before the end, or in November, we will go to Delhi, check the collections from the ministry whether our applications reach the ministry," la said Dr. Nonglight.
The election will be held on the 06th June, 2023 from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaïaw, Shillong.
“Whether it is the Congress, the UDP or the independent candidates, we respect each other by urging our supporters to be strong but the sad thing is that as a Khasi people and as a country that knows us, tipblei, honorable country, yesterday it became clear who started inciting their people to disturb our meetings,” said Bah Pynïaid.
of Meghalaya, Election Department has appointed me as DC Resubelpara.
The JSU sends its condolences to the family and to all the loved ones of the family.
Other parts of the program included a drama by the students of St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang entitled 'The Impact of Drugs' and the reading of the pledge entitled Sister Cecelia Kujur was born.
Speaking to media through video conferencing here today, Sitharaman announced the measures taken regarding the Income Tax, GST, Customs and Central Excise, Corporate Affairs, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. (IBC) Fisheries, Banking Sector and Commerce.
The Minister also announced several development projects for South Garo Hills including the Ranikor-Rongara-Baghmara Road which has almost been completed, the construction of a development project in Baghmara and the Ranikor-Rongara-Baghmara Road. The launch of the Science and Commerce Stream at Captain Williamson Sangma College, Baghmara for the benefit of the students of South Garo Hills.
They demanded that the government should pay their three month salary of T.19,044 each to Lower Primary teachers and T.20,493 to one Upper Primary teacher for 8 months. the arrear from 2016-1
The SP of East Khasi Hills, M Kharkrang, said that the fire brigade rushed to the scene and the fire could not spread to other neighboring houses.
He also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the office of Chokpot Civil Sub Division, South Garo Hills.
The award was presented by Business World magazine to Prof. Goyal for his contribution to the development of business education.
Thus the Word of God (Bible) tells us that the WORD became flesh and blood into this world.
We also tried to ask the shopkeepers who sell shops in the market about their overpriced sales but they also replied that they have bought from the market and if they don't sell like that, they don't have to pay for the vehicle. .
The tournament will be held at the Assam Rifles Football Stadium in Laitkor.
Shillong: U Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly today recognized the joining of 12 Congress MLAs to the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
In the first semi final of the women's category, Mawshynrut won by beating Rambrai Block 4-0 to qualify for the final in the women's category of the tournament.
Other members and supporters of the TMC were also elected. Andrew Shullai welcomed the leaders and members of the Unit and urged them to work hard to reach the goal.
Khliehriat: The Meghalaya Games 2019-20 will be held from 17th to 21st June, 2020 organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Basketball Association, Shillong.
Without this bill, there will be 17 Assembly constituencies where Bangladeshi Muslims will be elected,” Sarma said.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the milk production in the State is still in its infancy, and he encouraged the people to work in this milk production industry so that they can become more productive. to develop in terms of production and to be able to support and improve themselves.
Damewanhi Rymbai said that besides Lakadong shynrai, he also brought other crops such as sying makhir, sying blei, sying met, shriew, kwai, tympew. , soh shang, soybeans my it, sohmarit wild sohmarit, plants dait bniat, phan karo and others.
“After receiving an SMS from my friends about this incident, I called the SP to ask after three days and I received a reply from the SP that the police have to investigate everything. sections in connection with this matter.
Speaking on the occasion, Bishop Victor Lyngdoh spoke on the theme of Jeremiah 17:14 which says “LORD HEAL ME UNTIL I AM HEALTHY” He said the purpose of the Bible Convention is to remind people to change from bad to good in serving God, loving God and loving fellow human beings. Let us strive to continue to improve, to strive for peace, hope and love and most importantly to have a healthy body and to serve God with joy.
Prestone said the decision is now up to the HNLC and the Government is waiting to move forward with the peace talks.
He said that the Seng wants the Minister to explain why WKH is far away from receiving the plastic playground which is the dream of many youths of the area. the area.
She said the leaders have come to Lum Garo to gather their members to stand in one voice.
but we must love our fellow human beings, especially those who are older, if we have done so, we have gained wisdom.
Shillong: Four members of the SBI Jowai Circle have met with the KSU Jowai Circle to discuss the closure of the SBI Mynso Branch at Phramer.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Roben President of KSU Laban Circle, said that the actions of these people are like an insult to the Christians in the state by shouting Jai Shri Ram and therefore the party cannot remain silent in this regard, he said.
Boys team, Mohit Joshi, Jai Asher Kshiar, Gaurav K Singh, Vivian W Laloo, Jordan Myrphet, Xavier T Tariang, Stephan N Marweiñ, Mewanpyntngen Shadap, Jonathan Rani, Kenan Jomaia Rani, Jonathan D Jyrwa , Babitlang Ryndong, Aaron Momin, Pratham Majumdar, Akshit Upadhya, Aditya Sharma, Raynell Kharbuki, Gavin Kharbuki and Karlsten Diengdoh.
On the other hand, the way of the cross reminds us that Jesus stands with and fights for the rejected and persecuted.
Umiam falls within the border of Meghalaya and the statement by the Chief Minister of Assam shows only two ways, one that the Assam government is willing to fight, not only on the border, but also on the border. Secondly, the MDA government has arranged with the Assam government without the knowledge of the people.
Young people are young people, who are still interested in what they see, hear, and hear from their friends.
The Congress has said that Narendra Modi and Amit Shah should be held responsible for the entire incident and that Modi should answer.
This is an event, which has not happened in seven years, in which there will be a full eclipse of the moon and then a full eclipse of the moon.
BJP MDCs in JHADC have criticized the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat for his rude remarks to the employees of JHADC who came to meet him to request for the release of salaries on the 26th of this month. He said that even the MDCs will protest if the council does not receive their salaries.
Her father, Ainam, said that they had been looking forward to this victory of their daughter after seeing her hard work and success in her studies.
Jowai: The KSU Hingaria Unit and the Southern Border Area Youth Welfare Association (KSU) have expressed their concern over the lack of Sub-Health Center in the Hingaria area which includes villages like Huroi, Lailong and others. and they were about three thousand men.
Meghalaya scored 71 runs in 38.4 overs.
His daughter, Ksenia Shoigu, 31, who left for Ufa three days before the 23rd of this month, supported the statement. he was now in the midst of a heart attack.
Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem supported the motion by Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem who said that the District Council does not have a record of the Kurs and Jaits. that this mistake in the spelling will cause mistakes in the marriage in the next two or three generations.
Furthermore, as an encouragement to the members of the Movement, he gave them a strong advice by saying that when joining the Movement, be people who have a goal to achieve or achieve various positions of the Movement. honor agree kidei who hakham.
Shillong, July 14: The East Khasi Hills District Milk Union (EKHDMU) on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction with the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of the Government. The State has announced that it will no longer allow the sale of cow's milk due to the Lumpy Skin Disease in cows. At the same time, without testing whether it is safe to drink cow's milk, the order was issued while the fish was tested and the order was issued to ban the sale of cow's milk. you fish.
Similarly, the managing committee of the school does not believe in the condition of the school, or to seek assistance for the school, such as classrooms and toilets for the students.
On the occasion of the inauguration of the 102, Mr. UP praised the 108 for its ability to provide services to the people of Uttar Pradesh who have benefited greatly from it.
We don't know whether their struggle will be successful or defeated, but we will not discuss that here and we will discuss the relationship between the NPP and the BJP from now on.
Sikkim lost four wickets by 55 runs in the first innings on Saturday and lost all seven wickets by 25 runs this morning.
The two other border markets that have not been approved by the governments of India and Bangladesh are Dalu, Kalipara in West Garo Hills and Huroi in East Jaintia Hills.
The author said that the book is based on the writings of the British soldiers and at the same time it is taken from the oral narrative of the elders from time to time.
In order to protect their own border, the residents of Mowjem village also gathered on 15/4/2023 and damaged their crops.
*I am also a good person but I want to change.
This is the government of Narendra Modi.
The writer does not want to die like he died in Colombo without a fight.
The Meghalaya government will file a defamation case against All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) spokesperson Saket Gokhale on November .
The debate on the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) has been heated and many ethnic groups and organizations have expressed their concern and opposition to the Act.
“The people in the villages are well aware of this, because there are still many villages which have not received water from the JJM,” said Shira in a statement sent by video.
Scientists are now struggling to dig and destroy such structures, and are increasingly developing techniques to build stronger and more powerful structures.
Shillong, July 05 : Mawklot SC has won the Inter Dong Knock-Out Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Upper Shillong Mylliem Circle. match at Mylliem Village Stadium 12 Mer.
“This has happened in states like Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur,” he said.
On the same day, mobile tablets were also distributed to the students through the CM Digital Learning Aids Scheme.
After they fled, the Rangbah Shnong said that they searched the vehicle and found about T.64,0
These seven areas include Taradubi, Gizang, Hakim, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilingkata and Ratacherra.
Wout Weghorst scored for the Netherlands in the 83rd and 101st minutes; In penalties, the Netherlands scored three goals while Argentina scored four goals.
The region has to grow.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Khasi Heritage Village Management Committee (KHVMC) and Executive Member of the Arts and Culture Department of the Council, Bah Victor Ranee. the dep.
The Steering Committee has been able to provide suggestions and proposals on the Clan Bill, answers to questions from the Governor's Office to the District Council on the Clan Bill and others. thoughts or ideas relating to the customs and traditions of the nation.
On the other hand, the DC said that the working hours will be from 7 pm to 6 pm.
The Dorbar Shnong Ialong on 1st June released fish seeds at the Umdalong Fish Sanctuary and also conducted a cleanliness drive and set up garbage dumps provided by the Tourism Department.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 18 : The Charity Football Friendly Match between the Pastors of Mawkyrwat Zone against the Government Officers of South West Khasi Hills District will be played on the 23rd July, 2022 at 1 pm.
During the Free Medical Camp, doctors from the BSF health centers were involved in examining the patients and distributing medicines to the patients.
Meghalaya's 10th goal has started to stir up Arunachal Pradesh's 10th goal, which has started to improve their play, but Meghalaya's players have started to improve their performance. They are very vigilant and careful about every attempt on the part of Arunachal Pradesh.
Meghalaya also has all these rights and special protections under the Constitution itself, although it is not under Art
“I tried to play with a rope.
“If there are no more rice farmers in Myntdu Pynthorneiñ and Myntdu Pynthorwah”, he said, “life along the Myntdu River will suffer”.
When asked whether there is an agreement between the NPP and BJP for the Ampati election, David said they have not yet spoken to the NPP leaders. In the last election, Bakul Hajong was defeated by Dr. Mukul Sangma of the Congress by 8104 votes out of which he received only 8617 votes while Dr. Mukul Sangma received 16721 votes.
In another development, the HYC NEHU-UNIT strongly condemns the violence against its fellow members.
We have to urge the present government to review the soskular signed between NEEPCO and the previous government, and to find ways to implement it.
Investigation agencies such as the ED, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and other prominent ones fall under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
This is to inform you that Basi Mobel Pohlong has passed away on
The Meghalaya EMRI WORKERS union (MEMRIWU) has decided to resume its strike indefinitely across the state. which will start at 12 noon on the 30th November
The DC's office has also urged the public to avoid crowds by staying 1 meter apart and to wear masks. time standing to buy groceries on days when grocery stores are open.
He carried the animal alone and dragged it along with a stick cut from the Shyieng Tree.
When it comes to this, it is true that the young people who have learned to live in peace and harmony because there is no one to guide them, the future is dark.
Replying to a question, Dr Mukul said the government and the party do not want to interfere in the matter as the investigation is ongoing and they do not want to interfere in any matter. which is against the law.
East Khasi Hills district has won nine gold medals in various categories.
On the other hand, Commander Shangpliang urged the government to expedite the distribution of assistance and the death toll should not be like a fraud like in previous years when farmers received only T. 170, but they should give assistance according to the damage to rice, pan and other vegetables.
At the same time, Alia will also star in Jee Le Zaraa with Priyanka Chopra and Katrina Kaif and the film will be shot in several parts of the world in the coming months. .
“The semifinal result really encouraged the team and all the players.
The Wushu Championship was inaugurated by Bah John F Kharshiing in the presence of Ma Finely L Pariat General Secretary (MSOA). government and MLA of Mawhati.
Perhaps, all this is due to the reluctance of the state government to develop the departments which can be of benefit to the education sector.
There have been 137 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
We have ordered the group to stay where they are and not to leave.
MEPA never thought that such trolls would appear.
The DMHO said that the government has already sanctioned the posts at the hospital but there is still a shortage of doctors on this basis. The opening of the hospital is slow.
This is known as the World Council of Hindus.
It is worth mentioning that many promises have been made by many of the leaders of Mawlai regarding the pond in which their promise is not only to improve the pond but to install a washing machine so that everyone can they shall not be cleansed any more.
There have been several meetings in my capacity and in the capacity of the Chief Secretary to ensure that the delivery of all the materials will be completed by 15th June”.
It cannot be said that the contest this time will be between the NPP-AITC-UDP-Congress and others.
Behdeinkhlam was honored and Behdeinkhlam was honored on Sunday.
Let us awaken those who are asleep and let those who are in doubt think because as a nation we don't have time to sleep and wait for each other.
Earlier, foodgrains were also distributed to the poor households in Mawpran Nongmadan, Laitlyting Iewduh and others.
Jowai, March 28: The office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, today announced to all the electors of the 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency that the Electoral Roll has been prepared according to the second electoral registration. This copy can be obtained from the office of the Electors Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, Amlarem during office hours.
The students, who had to stay at the university for a long time, as they did not have a place to stay elsewhere and could not return home, due to the curfew imposed by the Indian government. They ordered them to leave and spoke racist language.
There are witnesses from our side who will speak and if any of you have witnessed the incident , I urge you to come and testify before the Court and you will have our support .
“If the people do not engage in corruption and exercise their right to vote properly, the state will also have leaders who do not engage in corruption and this will bring good to the state as a whole especially in terms of economic development. “It is for this reason that the people should know man and know God when they go to vote,” said the statement.
Nadia, 25, from Byrwa, Umsning, Ri-bhoi District, has won the Miss Winter Wonderland 2017 contest organized by the Fashion Society Shillong.
Surjela said the cost of T.1,24,747 crore will be borne by the Government of India including the delivery of goods to the commission fee of the ration sellers.
However, the staff of Khliehriat CHC could not confirm whether he was admitted to Ialong Civil Hospital.
In conclusion, Bah Rocky Marwein urged the people to learn how to elect their leaders, not to elect blindly but to be vigilant, because many of the people who want to They are like the leaders of the people, but they have the purpose of making money and this is what will lead to trouble.
We need to work together to build trust and understanding in order to move forward and that is the message that came out yesterday (at the opening ceremony of Karbi Hemtun),” Sangma said.
Speaking on the occasion, Habahun said that this constituency is the poorest constituency compared to other constituencies in the state.
Shillong: The State Government today set up three committees to take over the boundary demarcation work in Langpih, West Khasi Hills. I, Psiar, Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills District.
BJP National Council Member David Kharsati and Secretary General Wankitbok Pohshna were present to encourage and encourage the participants.
“When we use it we have a sense of community with it but when we use the word Bharat there can be a sense in which people feel that they are no longer in the same group," he said.
All children are also encouraged to bring drinking water with them.
The team won the trophy again after
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, National Vice President and Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has strongly criticized the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), Vincent H Pala. ) on his allegation that the Secretariat is a crematorium of mentuh.
He said the Government will look for ways and means to increase the salaries of Upper Primary teachers once it has received the recommendation of the State Education Commission appointed by the Government.
Speaking on the occasion, u Samla F Dkhar, said that as a group, we have a goal to serve the poor especially during this time of lockdown due to the fight against the disease. COVID-19 is very serious and has affected many families especially those who are poor.
“We Khasi living in these 18 villages do not demand anything against the Constitution of India but we request the Central Government, Assam Government and Meghalaya Government to resolve this issue through mutual understanding. and allow us to fall within the border of Meghalaya because our way of life and customs and traditions are Khasi,” said the Union in a petition to the Prime Minister.
“The government has said that ILP cannot be granted because Garo Hills no longer falls under the Repealing Act, but Mukul Sangma has not yet confirmed to seize copies of the documents. The Repealing Act is the answer to Bah Sadon.
He said that although Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit has spoken against the UDP and HSPDP, in the past years he is the same leader who praised that there is no more UDP and HSPDP. In 2019, the same leader will visit other political parties in the country.
The Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement (SACYM) celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities on November 3, 2015, at Savio Hall, Laitumkhrah.
Police said he was involved in the incident and was from Nongthliew village, East Khasi Hills.
The mother of Heprit, said that if there is an opportunity, she would like to send her son (Wallambok Rani) to school, because he is a clever and obedient child. support him in sending him to school, because we belong to a poor family.
Mayrald Born Syiem said that the party has decided to meet and send a letter to the DC on the grounds that the party wants the MRSSA to function fully in Ri Bhoi. and in other parts of the state, as it is until now, since the opening of the Facilitation Center (Entry Point) at Umling, but there are still some parts of the Act, which have not yet been implemented. working so far.
Nongpoh: The students of RIST-USTM have expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah and also to Kong D.Kharshiing, Extra Asst Commissioner, for their initiative to hold the The students of RIST-USTM, who have faced difficulties after the authorities of these universities, have decided to charge hostel fees even during this time of lockdown.
They thought that they were sick and called the doctor to visit them, who said that such a thing had never happened before.
The last tournament was held in 2019 where Shillong Lajong FC won the title.
According to the information from the Information Act, the department admitted that it was a mistake to write the names of the people who worked on the muster roll; but this does not seem plausible because the error is so frequent.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mynksan Unit on Saturday distributed dustbins to all the villages in Mynksan.
The HYC has suspected that the school has been operating for seven years, in name only, and demanded that the CBI should investigate why the school has only a name in Mawlai but nothing has been seen. What has she done in all these six years since she received recognition from the government?
MPCC President Vincent H Pala said, “This decision has been taken by the Disciplinary Action Committee of the AICC. to suspend them all for three years,” said Pala.
I'm a shisha I love the country, I love the Khasi-Khara people.
The winners will receive cash prizes of 2500/-, 1500/- and 1000/- along with a certificate and medal from the Athletic Federation of India.
U Bah Marcus Marten, strongly condemned the inability of the state government to maintain peace and order in the state and this incident has affected the peace and order of the people. The Police Department has shot dead Bah Cheristerfiled and this has angered the people of the state as a whole.
East Jaintia Hills won one silver medal.
In this ritual there are many rituals of consecration and consecration in the name of God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit and will be witnessed by the Pope in India, Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli, Archbishops, Bishops of North East India, Priests, religious groups and the people of God.
On this occasion, training was given in a technical session through presentations where the participants were given the opportunity to exchange views and discussions in more detail.
He said that India is the fourth country to reach the moon and this is greater when we understand the small beginnings of India's space activities.
He said the BJP has used Conrad K Sangma for the past five years and now that it does not need him anymore, it has broken the condition.
“The government buys rice at T.24 per kilo and wheat at T.34 per kilo and distributes it to the people at T.2 and T.3 per kilo and the government “It has spent T.1.75 lakh crore on subsidy on this and this is for the benefit of the farmers,” said the Minister of State for Consumer Affairs.
Nongpoh, July 07: U Dr C Lyngdoh, also known as Dr Bom, at a meeting held at Umsning, on Tuesday said that all the jobs at the District Level except in Ri-Bhoi should be available to the people of Bhoi. %, according to the Office Memorandum No. PR (AR) Part 3 dated 10/5/2022, Clause F which states that the jobs outside the District, 80% if there is no Garo who does not register It is for the youth who live in that district, which means that the jobs available in Ri-bhoi District should be filled by those who live in Ri-Bhoi.
Champagne Niangti 5.
When looking at the website, the colors of the flag and the shapes on the flag, it looks exactly like the flag of Pakistan, but there are those who say that the symbol of the celebration of Eid is Muslim believers.
The committee is headed by the Minister of Law and Justice.
He said as parties they have to consider the strength of the UDP's vote share which has been widespread in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
According to the order, the owners of these ponds, including private individuals and others, are required to register at the Office of the Executive Engineer (WR), Jowai.
The Supreme Court's decision comes after the Government of India, on 10th July 2015, through the Ministry of Mines, exempted Meghalaya from the Indian Coal Mining Act. .
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : Congress Leader Gaurav Gogoi on Tuesday said that if the Congress comes to power, Shillong MP Vincent Pala should become the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
However, it is a fact that IAS and IPS officers have a lot of power in the administration of the Khadar because they are the ones who implement and run the functions of the government – ​​from the smallest to the largest.
The selected children will also be the athletes who will prepare for the 2034 World Cup.
Now let us turn a little to the parts of Ri Khasi.
The ceremony was attended by Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya.
The money was stolen by Rajen.
The incident is very shocking because after receiving information about the collapse of the Dome and the damage is severe, I immediately phoned the engineers and officers of PWD (Building) who are in charge. to visit the building of the Assembly.
There should also be a 'Political Will' which means the decision of the Rangbah of the 60 elected MLAs. State laws do not take into account discussion options to begin with.
One of the most violent things that Syiem Tirot Singh did was to violate the will of many churches and even to attack women and children.
The State Government has worked hard in the past four years to raise the reputation of the State to the highest levels in the world through the presence of world-renowned sports venues.
This has also caused the traffic to stop among the people.
Regarding the Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi, Conrad said that the project to build the railway line has been suspended and therefore, the funds allocated for the railway lines in Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi have been suspended. Ri-Bhoi will be used for other railway projects in the state.
The soil is more dewmet and the climate is less humid than Sohra, it is very healthy and suitable for Europeans all year round.
In this regard, the state police department will lodge a complaint against the owners of the facebook pages Khasi Paka and Ka Sur U Paidbah.
The High Court has ordered the Indian government to supply 490 MT of oxygen to Delhi today without delay. the law of the court.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, has imposed Section 144 CrPC prohibiting the public from opening illegal Coke Plants while the demolition of illegal factories is underway.
Executive Engineer (T&C) M. Kalita said that as Alliance Air has not been able to fly to Lilabari and Tezpur, the NEC has signed a social agreement with M/s Seven. Sisters Airline to operate flights to areas where there are no flights to provide services in the North East of India with Umroi Airport, Shillong as the hub.
The expenditure of the Khadc is on the GAD Department where the salaries of the people of this department should be paid, the Legal Department, the Revenue Budget and Finance Department, the Forest Department, the Legislative Department and the Education Department. Civil Work and Development Department for Enforcement.
Including these two candidates, the BJP now has 47 candidates for the 2018 MLA elections, in addition to the 45 candidates announced on Thursday.
The union has sent back all these foreigners to Assam and at the same time warned all the owners of the houses who employ these foreigners that they should not continue to bring and lead these foreigners. employ foreigners in their areas if they do not have proper documents.
Shillong, June 6: The FKJGP, KSU and HNYF have signed a memorandum of understanding with the contractor Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency.
And when the sacrifice was made, they both went back to meet the two young men unharmed.
Expressing their concern over the situation, the two organizations said that they understand the problem due to the lack of water and the lack of rainfall since the past few months which has caused the The lack of electricity supply in the district and the state as a whole.
KS Suchiang President, S. Bamon General Secretary and others led the raid to Malidor and found dozens of Assamese who were illegally quarrying stone from the river. their cars.
The total number of beneficiaries has reached 21,49,027 in Meghalaya which has a population of 29 lakh according to the 2011 census.
“We will not end the protest but we will wait.
They seek profit, they seek their own interests, They sell you for a price;
However, due to the heavy rain, the target was 94 runs in 15 overs, which Ri Bhoi managed to score with three balls left.
Jowai: As part of the efforts to help others especially during the time of fear of spreading due to the fight against Corona Virus by curbing the village and staying at home without being able to go to work.
He added that in the meeting with the Joint Director of the department, the union has demanded that the foreigner should be dismissed immediately. The union has also informed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to take action against this illegal appointment, he added.
“For he shall not come, except there come a falling away first” 2 Thess 2:3
The Khasi have become skilled and clever in their work like the French and Dykhars because they have studied the same subjects as they have done.
He also received the Martand Singh Memorial Award 2021 of INTACH, a cash prize of T.1 lakh in the Handicraft Category from the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), New Delhi. .
The names and addresses of NBFCs registered with the RBI can be found at rbi.org.
“This is a violation of Rule 6(1) of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Rules 1951,” said the NPP in a statement. ri Lum Garo and will hold a protest on Tuesday in front of the GHADC office to protest against this action of the government.
Prakash Balu Gadade came fourth in 3:48.57 min and won the Rnong medal.
“The technology implemented by various government departments has caused a loss of revenue to the state,” he said while opening the 13th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Meghalaya Engineering Service. Association (MESA) on the theme, Technocrats-Drivers of Change held at U Soso Tham Auditorium on Saturday.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie said that they have decided to revive the Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum, which has worked hard in the past and will continue to work hard to prepare for the Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum. for the MDC elections to be held in
In the fourth match, Mulang Ialong beat Samaro 2-0 goals were scored by Skhemlingki Pale in the 42nd minute and Rima Pale in the 62nd minute.
Shillong: Five bills passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have been withdrawn by the state government due to the need to amend some parts.
He said that the Shillong Medical College is currently being relocated to Umsawli.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 166 new cases have been confirmed and 1868 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Lajong is an opportunity for him to start this new dream and goal.
The bus stop will accommodate about 200 buses and trucks.
He said the incident in Mukroh in which five precious lives were lost was due to the delay, “Not only of the present government but also of the previous government”.
Therefore, if the NE wants to be a strong political force in Delhi, we have to send a powerful group, a party from the region with about 15-16 MPs and there they will listen to you.
MDC Finelyness Bareh, former MLA Justine Dkhar and others will also be present.
Umphyrnai SC also played hard to score but unfortunately couldn't score.
The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (ETAWA) has decided to suspend the labor license of all foreign drivers on Monday. documents sufficient to earn.
In another development, the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has enforced Section 144 Cr PC, which prohibits the gathering of more than five persons in the same place, to carry weapons. carry petrol in bottles, jars and other vehicles and to walk up and down with these weapons.
He said that the work went smoothly until the IAS officer left to take over as Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District and came back to take over as Pynursla Civil Sub. -Division by Kong EL Warjri and those groups came out again to explain the stone transportation as it appears that this group is always happy to complain to all the new SDOs (Civil).
She said it is her duty as a government minister and as a leader to meet the people of the constituency and to attend any meeting without calling the security forces.
and what do we think of men? What are we supposed to do as civilians? What happens if we as the people are already weak? Or what happens if the frontline workers are weak? What will happen if the world leaders fail? In a word, we can say that these are the days of trouble, the time of struggle, the time of difficulty.
This year's tournament was attended by 1050 boys and girls from 37 schools.
Furthermore, reports were received from teachers that they have been called on duty for health programs such as census in relation to Rubella and Measles and others.
The treatment was also supported by the office of the District Medical Health Officer, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai through doctors, nurses and pharmacists as well as medicines provided by the department.
Shillong, July 14 : The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) has selected 31 Karate players from the state to represent the India Open International Karate Championship to be held in New Delhi.
Now the school has grown in terms of knowledge and attendance.
Therefore, we on behalf of the Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim would like to extend our special congratulations to the Branch Manager of HDFC Bank and all the employees of this bank.
He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; he that believeth not shall be damned.
Before the election of the leaders and members of HANM Pynurkba Unit, a short meeting was held conducted by HANM Chief Organizing Secretary Monkini Shylla in the presence of Mihsalan Thoo and others.
The Japanese delegation included First Secretary of the Japanese Embassy, ​​Watanabe and CEO of YATS Corporation, Y. Ito.
Lapang said that if there is no serious delay in these Bills, the government will accept them.
It is in view of this threat that the Prime Minister of India has launched a mission called the 'Swaach Bharat Mission'
The Special Judge (POCSO) Nongstoiñ on 18th July, 2023, on the basis of the evidence found in the investigation, has sentenced Sheldar Syiemlieh to imprisonment. up to 10 years and a fine of T.20,000 for his involvement in a rape under Section 6 of the POCSO Act.
The construction of new bill lights has started in several villages including Umsatai, Ladwahwapung, Pynurkba, Umlyngsha and Ladlakadong, according to information received by these organizations.
In Shillong, many constituencies have been decided by other ethnic groups.
House and land for sale in Mawkdok.
Shillong, Naitung 05 : The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday said that the Reservation Policy of the state needs to be reviewed. The problem can be resolved only if the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State is succeeded.
To have an SDO or Assistant Engineer to look after the Mawshynrut area so that the people can benefit from it. .
In West Garo Hills, 52 cases, in West Jaintia Hills 37 cases, including 4 Health Workers, 6 High Risk Contacts, 5 cases from Modop Cluster, 8 cases from Nartiang Pohshnong Cluster, 7 cases from Police and 4 cases from Screening Purpose.
HDR Lyngdoh, 66, is a former Minister of Home Affairs and is also the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Sohiong constituency.
Conrad's speech will be in vain if the Governor himself cannot understand that perhaps the Governor has not learned to read or write and speak English.
Bah Ardent said that the government's claim that the legalization of vacancy will bring many benefits will be wrong because in our Jaidbynriew we believe that vacancy is not only a problem. it is not a sin but also a sin.
War 5.
Memorial Higher Secondary School beat St. Xavier's Secondary School 4-0, Joel Gatphoh Memorial Secondary School beat Church of God 3-0, Christ Deciple's Girls Secondary School beat Church of God 3-0 They beat Lurmangkara Secondary School 1-0
At the time of writing, the traffic jam is still severe in Ummulong, Wahmynsoo and Puriang.
This decision was welcomed by the Seng Khasi Kmie, who before accepting the invitation of the Seinraij Jowai, went to the village council to apply. The commandment from God the Lord, because even in front of the crowd, all the churches will regard the Behdienkhlam dance as a dance, but behind the scenes, it is a ritual that goes hand in hand with the thanksgiving. you're from Blei.
He also informed that some have been allocated for the Education Department.
The decision to hold the meeting came after the groups or parties refused to take part in the meeting of the parties scheduled to be held in Shillong.
He said that the decision was taken to transport all the people who intend to attend the meeting regardless of whether they have or do not have a car fare but their goal is to transport the people to the meeting. this bag.
Spanish coast guards on Monday rescued 86 refugees from sub-Saharan Africa near Nanary Island.
The color of the soh is brown and blue when it is ripe.
The casual workers working in various departments of NEHU under the umbrella of the All North Eastern Hill University Workers' Union (ANWU) have staged an indefinite strike. They have been protesting in front of the Vice Chancellor's office for three months on the allegation that the management of the university has failed to take any decision on the demand to recognize them as full-time employees.
There are many reasons for the change of climate and seasons, but this time, the discussion is only on the harm caused by plastic which includes plastic bags, plastic bottles for drinking water or tea, plastic bags, foil bags, plastic plates, 10 or 20 tyngka water bottles, umsoh bottles and so on.
It is a blessing to our country because of the low labor cost to the United States and Europe.
He said that the decision to bring any land into the South East District, which will have its headquarters in Sohra, will be taken at the public meetings and with their consent.
These residents of Waidong said that the kwai is too expensive and if you buy it from the right one you get the bad one and if you buy the right one, it is too expensive. They ud ki nam and ki thnum and they don't have to divide as they used to divide because the buyers also turn away and don't come anymore and that will be a great loss to these sellers.
In Group B, Jowai Zone, Sein Pynbhalang will play against Youth Club Pdengkarong at 2:30 pm while in Group C, Mawkyrwat Zone, Mawten will play against Shillong Lajong FC. at 3 in the morning.
However, in the human mind, they are deceived by the gifts, gifts and expectations of individuals or groups who are waiting for them to benefit in return.
The General Secretary of the KSU Central Body, as the chief guest, said that as members of the KSU, they should be the youth to encourage the youth of the KSU to build the foundations to strengthen and stand against the KSU. The Government of India through UCIL has said that it will not be able to mine uranium from Domïasiat area.
Gao, who is the Arunachal East MP, said the area where Jaswant Singh used to guard when he was the Indian army chief is no longer with India.
Shillong: Police have rescued six girls from the brothel of Bernard N Marak, MDC and Vice President of West Garo Hills, Shillong, today said. The BJP is in Meghalaya.
Other stars of the country who will start their journey today (Tuesday) are PV Sindhu, HS Prannoy, HS Prannoy, Kidambi Srikanth and Lakshya Sen.
He said that the incident occurred when the driver of the truck was driving too fast and could not control the truck. .
Shillong: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has demanded the amendment of Sixth Scheduled Para 12A of the Constitution of India in a letter to Defense Minister Amit Shah.
“I have spoken to James Ban Basaiawmoit and Arbinus and they say there is nothing but I heard that there is. “The UDP MDCs have said they don't know, the HSPDP has said they don't know and the NPP has said they don't know, I don't know how many MDCs Pynshngain can gather,” said Shylla. .
Shillong, July 11 : The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, has called upon all political parties in the state to work together to find ways and means to alleviate the electricity shortage in the state. the state.
For those whose mother gave birth on the 29th of February, the bapli will receive a birthday party to celebrate the birthday only once every four years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Joint Action Committee of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has convened a press conference on the 8th of this month. Shillong Press Club to expose the illegal activities of the Vice Chancellor, Prof PS Shukla.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24 : Shillong North MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the people of Shillong North, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, have been able to bury their loved ones in the cemetery at Lawmali during the rainy season. The dewbilat road from the road to the cemeteries of various churches in the cemetery has been cleared.
If we the electorate are happy to receive the money distributed by the candidates during the elections and we elect them only because we have received the money, then we have no right to want the roads. good roads, just governance and visionary governance that measures not just five years but looks twenty or thirty years ahead.
Therefore, to reap the fruits of victory in the struggle, the most important thing is to work hard, have understanding and have cooperation in all fields, said Bah Pangniang.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also refused to accept that the people of Khasi Hills cannot accept the NPP, saying, “There are many reasons.
Rev. (Dr) John Roberts retired in 1897 before the great earthquake in Ri Khasi in the same year.
Due to this, many students are unable to pay the full fees and are unable to fill up the forms for taking their exams.
This cleansing of corrupt officials has stopped them from joining the BJP, while those who do not do so are punished by hundreds of laws and regulations.
At the same time, he expressed his pride that this year 2023 many schools have been able to take part in this Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletics Meet organized by the office of DSO Mawkyrwat unlike in other years. Hopefully this meeting with different schools from the district will be an opportunity for the students to showcase their talents. not only for themselves but for the school and the whole area.
Everyone along the road was filled with bitter bottles.
Do you hate such people?
Without forgetting the sons and daughters, the sons of the people like Woh Kiang Nangbah, Kiri Doloi, Tirot Sing Syiem, Phan Nonglait and others who lived and sacrificed their lives. for the sake of righteousness, customs and traditions, religion, land especially for the peace of the Hynniewtrep people.
GP Singh's action of not owning the Assam Police Department as his inheritance has severely affected the feelings of the officers and those working in the Police Department and his actions are not found. I have been able to accept it.
, NeDFi, NEHHDC, Silk Mark, ICCR and ICCI are also participating in the fashion show.
The Taliban entered from house to house and searched for policemen, soldiers and those with government ties and shot them without forgiveness.
“We are sorry because wherever we go, wherever we come, there is a reputation that the people of Moorap are murderers and as a village we are very sorry and we cannot accept such a person to be inside the village. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Waheh Shnong.
The new fare will be effective from May
Police have also received information that the LMG found in the pigsty was used by Sohan D Shira and said that Sohan had hidden a lot of ammunition belonging to the GNLA. to the people he trusted the most who were also his helpers.
of Surgical Oncology, Dr.Pallabika Mandal, Assistant Professor, Dept.
Is that still in accordance with the Commission's requirements for a free and fair poll?
The FD (Fixed Deposit) will be set aside for each child for their education,” said Mangesh Chivte, OSD to Chief Minister Eknath Shinde.
Kharkrang said this was done to relieve traffic jam especially during the school holidays.
We need a clear answer,” Sangma said in a statement.
We appeal to the public or the police to be vigilant and allow journalists to go about their business freely, according to a statement from MEPA President Bah RM Shabong.
Shillong, July 3: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has announced a protest by blocking offices in three blocks including Mawkyrwat, Ranikor and Mawsynram. It is located in East Khasi Hills District.
During the festival, there was a performance of traditional songs and beautiful songs performed by various groups, which showed the commitment of the Eri Organization for the preservation of culture and traditions. such as singing, dancing, musical instruments, costume performances and religious ceremonies.
Here we see now the wrath of nature against mankind.
He said a meeting to review the final draft of the policy will be held on 21st November.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that as a citizen of the country, his main objective is to contribute to the development of the country. that they may also have the opportunity to develop their talents, and to provide them with the opportunity to express their talents.
Most of those who have been injected are residents of the village under the government's assurance of their safety.
At present, the shooters from Meghalaya are fortunate to be able to practice shooting on Saturdays and Sundays during the hours of the day. The Assam Regimental Center (ARC), the shooters and the Shooting Association of Meghalaya hope that the state will create opportunities to provide sports grounds and especially to purchase more competition pistols and competition rifles. as part of the efforts to develop the talents of the state as a way to prepare the shooting team for the Meghalaya National Games
The outbreak of Covid 19 in this second phase has caused a huge loss of lives, especially in human lives, around the world as well as in India.
The Moosalyngkat Local Committee was formed in 1970 when the Moosalyngkat Local Committee was established.
Shillong, June 7 : The State Government has appointed James PK Sangma as the Chairman of the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (IDC).
Bah Nongbet started singing traditional songs at an early age.
He said that the religious leaders do not explain and understand to the people which political parties and which legislators should be elected.
Nongpoh, November 05: After many complaints from the residents, the village leaders regarding the proposal to relocate the Umsning C&RD Block and the BDO office from Umsning Lum Nongrim to Umpih Road, the leaders of HITO, Ri-Bhoi District have now decided to relocate the Umsning C&RD Block. They met with the BDO of Umsning C&RD Block Raja Brahma to seek clarification and accurate information on the proposal to relocate the office from the present location at Umsning, Lumnongrim.
“It is difficult for us to decide because we have to talk to the Executive Committee which has about 200 members,” she said.
In Nagaland, a total of 902 cases have been reported so far.
“I should have left home... I don't want that man to be my Panah.
Besides the existing Police Stations and Outposts, there have also been new Police Stations and Police Outposts set up near the border areas with Assam.
Director of Health Services (In the Division), Tura, Executive Engineer, Health Engineering Wing Shillong Bill Section and Directorate of Health Services (MI).
Real Madrid are reportedly ready to enter the transfer market for a new goalkeeper and this will depend on Courtois' absence.
Don't change your agenda from one place to another just to deceive yourself.
To look and be surprised BYNRIEW Noh, my fellow countrymen, lest you disappear completely in one day.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, said that although no complaint has been received yet, the meeting will discuss the ways and means to count the violations of the NGT curfew. in the district, although the police and magistrates are monitoring this.
Shillong, March 25: A shootout between SWAT personnel and GNLA members took place in the forest near Andamari village in Shillong on Tuesday morning at 7 pm. that place Chocolate.
Shillong, November 13: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee addressed the party workers at a meeting held at Soso Tham. Auditorium, Shillong has strongly criticized the state government for its inability to govern according to the wishes of the people and said that the pre-election promises of the NPP-BJP and MDA themselves cannot be fulfilled.
About 50 adhoc workers came to take part in this protest with letters to express their grievances and to be re-employed.
In one of the houses, Kong Margaret Rynshonka is still busy treating the silkworms in her house by feeding them castor leaves and covering them with a cloth to keep them warm.
The program was also held to educate the public on how to increase and reduce the number of children at the same time as the world's population has increased rapidly which has reached nearly 8 billion. They should understand clearly if they want their children to be safe and the country to develop.
The names of these apps will be announced soon.
There are 137 high risk cases and 87 low risk cases.
Questions from the MLAs especially those in the Opposition were brought to the Legislative Assembly on the third day of the session on Tuesday.
Shillong: The Sordars of Krang Pyllun have strongly condemned the appointment of Bah Lembarkut Step War as the President of the Union of Sordars.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, today lifted the curfew at the house of Shipra Paul in Rilbong, Shillong, from today.
The incident happened at 7 Mer Upper Shillong at 8:30 pm.
In another incident, a diesel truck No.MN05-2070 overturned at Riat Turiem before reaching Jowai from Shillong.
However, it is surprising that when the investigation from the Police Department reached the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma denied that there was anything wrong.
Through this little letter of mine, I humbly request and urge you all the candidates whether you win or lose please keep your promise for the sake of the country and the nation.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Baroda by nine wickets in the final match of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2023 T20 Tournament in Jaipur today.
The President of FKJGP-JHD Unit, Tuesday Lytep, said that the FKJGP-JHD Unit will follow up on other works under this scheme in this village as there is also a suspicion that there is misuse of funds. money especially in relation to the purchase of tar and other goods such as Mawria, Shyiap.
While distributing rice to the poor households of Jirang Block, the Jirang MLA also distributed sanitizer to the CHC Patharkhmah, along with a donation of T.20,0
Speaking to reporters in Chennai, Thennarasu said the state government has turned its attention to meet the needs in this regard.
Mairang, Nailar 29: The North East Zone Cultural Center (NEZCC) Dimapur, in collaboration with the Arts and Culture Department, Meghalaya, today held a A program of traditional songs and dances was held as part of the tribute to the freedom fighter, Tirot Sing Syiem, on the occasion of India's Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav. India celebrates its 75th anniversary of independence.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Gavin Miquel Mylliem, has urged the Meghalaya government to provide ambulances as the Sohra area has only one ambulance inside the CHC. Conrad K Sangma today said that the government will stop the use of Rapid Test Kits for testing for the corona virus.
Alberto Noguera, 33, played well for Mumbai City, who won the Indian Super League League Shield last season. (ISL) 2022-23.
This shows how they think about the people of this area,” said Khyriem.
The council has empowered and authorized him to act as the Acting Dolloi of Labang Nongphyllut Elaka until further notice.
He said that the phase-I has already been completed. According to the survey, there are 127 talented khiew makers, 104 from Larnai and 23 from Tyrshang. the khiew makers and their families to live together with the community, the rule of law and the economy.
Dkhar said the CBI should investigate because the people should know the truth about the allegations of involvement with the rebel group.
Kathmandu: At least 69 people have been killed in a strong earthquake in Nepal on Tuesday night.
“When the state has banned entry from one district to another, it is sad that the government has allowed those who came from the affected state to enter our state,” he said. In this regard, he suggested that the State Government should not rush to allow the entry of foreign vehicles (non-food vehicles) as it will put the people at risk.
He said that in fact they had tried to send them to the other side of the river by sending them from Shallang to Nongriangna and searched both sides of the river but they could not be found.
Shillong, November 19: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the MLA elections in the state will be held in more than 10 years and he hopes that the people will understand the BJP. On the mid-term MDC elections, Shibun said that the absence of BJP candidates in the last elections is not an obstacle to the party's path in 2018 in the state.
Without a train, how many, when will the train come? The mountains, the hills, the forests, the fields shall be destroyed.
The dorbar has lost its leaders, its words of hope to the people of the state.
When asked about the challenges faced by the Government in implementing such projects, the Minister said that there are many challenges, namely in terms of land, approval from the Forest Department and many others. others, which the government is trying to resolve.
“Why should the people of Garo Hills deny this opportunity to listen to the speech of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi?” he asked.
The Assam Rifles on Tuesday released 43 Myanmar soldiers who surrendered to Mizoram police after a clash between Myanmar troops. Army and CNA/CDF on the Myanmar border.
Hearing the PIL, the two-judge bench said that what is clear shows that the Government has taken steps to improve the condition of the jails.
Many women in parts of Assam have held a special worship for the virus, or 'Corona Maa'
Both the deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
For those of you who don't know what the Sangh Parivaar is, the Sangh Parivaar is a Hindu organization that includes the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Bajrang Dal, VHP youth wing, Bharatiya Kisan Sangh and even Shiv Sena.
He said the government's implementation to curb the mining and trade of coal came after a court challenge which issued different rules on the mining and trade of coal.
“It should be considered, it should be looked into again for the benefit of many churches and especially for the benefit of the students,” said the President of the KSU. to Bah Ardent and his team, to carry out this work so that the protest will not be confusing.
/ Proverbs 16:18.
He said the resolution for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​was passed in
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29: The District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri Bhoi District today distributed food items and health supplies under the Pradhan Minister TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan to 36 TB patients from Byrnihat area. Three factories namely Shyam Ferrous Century Pvt Ltd, Maithan Alloy Pvt Ltd, Pioneer Carbide Pvt Ltd and Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang have been involved in the treatment. The meeting was held at Byrnihat PHC. The District TB Officer, Ri-Bhoi, Dr.E.Kalwing, said: tells about the Government of India's initiatives on the Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan, a new scheme that provides food assistance to TB patients undergoing treatment through the support of individuals and various groups and as There are currently 447 TB cases in Ri-Bhoi and 174 have received assistance and the rest have not yet received assistance.
As Addl. Commissioner Taxes Meghalaya, the speakers on behalf of Hills Student said that they came to this conference to seek your blessings before building their own house in the Hills State.
FKJGP JH President Tuesday Lytep in a letter to the Chief Minister, Transport Minister, Chief Secretary and Deputy Commissioner, said that the government should conduct a thorough investigation to find out the food. The bridge, which includes officials of the Transport Department, DMR and employees of the weighbridge, was also destroyed.
The Mawlai Peoples Development Forum (MPDF) has congratulated the group on their success in this competition and to bring glory to the Jaidbynriew, Mawlai and the State as a whole.
There is no age limit for the disabled and widows, but only those who are eligible for the pension should be 58 years of age for women and 60 years of age for men. .
We cannot say that Bah Ernest has been able to stir up the political market in Meghalaya since he assumed office as President of the BJP. win the state.
Nongpoh: Police of Umsohlait Police Station, today arrested Linus Marngar, a man suspected of involvement in the burning of two houses in Jatah village, Jatah village. I don't know if it's true or not.
“When it comes to jobs that require skilled people for example, you need engineers to work on optical fiber or special cooks for the kind of food you want and if the villagers don't have the “We have allowed that for two years only 25% of the villagers will be employed but in these two years this number should increase to 50% anyway”.
The ECI said that the total seizure in the MLA elections-2018 in the state is only Rs 1.15 crore.
The newspaper said that they are still waiting for the approval of the Government of India on this after the report has been sent by the Assistant Drug Controller of the state.
The Indian Army said the buildings were located on the Line of Actual Control (LIC) border in Shi-Yomi district of Arunachal Pradesh. Pradesh, where there are houses and Chinese flags are flying.
Christians in Assam make up only 3.74 percent of the population of Assam which is 31 million.
Budmi-Ha-oo Mukhim scored two goals for HK Singh in the 3rd and 60th minutes and Kynsai-Imanmi War scored the other in the 20th minute.
Jowai, Nailar 23: The deterioration of the Jowai Bye Pass (Riatmoolaiñ) road from Lad Nartiang to Myntdu Bridge has affected the traffic of people especially trucks. The road is like a balong now in many places there is no color left.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government has decided to reopen all places of worship from 1st March 2020 and the Standard Operation Procedure (SOP) and other rules have been finalised. The Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF) has agreed to hold talks with the Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF).
Shillong, Iaiong 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in the last dorbar, said that there are 16 factories, which have not properly maintained their waste disposal sites, but which are still allowing and they shall work unto this day.
In his letter to I Timothy 4:16 “Take heed to yourselves.
The Additional Chief Secretary, Dr Shakil P Ahammed, urged the youth to have the spirit of protecting the environment and the waters.
He said that India has become the fastest growing country in terms of income because of the policies introduced by Modi unlike other neighboring countries which have introduced policies that have completely improved the economy. He gave the example of Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
Police have taken possession of the body and completed the investigation into the incident.
On receiving the incident, the Khanapara Police Station rushed to the scene to prevent any riots.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 17: The National Testing Agency (NTA) will conduct the Common University Entrance Test (CUET(UG) – 2024 in 13 languages ​​across India to assist the young people to enter the Under Graduate Programme.
She said her daughter had gone to work in Delhi in July and was staying with a relative.
Shillong, Lber 03 : The State Government has decided to treat about 1,50,000 tonnes of waste from the Marten landfill through bio-mining and value recovery.
No.1, 2, 1958), which says: What else in the world is greater than beauty? What else can fill the soul except beauty? How beautiful it is to look at the earth in the early morning, to see the beauty of nature adorned by the rays of the sun. .
The candidates or their leaders, when they give money, say 'please remember to vote for us on the day of voting', and we bow our heads just to get the money but the tail is not, hato Isn't this a lie and a sin? The love of money is the root of all evil.
They showed that God is righteous and has authority over all.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jaganmohan Reddy has a wealth of Rs 510 crore followed by Pema Khandu of Arunachal Pradesh with Rs 163 crore. .
Congress President Rahul Gandhi today visited Congress leader DD Lapang in New Delhi to discuss his health.
He also said that this social approval is still in force.
A case has been registered against him under Section 5(1)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act.
I don't know why Mla Mawhati wants to be like George.
From the north it is surrounded by the Garo who speak the Tibeto-Burman language like other ethnic groups of the North East; to the east of Kamrup, Assam was inhabited by the Sanskrit-speaking people of Indo-Aryan; to the east, Karbi Anglong, Assam is surrounded by Tibeto-Burman speakers; from the east of Cachar, Assam was surrounded by those who spoke the Sanskrit languages ​​of Indo-Aryan and Tibeto-Burman; to the east it is bordered by Bangladesh, which uses the Indo-Aryan Sanskrit dialect.
Rupang reporter arrived at the scene early in the morning and entered the crematorium without being allowed to enter the crematorium, but later, other journalists were arrested by the police. of the DC, but later they were released, but only to ring or shondur without being able to talk to anyone and this has shocked the journalists who came from all over the state.
The HYC Sengkmie said that the HYC is ready to cooperate with any party when there are any protests for the cause of the people.
The house of Kong Sikna Marngar from Nongdiwah West Khasi Hills is one of the families who have faced the problem due to the spread of the disease. just lay under the bed unable to get up.
Nongpoh: A group of Monu M Arengh, father of a child who was kidnapped and killed by robbers in Nagrabil, Ri Bhoi District, together with his family members and members of the MPSO, today went to protest. to Pillingkata Police Outpost, to lodge a complaint at the police station, demanding that the police should investigate thoroughly and arrest all those involved in the kidnapping and murder of a 15-year-old boy. in the city of Nagrabil, which happened in November
“The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday directed the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police not to listen to the orders from the government authorities in the implementation of the The order to arrest illegal coal mining in the state.
Regarding this raid, the two organizations have burnt down the items seized today to protect the public.
Rgh Skor Jala, Chairman of the Committee of the Tymmen U San, Seng Khasi Kmie, gave the thanksgiving service.
And his power, as we know, is more hostile to those over the age of 60 years.
“Although there is a delay in the power line, the government wants the service delivery to the people not to be interrupted and if the EMRI cannot control it, the government cannot do anything but abolish the social contract," the minister added.
Along with the improvement of the registration of Internet Websites, the CBC will now be able to send information through Mobile Applications.
They don't do what the Government of Meghalaya sends, they don't do what the Government of India sends.
It is said that this year's festival is auspicious and that there will be peace and harmony in the kingdom.
Nangkiew Irat opened the scoring in the 7th minute through Felix Lalruatsanga.
It is also a fact that all the religions in the world are man-made religions from the Protestants to the Hindu, Muslim, Buddhist and so on.
Speaking on the occasion, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh said that the government is considering whether the salary increase will be 18,000 rupees as they have demanded. and what they asked for.
It is not known whether the MDC will answer or think anything after the deadline.
Laitlyngkot is the stronghold of Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliem.
They broke the body parts like the bride and groom and left for Assam,” said Barah.
Speaking to media, Sangma said that after receiving information that the bus coming from Tura to Shillong, most of the passengers were students who were still playing chess. in their lives, but a tragedy happened today.
In the second half, Real Kashmir took the lead through Gnohere Krizo in the 55th minute.
The action of the police has prompted strong criticism from the opposition in the state.
“In the past two months, Kong Ampareen has visited the PHC in Nongkrem, you (Ardent) said there is no one like Kong Ampareen, but during the elections. , you and your supporters have criticized it by also issuing words calling against it.
“On receipt of information, the state government has allowed wine stores to reopen as usual from 10th June in Ri Bhoi, from 9 am to 6 pm. In the evening, the union is very sorry, because the shops selling food items have been restricted and cannot open freely,” said Bah Pateng Marsing.
HNYF President Bah Sadon Blah said, “We are against the UCC but we want to see that the District Council will not meet only three but all 10 Councils in the North East. the country to stand against.
According to the announcement of the State Government on the 29th, Prestone Tynsong will hold the Housing, Parliamentary Affairs, Roads, Food Civil Supplies and Cooperation Departments.
It has thought carefully to apply one principle that, to defeat or defeat the thieves, it must be used by the thieves. To defeat or destroy the alcoholic beverages, it must be used by the drunkards. .
When inquired by the SP of West Khasi Hills, the reason for the release of the woman on bail shortly after the police arrested her for her involvement, she said. The SP said that the bail was released by the court and not by the police, and the bail was granted early by the woman due to her physical illness. she also set rules for the woman.
Shillong: U Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today said that the farmers in the market have been cut kilos by the Mahajons who buy their produce. he went down to the market to inspect for himself and to meet the leaders.
The total assets of Bah Sanbor amount to T.1,85,0000.00, while the assets of his wife amount to T.85,00,0
This is also the first time in the history of the Durand Cup that 24 teams have been accepted and these teams have been divided into 6 groups of 4 teams per group. The top six teams will qualify for the knockout stage.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, he said, “We take responsibility for the IED blast in the metor area on the night of 9th October. .
Shillong: Ajay Khuswaha, along with Kitabuddin and Akesh Singh Ali, have lodged a complaint that on 15th June, at 12 noon, Baiaineh Bareh along with three others, broke into their house. and they laid their hands on these three men.
Heptulla said this while talking to NPP leaders James Sangma, Conrad Sangma and Manirul Islam Sarkar on Tuesday to discuss the issue of giving special attention to the people. this area.
He said the party leaders from Meghalaya led by Mawrie will meet the Chief Minister of Assam regarding the shooting incident in Mukroh.
“It was brought to the Holy Eucharist in which we do not just remember but fulfill again and again that Christ lived, suffered, died and rose again, giving Himself to save us all”. he added.
Babasaheb believed that social reform was more important than political reform.
Nongstoiñ, March 27: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has released the list of voters who have reached the age of 18 years until 1st July 2022 for the three constituencies of 32 Nongstoin, 33 Rambrai Constituency.
“Anyone who slaughters meat after 30 days from that date will be punished according to the Meghalaya Municipal Act 1973 and other rules and regulations,” said the CEO. and butchers to ensure that meat sold is safe for the consuming public.
Lambor Malngiang said the State Planning Board will also recommend to the government to build roads where vehicles can avoid entering the city to avoid traffic jam.
On the other hand, these bus drivers have requested the authorities to release them immediately to earn money because these bus drivers have put these buses to benefit from the fare. The income should not be like this to lose the income of the income on the fuel bill is also cheap, the car parts are cheap, you have to pay the car license fee.
“This year 2022, Behdeiñkhlam was held as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State and the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence or Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav”.
However, if this issue is not resolved, it may cause the MLAs in the Opposition to turn around and criticize in various ways.
On 21.06.2020 I wrote an article entitled, “Where will the Hima go that fights markynti?” The reason I wrote that article is because the residents of this area do not agree with each other. and they shall live from time to time.
Therefore, in order to avoid that, I suggest the entire state from the rural to the urban areas to revive and strengthen agriculture.
It is to be recalled that recently the ASHA workers have threatened to stop working temporarily due to the lack of salary.
He invited everyone to watch these films and give their support to them and the actors so that they can stand firm in the film industry.
At the launch of the chip, Kathiria said that the chip is made of cow's milk and is radiation-reducing and has been confirmed to work properly. , in which it will reduce the radiation in mobile phones and also to prevent diseases, which can be caused by touching mobile phones.
At least 425 Palestinians have been killed and 2,700 wounded since the beginning of the two-week fighting, according to a statement from Gaza's health ministry.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that the tender for the Shillong-Dawki Road Project has gone smoothly for the Package I which will cover the road from Umshyrpi to Banishment.
While he was fleeing on the road, he was shot by the police with the ball and the weapon hit his tuk-thuk.
The Headmaster of Juriawthei Presbyterian Lower Primary School, Steplanglur, Rockefeller Nongsiej, said that the bomb blast by the company was so severe that the school building was damaged and the footpaths were lost. Now.
They scored 81 runs for the fourth wicket.
Furthermore, it was reported that there was a 2
The injured and missing residents were in Chungthang in Mangan district, Dikchu and Singtam in Gangtok district and Rangpo in Pakyong district.
If you see your MLAs on the streets, shondur and give them flowers and remind them that they should have talked about this Reservation Policy and if they don't talk when they will talk”.
Speaking at a meeting held at the Main Secretariat on Saturday, Kong Lyngdoh said that there is a need for change and this is change. the soul of the parents of the household.
Shillong, July 28: The Meghalaya State Government on Tuesday appointed Meena Kharkongor as the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR).
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of Rs 7 lakh each, and the runners up will receive a cash prize of Rs. money worth up to 3 lakh tyngka.
“This is a day when the entire nation will remember the violence of the Government troops and those who have killed people without counting the lives of people,” he said. as a nation, “we must unite, otherwise we will lose our lives from time to time, one after another.
“You see a lot of criticism even from the parties in the government, we as the NPP which leads the government want to do the best and keep the record from generation to generation even if we stay alone we don't said Mr. Prestone.
"We have decided to call a night curfew to protest against the government for delaying the release of the report," they said in a statement on Friday.
Naik said 40 police personnel will be deployed to patrol the MP elections in the state.
“The Nartiang Police and the Waheh Chnong Lapangap have explained to the Border Magistrate of West Karbi Anglong that there is no construction of the road, but only the maintenance of the road before the start of the rainy season. tree publicly every year.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education today informed that after a meeting between the Chief Minister and Central Government officials to seek clarification on CUET. He said that the officers have said that the Ministry of Education of the Central Government has informed that students who wish to study in affiliated colleges and universities of the Central Government cannot. “It is not necessary to pass the CUET, but only for those who intend to study in higher education,” said Ma Lahkmen Rymbui.
Philosophy : means science and philosophy is the telling of stories with a profound message which are an example and lesson to the human beings of society throughout the ages; saiñ is not a phrase; nia is a word of peace and meaning; thinking is the mind of the intelligent person.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today launched a 'Clean and Responsible Politics Campaign' through the 'Clean and Responsible Politics Campaign' 'Rai Eh Daw Campaign' in Patharkhmah to explain to the people about the election of leaders by thinking carefully and not to elect blindly anyone who will affect the people if they don't get the truth. those leaders who have authority as those leaders of the people.
““We are pleased that you have this vision and goal to become the first Aggregator in Meghalaya.
The girl is studying in the 4th semester of B.Ed at USTM. At the time of writing, the body of the girl has not been found.
Friends, know that the government cannot protect us if we the people do not understand and cooperate.
In 2018, the house collapsed and they were left homeless.
She said her request is different from the case in the Supreme Court because she wants those involved in the case to be prosecuted and handed over to the CBI for investigation while the case is pending. The Supreme Court has not appealed against the civil case.
The Working President of the KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the cause of the environmental damage in Jaintia Hills is the presence of these cement factories. increase the work to earn a living.
In this new curriculum, books will be conducted for children aged 3-8 years, 8-11 years, 11-14 years and 14-18 years. you can read 5+3+3+4 design.
The decision of the KHADC to oppose the proposal to implement the CrPC and CPC in the tribal areas will affect the District Council and other courts within the District Council. District Council.
"The goal is to join hands in scoring goals and I can't wait to get started so that I can contribute to this new club," said Messi.
At that time the moon in the sky was shining brightly in the dark night.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The NPP candidate Sniawbhalang Dhar today held a meeting in the 1-Nartiang Constituency at Khanduli Village Square. Thousands of NPP supporters from different villages including those from the border attended the rally.
"The winners include Airikmenlang Shabong in the 50kg Youth category, Senebi Syngkli in the 55kg Senior category and Wandalin Syiemiong in the 55kg Senior category. 60kg Senior category.
“We cannot come back twice on this earth.
Although he has not received any news of the condition of his brothers at the hospital in Guwahati, Ahmed said that his father has tried to seek assistance from the government authorities. Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has tried to help them.
Medal Championships: 2001 Second 48 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships United States Scranton, Pennsylvania, USA2002 First 45 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships Turkey Antalya, Turkey2002 First 45 Witch0 Champion India P203 Hungary Calculation, India2004 First 46 Women's World Cup Norway Tønsberg, Norway2005 First 46 Asian Women's Championships, Taiwan Kaohsiung, Taiwan2005 First 46 Women's World Amateur Boxing C'ships, Russia Podolsk, Russia2006, India20 First India C'00 First World Amateur Bomen's 46 Venus Women's Box Cup Denmark Vejle, Denmark2008 First, 46Women's World Amateur Boxing C'ships, China Ningbo, China2008 Second 46 Asian Women's' Championships,India Guwahati, India2009 First 46 Asian Hano's Bomen10 First World Vietnam Games, Vietnam ships, Barbados Bridgetown, Barbados2010 First 46 Asian Women's Championships Kazakhstan Astana, Kazakhstan2010 Third 51 Asian Games China Guangzhou, China2011 First 48 Asian Women's Cup China Haikou, China2012 Ulan Ship Firstmen 's2 Asian 50 51 Summer Olympics,United Kingdom London , United Kingdom2014 First 51 Asian Games Incheon, South Korea2018 1st place, gold medalist(s) 45–48 Commonwealth Games Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia2018 1st place, gold medalist(s) 45–48 AIBA Women's World Delhi,IndiasNew Championships : Padma Vibhushan (Sports), 2020, Padma Bhushan (Sports), 2013, Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award, 2009, Padma Shri (Sports), 2006, Arjuna Award (Boxing), 2003Kixiing As ki Boxing International (AIBA) has awarded Mary Kom with the AIBA Legends Awards for the first time.
After a long discussion, the Congress party has also decided to support what the Nongstoiñ MLA has said regarding the Reservation Policy.
In fact, Hindus are the most numerous ethnic groups in terms of religion, followed by Muslims, Christians and many other ethnic groups. people.
The Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Jowai Central Division, Jowai on Saturday conducted a maintenance drive on the PMGSY road from Mukhla Shohshrieh, Myrjai to Mupliang.
Shillong: Police have not yet arrested anyone involved in the stabbing of Bah Kynpham N Syiem, brother of Bah PN Syiem, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council.
If that had happened, Queen Esther would have been killed too.
Speaking at a rally held at Mendipathar, North Garo Hills today, Conrad said that in the past five years, the people have seen many changes and development.
Shillong received 167.6 mm of rainfall today, 43.0mm today, Umiam 68.4mm today and 30.8mm today.
The KSU leader said that the KSU has received a complaint from the people regarding the illegal collection of taxes at the gate. The action of the gate has caused a lot of trouble to the farmers who used to export their produce to other places.
Mynsngat MDC Khanduli Dawan Lyngdoh has changed uniform and returned to the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Sumer MDC Krison Langstang, who joined the BJP after defecting from the UDP, has been elected. Thombor Shiwat was appointed as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC).
Prestone also announced the development works including the PMGSY roads which will be allocated soon in the Rambrai Constituency.
On this occasion, he announced a donation of T.25 lakh to the college for the construction of a Convention Hall worth Rs 2 crore and a donation of T.25 lakh from the CMDSF. “It's the most important thing in human life,” said Conrad.
Nassar Marwein Chairman of the JAC, said that the march will start from Nonghyllam at 10.00 pm and end at Nongjri village on the second day of the market.
“We have also directed the three ADCs to send their comments and the KHADC and JHADC have already sent their written comments while the GHADC has sent their comments orally. ," said Sangma.
This is the resurrection to glory, says Daniel 12:2
Balwant Soni is alleged to be the kingpin of the coal mafia in Meghalaya and to market the coal from the state through the Gasuapara Land Custom Station.
“The Tourism Department will start taking steps to prepare for the construction of this guest house in Khanapara,” he said.
It may be recalled that in November, 2023, the party had already met with the Dy.CM, Bah Sniaw Bhalang Dhar to demand the construction of the Mini Secretariat.
Well there is nothing new under the sun.
Even in these three days, MeECL has not provided electricity to all the villages of the 9 villages.
The Meghalaya government has already appointed Regional Committees to prepare for the second phase of the border talks.
Manchester City drew 2-2 with Lyon 2-2 in the Champions League on Saturday.
Politics and religion, although they cannot fight, cannot avoid each other.
Terribly terrible.
“The government of Mukul Sangma has created the MRSSA, when the government of Conrad Sangma came, they could not implement it, this is a failure and at the same time the political parties and governments have also failed. to introduce the ILP and implement the MRSSA,” he said.
The JAC comprising of RBYDSO, Rangbah Shnong, HYC and Umden Area Local Taxi Owners Association has also taken this step to inspect the road. They also expressed their deep concern over the deterioration and deterioration of this public road.
According to sources, many of the injured were tied with sticks and other weapons.
The residents of the village have tortured two women suspected of possessing evil spirits along with a man suspected of being a sacrificer by walking on their feet and throwing tin as a sign to stop the evil intention of the villagers. have.
After months of waiting, the voters of Sohiong constituency will elect their legislator and member of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, 10th June,
Man City have 91 points from 38 games, winning 28, drawing 7 and losing 3, while Arsenal have 89 points and won 28 from 38 games. lost 5 times and lost 5 times.
New Delhi: Union Minister Anurag Thakur today announced that film star Waheeda Rehman will be awarded the Dadasaheb Phalke Lifetime Achievement Award for
Recalling the union's journey from time to time to talk to the government which has already taken the census of the coal mined, Stodar said, “Other groups have gone to demand “They demand money from the government to increase salaries but we demand that we give money to the government but it doesn't work.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bamon, who is the Chairman of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) in the government, said that at present, he is still an independent MLA without any party. .
In a statement, ACHIK Vice President Greneth M Sangma said the VPP should also support the demand for the Additional Secretariat and Head Offices of the department. The state government has worked to bring Tura to Garo Hills and to make Tura the capital of the state.
Many of these drivers have been cooking their own food at the parking lots of these companies, but it has caused them problems when it rains, said the drivers' union.
Regarding the second package, the report submitted by the government states that there are two land owners who have decided not to give land for the construction of the road. There is another land owner who has not yet received the compensation from the government and the Court has said that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills will confirm that this land owner will receive the compensation. The fee so that it will not be a stumbling block in the construction of this road.
Seven soldiers of the 18 Punjab Regiment (Dhola camp) have been tried and sentenced to life imprisonment for the killing of these five youths. the reason for their involvement in the crime.
They also thanked the Mairang Police Station for taking the initiative to investigate the slaughter of fish in the pond.
Therefore, let you children of the Khasi country not follow the bloodshed of others but be wise and such wise thinkers so that others will not be able to influence us.
Along with them, a child under the age of 18 was arrested.
HYC Leader Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that the protesters came to the gate of the House with pla cards to demand that the government should reopen the Mawlai Block.
The MLA said that the disease is not only in Mawsynram constituency but has spread all over the country in Garo Hills and parts of Khasi-Jaintia.
"Furthermore, the word Suk is used in relation to individuals or as a group, it is also used in relation to countries, Raijs, Himas, Elaka, Villages and households. shed.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : Khliehmawlieh Youth Club started the season with a 7-1 win in the Meghalaya State League against Atong Matgrik FC in Group D on Saturday. Moonlight, Tura.
JHTOA President Nidamon Chullet invited all truck owners to attend the meeting to discuss many of the issues of truck owners.
The incident happened on the 16th at their residence in Iooksi village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The funeral service will be held on 30.08.2021 at 1:30 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai. The death toll has risen to 1306 in the state on Tuesday.
Mawreng SC beat Nangkiew Irat SC by 4 goals while Umphyrnai SC beat Umphyrnai SC by 8 goals to continue their journey to the semi final. you are United.
“In this book, it is mentioned about the crash of a plane in our village, which still has signs, and also about the food from the village, wild fish, fruits and vegetables. “The jhur ki jhep and these kinds of games are no longer available,” she said.
Prem Singh Bhangu, President of the All India Kisan Federation, said that the governments that have come to power in the central and state governments have created problems for the people of Punjab in terms of and the enforcement of unconstitutional laws regarding water resources.
"The NH-6 falls under the jurisdiction of NHAI. At the same time, he said that the KSU on the 8th of July last year held a protest according to the rules of public administration to protest against this. Biswajit Jyoti Lahkar, Technical Manager of NHAI, confirmed that the authorities will repair the entire length of the road. NH-6 within six months since the protest was held inside the toll gate in Lumshnong.
“This biased approach of the government in implementing the project is a matter of serious question to the government,” said SK Sunn.
At the same time, they said that in these days since some of the staff at the hospital have been infected with Covid 19, many people do not want to go for treatment because they are afraid.
Police said Ajit was abducted while he was returning home after closing his shop yesterday.
They also pointed out the loss of forests in this method of mining, because before mining thliew khnai, all the trees and shrubs on the coal hill have to be cut down.
Mr. Edystone praised SURE for organizing this program and urged the youth to become responsible people for the community and the country as a whole.
For example, if 26 villages in Shillong are closed down, there are still dozens of villages in Shillong, which are still allowed to walk, stand, come and go and so on. To work in the fields, to go on necessary trips and also to Mawngap, only one village in Kreit and other neighboring villages have been closed to enter and leave.
Online bookings for five-star hotel rooms have risen to T.2 lakh per night.
Nongpoh, March 14: The meeting of the people of Bhoi Sepngi held today at Patharkhmah, has decided to support the demand of the CSWO under the leadership of Kong Agnes Kharshiing to hand over the investigation into the incident. CBI investigation into the death of PJ Marbaniang.
In the franchise itself, the foreigners have more rights and privileges, which often put the Government in trouble and often the Government authorities themselves, because of the rules of procedure. Governments change from time to time according to the circumstances, new ways of thinking that emerge through the changes of time and so on.
Rongsaw is your courage.
Referring to the Super Division match between Mawkawah SC and Mawliehbah SC, although they ended in a 1-1 draw, the match was played at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng. it was very beautiful.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has protested against the protest by the MePDCL employees of Syndai, a village about 20 km from Amlarem. MePDCL Amlarem Sub Division has met and lodged a complaint with the Assistant Executive Engineer, MePDCL Amlarem Sub Division on Thursday.
Kong Kharpuri and other management of the school have applied for support from government offices but no assistance has been received.
“The hand grenade blast in front of his house is part of warning him and other paradoh parasnam not to become supporters to fight against the HNLC, otherwise we will not even be able to fight against the HNLC. “It's a good idea to take over the HNLC after 5 months or 5 years,” said the statement.
“We will continue to monitor the issues that the party will work for the Council.
“There has also been a shortage of payment to women who have given birth under the Janani Suraksha Yojana scheme, where women are not aware of this because there is no public explanation,” said the CAG. However, the State Health Mission headed by the Prime Minister is only a name without anything while the State Health Society headed by the Chief Secretary is only a name.
Shillong, July 27: Meghalaya on Friday celebrated its 74th Republic Day with the Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
China claims that Arunachal Pradesh is the eastern part of Tibet, while India has denied China's claim.
Shillong, Lber 10: BSF troops from CI(ops), Phulbari, West Garo Hills District, in collaboration with the State Police, conducted a raid in the area of ​​Rabhagre village, PS-Tikirikila, West Garo District. Hills (Meghalaya), the raid was carried out after receiving a tip that some GNLA members were walking up and down near Rabhagre Father Mission School (near Salbari), on 9th October.
The Congress party, which has six MDCs in the KHADC, has not responded to the KHADC's inquiry into the corruption case. Shillong, November 29: On the night of the 24th at 9:30 pm, the OC of KHADC said that it cannot be clean because the investigators are also paid or salaried by the KHADC. Ranikor Police Station has sent two of its employees in a government vehicle to deliver food items to the police at Gomaghat Check Post (SWKH).
Caritas India, the CBCI branch, has done its utmost to respond to this incident from the beginning through relief measures, while supporting the Relief Camps in collaboration with the Catholic Relief Services. (CRS) and the Diocesan Social Services Society (DSSS), Social Service Wing of the Archdiocese of Imphal.
This method of farming is now called Aquaponics.
Of this amount, the Congress received T.86.66 crore, while the highest amount of T.61.94 crore was received by other political parties.
Then, the search was in vain because no witnesses were found.
According to Bah Dkhar, on 27th November, 2019, T.50 lakh was seized.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources (MoEA) has warned against the use of idols during the Durga Puja celebrations. do not use materials that can pollute the environment in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down to avoid polluting the waters.
Bhubhaneshwar, March 14: Heavy rainfall has been expected in Odusha, the area hit by Cyclone Phailin shisha. There has been a flood of water today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Continuous rainfall on Thursday postponed the match between Meghalaya and Mizoram in the Cooch Behar Trophy, one of the youth tournaments. 19 years old, who was ready to play at the MCA Ground, Polo, today but had to be cancelled.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Assistant General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Bah Edward Thangkhiew on Saturday sent his resignation letter to the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HNYF) Bah Sadon Blah. for personal reasons absolutely unavoidable.
The BJP has started to persecute Christians across the states of India but the most prominent incident in Manipur in the past few months is still continuing in Manipur. .
So far, 15 MLAs have resigned to join other parties.
Participating countries sent 37 delegates, but India and China sent many delegates.
The driver and the seized clothes were handed over to the Custom office at Bholaganj for further investigation.
In this interview with the students, Derek shared his experiences and showed the importance of experiencing failure in order to understand the value of victory.
On the 10th of June, the foreigner under the leadership of some unknown persons lodged a complaint against the MPUF alleging that the group had demanded T.1,0 20,000 and all this is not true, said Bah Laloo.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: The semi final of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 organized by West Jaintia District Sports The WJDSA held a meeting today at the Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
Jowai, Naitung 29: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 Cr PC to protect as much as possible the environment and living things. There are 100,000 people living in the whole District.
But his father answered and said unto him, Thou seest my bread for ever.
The parking arrangements for vehicles coming for the Bishop's Mass are as follows:.
Mawkyrwat, March 23: St. Savier's College, Umoid, South West Khasi Hills District today celebrated the Mother's Day with great pomp. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of Water Affairs, Meghalaya and MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest.
She also warned that if there are still cases of involvement of health workers, the necessary action will be taken according to the law.
For those who claim to be intelligent, why only their own field needs to be cleaned; Are the village roads, village roads, streets and streams not your paths or do you live only in the four corners of your house without breathing the same air and hiding in the same house? sky book? You're bieit you're a city.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Avelyne Francisca Khriam, who has entered the 2nd position in the Top-10 of the HSSLC-Arts, said that the recruitment is no longer an issue but which has been a concern since time immemorial.
Earlier, the government had charged 4 per cent tax on goods.
First, how many times a day do we read God's Word? We can still remember exactly because in my own experience, I read the Bible only when I had to read at the beginning or when I had to give a talk, and for no reason I never read the Bible at all.
So far, 4,643 people have been confirmed with the disease and 401 have recovered from treatment. Most of the cases have been in Maharashtra.
He said that in the full report sent to the Government of India, they have told about the land owners, the supporters and opponents and the meetings held on the Star Cement project.
Genaro Garcia Luna, 54, a former Mexican security minister, has been found guilty of extorting millions of dollars from one of Mexico's most powerful criminal gangs. Mexico is known as the Sinaloa Drug Cartel.
He said that in his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he would consider and hold a meeting to discuss with the Finance Department in this regard.
The starting match tomorrow will be between the Old Star Football Team and the 12-Dolloi Football Team at 11.00 pm.
However, when the votes were counted, the NPP candidate received only 7,000 votes and he, as a Congress candidate who does not hold public meetings, received 13,000 votes.
He reminded that this is the second time that TULBA has done such good deeds for the needy because in the past two years there has been a lockdown due to the Corona Virus. The group has been able to provide food and beverages to some families who are in dire need, but now they have done another good deed by building a house. Jantina Sohlang and her three children will be able to live there.
Meanwhile, Joint Secretary Rural Development R Sadhanandan said the Indira Awaas Yojana scheme aims to build houses for the poor villagers.
There is a strong demand for weapons among these groups, Dambo told police.
Noting that this incident is unacceptable, the union said that it is very sad after this terrible incident and strongly condemns it because it shows a lack of respect for the right to life. as mentioned in the Constitution.
Most of the time, if you eat a wild tit, many people get sick and die even if those who eat it know what kind of tit it is.
The party has set a target of nominating more than 40 candidates.
The biggest change has begun in recent years when many schools do not allow students to buy textbooks, copies, school bags and even school uniforms from abroad.
Dr.D.Rymbai explained about the adolescence age group which should still be in education and at this time many children have started to grow into adolescence from the beginning. mindfulness and friendship.
"Twinkle Khanna's article is relevant because the government has passed a new rule that women must get the consent of their husbands if they want to change their minds. to their old tribe or the tribe of their father, as they used to do, before they married.
There will also be thunderstorms and lightning in parts of the state.
The scheme was also launched by Narendra Modi on 29th June, 2021 which is a special scheme for those children who have lost their parents and caregivers during the pandemic. Covid-19 from 11th October 2020 to 28th June
Through this programme, the KSU urges the people from all over the country to be vigilant and think carefully when they come to use this river. They should be clean by not allowing a selfish spirit to be in them but when they do anything they should think carefully because a selfish spirit is wrong.
Preparations for the service were complete but on the night of the 28th there was heavy rain in Mawsynram and in this incident the storm destroyed the Pandal which was prepared for the service. until you have broken your heart.
In the meeting with the doctors of Nartiang PHC, the Seng said that it is time to upgrade the Nartiang PHC because the Seng has found that the PHC Nartiang is in good condition compared to other doctors. There are four PHCs in Thadlaskeiñ Block.
Joseph defended the work the missionaries had done with the indigenous peoples of the tribes: “The indigenous peoples of India have lived miserable lives for centuries.
The spokesperson of the MDA government said that if the Governor speaks only in Hindi without translation, it is a big deal in all aspects.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that his allegation in the past years as one of the chairman of all the political parties in Meghalaya, has shattered the state. not just you.
The Gandhi Jayanti Week, a special month in honor of Mahatma Gandhi on the occasion of his 151st birth anniversary, was inaugurated by the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts & Guide, West Jaintia Hills on Thursday. Octomewot Lamin, Chairman, JHADC as the chief guest in the presence of W Lyngdoh, Jt.
Even the signboard to write the warning was not found.
The Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang, Jowai has the following announcements relating to the rules of the village which should be known to the public and also requests the public to follow and respect these rules of the village.
These vehicles were carrying a large quantity of drugs, saris and pictures intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Please understand the fact that we cannot compete with other countries of the world especially with those countries that have advanced in all aspects.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the state government has decided to increase the cash award to the winners of the Army Hero Award including the Navy. , air force and infantry.
to her and to all her household.
All these are the joint efforts of the State Tobacco Control Cell (STCC) and various government departments, including schools in the state who have expressed their desire to eradicate the evil of tobacco.
He said that the board has sent a notice to his office and also to the Tura Municipal Board to cut off the water supply to these hotels and to MeECL to cut off the water supply. to the electricity.
On 29 July 2015, the NGT after the hearing issued an order that MUDA should hear and demolish all the illegally erected structures within three months.
The new office bearers of the District Congress Committee Women include Joyfulness Marweiñ as President, Phyrnai Sohshang as Vice President, Lucky Marweiñ as Secretary, Gloryhorny Lyngkhoi as Treasurer and Deitina Marweiñ as Advisor.
Assistant organizing secretary: Row Latam 9.
“This is already a political game of the CM to undermine and prevent unity in these states in the Northeast,” said the statement.
Boko Police Station on receipt of the complaint have sent a copy to Nongstoiñ Police Station for further investigation.
Although there are many needs to improve the working methods of the ADCs if they still have to remain, or to abolish them, if they do not do anything – I will leave this to the further research of the experts.
“We have a good government which has launched many schemes to provide support to the youth who want to start their own businesses.
Regarding the letter, the Commissioner (Home), Government of Manipur has been urged to order the DGP of Manipur to provide special protection to the premises of the Kuki families. prove that they were forcibly transferred from Imphal.
According to him, this will happen from the session to be held in a few months and not from the budget session which will start on 16th June.
Bah Cornelius said this at the opening ceremony of the road at Riattamdong, Mawtawar on 05th July, 2023 in the presence of the Rangbah Dong of four villages of Mawtawar, the people and others. .
Namdong A Village Council has alleged that the Dolloi has acted violently even after they have lodged complaints that he should not recommend this place but he has not listened and proceeded without proper consideration and without respecting the order. Namdong A Village Council has strongly condemned the Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka for not knowing anything about the land of the Elaka and the villages because he has turned the land known as Khlieh Lamanang Mynksing Thadthawi into by the name of Myrlein which is not within the boundary of Namdong Village and Raij Namdong.
The meeting was held after receiving information that they had gone to the KHADC to seek permission to start the work and also to survey the areas where the railway line should pass. .
In the meetings held in Mawkynrew, Pynursla, Rambrai, Ampati, Salmanpara, Songsak, Chokpot, Jirang, Nongpoh and other mandals where the BJP has never had a presence in the past years, the active participation of the people.
Yes, we do not condemn them when they can investigate other aspects of human life.
Both these schemes promote financial inclusion of all the people of the country.
It also teaches us to avoid corruption, warning, “Thou shalt not commit adultery: for a bribe blindeth the wise, and perverteth the words of the righteous” (Exodus 23:8).
Therefore, the yuspong and the ioochongkhia Yoo will be able to rngu I man kni- u Pa.
The Governor himself handed over the money and wished Heimon a speedy recovery.
The project has been revised after the Union Minister in charge of Transport directed at a meeting recently in Guwahati.
The Bottling Plant will not only distribute its products to the people of Meghalaya, but will also export them to neighboring states.
Many have experienced anxiety and insecurity in the past years.
Health officials said that the treatment of these individuals in these centers is adequate.
It is agreed that he shall pay to the office T.32,00,000/- (Three hundred and twenty lakh) per annum.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has brought back two professional players from the team – Rajesh Bishnoi and Nakul Verma.
According to the petition, the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division was established on 12th November 1976 and looks after the international border and the largest foreign trade port in the country. Meghalaya (International Trade) and Bangladesh.
He said that during this month, he will see whether there is any problem with the taxi drivers.
“This is not easy, but it is a challenging task, and we are discussing an issue that could lead to unrest in the state and could affect the entire Reservation Policy, if we are wrong. ", said Conrad.
These will help you to pray.
The night blockade announced on Facebook by the AAYF leader Salsam Marak was demanding the release of AAYF President Salsam Marak.
The player has also confirmed that in the current tournament he will not face the early termination of Sousa's journey, by improving his performance. The entire match lasted two hours and 15 minutes in order to extend the victory to 4-0 in the ATP tournament.
There are eight teachers at the school including two teachers, two social workers, one project manager and Pastor F Sangkli as director.
Sudeep said that he will not contest the election, but will help Bommai to win the election.
The number of vehicles in Shillong has caused the roads to become crowded and in recent days the number of two wheelers has become excessive.
Within 1 km there are about 3 or 4 cars break down.
The Governor promised to take action on these issues and expressed his desire to be a close friend of the journalists.
He said that this day is celebrated every year as the Foundation Day of the Election Commission.
Shillong, July 19 : Due to the large number of cow farmers, including dairy cow farmers, who have suffered from Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD), the UDP Mawlai Circle today urged the Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, Government of Meghalaya to provide assistance to these cow farmers in the state.
The ADM Amlarem has also closed the market until the JHADC has arranged the village work of Jarain.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Prestone Tynsong, has urged the Village Leaders to follow the directions of the Ministry and allow the bodies of the deceased to be taken. from the Covid-19 pandemic to their villages so that their family members can perform the last rites as they usually do.
According to Bah Shabong, other newspapers from Assam have only small offices in the state and have not contributed much to the state, but have earned a lot of money. in the field of advertising (Advt) while the state newspapers receive a small income.
A total of 246 teachers have been dismissed, 65 have been re-appointed and 157 have not been appointed.
Shylla said Kennedy should explain to the public on the 6th of this month before Shylla gives a public speech in Smit.
He said the government should fully appoint all the employees and implement the farm.
On the other hand, the Mawlai Chief Minister, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, on receiving the news of the incident, visited the family and expressed his condolences.
During his first visit in July this year, the AITC chief launched the recruitment of members to the Meghalaya TMC as part of the preparations for the 2023 MLA elections.
Pyniaid said it is a fact that in the past few months, there have been complaints from the groups who used to live in the MMCR 2016 which has been banned by the government. on November 12, 2016, it closed down the quarries.
Psalm 32:2
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today attended a meeting at the University of Science and Technology (USTM). especially after receiving a Grade 'A' from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).
Bah Daminot J Wankhar, you are a singer, a singer and a dancer who is remarkable in your skills and beautiful voices.
The seizure of the drugs came after receiving a tip and at 1 pm they seized a Sumo (ML10 A 2089) at Shangbangla. Heroin was seized from the Sumo and one person involved in the illegal activities was arrested.
There should be a separate entry and exit point for those who stay overnight and then for the staff of these overnight stays and that they should also keep a distance of more than 7 feet from each other and those who stay overnight. , should stay more than seven feet away from each other, in these nightclubs.
After the storm, the jeep got stuck in the middle of the bridge, where two occupants survived after getting out of the vehicle while seven people were swept away by the strong wind. Sauer.
As part of the celebration, the school has organized a program to honor the teachers and staff of the school who have completed more than 25 years of service to the school. .
Sarma wrote in a tweet last night that he had suggested to the DC Kamrup Metro to close schools and hostels for 15 days.
Home Minister Amit Shah has concluded his visit to the North East Police Academy (NEPA) at Lad Umsaw, Shillong.
Khliehriat, Nov 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District today lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to express its concern over the damage to the National Highway-6 The C.P.W.D department has delayed in repairing the damaged bridges in the border areas and said that this delay has caused a lot of trouble to the people in coming and going and in transporting goods in the border areas. in the border area.
This action of the ruling government is surprising and illegal.
Pedestrians are also allowed to start walking in the green and orange zones.
