However, another new smuggling scheme has happened in Garo Hills.
In his speech, Mithun said, “I am a perfect seiniong and I only puh once, so you are dead”.
The organization would like to remind you of these words of wisdom: “Don't study just for the sake of education, Study because you want to get more knowledge, Study because knowledge can improve you, Study for knowledge Read because no one can take away from you the knowledge you have worked hard to acquire.
The Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma was also present as the Chief Guest.
Jesus said of the Israelites: “Truly I say to you, You will not have gone through the cities of Israel until the Son of man arrives.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, the son takes the jait from the mother.
The writings of the Word of God were fulfilled.
“I assure you that we will work hard this year to complete the renovation of the JN Stadium so that we can host the tournament next year.
Satya Pal Malik took over from Tathagata Roy, who has served as Governor of Tripura for three years and Governor of Meghalaya for two years.
In the past few years, the Police Department has worked hard to arrest drug traffickers and drug dealers in many places and has conducted raids from time to time after the Police Department announced to fight against drugs in this state.
The NGO Coordination Committee is a working committee of various NGOs including the Central Young Mizo Association, Mizoram Upa Paul, Mizo Hmeichhe Insuihkhawm Paul, Mizo Zirlai Paul and Mizo Students Union. .
Pressure: means to be pressured; khia is the weight that is strong enough to carry or carry.
It was also at a time when there was a search operation for the pro-Khalistan leader, Amritpal Singh.
The Principal of the college, Sylvanus Lamare, has lodged a complaint with Laitumkhrah PS. At the same time, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, said that police are investigating into the incident. whether it is an attempted kidnapping or not and if it is the police will also investigate the cause of the attempted kidnapping.
They also explained that the misunderstandings between the Minor and Major courses, where the Under-graduate education will be four years, have been discussed in detail.
Tielemans scored Leicester's 1-0 win over Chelsea in the final and was one of 28 goals for the club. Leicester in 195 appearances in all competitions.
In the complaint, the UDP through its Vice President, Bah Allantry Franklin Dkhar, said that the complaint is against some Government Ministers and MLAs who have links with the NPP for misusing the scheme. FOCUS bad FOCUS+.
The pine apple of Meghalaya is also the largest in India.
He said he is still waiting for the approval of Lar to hand over the portfolios to the new EM.
Dawanohi Chullai scored the first goal for Yesteryear in the 10th minute.
Ma Thombor said this at a meeting to seek support for the MDA candidate in Iawpynsin, Wahiajer on Saturday. Jemino in this election because he is the right person to lead the state to Delhi to advocate for the interests of the state.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Meghalaya High Court has postponed the hearing of the LP School teachers' appointment case today due to the absence of the Amicus Curiae. to the Court.
He said that this step is also to improve the surrounding areas in the city and to follow the NGT rules regarding the maintenance of waste disposal and discharge of wastewater. from the house out.
According to the recommendation of the Delimitation Commission, 126 Assembly constituencies and 14 Lok Sabha constituencies have been rearranged.
“The incident is minor, there is a fight on the street and not inside the police station between a group of Khasi children and other ethnic groups.
The interview with Bah Laloo came after reports that students from across the schools have complained about the MBOSE's questioning of the subject Social Science which is not from the Text. Book.
Breming received the camera on 6th July 2016 at the place between Nongkynbah and Domshken.
The KHNAM on Tuesday will distribute leaflets to raise awareness among the public on the need to abolish the Personal Interview in Government job applications.
Women gather at YMCA, Mawkhar, on Saturday: Rupang.
He said to promote Meghalaya, the state will also host the Indigenous Terra Madre of Mei Ramew in November this year.
The committee has also elected several members of the committee including former MDC HF Marngar, She Kharrit, S Thabah, Comingstar Kharbani, Eristar Lyngdoh, DE Lyngkhoi and others. About 81 members were elected from each Primary Unit of the Constituency.
The Rangbah Shnong of Ialong, Golden Gashnga, said that six of them have recovered and been discharged from the hospital, eight of them have been shifted to the Civil Hospital Ialong. Morison Dhar, 7, of Shillong, was shifted to Woodland Hospital Shillong for serious illness.
“We have nothing against the government's appointment of Bah Lapang,” said Bah Bindo.
Bangladesh Minister Abdullah Al Forhad also urged Canada to fight against the illegal entry and employment of Bangladeshi refugees.
Counting from the beginning to the end, the woman has been cheated of T.2 lakh.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday directed the government and the Jowai Municipal Board to ensure that garbage and garbage should not be dumped on the roads and sidewalks. in Jowai.
It was seen that they had removed the turpa to store the equipment when the vehicle came or when the vehicle turned and put it back when the space was available.
The letter also wrote that the encouragement of the work of 'ghar wapsi' through programs held across India by offering money for the conversion of religious priests or threats, a statement that The VHP will hold a large public meeting on the 28th of this month to protest against Mother Teresa, the attacks on Christians and the Christian Church. Kandhamal district of Odisha, where it was expected to be a day of great humiliation for Christians in the area.
The Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) has continued to conduct a humanitarian aid program at Shilliangmyntang Secondary School.
These landfills are of two types, blue for non-biodegradable waste and blue for bio-degradable.
He said that the death of Bah Marbaniang was linked to the NGT coal ban as the police officer died after seizing illegal coal trucks without proper documents.
There are 2,407 people undergoing treatment for the disease and the total number of cases in the state has risen to 8,9
Khliehriat, Naitung 17: Behdeiñkhlam is a religious ritual of the Jaintia people which has been around since ancient times. far from the plague of death.
This comes after Khliehmyntriang and Rymbai Madanpynriang won the quarterfinal match which was held at the artificial turf ground at Diengshynrum, Khliehriat on Thursday.
In this age of Social Media, I see that many members of the Hynniewtrep people use it to speak harshly, to write politely and critically to the leaders of the Jaidbynriew especially the politicians.
He said that this market will benefit the farmers and traders in this area.
She said that the Committee will meet again on the 31st of June at the Secretariat at 2 pm.
School, MLP School, Garce Care Academy, Christ Church Day, Mawlai Pres.
“Although I have sent my resignation letter alone, without leading the people, but my supporters are with me, I have consulted before taking this decision,” said Khan. on the Congress.
The demand for the separation of Meghalaya has been raised from time to time and recently, HITO has left for Garo Hills to seek cooperation to release the government by mutual understanding and cooperation without any discrimination. sabishni.
In this regard, the Sericulture Department is actually the government department in charge of this sector.
Tickets for the public can be obtained on the same day at the venue as follows: 1) Donors Card Rs.500 and 2) Executive Class Rs.300.
Seek: you mean ïit, tba- ïit you don't have to look immediately, you don't have to look for something like a dark room.
Babu Will was elected MLA in 1962 to the Assam Assembly.
There is a fund of T.9.73 crore, which is in progress and all the expenditure has been reported to the Government of India and the last one was submitted on 30th July , where the expenditures for the year 2015-16 are estimated.
Shillong, June 01 : The Indian Academy of Pediatrics (IAP) has announced the launch of its first “IAP KI BAAT, COMMUNITY KA SAATH” program across India. is to discuss and discuss in detail the issues affecting the health of children.
The Carol march will start from Motphran-GS Road, enter Main Road Police Bazar (Bhajanlal), Umsohsun-Wahingdoh, climb the Office Road of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to Mawkhar and end at Iingmane.
He said that due to the mining blockade, many trucks and dumpers have been destroyed because they can no longer pay the bank loan which they have taken to pay little by little.
The death toll has risen to 32,063 with 705 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to more than 70 lakh with 74,383 new cases in the past 24 hours.
The Dorbar Shnong has strictly prohibited any vehicle returning from Madanlyngkien after 8 pm from opening the gate and if there is any problem they should call the Dorbar Shnong Office at Mobile Number posted on the Signboard at the Gate. Anyone who violates the time set by the Dorbar Shnong will be punished according to the Act of the Dorbar Shnong.
Other ministers include G Parameshwara, MB Patil, KH Muniyappa, KJ George, Satish Jarkiholi, Ramalinga Reddy and BZ Zameer Ahmed Khan.
In the video, the plane was seen from a small time and farther away but it was seen that it had crashed straight into the house in the area along with the wings. campfire.
Former Defense Minister RG Lyngdoh said, “He is the last of his fellow leaders to live the longest. His love for the state and the people is incomparable. to forget, he is without a trace of corruption and he is also a man of integrity, he dedicated his life to serve righteously for his people, we will always remember his footsteps" .
The Vivekananda Award of Excellence was presented to Mr. Robertson Thankhiew for his outstanding contribution to the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
Police have arrested Bringo Lyngdoh of Namdong village in Khliehriat East and seized 3 grams of heroin from him. your plate.
In these days, groups and NGOs have also emerged which have fought for the preservation of the environment especially in the care and preservation of aquatic life.
However, we will try to find ways and means to get admission to all the students,” said the CM. Peace Rally held at Kiang Nangbah College, Jowai.
We are the ones who have been given the mind and the thought of what is good – not just intellectual knowledge, but understanding which is a precious gift of God.
“Besides these cities and venues, the tournament will also witness the participation of a team from Shillong which has qualified for the I-League, Shillong Lajong Football Club and other clubs.
The order was issued following the riots in Motphran, Mawkhar and other neighboring villages which have led to the burning of houses, vehicles and the loss of property. eyes and human lives as well.
Speaking on the Hima Nongkhlaw, the Hima which has produced such a hero of the country, the Chief Guest said, “I don't think there is still hope for this Hima as a whole because there are some changes which have turned it around. from one year to another,” he said.
The PDF leader in KHADC, Bah Process T Sawkmie, also supported the CEM's statement and urged the government to implement it into law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The MPUF-EJHD, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday heard a complaint from some residents of Pynurkba village in East Jaintia Hills District regarding the lack of tin taps and toilets. and a side street.
Through Talk Shows many viewers hear whatever the invitees have to say as well as their feelings.
Shillong, March 26: The Dorbar Ki Daloi of Jaintia Hills District today sent a complaint to the Secretary, Environment Department, Government of India and the Chairperson of the National Green Tribunal, New Delhi. They have lodged a complaint against the slaughter of tens of metric tonnes of fish by the Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills District Council.
However, sadly, Bah Lurshai Hynniewta was bombed and tied by these Bangladeshis until he was seriously injured and died.
They said that the losses of vehicles cannot be repaired, as the government has allocated only 10 percent for the repair of bad vehicles.
He said that a Flying Squad and a surveillance team have been set up to oversee the activities during the election campaign days.
She said that the KJDSTA has also appointed a special committee to find ways and means to improve the education and training of the students.
“I suggest to the UDP to convince Rev PBM Basaiawmoit to contest this election from the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The sale of blue dresses by the Daju Iewduh has slowed down, although many Daju Iewduh have already bought these dresses from the office of the Hima Mylliem at the price of T. 500 rupees.
In the event of emergency operations requiring vehicles to park in these areas, they must obtain permission from the office of the Superintendent of Police, WJH. in accordance with the provisions of the MV Act
Congratulating MP Agatha K Sangma for helping to bring about this road through the PMGSY of the Central Government, he said that Meghalaya is one of the States which has implemented the PMGSY scheme well. also the 5 issues before the State Government.
On 13th July, the Assam Legislative Assembly passed the Cattle Preservation Act 2021, which bans the slaughter of cows and the sale of meat in those places where there is a lot of clothing. , Hindus and Sikhs about five kilometers from the places of worship, which belong to these places named by the relevant authorities.
Shillong: The State Government, through an order issued today, has announced that all tourist attractions in the State, will start opening, from 16th March
We are continuing to work on this and hope that this will be successful, he added.
It is worth mentioning that on the 24th, the robbers threw stones at the statue of Jesus Christ which was standing and with a stick it was thrown with stones until the stick broke.
In the past decades, there has been a sense of discouragement, weakness, fear and fear among those who still hold on to the traditional religion because of the power of others to change. About 70 percent of the people of Khasi Hills have converted to Christianity.
Shillong: Pastor Emlangmi Sapuh on Tuesday celebrated Christmas with Differently Abled Persons at the Minister of Social Welfare, Shillong. Byndihati East Jaintia Hills.
Police have arrested Iohbor Lyngkhoi and sent him to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
In the women's singles match, Shimtihun Lyngdoh and D Kharbani (WKH) beat NA Sangma and SWD Shira (WGH) 21-12, 21-1
However, the decision of the state government to hold the Meghalaya Gams here in Tura cannot be ignored, as this is the result of the speech of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. He promised the youth that from now on, the light and the spirit of love for sports will continue to grow in all parts of the state and to be held every year.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 541 new cases have been confirmed and 5456 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
For many years now I have published in the newspapers urging the Hynniew-Trep leaders to unite for the benefit and welfare of our people – no matter where you are. Whether you are in the ruling or opposition for the sake of the nation, you shall stand together in taking decisions on any matter related to the interest and welfare of the nation. but this request has not reached the ears of our Hynniew-Trep leaders or they feel that it is better to accumulate wealth and to be a slave than to be a master.
It is worth mentioning that Bah HM Shangpliang recently resigned from the BJP party which he contested for the 2023 MLA election but was defeated.
I remember in 2010 when a preacher came out and announced that there would be an earthquake on October
The total number of recoveries has risen to
This includes EGH: 07 (Others), EJH: 32 (Others), EKH: 189 (Others), NGH: 16 (Others), RBD: 10 (Others), SGH: 05 (Others), SWGH: 71 ( Others), SWKH: 05 (Others), WGH: 70 (Others), WJH: 102 (Others), and WKH: 19 (Others).
So the time is now for us to get rid of this kind of dirty politics.
Speaking at the briefing, the President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang said that this is the first time in the history of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU). district where many of the day laborers don't even know that this day is a special day for them.
It is not by the kindness of the butcher, or of the winemaker, or of the baker, that we eat bread, but because they count their own income.
Despite the rain, the match went smoothly and both the teams fought hard to score.
In the first final of the women's category, West Khasi Hills will face East Jaintia Hills at 9 pm and in the men's category, Ri Bhoi will face West Jaintia Hills at 11:00 pm.
On the other hand, the Karbi also burnt down two houses owned by Bah Thomas Hadem inside the area.
Powell Sohkhlet June 22, 2022 On the 22nd of July 1841, 181 years ago, a ship arrived in the country. in parts of Pandua, one of the Khasi villages that is well established in the trade in the Shilot area.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC drew 1-1 in the first home game of Shillong Lajong FC on Friday evening.
It receives 11,871mm of rainfall per year.
Shillong: The Polo Pond has been filled with Hindu worship on the end of the Puja festival.
Now the important thing is for the political parties and the people to prepare for the Lok Sabha MP elections to be held in June-June
In the 4th Division, Nongrah beat Umsohdun 4-0
The program also included a screening of speeches by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi who spoke face to face with the people on various schemes of the CM.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said the State Government has directed the investigating officer to gather all the facts and submit a detailed report on what happened.
The total number of cases in the country has risen to 6,584 and the total number of cases has risen to 39,6
Khan said PIA will make every effort to release the plane as soon as possible and said that the remaining money has already been paid.
On receiving information about the incident, FKJGP leaders led by Ricky Majaw, Gabriel Sun, Banroi Wahlang and others rushed to the scene. school and who condemned the supervisors of the school, for not being able to provide for the needs of the children as they should.
Ebanskhem Nongtdeh scored for Nartiang (40+1) while Rimiki Suchiang scored for Mooknor Thadmuthlong (64).
The chief guest who witnessed the finals was Kor Sympli ex MDC JHADC and father of Kyrmen Shylla Minister MDA in the presence of EJHDFA leaders and office bearers. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Shillong on Thursday conducted a training session on bank financial assistance for small businesses at Thangbuli, Amlarem. Navneet Singh Nagar, Deputy General Manager, RBI Shillong.
Therefore, the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle with its blessings and congratulations for the contribution and reputation they have brought to the community and the nation as the organization would like to honor both of them. The Meghalaya Football Team has reached the second round of the 76th Hero Santosh Trophy 2023 held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
However, on the other hand, it was reported that the BJP's decision not to contest the MDC elections may be due to fear of the strong opposition of the people to the Citizenship Amendment Bill The entire eastern part of the country including Meghalaya.
Anthony Bareh, Waheh Shnong of Saphai, passed away on Tuesday.
“We have never found an MLA like Bah PT Sawkmie, who has worked hard for Mawlai.
In the evening, FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit held a dance competition at the Community Hall Nartiang with the participation of 20 youths from Nartiang.
Aizawl: U Zoramthanga, Chief Minister of Mizoram, today slammed the Assam government for spreading false news that Mizoram has withdrawn its police from the border between the two states. Zoramthanga believes that the news is a false news.
Shillong, July 9: Nine persons including a professor have been arrested in connection with the rape of a 14-year-old girl. Julius Dorphang MLA of Mawhati.
The High Court has directed the state government to look into Hazarika's claim regarding the 9 km section of the road and to submit a report to the court on the 12th. June, 2023 which is the date of the hearing of the case.
He also asked how these 18 petrol pumps, which have been owned by foreigners, have been allowed to come into the state.
Mairang, November 21: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of the constituency, today inaugurated the Pig Multiplier Farm. of the Agriculture Department of the State Government at Mawsawa Village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Salchang Sangma and Silgar M Sangma took 3/22 wickets while Ayush M Sangma took 2/1
Therefore, the DC has ordered the closure of all IMFL Retail Shops, Bars, Hotels, Bonded Warehouses, Bottling Units, Breweries, Distilleries, Country Made Spirit Shops, Outstills, Canteens and others within the boundary of the district. Ri Bhoi District will be closed on 4th and 5th March 2022 which is the Hindu Puja day.
The raid at Ksehkhohlong village, which is only 11 km before Nongstoin, was attended by the elders of the village and directed by the village officials. Please also submit a complaint.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Umsning Market will soon be relocated from its present location to another location known as Umsning Patarim near the By-Pass Road.
Ltd, which has constructed the bridge on the Tisang (Myntdu) River at Borghat Village, East Jaintia Hills.
A case has been registered at Dawki PS under Case No. 94(11)19 u/s 14 of the Foreigners Act R/w Sec 12(1A) (b) of the Passport Act. ahead.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Livingstone Thangkhiew, one of the elders who has been in charge of the Basan farm for about four months, said that he has received information about the planting of Basan Nongkseh. After that, the kur turned to the office of the syiem to stop the issuance of certificates and to get a copy of the appointment of Basan.
We as a nation are stupid, we love the last thing, they don't have any value in front of their parents, they have left home, there is no place for them to return – If there is, you have to pay the price – this The teaching of the Christian religion to treat children with respect, the teaching of the Word of God says, “Honor those who are above” – we do not honor those who are below, only the last is enough.
However, the CoMSO wants the government to redefine the term riewlum under the Land Transfer Act, as the term riewlum includes all the riewlum of India. He said that only the indigenous people of Meghalaya should be recognized as citizens.
When asked whether he will be the prime ministerial candidate, he said that if the party elects and appoints him, he is ready to accept whatever the party decides.
Timing Lyngdoh scored a hat-trick in the opening round of the Under-16 Boys Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) at Artificial Turf, Khliehriat on Tuesday. .
It is to be recalled that on Sunday night, the bridge was attacked by people suspected to be from Assam. The vehicle bridge, including tar equipment and a JCB, was damaged.
So far, police have seized 456 rounds of ammunition and 6,670 rounds of ammunition.
On the other hand, the Congress MLA, Bah Charles Marngar, said that the party MLAs have held a meeting to discuss issues affecting the lives and deaths of the people and other issues affecting the development of the country. par of the state.
As leaders, we have always been confident in anything.
Through this man can draw near to God and worship God in spirit and in truth.
Bah Staising Kharbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, Mawkyrwat, as one of the experts or resource person, explained how the Constitution of the country was drafted through the Constituent Assembly and our rights as citizens. approved by the Constitution of the country.
“The HNLC members have expressed their concern over the safety of the HNLC members and the government will take action,” he said.
“The recruitment of youth from other districts of the state will be on Friday,” said Kumar.
These two vehicles were launched by Bah AL Hek as the chief guest at the Health Rally and Youth Festival organized by the DM&HO.
The BSF troops of the 200 Battalion, after receiving a tip that there was an attempt to smuggle the food items, went to stop the smuggling and in collaboration with the Police, they seized to seize the shini hidden in an uninhabited house in Rongra Area.
“I looked at the khiew of those people who died in Umsawli, I saw that there were tits that were long which we called tit doh or tit tyngab which we used to eat. “They are stupid but they are stupid, maybe they don't recognize them,” he said.
The Hynniewtrep people have been given too much chlorphim or sleeping pills by the leaders of the people since the Hill State struggle. The flood is still there – even though there have been some who have tried to destroy us.
Media reports said that last night, a meeting was held between BJP leaders, in which they were able to persuade Ajit Pawar, who is the brother-in-law of Sharad Pawar, to join the party. Devendra Fadnavis and Ajit Pawar said that the meeting between Devendra Fadnavis and Ajit Pawar was held this afternoon and as soon as the meeting was held, they immediately spoke to the BJP. And Amit Shah.
This mass struggle for independence from the rule of one power, whether the Hima or the Church, has been going on since the time of the Reformation movement.
Dr Shama alleged that the NPP-led MDA government is still trying to loot the resources in the state, but Meghalaya has witnessed a strong protest by the teachers over the lack of teachers. The salary of the teachers, who have had to come forward to demand their rights, the salary of the teachers is paid by the central government 90% and the state government 10%. The BJP is against the teachers of the poor.
The following members are appointed to the Dadasaheb Phalke Award Selection Committee:1
Hopefully there is no hidden intention to forcefully introduce Hindi in our state.
Our struggle is against the Government and this issue that has been left behind...51 years have passed, many delays.
From Pariong-Mawthadraishan, the contest will be between UDP candidate Jambor War and HSPDP candidate Blandingstar Warjri.
Russia on Tuesday said it had shot down two drones that reached the presidential residence in the Kremlin. be the target of the Ukrainian rebels.
Nongpoh: In a bike accident which happened at 12:30 pm last night on the NH-6 and under 18Mer village, Byrnihat, the driver of the bike was killed. died, while a friend was injured.
Jowai, Nailur, 07: After the management of the Archbishop's House Laitumkhrah has destroyed several trees which threaten the tourists to plant new trees in the area, the Social Forestry & Environment Wing East Khasi Hills, under the leadership of Bah Wilson Shadap Manner IFS on 7.9.2023, about 60 trees were planted in this area. anything can time.
He urged the people of Mylliem constituency to vote for the Congress, saying that by doing so, the people will get that happiness and there will be no difference in religion, language and culture.
The Half Marathon will start from the NFRSA Stadium, Maligaon, where up to 3,000 runners from all over India and abroad will come to participate. take part.
may God heal those who are injured.
“The report was released by Dr. Bibek Debroy, Chairman, EAC – PM on November 20, 2022 in the presence of Dr. Amit Kapoor, Honorary Chairman Institute for Competitiveness, Michael Green, CEO Social Progress Imperative and Other officials were invited to attend the ceremony at the National Nehru Memorial Museum, Teen Murti House, New Delhi.
When the people went to need, he had to humble himself like a snake in front of the miaw.
Therefore, we would like to request you to make an effort to improve this place.
CSWO (I) President Irene Hujon said that children should be taught from home.
In Phase-IV, the project aims to improve the quality of agriculture, to produce more agricultural products according to the needs, and to preserve the environment. mass plantation and other training.
Speaking at the meeting, Lahkmen Rymbui said that the Dohkha farming in this area has started since ancient times and has been handed down to this day.
Joy Wanniang, Relief Secretary of UHM Mawkyrwat Circle, while speaking to media, expressed her gratitude for this opportunity to join hands with the people in need. “Their donation is not large but as a sign of encouragement and solidarity with them, we have donated sleeping bags. There are 28 patients at Mawkyrwat CHC,” said Bah Joy.
Rev.Dr.RR Cunville, one of the greatest preachers of the Presbyterian Church around the world, while delivering the Good Friday message on Good News TV of the KJP Youth Service of the Western Synod, recalled the suffering. Christ on the cross for the sins of believers.
On the other hand, PM Modi said that Bah Brian and his team have also collected information regarding the contents of the crematoria. go to any part of the world.
Mukhla Raij scored the first goal in the first half through Deini Suna (36).
Laskar said he had no intention of arguing with the Chief Minister and said, “Lotha should arrange to argue with me on the issues of the BJP and Congress. the development of the minorities in Meghalaya, so that the people can decide which party to support, in relation to the welfare of the minorities in the State”.
Nongkrem MLA and President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit has been elected to power on Saturday after two days of strike near the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat. on July 1, 2023 at 4 p.m.
There they shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
We cannot deny that and we witness that as the days go by we see that the infiltration of the authorities is increasing.
Rangia Police, under the leadership of OC Bhaskar Mallah Patowary, rescued 15 cows from the poachers on Saturday.
On this occasion, Khimmusniang Jowai played against Friends United Jowai.
Regarding the allocation of T.46.27 crore, T.9,29,73,230 has been allocated to the General Administration Department, T.15,37,630 to the Law Department and T.2,11,70,910 to the Revenue Budget & Finance. Department, T.2,38,94.710 to Forest Administration Department, T.1,45,17,810 to Administration of Justice & Judicial Department, T.1,86,66,370 to Legislative Department, T.3,40,370 to Education Department, T.27,53,18,430 to the Civil Works and Development Department and T.1,42,96,730 to the Enforcement Scheme for the Protection of Tribal Land.
“I have asked for estimates but unfortunately there has been no construction of this road (Wwarwar to Khrang) in this area in the past years until the Government has allocated funds for it. November, 2018.
The Reservation Policy of 40 by 40 and 20 which was implemented 50 years ago since 1972, many say is no longer appropriate for the times as it should be.
Happy Thursday to all who believe in the Son of God the Savior of the world... AMEN.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC Thombor Shiwat said, “We understand the plight of the council employees and recently the lockdown was imposed. To fight against COVID-19, we have called for a meeting with them and urged them to cooperate with the Executive Committee because they will not lose their salaries and they are still waiting for the State Government to release their share of the land revenue. .
"It is true that he has not yet achieved this goal but he has been able to influence the thinking of the future generation," he said.
The Utilization Certificate (UC) of the works implemented shall be sent by the ADCs to the State Government which shall be sent back to the NITI Aayog for consideration.
The HYC in the petition also alleged that the stingy attitude of the Forest Department and the police standing in the middle of the road to guard the road has encouraged the destroyers to bring in foreigners to burn rnga inside the road. you District.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The HANM West Khasi Hills District Council has strongly supported the strike and demand of the SSA teachers of West Khasi Hills to pay their salaries since November. and November, 2015.
Prizes and cash prizes were awarded to the winners in various categories.
“Many of the important laws passed by the district councils have been rejected by going to court,” he said.
By Bah Philip MarweiñThe number of heads of state in Meghalaya has now reached 35 lakh and when the state reaches 50 years by 2022 the population will reach 36 lakh.
Most of the locals are pisco growers in this area.
When inquiring, it was found that the account numbers of T.20 lakh, T.8 lakh and T.12 lakh were in the name of the former Secretary of KHADC, Bah W.Syiemlieh.
The ancients did not need any training, but they raised Ngap to get fish water because Ngap water was a remedy for colds, sore throats and other diseases.
“Even if we have only four people, we will stand up to defend the cause of the jaidbynriew and if the government takes over the life and death of the jaidbynriew, we will take to the streets with the people to overthrow this government. which is like a strong government,” said Bah Ardent.
The party, which issued a statement yesterday, has also decided to meet with Defense Minister Kiren Rijiju to discuss the issue.
“Education, income and health will be the top priorities of the party,” he said.
Meristila Wahlang (NCP) from Laitumkhrah – Malki Constituency.
She also congratulated the training team for their efforts to help the youth prepare for their future.
The Congress candidate spoke about the MDA government, saying what the NPP has done and what the UDP has done, there is no need to explain, the people have understood how to elect leaders.
Shaibor Nongrum of Nangkir Irat scored the first goal in the 62nd minute and Diego Khriam of Sawmer replied in the 70th minute. scored the second goal to win the title for his team.
On the WHO's development of vaccines for various diseases, the Chairman said, “These are not vaccines to prevent diseases but vaccines to kill people in India by bringing the country to less paid than the citizens.
As usual every year many schools especially non-government schools take advantage of the school holidays and often it seems that this is the right time for them once a year.
The opening ceremony was attended by Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District Garod LSN Dykes IAS who was the chief guest, Kamailang Garod Secretary Village, Sanki Lamare Rangbah Shnong Raliang, Rolinstar Shadap DDM. Marda Oo Myrchiang District Manager CSC Governance, Ameecia Pariat District Manager CSC Governance along with other members of the village.
The farmers of Liariongskai village, Lapangap, on Tuesday, on the border of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong, cut down their rice crops. and the sword between the Khasi-Pnar and the Karbi.
He said that there will be a market to sell various items, cleaning, housie and others and it will start at 10 pm and end at 10.30 pm. on the side of Ad.
On Tura, the NPP has decided to re-elect the incumbent MP Agatha Sangma for the upcoming elections.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that people who have been vaccinated against Covid-19, even if they have been infected with Covid-19, can fight back. the virus and recover more quickly, compared to people who have not been injected.
The areas under curfew are Bara Bazar, Paltan Bazar, Jeep Stand from District Council Point to Motphran and YMCA at Lumdiengjri Police Station, Police Bazar, including Umsohsun Bridge to Khyndai. Lad within the boundary of Sadar Police Station and all the areas of Cantonment Beat House.
“Even the PA Sangma Stadium project funded by the Modi Government has not been announced at the foundation stone but all the credit has been taken by the state.
West Khasi Hills is a fertile area like other parts of Ri-hynniewtrep, where the residents can grow soh, pait and other crops as they like.
The village leaders insisted that the sale and purchase without the knowledge of the village will not be considered legal, which is also the decision of the dorbar.
Revelation 20:1-2/ Revelation 21:1-4
The Sordar of Warbah, Budlang Mawpat, Kyntiew Khongshei, Raid Rymmai, Rangbah Shnong Dewson Shabong and Raid Mawber have expressed their strong opposition if the Prime Minister Narendra Modi recognizes the only for the Kongthong and if these villages do not get the same recognition when they are the same ones who are still doing this training of the ancestors.
“At the same time I wrote many books.
Continuing from their previous score of 332/8, Nagaland relied on Abrar Kazi to play well against Meghalaya's bowlers including Aditya Singhania who scored 5/5
Prof. HW Sten, as a staunch member of the Khasi Authors' Society, worked hard and sent a Memorandum to the State Government and the Sahitya Akademi in 1994-9
When inquired, some of the MDCs (who did not want to be named) said that they have not received any information but they also said that it may be so or may not be so. show that they too have heard the same message.
However, the robbers took the children to Taksing Basti village, Arunachal Pradesh where they forced them to help with the household chores of some families in the area.
Andrew Charles Gare, the Indian National Congress candidate for the 34th Constituency (ST), has been arrested in connection with the POCSO Section 9 (k) case. 10 POCSO. The case is still in the hands of the Special Judge (POCSO) of West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin.
The program, which includes information and entertainment, will help to address the problems in urban areas and provide information to the public on electoral matters in the conduct of free, transparent, fair elections, which open to all and welcoming to all in a manner of speaking that opens the way for dialogue.
The upcoming election for Sohiong Assembly Constituency, which has been postponed due to the death of the UDP candidate from Sohiong Assembly Constituency, Bah (L)HDR Lyngdoh will be held soon on 10th May The counting of votes will be announced on 13th May
Speaking on the issue, Debabra Saikia, Leader of the Opposition, said that the bill does not fit the bill, because the temple cannot be built anywhere and by anyone. however, it leads to ethnic strife and differences.
Speaking on the admission of youth to the school, Bah Dundee said that they know that the admission will be based on the skills of the youth.
In this regard, the Seng urges the State Government to take action and at the same time the Seng urges the Village Authorities of Langpih area not to allow this invasion by Assam.
It may be recalled that the Mawkhar Church has lodged a complaint with the police that the amount of money lost has reached T.4.67klur.
The traffic police have requested those who use these types of vehicles to remove them completely and to replace them with those who have never been in their vehicles. on 30th June 2021 and thereafter, those who violate will be fined in accordance with Section 182-A4 of the Motor Vehicle (Amendment) Act,
Hindi should not be a subject to be taught in schools, according to a discussion on social media today. The new education policy or draft education policy.
When asked about the medical treatment, she said that there is no such medicine inside the PHC, but only the ASHAs have medicines if they are sick, but if they have to go for treatment, the public has to carry them. Patients have to travel for about 3 hours to Khrang PHC, or by car to Shillong.
They are like those lost sheep who wander about without knowing where they are going and where the goal of eternal life is.
He said the party will continue to oppose the proposal to register people who are doubtful as citizens of the state as voters.
The meeting was attended by the CEM, Deputy CEM, Chairman, Executive Members, MDCs, Syiems, Village Leaders and prominent Sengbhalang of the state.
, said a statement from the HNYF Riwar Circle.
The distribution of these food items was attended by Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP, Sengkmie, Samla Gabriel Sunn, President Umsning Circle and other leaders from the district and from the district. who circles.
On the other hand, the President of the PDF, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, said that the PDF party was suit and sanctified through prayers, because the party was created not for anyone but for the sake of vision of the dangers that the nation has faced and also of the aspirations that the nation has longed for.
In the match between Mawten SC and Wahsiej US&CC, Wahsiej US&CC scored 10 goals in the first half. Bosmingstar Ïawsei and Mawten SC scored the first goal of the match from the penalty spot.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 14, 2023: Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam beat Jakrem Government Lower Primary School 3-1 goals in the 20th Football Tournament. The event was held at the office of the District Sports Officer, Saitsnad Square, Mawlangwir.
It is the parents who have given birth to their children and who know best where they are lacking and where they are strong, what manners, what cleanliness and what education and how they come and go.
Shillong, November 19: The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr. W. Kharlukhi on Tuesday said that the 2018 elections will be exactly like the 1998 elections.
Especially in Ladybury and Khliehriat.
At first glance, I see that it is doubtful that the Government of India will implement the ILP here.
He said that the plans of the world's richest man Bill Gates are to bring those artificial people seen in the movies to the world.
But even then we believe the currency will work again and probably work more.
India is a secular state.
At the time of writing, the Election Commission of India (ECI) has led the Nongpoh constituency in Nongpoh constituency with the highest turnout of 76.44%. Jirang constituency – 75.25%, Umroi constituency – 75.12%, Mawhati constituency – 70.02% and lastly – Umsning constituency – 69.37%.
He said that the violence only brings sorrow.
In the morning, people go out to work, when the water is dry, they come back to their homes, and it seems that everything is full and everyone is satisfied with their lives in forty-four hours.
This award is part of the efforts to encourage the students of the area to work harder to succeed in life.
The witnesses that we as a human heritage see clearly that each mountain, each valley and each ranab has its own name which our ancestors called sometimes according to the characteristics of those people. places which may not be according to the Khana Tang which has been published by the Meiramew in that place or the events that have occurred in that place.
Kane you're clear.
Daniel entered the king's chamber and said – There is a God in heaven who reveals secrets, and he told Nebuchadnezzar that the king's dream was that he saw a great image. The head of it was of pure gold, the breastplate of silver, the neck of bronze, the legs of silver, the legs of bronze, part of silver, part of dew byrtha. and the stone that smote the image, which was of brass and clay, was broken in pieces.
The Nongpoh Kur, who still hold the Khasi religion, consider this 'Tema' as a goddess.
This is the testimony of Pastor David Jamir at Umdihar, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
“If this goes on, it will take 4 or 5 years to improve and build the swimming pool and this will cause a huge loss to the swimmers of our state, especially the children who “They have already sent a letter to the Minister of Sports to suspend this plan,” said Bah Joe.
They said that on the 6th, Jamrak Sangma (driver), Milseng T Sangma, Tumbul A Sangma and another person had gone to Assam to buy kwai and after completing their work they returned. through the Chaldean.
With this information to the BSF authorities, the HNYF Shnongpdeng Unit requests the authorities to take action against this illegal activity and to take action according to the laws and regulations.
Up and down you can hear the children singing the beautiful voices of various candidates.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij -12 Daloi together with the Seiñ Raij Muktapur invite all the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum to take their time to attend this Lympung.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the Bill has strengthened the responsibility of the Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs to hold the Annual General Meeting every year. the annual census before the people.
Shillong, November 05 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today promised to the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) to improve the artificial turf ground of the Association. spectator seating and also a fence.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Bah Jetwin Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Pahamsyiem and many others.
Then the cow said to the cow lyngki, 'It is better to cleanse your beard than to cover your beard with a shuri.
Whatever is to be thanked to our Creator, whatever is to be praised, whatever is good, whatever is to be shown, whatever is to be built is from. but this article says that we should turn to the past and that we should have time to gather together as a family to talk about the good.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP have asked the committee to introduce a new Office Memorandum so that the new appointment can start.
Members of the All Assam Students' Union (AASU) threw a flag on Sharma's path on National Highway 31 at Ghagrapar in Nalbari district while Sharma was on his way to Dakshingaon. for the laying of the foundation stone of the Nalbari Medical College and Hospital.
It is best to plant the wheat at the end of the season; for if harvested hastily, the wheat may soon rot when it is stored, and it cannot be carried far.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent said that the last MLA election was more surprising and it was seen that even in areas where there were no VPP candidates, people sang Prah along with them. Hebrew spirit.
The collapse of the bridge occurred after a truck carrying cement number AS 01 GC 3873 coming from Lumshong and heading towards Byrnihat, collided with its wheels. Because of the lack of wooden beams on the bridge.
What is the reason? 1- Shri Sajjan Bhajanka 2- Shri Sanjay Agarwal 3- Prem Kumar Bhajanka 4- Mr. Rajendra Chamaria 5- Mr. Pankaj Kejriwal for the Elaka in the last 15 years.
During the curfew in Arunachal Pradesh, some people have been forced to hunt for bsein iong to eat meat.
The DC's office has taken this decision as part of the implementation of the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare as part of the fight against the corona virus by restricting public gatherings especially inside the state. Shillong is still in the Orange Zones.
The 15-member team will be led by Bah Kishan Lyngdoh as Captain.
In this letter we would like to inform you that we as the Association would like to express our gratitude to you as the Seng/Shnong under your leadership for your support to us to oppose the Public Hearing of the Star. Cement which was held on 19.10.2019 at Brishyrnot.
“This new coal mining will help the people of Jaintia Hills and those who rely on coal, but when it comes to illegal activities like illegal mining or smuggling, I don't have anything to say but I hope that the department “It's up to us to look after this,” said Bah Kyrmen.
On the other hand, Animesh Debbarman, TIPRA MLA and Leader of the Opposition in the Tripura Legislative Assembly, said that the tribals have started raising their voices.
Amlarem, Jymmang 05: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Khaw under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of May, 2022 has been released to all the households who have received the foodgrains. under the NFSA (AAY and PHH) from 5th May 2022 to 15th May,
There will be only one match in Group-B (Jowai zone) between Rymbai Iawpynsing and Rangdajied United at 2:30 pm, and no matches in Groups A and C. and D today to rest the players.
“If it weren't for the district authorities, the incident on the 1st of June when the truck drivers attacked the thew checkpoint, wouldn't have happened.
We need to talk carefully and think carefully and decide again.
KSU War Jaintia would like to thank Samla Ohibait Dkhar President of Jaintia Hills District Unit and all the members who came to help and all the traders who accepted and acknowledged that this issue, taken by the Seng is a problem. Nongpoh: Nine Presbyterian Churches in Mawthoh Myrdon District, including Mawlyngkhung Church, Banbudai Church, Nongbah Myrdon District, have been established in Mawthoh Myrdon District. , Rtiang, Thad, Sohliya and Mawtari Myrdon, on Tuesday, held a tribute to Pastor LS Nongphlang, the retired Senior Pastor, after decades of service and especially as the Superintendent of the District.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills, Lakador Syiem, said the incident occurred after the old Pandits did not allow the new Pandits to enter the Hindu place of worship.
“The Dorbar Shnongs or the owners of the houses cannot allow people to leave without a permit issued from the entry point,” said Bah Blah.
“We the HYC also request the MePDCL electricity department to help this child and to take care of all the wires so that we can avoid the grief of our flesh and blood,” he said.
Shillong: The Congress party today opened the registration process for the Indian Youth Congress (IYC) in Meghalaya.
Gavin, after visiting the family of Roning on Sunday morning, said that in any case, taking a human life is not the right way.
In East Jaintia Hills, 51 cases have been recovered including 3 cases from outside and 48 cases from Star Cement Cluster.
“In that day shall there be a great mourning in Jerusalem” Zechariah 12:1
“We are shocked and disappointed that a foreigner who does not have the rights of an Indian citizen would dare to treat the rulers like that,” said a statement from the Rangbah Shnong of Raid Lyngkhat. that this causes them to doubt the authorities of the law, there is something behind it.
In the journey of the country in these years since we gained our independence which will reach 71 years this year it is very important to look back on what our leaders have shown us. It is our duty to promote the country and society from all kinds of evils and obstacles such as discrimination. in many ways, backwardness in any field,prevalence of harmful substances like drugs and other problems.
He said that only the new House can introduce the Bill if it wants and this has to start from the beginning which means it has to be taken back to the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.
Those villages and areas which fall under Assam shall be governed by the rules and regulations of Assam.
Meanwhile, the women's team lost 2-0 to Jharkhand in the third place match.
The Word of God says: But know this, that the longsuffering of our Lord Jesus Christ is in him that believeth; and repentance.
Residents of Garo Hills have complained about the problems caused by the lack of Internet.
Therefore, the police department has taken action to reach the scene and to rescue these people from outside and prepare to return them to their place of origin, said Bah Daniel Kharbani, Assistant General. Secretary, KSU Upper Shillong Circle.
The bus will leave Shillong for Sohra at 5 pm on the 30th November in front of the All Saint Church opposite the Soso Tham Auditorium. the time is right for this step.
The visit of Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Assam Government, to Manipur in the past few days, has been a hot topic. to work hard to establish the BJP government in Manipur.
In the women's category, Veronica Sohshang (45-48 kg), Shreena Thapa (48-50 kg), Mellina Basaiawmoit (50-52 kg), Banisha Makri (52-54 kg), Reetika Sarki (54-57 kg) and Rishisha Lyngdoh (57-60 kg).
Adelbert, former CEM of KHADC, said that there was no complaint against Latiplang from the KHNAM leaders, but it was only a mobile letter from me which I sent to him. “I wrote in an SMS 'Bah Latiplang please don't misuse KHNAM' Khublei Shibun,” said Bah Adelbert. KHNAM leader as he alleged, it is only because he died and fell shyiengkrung elsewhere”.
While he was sleeping, he asked many questions, but he was afraid that Rida would tell anyone.
Jaitley is said to have suffered from severe asthma and other illnesses.
Last year, North Garo Hills won the title, while East Khasi Hills came second and in 2019, Ri Bhoi District won the title. one house.
Shillong, July 17: The Congress has strongly criticized the NDA government, especially the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the issuance of 500 and 1000 notes. to the people of the country.
In recognition of their contribution to the field of music, the Royal Global University has awarded a special award to the Shillong Chamber of Choir, entitled “Pride of North East”. which they submitted on 22nd June 2018.
If these rules and notifications are not real laws, hopefully the High Court will issue a fair decision against such laws and notifications by the government to deprive them of their rights. teacher.
The purpose of the meeting was to inform the officers on various steps on how to move forward with development activities through Data-driven Governance.
The MCA will announce the preparations for the tournament in the coming days.
Manstudy Nongrem MDC from Langrin Constituency was also admitted to the committee.
Dr DRL Nonglait, President of KAS, expressed his satisfaction that the State Government has agreed to take up the demand for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the State Legislative Assembly. governments that have been willing to do so in the past.
The union also reminded the DC of the government's inability to pay the compensation to the land owners affected by the construction of the NHAI on the NH-4
It may be recalled that in the recent auction, the price of Eugeneson Lyngdoh was set at T.27 lakh tyngka. ISL have been interested in signing the Bengaluru player and the price of the player has been strong, but in the end there are no clubs better than Pune FC, the club owned by Hrithik Roshan. Bollywood's most famous actor.
In West Garo Hills, 19 grounds have been improved and these include Didapara for T.10 lakh, Dombakre for T.14 lakh, Mukdangra for T.16 lakh, Rerapara for T.15 lakh, Gongglangre for T.16 lakh. Abima, Selsella T.10 lakh, Zekabari Hr Sec school, T.10 lakh, Gonda Apalgre T.10 lakh, Chotcholja T.7 lakh, Sonagre T.7 lakh, Adangre T.6 lakh, Koina Dubi T.6 lakh, Bangsidua T.15 lakh, Tokonchi T.5 lakh, Baladinggre T.10 lakh, Arenggre T.5 lakh, Golmangre T.10 lakh, Kashibil T.5 lakh and Rongsang Aba ground T.10 lakh.
Shillong, March 27: Three Swedes, who came to Assam on a tourist visa, have been arrested on charges of holding a service to convert people to Christianity.
She requested the Minister to visit the beautiful place and to assist the Tourism Department in the development of the valley.
Regarding the release of Ashish Mishra on bail for about eight months, the Supreme Court ordered him to leave Uttar Pradesh within 10 months of his release.
Mawlai Presbyterian College will face Jaintia Eastern College tomorrow.
I don't want to ask Kni.
This picture was clearly seen in an Adong written by the Dorbar Shnong Qualapaty where many of the signs have been damaged and the drawing of the snow has been drawn in the middle.
Shillong, Jymmang 09 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with Pankration athlete Lorenza Songthiang who is preparing to compete in the World Combat Games to be held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. this year.
Speaking to media, Bah Louis Dohtdong said, “This is not new and the party has been monitoring the position of Rangbah Shnong of the Garo people in the land of our people. protested.
The market, which was inaugurated by former Minister of Agriculture Banteidor Lyngdoh in the presence of Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliemngap on 10th July 2023, is still open. as such, and as far as information is concerned, the reason is because it still needs to build a shutter to be safe to store goods, as it is still bare.
He said that from next year, the students of the state who have to write the CUET examination will be able to write it in their own state as it has been approved to set up a Center in Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
The law does not allow anyone to enter or leave these containment areas.
The High Court has ordered 10 companies of CISF police to search and monitor illegal coal trucks and illegal mining in the state.
It is learned that the Prime Minister is now in the process of replacing the government ministers especially those who are fighting against him who are in office and will give office to others who obey him.
The Congress MDCs said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has sent a letter on 27/10/2019 to the Chief Secretary of the State to inform the MDCs about this. Shillong: A youth from Assam has died in Thangshalai, Shillong, today. at Diengpasoh Police Station, after his motorcycle collided with a truck.
Dhar, who is also the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, said that the New Shillong Jail will be on par with the Central Jail, where prisoners and those under trial will be held. he shall be saved.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Nongpoh Town Committee, after completing the necessary documents with the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, today decided to inform/announce publicly that it has reorganized the Town Commission. The parking of vehicles in Nongpoh since 1st July, 2016 has been inspected by the Nongpoh Traffic Police.
Speaking at a meeting with the CEMs of KHADC, JHADC, Chief Executive Members and political parties, Dr Sangma said the government's delay in sending the Bill to the Governor for approval. The reason for this is that there is a conflict between some of the relevant aspects of the Act.
Also present on the occasion were the Chancellor of MLCU Prof. Glenn C. Kharkongor, Vice Chancellor Prof. TK Kharbamon, Pro Vice Chancellor Malcolm D Roy, Registrar Dr. Iwamon WJ Laloo, Controller. of Evaluation & Examination Dr.Ardonister Lyngdoh, Dean Faculty of Theology & Religious Studies Prof.Dr.Samuel Meshack, Finance Officer Sonia L Tron and Dean of Research Dr.Larilin Kharpuri.
Shillong, July 30 : BSF troops of 04 Bn patrolling in the border area of ​​East Khasi Hills today seized 25 cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The State Police with the assistance of Directorate of Health Services has been opening temporary vaccination sites in various police units, in order to provide spot registration and vaccination to its officials who have been categorized as frontline workers.
The residents of Pynursla, on learning of the incident, rushed to the ground to see the helicopter, the report said.
If they can score, they will qualify for the final against India.
It is a species of sohmyndong commonly found in Khasi-Jaintia and other hilly areas of India, as well as in the northern areas such as Agra and Farrukhabad in the United Provinces.
Shillong, March 27: “Many times we put the wealth of the world first, but we forget God which is against the laws of God,” said Archbishop Rev Fr Dominic Jala during Mass. The 75th Platinum Jubilee of the Catholic Church of Mawlai Parish, which has been celebrated for 10 years, today.
He also said that Aadhar has nothing to do with faith.
Pyndap said that if Paul wins as MP from Shillong West constituency, the Congress will win.
A case has been registered at Umiam Police Station and charged under Sections 190/341, 323/353 and 506 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Indeed, in our own communities where we live and work, we struggle to live and have a full and prosperous life.
If it's anyone else, who will be responsible? The truth is the truth, but to reach the end of your religion, you will be happy.
“It took us about 5 hours to reach our destination which is only about 20 km away. “The people who carry Mohkhiew, so that they can drive the vehicle and also to improve the areas where vehicles cannot pass,” said the rangbah.
Bah Passah reminded that the purpose of the MLA scheme is to provide for the needs of the villages, to carry out development works for the benefit of the people and to eliminate discrimination in the development of the villages. economic development and should not promote political interests as has been done in Meghalaya.
“Recruitment delays have burdened nurses’ workloads.
Later, with the hard work and support of Mrs. Isawanda Laloo, Director Sports and Youth Affairs, the tournament was a success.
Secretary (8787333937) and Kong Sumar Selon K.Khonglah, Jt.
Meanwhile, Japanese defense officials said the missile could not reach parts of North Japan.
In a written statement, Nongrum said he agreed with the Symbud Myntri, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who yesterday said that the land will not be given to a family of 342 members.
Mr. Gino Synnah Village Head of Saphai
Speaking to reporters, they said that the allegation that these three village leaders have broken into their houses and threatened them is baseless but true. only a false complaint.
Bah Nongsiej said that the opening of this project to the public on this day, will also open the door for other fish farmers and traders, to develop their fish farming and sale in the country. In the coming days, through the increase in the number of beneficiaries of this scheme by the State Fisheries Department.
On the other hand, the CM hoped that this two-day meeting will open the door for the farmers to discuss many issues and take steps to improve the quality of farming. you don't cultivate through the experimentation of old farming methods.
“I have asked the Congress leaders here whether the house collapsed itself or someone collapsed it, because I suspect they collapsed it so that someone else could build it again and get money,” he said.
By introducing three new criminal laws, the workshop has provided assistance in many areas related to scientific matters relating to the prosecution of victims' rights and ensured smooth running. walk according to the law.
The program was conducted by Ilasiewdor Gashnga who is in charge of training at SURE. The trainees who attended the training were youths from neighboring villages like Amlari, Jong u chen, Amjalong. , Nongtalang as well as the villages under the Syndai such as the Village Headquarters, Mission District and Lyngkot District.
When asked how many candidates the PDF will contest, Banteidor said the party has set a target of 15 to 20 candidates for the 2023 elections.
The Mukhla Dorbar Pyllun together with the office of the Social Forestry Division Jowai has celebrated the Van Mahotsav or Tree Planting Month which is held across the country every first month of November.
“How can the ethnic parties participate in that decision?” said Bah Shibun.
JCB trucks and pick-ups were used to carry soil and stones to clean those parts where there were heavy holes and after this an engine was used. Road Roller to clean these holes that have been filled.
The High Court today, after hearing the case for 10 days, has fixed the hearing for tomorrow and may issue its verdict tomorrow.
This will be the second time that Bah Bonney will contest the election and the first time was in 2008 when he contested the MLA election from Sohiong Constituency from the MDP and received only 182 votes. for 22350 items.
Explaining the statement of the MDCs, CEM of KHADC Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that Special Assistance is not an MDC Scheme and not an SRWP like the MLA Scheme.
In this regard, the Minister said that the FKJGP has informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and the DC has sought clarification from the Eastern Air Command.
Some of them speak English like a moina, others are illiterate and don't know how to read and understand even the budget for the state.
The meeting ended at 10:30 pm and then he walked through the market from the top of the market to Basa Tympew, left for Motphran and then got into his car and drove away. leave the place.
Speaking to media, the party president Shibun Lyngdoh said that although the party has lost in the state, it has won in the urban constituencies.
He also urged the schemes to be directed to the farmers who are entitled to them because sometimes the schemes reach even those who do not know even the plant.
Let the people of the state judge them for their continued protest,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : The State Government has convened the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) next month regarding the blueprint prepared by the Government for the relocation of 342 households from Them Metor. , The Marketplace.
“On my part, as the leader and overseer of the church in Ri Khasi Jaintia, I am deeply saddened by the suspension of the meeting with the Prime Minister,” said Rev. P.K. Hynniewtrep.
In his speech, Conrad Sangma said, “I am proud to say that Wandalin Syiem of the 6th @Meghalaya Police Battalion won the 60kg Women's category and Alan S Marbaniang of @RibhoiPolice was the winner. in the 90kg Men's category at the 72nd All India Police Wrestling Cluster held at Madhuban.
The Information and Broadcasting Department of the Government of India has proposed to introduce the draft Broadcasting Services (Regulation) Bill,
Mukhla MDC Ailad Bhoi on Monday distributed household items to the residents of Mukhla.
On the other hand, the farmers said that they have not received any assistance from the government in terms of increasing their production.
Sputnik Spartans, who came to bat later, scored 132 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 20 overs.
“There has been a change in the education sector in the last 5-6 years with the focus on the decisions taken for the benefit of the children,” he said. On the part of the Government, which is responsible for education, it has been misused in the past, but now we have directed it to improve the facilities in Government schools.
“Because it will lead to more serious consequences, the Forum suggests that the talks with the groups should be called urgently,” said Bah Khongwir. find the right solutions.
“The work has progressed to fill these vacancies and I promise that we are now working to ensure that the examinations and interviews will be held in the near future,” he said.
Nongpoh, Naitung 11: Two civil society organizations from Ri-Bhoi District, the KSU and the FKJGP, have given their full support to the RBYF on the call for a night curfew in Ri-Bhoi District. the two nights, which will start tonight and will be held again tomorrow night, the 12th, according to the schedule.
Furthermore, the VPP would like to thank all the differently abled persons across the Khasi Hills who have given their sincere support.
When the Government of India and the Government of Assam came to power, the rule of law became more difficult because the modern laws did not comply with the traditional Khasi customs and traditions.
In Delhi, the temperature reached 41.5 degrees Celsius and is expected to be colder today, as there is no chance of clouds and rain with a wind speed of 40 degrees Celsius. kilometers per hour.
Shillong: There have been 1,457 cases of COVID-19 in the state so far, most of them are males, the DHS(MI) said.
“Bah Hek has been involved in taking the decision against the CAB, he remembers as a Khasi, not as the BJP, we should unite but there are those who want to fight politics.
However, he said the final decision would depend on the discussions between the State Government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
“We have to answer to the people, there is no point in me sitting here without doing anything,” he said. “I can't say whether it is weak or strong, the people have seen it, I just want to say that if it doesn't work, it shows that the EC has “It's not like that,” said Bah Pyniaid.
In a reminder letter to the CEM, the NCP said that the CEM has not responded to the party even after sending many reminders and this shows that the CEM does not take care of the people's concerns. to get permission from MUDA to build houses and to get water and electricity and others.
According to sources, the dumper truck was registered number ML 05 Q 3966 and was driven by Bah Tyngshaiñborlang Lyngkhoi. The Swift has registration number ML 05 Q 9324 and was driven by Bah Jamesborn P Khongshun.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Congress MDC from Laitumkhrah, Neil Antonio War, on Tuesday praised the NCP MLA for the 19th Shillong South Constituency, Sanbor Shullai, for his efforts in the 19th Shillong South Constituency. He was speaking at a meeting held today at Upper Lumparing where Bah Sanbor Shullai inaugurated the office of the Dorbar Shnong of Upper Lumparing.
They said this after the death of six Assamese at Sarkari near Dienshalalu and Rymbai villages.
Broom Sticks are allowed to be carried by the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai.
These prefixes Nong followed by verbs become nouns that refer to people according to their work.
The training program was inaugurated by Dr.S.Hazarika, Head of Division and Nodal Officer of TSP who also highlighted the importance of Krai farming among the indigenous groups of Meghalaya.
In his speech, the EM said that it is true that the KHADC has already issued an order to immediately suspend the issuance of permits to foreigners to apply for trading licenses. He said that besides sending the order, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, has approved, on 18th July 2014 to a foreigner who has Sujit Singh Saha, resident of Bishop Falls, Mawprem, has been arrested.
Speaking to reporters, the CCIB leaders said that they are not against the signboard but the government should first resolve the border issue.
Finally, as a unique and knowledgeable nation, we should not lose hope but with confidence we will be able to fully implement this KSCLB Act which is like a STIEH to protect the nation. Clean marriage is indeed a threat to our small nation, and if we don't surprise people we will disappear one day.
The 30KW recharge point was inaugurated in the presence of Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper, State Head Retail of BPCL North East, Pankaj Jain, DGM Retail Initiative of BPCL North East. BPCL, Debashish Jain, Territory Manager (Retail) of Shillong BPCL, Indranil Banerjee, owner of the petrol station, Shripal Jain and owner of M/S Bimal Cars Dealers of Tata Motors.
Television newspapers and newspapers have filled their pages with the decision of the BJP meeting held today in Panaji, where Narendra Modi was elected. to be the head of the party's election campaign for the 2014 MP elections.
Up to 600 residents of Khliehtyrshi have registered with the UDP and decided to support Pariat.
Regarding the Namdong PHC, the Sub-Centres, we have met with the Local MLA and the heads of the Department who have promised to take action to improve the needs of the PHC and to upgrade it to the C.H.C. Regarding the C&RD Block Namdong, we spoke to the MLA, who said that the Block Namdong has been on the list but it has not been implemented because the government is still in short supply of funds. , not as reported in the news that it should be opened in 2014-15 but it is just a misunderstanding of the proposal of the Government, and this too has been taken into consideration by the MLA of the area.
Shillong, July 22: While the election date for the new Chief Ministers of the state will be held on the 27th of June, the Ribhoi District Police have conducted raids and searches. Three gold biscuits worth T.30 lakh and illegal kyiad were seized.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Mendipathar Industrial Growth Center has been declared as an Industrial Area in the past years but there has been no development work in the area for many years. spirit until now.
Shillong: The Kisan Morcha of Meghalaya on Tuesday marked the National Farmer's Day 2023 with a program at Liarkhia village in Umroi Constituency in Ri Bhoi District.
He said many villages have joined hands to stop the use of plastic and he hopes that with the cooperation of the people they can bring about change in the society to protect the environment and all living things.
It is to be recalled that the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit under the leadership of Samla Ohibait Dkhar, Vice President has already met with Thombor Shiwat, CEM on this issue and he has promised to do so.
Paiem Arunken Syiem said that this ritual is to thank the Creator for the first harvest.
Unquote 371 G is also the same as 371 A. Therefore, if the Sixth Schedule is introduced, it will be like putting two candidates in the same household, because the same subjects are in the same person.
“We will write a request to all the MDA allies including the NPP, PDF, HSPDP on this decision of the UDP and if it is as proposed by the UDP, it will release the statement to the people to accuse them of collaborating with the news. “They don't understand because they don't need this government to avoid being criticized by the people,” he said.
This statement was sent by Bah PL Majaw, President of Jaintia Youth Federation (CB) and Bah RN Parien, President of Jaintia Youth Federation (CB).
Regarding the protest in Delhi organized by the National Federation of New State (NFNS), the leaders said that as the protest will start on the 14th, other groups They have been leaving by train from today.
The police started making up another story where the CCTV cameras that were deleted were seized," he confirmed, according to a source.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam M.Syiem, has appointed the Lyngdoh of the Raid Bhoilasa without the consent of the Kur Lyngdoh and the Raid Dorbar. The Hima Mylliem has lodged a complaint against the Hima Mylliem to the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of KHADC and in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem. There is nothing wrong with this violation of customs and traditions in the Raid Bhoilasa.
“We raided his residence in Shillong, Bhoi but could not find him and we went to Guwahati where it is suspected that he has fled and now we have asked for help from the Assam police to arrest this MLA. “If you have lodged a complaint against the child,” said Bah Vivek.
Shillong: Out of the 104 new cases, 61 cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills, 46 cases from High Risk Contacts, 7 cases from Jail Road Cluster and 4 cases from Rynjah. Cluster with 2 members of the Golflink Cluster.
Lyngkhei, Kharwanniang and Kinglieh, he said.
You have a lot of wisdom, a little strength.
Shillong: Congress MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh has expressed her regret over the silence of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on the 10-day strike of commercial vehicle drivers.
Under – 17 Years (Girls) born on or after 1 January
On the 27th before leaving your home devote yourself to prayer, ask God for light to guide you towards the goal of desire for Five years and even beyond.
Therefore, as a nation we need to have a vision in our present age, so that we can do something to provide a safe future for those to come.
“From the wisdom of the party, we will take the best, without offending anyone, also because we want to put the party first and win the seat not only from Nongkrem. , but not all Constituencies"
But only those who survive the second death after the end of the 1,000 years will be able to live forever with God in the new Jerusalem.
The Khasi man is only the guardian of the clan, although he has the title of Rangbah or KHAD AR BOR, but once the woman has made a mistake in choosing her own husband. ), the household will be destroyed.
“The case related to the rights of citizens by our people is still pending in the court, where the efforts are continuing by the Meghalaya government, the Harijan Panchayat Committee. together with other groups involved in solving this problem.
“The people of the country have already decided to elect the NDA government for the third time,” he said.
The reporter was in the area for some time and visited other rooms of the EMs. However, what was found was that there were no people in the rooms of the EMs of KHADC. Albinus Lyngdoh, who entered and left his office.
Even now, there are only a few elderly people, only a few old people, many young people and the party is ready to gather young people.
Peter SDkhar, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, has been arrested.
We are concerned about the wishes of the people of our state,” said Bah Hek.
He said that his goal is to eradicate the evil deeds such as drug abuse which occur every day which has deteriorated the image of the state every day.
Nongstoiñ: Nongrim Hills SSCC has qualified for the second round of the Pre Quarter Final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament 2018, organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club. .
Unfortunately, many of our communities are controlled by attitudes that keep them away from voluntary blood donation.
Shillong: Trinamool Congress leader Mukul Sangma has decided to join the BJP along with four MLAs of the party. Charles Pyngrope, who is also the President of the party, in the state.
In the final match between NYRO Nongjri Mission and Dinova FC Marngar, both the teams showed their skills to win the title. NYRO Nongjri Mission beat Dinova FC Marngar 3-1 to win the title.
I'm from Mr. Wellborn Lywait.
The authorities have arrested the policeman who was suspected of involvement in the shooting of the child for further investigation.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 20: Rishababiang L.Nonglait has received her Doctor of Philosophy degree (Ph.D.
“We should not take life because we cannot give life, therefore if you take life, you have to face punishment, we demand that those who took Che's life should get it. Rangbah, D.War, FKJGP leader who conducted the meeting, said.
It was complained that there were up to 15,000 withdrawals from the bank from 3 pm to 10 pm on 11th July 2018 and out of this amount, T.80.5 crore was withdrawn from the bank. 14,849 times and Rs 13.92 crore was stolen in a SWIFT transaction.
Garod Deputy Commissioner LSN Dykes said they have to confirm the allegation that Assam continues to build a police station in Saba.
Samuel Jyrwa Chairman NESO said Rahul also promised that he will never allow the culture, language and identity of the people of the North East to be lost. It will not allow the violation of the Assam Accord.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) together with the NEHU Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Vice Chancellor of the University of Meghalaya to seek a reply. On the 19th of March, the interview was held in Guwahati, instead of in Shillong, which is the headquarters of NEHU, but in Guwahati.
The CEM of KHADC's praise to the central government came in conflict with the remarks of the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma who criticized the central government in a speech to reporters yesterday.
According to the Minister, the HNLC has raised some issues and it is up to the government to consider them, but he did not say what issues the HNLC has raised for discussion especially. in the central government because some are not in the jurisdiction of the state government.
The funeral for Mandela will be held according to Western customs and in the same way, according to the beliefs of the people in his village, Thembu.
The BJP and the Central Government have understood the concerns of the people and will not hesitate to announce the price hike of LPG.
Other speakers included Mr. P Nongrang, Mr. Y Jyrwa, Mr. Marit Tes, Mr. Bansharai, Mr. Belan Nongbri, Mr. PDF President and others.
“I am not a male or female MLA but I am your MLA and I will work hard and show better work than the man you sent to Delhi.
All shops as well as the entire market have been closed until the cleaning is completed.
She said that the incident started on the 20th of this month when Charming demanded money from Umshyrpi.
One of them is the close relationship between the NPP and the BJP.
Not only that, the candidates were also in a hurry to read and count carefully from which constituency (Kyntoit) and from which party or to contest as independents.
“I cannot explain in detail on this issue as I don't have enough information but at this time I can only explain why the NPP supporters stand on one side with the MDA 2.0 Government under the leadership. of our Prime Minister," she added.
In fact, this disease is an animal disease caused by a virus called SAR COV-2
“We also encourage the EC as a whole and especially the Executive Member of Trade Bah Latiplang Kharkongor who has fulfilled his duties properly.
On the other hand, after a meeting with the party leaders, they were able to reach an agreement by mutual understanding and mutual respect to reach an agreement after the dispute.
In the boys' category, West Jaintia Hills beat East Garo Hills 8-0
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills together with Magistrates have seized 15 illegal coal trucks without proper documents.
He said that the incident did not happen within the border of Assam or in the disputed areas but inside the village which is still under Meghalaya.
For this reason, he said, many new Block Offices, new civil sub-divisions have been opened in every place so that the people can get the benefits faster and better.
Shagun Singh and Shristi Singh won the women's and girls' doubles.
The committee was led by the Chairman of Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum and Jowai MLA Wailadmiki. Shylla, Selsella MLA Arbinstone B. Marak and Ampati MLA Miani D Shira.
After that, he served as Procurator of Oriental Theological College, Mawlai for 3 years.
Requirements, Entry fee Rs.3000/-, Affiliation fee Rs.1000/- c) Registration fee of players Rs.50/- each and requires, to have 20 players, from one team and for more details please contact face to face with the undersigned.
“After the media appearance, I have summoned the Head Officers of various departments and directed them to inspect and investigate the complaints of the JNV students especially on the availability of food. The DC, who is also the Chairman of JNV, Niangbari, told this reporter.
In a statement sent by the HYC leader from the area, it said that the statement of the MLA Mawhati, shows that he has no knowledge of the problems faced by the people living in the area. -2 in Raid Nongtung and 2 in Mawhati Constituency.
She said that her visit to Shillong was to promote the DJ industry but when she arrived in Shillong there were many Self Certified DJs which were not in Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today directed all States/UTs to direct the printers and publishers of political information including hoarding, in order to have transparency in the spending of funds on training activities for the electorate.
However, it will take up to seven years to implement the Act while the parties in the INDIA coalition want it to be implemented immediately.
If you live your righteousness, you will receive your blessings even while you are alive or even after you are gone from this world.
There are many wooden houses in Shillong which have been used as Government officers and there are also residences of officials as well as private houses.
“Therefore, there are no functioning gates in Meghalaya because according to the MRSS Act 2016 there is no provision to empower the State Government to set up gates.
When asked how they feel that the Syiem and his members have arrived today after the 7th of June.
Therefore, it is difficult for the PHE department to allocate all the villages which do not receive funds from the JJM,” he said.
He said that this incident has happened this year.
“If peace means that we have to stand in the middle of injustice, we don't want that either because the peace of the living is different from the peace of the dead,” said the HNLC. , West Jaintia Hills District, that three Khasi have died after being shot dead by the Assam Police. , said that even the NH-6, which is the most important road in the Northeast, has been closed, as all vehicles from Assam have not been allowed to enter Shillong and those who have been blocked in Answer.
They turn the jelly as they want in all the works for the development of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Makrisha Songthiang scored two goals in the 3rd and 47th minutes, while Napaleroiki Lytan (29'), Aibaplielad Skhemiew (31'), Charlinda Nongtdu ( 66'), Ideibanri Kharpan (68') and Baiahun L Nongbri (70').
In Taekwondo, 11 women and 9 women.
"We have done it in the first election and we hope that if the people give another chance and give their full support to the NPP, we will be able to resolve this issue in the coming elections," don't add.
Speaking to media, the CEC said that there are 96.8 crore eligible voters for MPs, of whom 49.7 crore are males and 47.1 crore are females.
This year, the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Association (TVWPA) has decided to hold the festival on the 7th-8th November at Tyrso Square from 7 pm to 4 pm.
Passah said the issue has been delayed too long and the amendment of the two-page policy should not be delayed.
What the government should do is to help the farmers until they can stand on their own feet and become the breadwinners of others.
Behind all this, there is his wife, Sonam.
Let us look at the Sport Policy of our state is still on paper although it has been approved since a few years ago but we should thank the former government for trying to improve it by giving money. and to start awarding scholarships to students who have represented the state in sports and even if what they have done is not great.
Nongstoin, March 01: Two cows have died on Friday morning when they were electrocuted by the main line from Mawkwah village and connecting Nonglwai-Nongkhlaw. The incident happened at Mawpyor village which falls under Nongstoin village, which is also adjacent to Mawkawah village.
The meeting was concluded at Mawkynrew village in the presence of hundreds of supporters.
“The contestants will come from all over the country like Mizoram, Manipur, Assam, Tripura, Delhi, Bangalore and Mumbai,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The Government of Meghalaya on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming has been implemented in the Legislative Assembly. The Act and Rules 2021 ensures that this place will be open not only to the residents of the State but only to foreigners and foreigners who wish to play when they come or need it. to this state.
He said that the establishment of units of the Seng across the country and abroad is not only to increase the number of units, but also to produce young people who will serve the nation and especially to protect the people. the danger to the country and the nation as a whole.
The society has received the award as one of the best designs on 27th November 2023 which is also the celebration of World Tourism Day held at the State Convention Center in Shillong. .
(Exodus 33:23) When God introduced Himself to Moses, He said, “I AM WHO I AM” “This is my name FOREVER” (Exodus 3:15-16).
Sambit Patra said the joining of these four MLAs to the BJP will accelerate the development of Meghalaya and the North East.
The Chief Minister has held talks with the District Magistrates of more than 40 districts in Jharkhand, Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Maharashtra, Meghalaya and other states and districts which have not completed the issuance of tickets. explained the problems they faced in their districts, which led to the lack of vaccination.
Within this 1st July (Qualifying date) if anyone wishes to amend, or if anyone wishes to register, if there is any complaint regarding the registration, they can apply. on or before 8th November 2022, or can appear at the office of the Electoral Registration Officer of the 5th Sutnga Saipung (ST) Assembly Constituency and the 6th Khliehriat Constituency. , or to meet the Booth Level Officers at the polling stations, or to deliver through the post office to the office of the Electoral Registration Officer on or before that date.
Recently, a new village called Twah Sohkyrkhah Nongtrai was established in Kyrdemkulai area on 2nd November.
On that day, an attempt was made to cross the river from further down the valley but it was impossible to cross the river due to the high water and the strong current.
But for the safety of you and your family, I have to say that you should have written a complaint to the police about the rumor that you know everything coming from the house that hates you..." La “How Sir, ...?" “Yes, do that...” The lawyer said again, “To Sir, I will do that...” Bah Shanbor agreed.
“From a small post of Treasurer, I became the Working President and now I am here to take over this post and I am the son of a farmer and I am here, and it is from the Congress party,” he said.
The meeting also decided to hold a public meeting on the 30th of this month at 11 am at Laitryngew, and at that public meeting there will be a flag raising ceremony as a sign of strong opposition to the decision. The NGT has affected the income and livelihood of the people of Sohra area.
Royal CC scored 213 runs for seven wickets in 42.1 overs.
The Speaker stressed on the need for consistency in the goals of the various constituencies and the unity of the country and said that these two are essential for the strengthening of democracy.
This was the judgment upon the children of Israel in the days of the prophet Haggai, who was a prophet at the time of the building of the Second Temple in Jerusalem.
The opening of the Prebytery building is after more than 12 years of construction.
These will be only taxis and auto rickshaws and will operate from 6 pm to 6 pm.
Where shall I go? How does the Government of Meghalaya do it? Is the demand to make Tura the second capital of the state justified? If it is made a city, will development come? Do you need to become a city in order for the government to bring about development? If there is no city, the government will not fulfill its duty to develop all the areas and villages of the state. The Central Government to replace the capital of the country every month so that others can have the same facilities as New Delhi – Rashtrapati Bhavan, Parliament, North Block, South Block, and other buildings – besides roads. Metro Railway will carry passengers around the city.
Bah Ronnie suggested to the Government that while it cannot complete the construction of the road in Upper Shillong, the Government can build the village roads to connect Upper Shillong and Lawsohtun and that it can also build roads through Mawkor and Umlyngka to relieve traffic jam.
The price of sand does not fall or keep increasing from time to time.
Therefore, this sudden sentence has killed the youth and their families who have to support themselves with this income.
The five-day Meghalaya Games 2024 will start on the 15th and end on the 20th July.
Sahanu Lyngdih 25' and Baiahunlang Dhar (own goal) 47' scored the second goal. In another Super Division match, Mukhla Raij beat Shangpung Lumiawmuchai 2-0
Danny M.Khyrïem reminded that the KSU Sengkmie has recently launched the Maitshaphrang Khasi League 2020 Cricket Tournament. .
In this regard, the government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners and Sub-Divisional Officers to invite the public to attend the celebration.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front Women Wings (NYFWW) has closed the door after receiving clarifications from the District Court and the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. The Seng does not allow such violence against the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep and if there are any foreigners who commit illegal acts, the Seng will take responsibility.
Conservation of groundwater and water resources is essential for the sustainability of household service delivery in rural areas.
The training was on Menstrual Health to encourage women from children to youth.
Meanwhile, the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has imposed Section 144CrPC which prohibits any person from carrying more than T.50,000 in these constituencies.
How can we understand your meaning?
However, Bah Nongspung said that the Karbi, who were angry over the shooting of one of them, tried to go to Khanduli but were blocked by the Assam police patrolling at Khanduli.
During the raid, 27 drug dealers were arrested and some of them were investigated under Rynjah PS CNo 117(7)22u/s 454/380 IPC. and one who was admitted to the Civil Hospital Covid ward on 6th July
We would like to thank all the groups and individuals from the Dorbar Trai Ri, Sengbhalang, religious groups and all those who have helped the victims.
Speaking to reporters, Sister Delina Lyngdoh of the Mission, said that the demand is to The Government should enact laws to improve the welfare of domestic workers, to invest in those domestic workers who are genuinely employed and to implement the Urban Employment Scheme.
Out of these three places, 173 people have been tested negative for COVID-19, starting yesterday at Bhoirymbong.
The Procession was enriched by the active participation of the faithful through prayers, songs of praise in various ways to Jesus Christ in the Holy Eucharist and also through the participation of The Don Bosco Band and Savio Juniorate, as well as the children dressed in white, the Lyngdoh Sohblei, also performed. , religious leaders, the Chief Justice of Shillong, the Archbishop of Shillong, Rev Dominic Jala SDB, DD, and others.
The basketball tournament will be held on the 13th October from 9 pm and the basketball tournament will be held from 15-17 October. T.5,000/- and the runners-up will receive a cash prize of T.3,000/- while in the Basketball tournament, the winners will receive a cash prize of T.10,000/- and the runners-up will receive a cash prize of T.10,000/-. The prize money is T.7,000/-.
“There was a special meeting on July 15 called by the Acting Lyngdoh and it was found that the Hima does not have a bank account and does not have any accounts,” said Lemberkutstep.
The Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma on July 1, 2013, said that the headmasters of various schools in the state have requested the education department not to be ready to implement the The National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 will be implemented from this year.
The districts to be affected by the internet shutdown include West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
Voting will be held from 8 am to 5 pm.
The Aadhaar card has been designed to fulfill the purpose of Digital India, and soon anyone who does not have Aadhaar will no longer be able to sell, buy and travel because we are all governed by Aadhaar.
The heroin weighed about 14 kilos and was worth about Rs 98 crore.
And such leaders whom we expect to speak for the voice of the people in the Legislative Assembly, but they are the ones who intimidate and confuse the people with their talk to get politicians not because they feel The people of the state should not be afraid.
To reach the valley, you have to walk about 10 kilometers from Sohtyngkhur village and it is not a steep place to reach the valley.
“I request the government under your leadership to refrain from using the Polo Stadium by holding events such as Meghalaya Day, Republic Day, Independence Day and other government festivals. “The ground has been affected and this has affected the football players in the state,” said Sunn.
“Last night, I spoke to the Chief Minister of Assam and he promised me that he will issue a directive to the Superintendent of Police and the District Police to ensure that such incidents should not happen again. he said while talking to reporters.
Therefore, regarding this incident, he said that the party will soon submit a petition to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, which is a demand that the party demands that Health centers should not exclude the public who have emergency medical treatment especially in any hospital in the state.
The five members include Bah John F Kharshiing (Vice-President of the National Rifle Association of India), Paia B War Nongbri (Vice-President of the Archery Federation of India), Finely L Pariat (Association Vice-President of the Archery Federation of India). Athletics Federation of India), Larry Kharpran (Joint Secretary Boxing Federation of India), Pynbianglang Laloo (Executive Member Badminton Association of India), Donny Ranee (Executive Member Wushu Association of India), Gaurav Bajaj (Member the Governing Council of the Indian Golf Union) and Bah Neil Sootinck (Member of the Governing Body of the National Rifle Association of India).
“The Congress and other foreign forces have spread false information on the CAB,” BJP National Secretary Rahul Sinha told reporters here today.
Since Jesus (the Son) ascended to heaven until now, it is the Holy Spirit who speaks to the hearts of men to renew human life here on earth.
The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (ASA) through the President of AMSSASTA, Bah L. Marngar has announced to hold a sit-in on the 5th of this month at the Addll.
EJNC Khliehmyntriang President Lektor Dkhar said that the household chores have turned into a robbery and can lead to robbery.
I remember a teacher who passed B.A. in 1963, who taught in an Upper Primary School Adhoc.
She won the gold medal in the XCO Women Open Category/Mass Star at the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 which was held in Tura West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung, 01: The Meghalaya High Court has directed the State Government to implement ropeways and other transportation measures to reduce traffic jam.
The public also has the right to hear and listen to the statements of principles and ideas of parties and candidates.
Speaking on the AHRC, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said that the staff of the center should also follow up closely in order to solve the problems. of the youth and the ability to follow and be able to work is the goal of this Center which has been set up in this school.
He also ignored the useful comments he has received from time to time from the TMC led by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
In one of the largest drug seizures in the state, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) of the Union Government on July 8, 2023 seized 3.99 kilos of heroin from a vehicle at Mawryngkneng, East Khasi Hills.
Mankind is an important creature that destroys the environment.
The Fete Committee of Demthring Presbyterian Secondary School, West Jaintia Hills on 20th October, 2024 has released the lucky draw tickets for the purpose of raising funds for the completion of the school buildings.
1) Conrad wants the NPP Minister of State to be one of the 300 members of the BJP. He has ordered the Bill to be passed into the Act in Winter.
The union also alleged that for more than three years, Pa'iem Kynsai N Syiem has been appointed as the Acting Syiem, but he has never held a single Dorbar Pyllun, where the children of thousands of Hima can meet. explain its statistics or income.
The Deputy CEO of TTAADC, promised to release the documents related to the land of the Khasi and said that the Khasi-Pnars should also come to the TTAADC to discuss and get their rights. education, employment for the youth and the benefits that the villages should receive.
Shillong, Lber, 14: A group of seven members of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress Singh, former Chairman 1 Singh and former Chairman 1dent Bah Adrian Chyne Mylliem have staged a protest across the state against the the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act,
The distribution of rice and dai was completed on Thursday and the distribution was completed in two villages, Ksehrynshang and Namdong B. Before the distribution of rice, a short meeting was held by Waheh. Malvi Timung and Waheh Shnong of Namdong-B Bah Andrias Sumer in the presence of President Paila Lyngkot, Secretary Phin Phin Shnong. and executive members of the organization.
It was seen on YouTube channels that Palestinians carried placards with Putin's face and his own.
The opening ceremony of the Annual Sport Meet 2018 was attended by Bah VS Nongbet (DSEO) Ri Bhoi, the school principals, teachers, parents, students and others. former students of the school.
However, there has been no renewal of the letter till date which means that the Land Transfer Act has not been implemented.
SP SWKLH Herbert G Lyngdoh said that the three persons were arrested this morning from a Scorpio (AS 01 BL 1962) driven by Jakir Hussain. Nadir Hussain and Fariz Uddin.
Dr Glen C Kharkongor, retired VC, has been re-appointed as Pro Chancellor of MLCU. He encouraged and hoped that the MLCU will continue to provide up-to-date education and help the students to acquire the skills and training that will benefit them. part of their future, and at the same time also to give young people good moral and respectful lessons in life.
Then the seeds are sown and buried in fertile soil.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday demanded that the Meghalaya Police Act should be implemented by the State Government when transferring or replacing Police Officers across the State.
Furthermore, to ensure the smooth running of the Uniform Daju in Iewduh, the Hima Mylliem has laid down rules prohibiting any Daju from carrying goods in Iewduh, whether they are Khasi or foreigners. Those who do not have uniforms and are not registered with the Mylliem Hima office, foreign Daju who have received Labor license must have their license with them.
The Jews said they knew Jesus well, but they did not believe or accept him.
He said that one of the arrested persons was identified as Harlon Disiar, 44, of Mawlai Wahumkhrah, Shillong and handed over to Lumdiengjri Police Station. PS.Shillong: Two persons have died in a landslide on the 4th of this month at 3:30 pm.
Niaw Wasa and Mulait United have nine points each; Mulait United are in third place.
Musk visited the Giga factory in Berlin and during the visit, a journalist asked his son how he was doing.
Shillong: The State Bank of India (SBA) today awarded 41 students who have excelled in their MBOSE, CBSE and ICSE examinations. Board Examination, which was held at Poinisuk Hotel.
Speaking at the confirmation meeting, Lamphrang said that there are many issues that HANM has taken up from ILP, CAA, border issue and others.
“All the questions have received a positive response.
ISIS militants reportedly hide by surrounding themselves with children, preventing Kurdish troops from recapturing the area.
About 100,000 Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samruddhi Kendra (PMKSK) have been established in the country.
Under-20 Years Girls 100M, 200M, 400M, 800M, 1500M, 5000M, 10000M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put(4.00Kg), Javelin (600 gms), 4x100M &amp; 4x400M Mixed Relays.3.
Kni also said that if you have a way, you can do it.
Now the children can take exams where even if they cannot write, they are written by the writers for them, by explaining what they want to write.
In the first match, Kharumnuid FC beat Riwar United FC. In the first match, Kharumnuid FC beat Riwar United FC. show your own skills to achieve the goal.
Shillong: U Lamphrang Blah, MDC from Mawphlang Diengiei Constituency, today joined the National People's Party (NPP).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Seng Khasi, Bah Banteilang Rumnong, said that since the KHADC joined the Seng, the meeting to promote the writing of customs and traditions has been going well but there are areas where it needs to be addressed. They differ from one place to another, from one family to another, from one place to another.
The Chief Guest Rev.Syiemlieh in his speech urged the students to be successful in their studies and at the same time through such programs it has helped the students to express themselves. They are the ones who have the phong.
Other achievements include the 21km race in Gujarat Jamnagar, the Vishakhapatnam Navy Marathon in 2019 in the 42 km race and the Drass Kargil International Marathon in in the 21km distance and other races in which she came first.
The residents of the village have expressed their strong opposition to the stinginess of the contractor to complete the road as it has put too much trouble on the residents especially in the case of illness. take the patient to the hospital.
He said that many of the delays in the old censuses are due to the lack of proper writing system in which there has been corruption in many ways.
Jowai, Naitung 15: An 18-year-old youth, son of the Dolloi of Nong Khel Elaka, has been stabbed to death by several people from the same area. hi the village in the village.
The match was held at Mawlai Stadium and SAI Centre.
Shillong: The Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Sohra Civil Sub Division, Shillong, has warned the sugarcane traders in the Sohra Sub Division, not to set or hide sugarcane in the market.
Among these 26, one woman was appointed to be trained as a referee.
In fact, such a dorbar should have been held every year since previous years if the government had respected the farmers.
Cardinal Toppo was born on 15th March, 1939 in Jhargaon, Chainpur Parish, Gumla District.
In democracy, a strong or capable ruling party is needed and the opposition, which knows and sees all the shortcomings of khadar rule and India, needs the Congress, as it needs. Therefore, for the sake of the value and power of democracy, it is up to the Congress to prepare itself urgently for the elections in Bihar, West Bengal, Assam and others. come.
On the occasion, they also exchanged views and gave special trainings on Career Guidance, one on one session and panel discussion.
If other places are protesting, in the Pynursla area, the police can stop them from understanding with the people in different villages.
Singla said other foreigners were involved in drug trafficking in NCR, Palwal, Nuh, Rajasthan and other districts of Haryana.
The CEM said that if the 125th Constitutional Amendment is implemented in Parliament, there will be seven more constituencies and the task of creating new constituencies is not the responsibility of the Executive Committee but the responsibility of the Executive Committee. of the Delimitation Committee.
There has been a thorough investigation to find out whether Sharma has anything to do with anyone, he said.
On the other hand, Maw U-tieng, Nibari Maring, who were waiting for the goal of the team, managed to save several balls that came into their net, but on the other hand, the goalkeepers did not score. They fought as hard as they could in their attempts but this team could not break or fight against the defenders of Mawlai.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Prestone said that the most important development in life is the road because without adequate road it will be impossible to build a house. “After taking over the government in 2018, our goal is to bring about change. The MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister has been able to invest in the construction of roads since 2018 until now which is not less than 13 lakh roads. thousand crore,” said Prestone.
According to reports in the Indian Express, BJP members who are also MLAs have tried to raise the issue of conversion to Christianity by deceiving the Advasi and Airuh churches. a writing that they may explain in the council the matter of conversion.
Archbishop Dominic Jala is a humble man who loves the village.
“We have received about 30,000 applications for CM-Elevate within two months.
When the Rangbah Shnong and the other man entered, they read the inscription in clear and beautiful letters.
These food items distributed by SBYWA include rice, dai and umphiang food to 54 poor families in four villages including Lama, Natbor, Borkhat and also in Kwator, border villages. India Bangladesh.
A social memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed at the end of July and the decision was sent to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah. Conrad Sangma Regarding the Bakhalapara and Ranibari areas, he did not explain.
Therefore, in order for MCCL to reopen perhaps in collaboration with BCPL, the management should completely change the working methods and should not appoint too many employees but as much as possible to complete the work so that it shall no longer be a factory of promise.
Besides, he said that although many critics, but do not understand the work when they have not experienced, but he is happy that in the midst of the work all the MDCs are in good health.
“This is the goal of the Nagas to get land, according to the plan of Greater Nagalim, by entering the land of Assam and this is through the order of U.S. Naga. Narendra Modi, who promised to build Greater Nagalim.
At the London Olympics 2012, she won the bronze medal for the first time in the Olympics and the first time for India to qualify for the world's biggest sporting event. .
Assam will have more documents and maps than us to own land,” he said.
However, many of the students who have already applied for these posts have said that the examination for these posts has said that when they downloaded to get their admit cards, they found that their names are not there. even if at the time of submitting the online application you have indicated that it is successful.
Deborah said that she had gone to the village in Williamnagar with the Deputy Commissioner and Catholic Church leaders to open a school, but she said that the police had not been able to open a school. She spread false news in the media by claiming that she had gone to meet with the insurgents.
When they saw these households standing idle, they took out their mobile phones to call people but when they wanted to call there was no network except for the newly launched Jio.
The song from the film Naatu Naatu won an Academy Award in July and also an Oscars.
No.114 Song 'Plie Seng' – This song invites you to come to the Seng Khasi to live in 'the world of the sun' – that is, to live in your own humanity, as a Khasi-Khara, God.
A pastor in Ri Lyngngam Presbytery who doesn't have a church name anywhere else called me and said, “Those righteous pastors who have persecuted me don't die anymore. coronavirus.
Khan is a close friend of Banteidor Lyngdoh, also known as Bah Paidang, who contested the MLA election from this constituency but was defeated by Bah Paidang. UDP candidate and incumbent MLA and MDC of Mawkynrew, Bah Remington Pyngrope.
There are 31 Non-Faculty Posts in Group-A.
The fourth phase is to clean the water from the Pump House.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Bah Madonbai Rymbai today said that the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage (Second Amendment) Bill (KHADC) is not yet complete and is still incomplete.
She also alleged that the corruption in the appointment of Asst.Teachers in government schools is due to the fact that the education department does not have proper recruitment rules.
The thieves also reportedly broke into the ATM machines with gas knives.
Although we have a desire to serve the people, we can help the people in many ways,” he added.
Kharlyngdoh said that during the meeting with the Officer-in-Charge of Mawlai Police Station, they were ordered to meet with the Sardar Police Station. Mawlai Police Station as this case falls under the jurisdiction of Mawlai Police Station.
If the Congress party suddenly comes together to form a government, it is not understood that it is necessary to synrop with other parties.
These shops were owned by Baiahunlang Marwein of Mawthengkut, Rishai Lyngkhoi Pormawthaw, Piolinda Langrin of Janepieh, Abajop Shangpliang of Janepih, Kerry Diengngan of Nongryngkew, Arquis B. Rynniaw of Riangdo. Clincy Wanniang of Riangdo, Khos Paliar of Janepih, Rebecca Dkhar of Riangdo, Lida Mary Rynniaw of Nongryngkew and shopkeeper of Lakyntiew Synshiang.
When contacted by this reporter, some of the people who came to watch the film today said that it is a very beautiful Khasi film.
We want the people who will work to be transparent and smooth and there is a need for reforms in the working of the MPSC,” he said.
He was surprised at the law implemented by the Meghalaya government because in Assam, the government has imposed only 50 meters but in Meghalaya they have imposed up to 200 meters.
Shopkeepers are no longer able to get to their jobs on time and this has led to a decline in income and the income of the state as a whole.
Therefore, in order to make it clear that we all know, I would like and demand that the MDA Government in Meghalaya should explain to the public about this and provide with sufficient evidence to protect itself.
Therefore, the government will have to recruit more people especially government employees to manage these requirements around the Polling Stations especially in the registration and linking of EPIC and Aadhaar Number as directed by the Election Commission of the country. India.
The match on Thursday will be between PFR FT Academy and Mylliem Grass Root at 4:15 pm.
She said that as a woman police chief, she will ensure that women and women are safe.
“If the government wants, there is no problem to do so and those criteria can be fulfilled later.
The HYC Tyngjor Area Unit was led by Samla Victor Kharsyiemlieh and others and the HYC Nongsohram Unit was led by Samla Kalbert Samakha and others with 70 members from these two units.
Mawryngkneng does not have a BDO, while Mylliem and Mawlai C&RD Block have only one officer.
Therefore, please use them properly to ensure that they get the benefits"
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday distributed food aid to the residents of the villages affected by the COVID-19 lockdown and people with disabilities.
“However, if we look at the Lokayukta Act, it states that officers who are still working should be appointed and the government is doing that now,” he added.
After this, the army has also closed the footpath from Anjalee to Khyndailad.
However, the Rangbah Shnong said that one of the members of the group has not received his VISA and they cannot come on that day, so the program has been postponed.
“However, the failure to grant permission to implement the ILP till date shows that the CM does not recognize the legislative status of our Assembly and this should shock the government. “The state has not passed a law to protect us from the CAA,” she said.
Think about it, in the past decades: How many Khasi have run shops? If it had been there, the Khasi brothers of that time would not have gone to the Khasi shop to buy Shñiuh for fear of being banned Thlen!! If you have many Khasi shops especially in places where there are no Dykhars like Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin, etc.
Bah Watson Kharkrang – President UDP YW Umsning Circle
The man is between 30 and 40 years old.
Therefore, the time demands that the political parties, the rulers at various levels in society should examine and analyze what is the reason for the decline and backwardness of the state, in terms of the age of the people. 49% of the population has been below the poverty line (BPL), which has affected the health, development, education and others who have left Meghalaya behind.
“I cannot say when it (peace talks) will start.
We would also like to express our gratitude to the religious groups from different churches who took part in witnessing the Behdeiñkhlam.
In the last over of the match, Ri Bhoi needed only nine runs to win but with the loss of two wickets in the ball of Neelam, Ri Bhoi stopped. not only in the score of 155/8
After Joycy has done this job, she has been able to inspire many other women drivers.
Besides the inclusion of Municipal Councils and Village Councils in the Sixth Schedule, it was also made clear that the members of these councils and even the members of the District Council should be elected through an election called Adult Suffrage.
On the same day, Bah Carnes Sohshang also inaugurated a building of the Sakwang Presbyterian Church which has been completed at a cost of T.3 lakh with the assistance of the Church. Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for the year 2019-2020 in which the construction of this amazing house which is to preserve according to the heritage of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which they used according to the time of ancient times.
In 1973, the names of the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District and the Jowai Autonomous District were changed and one was known as the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the other was known as the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. .DCA.31/72/11 Dated the 14th June 1973 published in the Gazette of Meghalaya part VA, june 23, 1973, p 200.
He alleged that the visitor had instigated hatred against the CMJ University, which is also a personal hatred of CM Jha as Chancellor.
Babur attended the ceremony at Nizamuddin Markaz in Delhi in early October and returned on 20th October
Khliehriat, the headquarters of East Jaintia Hills District, now has a 100-bed CHC and the government has tried to find land to build a fully functional Civil Hospital.
Home Minister Amit Shah held talks with the Chief Ministers of Assam and Mizoram this evening to discuss the dispute between the two states.
The trucks carrying the goods for use in the dewbilat factories were found to have been spread from time to time along the highway before reaching the Hynniewmer Weighbridge.
It is worth mentioning here that this school was established for the low income.
Look, once they win, no doubt the MLAs and the party that wins will not count people anymore or will not care about their own supporters but without doubt they will convince and encourage the supporters to join the party. they didn't get a government.
According to information received, MeCEL has been able to distribute electricity to the people from nine projects including Sunapani which produces 1.50 MW, Umiam Stage-I HEP (36.00 MW), Umiam Stage-II HEP. (20.00 MW), Umiam Stage-III HEP (60.00 MW), Umiam Stage-IV HEP (60.00 MW), Umtru HEP (11.20 MW), Myntdu-Leshka HEP (126.00 MW).
According to witnesses, about 400 people have been killed in the fighting.
Shillong: U James Sylliang MDC Mawhati, on Tuesday said that he will not be able to take over the EM seat after Pynshngain has re-inserted his name instead of Don Sumer and Antonio War. He said that he will stand firm on the T.28 crore which he has already mentioned earlier and he will be in the opposition to remove the CEM from Bah Pynshngain.
According to a statement issued by the General Secretary, Bah A.Khyriem, the closing date for receipt of applications will be on the 14th July.
“I have already sent a proposal of T.86 crore to the state government for the renovation of this road which is important in this constituency,” Suin told reporters.
Although the drivers of commercial vehicles have just been able to leave their homes to drive after the lockdown and restrictions imposed by the State Government due to the spread of Covid-19 in the State.
Speaking to reporters, Roykupar Synrem said that members of the HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle on 24th June 2024, lodged a complaint at Pynursla Police Station against the vehicles carrying them. The second OC, Lamphrang Khonglam, threw a bomb at the police station and tied him until he entered the gate.
Nadda said the party has included the issue of youth employment as one of the issues it will look into and the party will set up the Meghalaya Combined Recruitment Commission to expedite the employment in government departments.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli is against the installation of a revenue collection gate by the KAAC within the boundary of Khanduli.
Thousands of farmers from all over the villages in the presence of Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra, officers including Kong R Majaw, Director, The Office Order, Village Leaders, Leaders of various Farmers' Unions including the JAC Ri Lum Farmers' Grievances and Redressal Forum.
There are many children who suffer from cold and flu during the change of season.
"Then I'll go first," said the friend and left immediately. The rainy season had passed and the rainy season had come.
The East Jaintia Hills District Police Department, as well as the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District, have urged the public to pass through the National Highway-6 from East Jaintia Hills District, especially The Narpuh area has urged the drivers not to drive too fast.
Those who live near the sea should be quick to help and rescue people when they are shipwrecked and to bury those who find themselves in shipwreck. Bri u Hynniewtrep, we should know the history of Britain in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Announcing this on Tuesday, Bah Samkhamti Diengdoh, Director of the tournament, said that the purpose of the tournament is only for the Pynthorumkhrah Constituency to develop the youth football players and so that they can prepare for the tournament. The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has announced that it will play in the Fourth Division, Third Division and Second Division.
Thousands of people came to witness the performance in traditional costumes.
He said the people will judge the performance of Pala in the past 15 years.
“Who doesn't want cleanliness, we all want to be a clean Polo, the river too,” said the shopkeeper.
Once they were leaders, now they have become auctioneers of the country and the nation.
We know that there are only 4 parts required for government recruitment, namely, to publish advertisements, to fill up application forms, to conduct tests and to select from among the selected candidates.
This project will benefit and at the same time empower women so that they can provide support to their families and communities through their contribution through the implementation of this project. for the development of income in the state as a whole.
He said that the club will try to develop and promote Khasi songs to reach the people who live far from the city and those who live abroad.
As it is now, in India, politics has become divided and apparently politics has become divided.
It is learned that the incident occurred at around 8 pm, when the incident was first discovered by the people who were walking and standing through the area. They immediately informed the Nongpoh Police Station.
SHANIAH HA U MLA: Meanwhile, the leaders and supporters of Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram Constituency, on Friday held a meeting to discuss the process for the election. MLA 2023.
Members of KSU South East Central Circle, Pynursla from 8 Units have elected and appointed the following as the new Leaders of this Circle:-1
At the same time, he encouraged both the teams from the winner and the second team to continue to play in the coming days.
To enter the Open Category, everyone can enter whether they are ST, SC or OBC, but here it is unacceptable that a Khasi with high marks can enter the Open Category. In particular, although the marks were higher than those of the foreigner, it was by this action that these two non-residents were given a place.
Leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Muliang area including Bah B.Nonglang, Bah S.Mawlieh and others, while talking to this reporter, said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Muliang area congratulates The contractor who has constructed this road, for the benefit of the people of the area.
At the same time, he expressed his pride to the Hima Langrin that they have now selected one of the 4th Position students in NEHU in the subject Mathematics. Balasiewdor Nonglang scored 81% and this is indeed a good and proud news that the students from the region have appeared in higher education institutions in the state and India.
At the same time, Bah Sadon said that even the Secretary to the Central Government, AK Mishra, said that the actions committed by the HNLC are not terrible.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Hundreds of mid day meal workers in various schools in Jaintia Hills under the umbrella of the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AWU) have staged a protest. day in Shillong to convey to the Government officials regarding the demand for an increase in the salary.
He said that the village has informed the Mairang Police Station and the police immediately rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation.
“The decision taken at the meeting of the Deputy Commissioners has issued an under standing order that no development work should be banned whether it is from Assam or Meghalaya. the development of the people living in the border areas," he said.
The Constitution of the country, the Supreme Court of the country, has used both 'India' and 'Bharat' in its writings.
Because many people say that in Meghalaya there are not many people who are still living in skum houses or people who don't have food even for a day.
He said he is not afraid, but he will come to support and encourage the UDP candidate. chess is dead and immortal.
Serving our country and nation requires us to do something good for our nation, how to build it in life, dignity, morality, income, prosperity and growth. par for the fit and strength of it in all respects.
Apparently, the working of the office of the Prime Minister of the country, is very quick to respond when receiving any letter from the public or private individuals.
It is to be recalled that the football players left Shillong without any assistance, but only with scholarships from schools and colleges. The HYC Sengkmie, after receiving information on the day before they left the state, joined hands by donating money.
He said that they should also invite others who have not yet joined such government schemes.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the residents said that this is not the first time that the army has done this, but from time to time they have forced the people to plant mawpud in their farmland.
By facilitating and expediting the payment of salaries to ASHA workers is the least we can do to repay them for their dedication and hard work.
From his story and when I understood that this person did not pass through the Screening Center at 13Mer, as soon as I reached Shillong, I was afraid that this foreigner would pass through, I took wai He was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong by a taxi so that they can take all the necessary measures.
On the part of the organizers of this campaign, they wish to work together with all stakeholders in Ïawmusiang such as the office of the DC Jowai, JHADC, Jowai Municipal Board, Dorbar Chnong Tympang Club, Ïawmusiang, the organizers of the three The Seiñ Raid Market, the CNI Chor Market and the Presbyterian Church, Jowai have been invited to join hands for this purpose.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 3: The beautiful tourist attractions in West Khasi Hills have attracted people from all over the country not only from the states of India, but also from abroad.
The late spring is also the time to go to the fields and the happiest thing is the kingdom festival and the dancing in the lympung in bright, new clothes to thank the Creator for the blessings of the Creator. All those who are a sign of welcome to the new year.
Referring to the Congress rule in the state in the past, Hek said that Meghalaya needs adequate economic development, adequate government and only the The BJP is big.
The Seng also demanded that the robbers from Assam should be arrested and punished.
At the same time, Dr Mukul said the Congress party has its own way of running politics, which the party will take into consideration after the investigation.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) on Thursday held a public hearing at Thangskai to seek the approval of the public on the application of TopCem Cement to expand the quarry. led to a show of force between the protesters and the police and, there were also many injured.
Ms Riniki said that the book of poetry 'Brittle' is a collection of short stories in the form of poems related to childhood, home, love, losses and memories and how she deals with difficulties. This is the case with Covid-1
““The HYC feels that this issue should not be delayed.
In 2012, hundreds of teachers were employed, and hundreds of teachers who applied for jobs were not employed. who perceived that they had successfully completed their examination while not being re-employed.
Ma Lakiang said they will follow the example of Umpling Waste Recovery to turn the waste into fertilizer and will discuss this issue again in Jowai to try the Umpling method, which is cheaper and does not require much space.
Don’t silence their protest.
Process T Sawkmie said this at the opening ceremony of the road from Lad Umjajew to the new church of the New Generation Outreach Revival Assembly at Mawlai Nongkwar in the presence of Pastor Batkupar. Dunai, Pastor Cross Marbaniang, Rangbah Dong Bah Swer and other elders along with the women of the village and the church.
According to Bah Nongsiej, the contest will be good because as an MLA he has no doubt that he will reach his goal and also in other places.
The MDA has been the ruling party led by the NPP for the past five years and also this time, with the participation of the UDP, BJP, HSPDP, PDF and independent MLAs.
Robusta coffee also has more roots that grow closer to the soil surface.
The residents of the state are very fond of music and in general they are very fond of taking part in various festivals in the state.
Hopefulness's courage and skills have brought praise from many who have expressed that her courage and bravery has helped to recover the body of Little Star.
School students and residents who were angry over the murder and rape of a school student have rallied at Sohkymphor village, East Jaintia Hills to protest and strongly condemn this crime and demand from the authorities. The law will provide a fair trial for this child on Thursday.
At least seven people were injured while Pakistan Jamaat-e-Ismali (JI) leader Sirajul Gaq escaped death after a suicide bomber attacked him. Thursday in Zhob, Balochistan.
Collin WanñiangIf you have a toothache, feel like everyone has been sick with that tooth! If it happens that the eyes are sick, how much worse is that whole sorrow! Is it not true that all members of the body are made sick by one member? If it happens well, the feeling about the disease is also less, even though the disease is the same.
He said the students have to pass five subjects for 500 marks and this includes English and four others which he has to choose.
Other discussions on the day included how to strengthen the party by starting to reach out to the villages and rural areas of the constituency and that Bah Bobby should prepare himself for this election by Start with your personal appeal to the people of your constituency.
“They include T 8.71 crore worth of drugs worth T.2.62 crore, drugs worth T.33.25 crore and expensive items. worth T.91 lakh and donations worth T.28.69 crore,” he told reporters.
“The presence of RCCs will benefit the villagers because through the RCCs, the people can sell their garbage to the companies that use the garbage,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Phi and Hep, I'm going to smoke.
Road Development PolicyI want to talk about roads.
So far, 22 films will be screened at the festival but two of them will be screened only in Kolkata while 20 films will be screened around the country.
The office of the DSO, South West Khasi Hills District invites all football fans, school children and teachers to witness this tournament so that it will be an inspiration to the football players. part of them.
Hyderabad took the innings and were behind by 279 runs for the loss of two wickets.
With the theme of the G-20 'Recover Together, Recover Stronger' in the International Year of Mining (IYoM) 2023, India is ready to bring health across the world. the world by not being stronger in the transportation of physical goods.
Speaking to media, James said that this is wrong and even he does not know where they got this figure.
What happened in this area of ​​Shillong is that the price of shikhar which was written T.2 tyngka, the vendors there sold it at T.5 tyngka. They said that the price of their purchase from the supermarkets is the same.
He said that this action of the government is like putting petrol on a fire that has not already burned.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills in collaboration with the SDPO, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Officer Incharge, Sohra Police Station, BDO Shella Bholaganj, office officials. The VDP will hold a meeting at the Dorbar Hall on the 3rd November, 2021 at 3 pm to honor and award the members of the VDP under the leadership of the President, Bah Alexson Diengdoh. Secretary Mr. Pynlang Shangpliang.
The incident occurred at 9:45 pm.
He strikes at those who are meant to bring emotion even in death and life.
He said that the party has already met with the people involved in the development of tourism.
Shillong: Sawmer FC beat Nangkiewirat FC 1-0 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at Polo Ground, Shillong.
“We hope that the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma will do something about this,” said Bah Khongjee.
The meeting discussed the holding of the 5th Meghalaya Games (2024) to be held from 15th January to 20th January 2024 in Tura, West Garo Hills District.
A goitre is an abnormal growth of the thyroid gland.
Rupang: Which villages are included in these food assistance or medicines? SA: Food assistance: This assistance includes those households who have contracted COVID-19 in any village. in the Khasi Hills.
In October 2018, incidents occurred at Zophai near Bairabi town on the Mizoram-Assam border, when members of the Mizo Zirlai Paul (MZP) built a shelter there.
They filed a complaint against the police in the Guwahati High Court and two years later (2009) the court acquitted the Nepalese and fined the police according to reports.
Then it was brought to Europe, where it was discovered in America by Columbus.
The Minister said that to ensure the continuity of the supply of essential commodities to Manipur, the Government of India has sent 30,000 metric tonnes of rice in addition to what should be received.
Speaking on the Reservation Policy, he said that in 1972, there was a decision that after 15 years the reservation should be reviewed but this has not been done.
She said that the weapons used by the police to shoot these two persons were not seized or sent to the FSL, and she said that this shows that the investigators were forced not to send for examination. weapons of war.
“It is the guidance of the Lord from above and the support of my parents and family members that has made us what we are today,” said the youths who took part in the song and video. .
Bah Warjri said this after the election of the new Rangbah Shnong of Nongdewsaw Village.
Thus, the changes of the villages and towns will be seen first, and soon we will see those trains that will come, along with the wonderful and diverse entrants, thousands of people.
Mih with a rifle or a bayonet.
Similarly, the Union Territories have been transferred to States.
The group of top leaders will announce the name of the opposition leader on the same day.
I don't agree with these MLA business now I'm just criticizing others but I'm rapjot myself from the jobs left, lapang people are more trim to manage.
The Youth Wing of the UDP has suggested that to ensure the smooth running of the government and the chiefs, it is necessary to urgently pass the Village Administration Bill.
Shillong: Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang on Tuesday said that he will take to the Legislative Assembly the issue of the problems faced by the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL). MCCL, one of the state-owned dewbilat factories.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest said that the opening of this museum will be a showcase for the future generations to know about the great deeds of this great man.
He said that this year the people of the state will allow the UDP to rule the entire state, to destroy the rights of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The KSU Nongtrai Unit today sent a petition to the Director of Lafarge to demand the appointment of young men and women from the area.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Executive Committee (EC) of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit will visit Sabuda area in Ri Bhoi District tomorrow morning to meet with the people living in the border area with Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : The Director of Higher and Technical Education (PGT), Shillong on Thursday directed the College of Teachers Education (PGT), Shillong to increase the number of application forms and extend the deadline for submission of application forms. for the B.Ed course 2023-2
She said that the Social Welfare Department has planned to implement the Meghalaya Drug Abuse Prevention Policy and it needs the cooperation of various offices including the Sports Department, C&RD Block, Transport, Police and others. Because of the cooperation, the use of drugs can be reduced.
“We have made it clear to the SP that the party does not believe that he was involved in the bomb blast,” said Sadon. .
He said that during the examination, the teacher used to knieh the writing of the Khasi students as soon as the bell rang while the others were allowed to write.
A 15-year-old boy, identified as Mohammed, said the attackers showed him a video of a man being stabbed in the neck. He was also warned by the soldiers that he would suffer the same fate in the morning if he tried to escape.
He said that why the DC has been silent and why he has been involved in this project.
Police have launched a heavy raid in and around Marnaian village in Hoshiarpur on Tuesday night after a They suspected that they had left their vehicle in the village after being searched by the police.
Mukhla FC has reached the semi final of the L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
This is confirmed by the fact that all the fish sold in the market are imported.
He was arrested while trying to cross the India-Bangladesh border.
On the other hand, accurate information has been received to show that there will be a meeting between the two Chief Ministers at Khanduli by cleaning the ground on the road, launching a pandal and preparing helipads.
The Raid Laban Dorbar has never existed in the history of the Hima Mylliem and therefore these beneficiaries could not be recognized by the authorities of the Hima Mylliem.
Young people and some adults can no longer keep themselves away from the smartphone even after going to bed.
If you build a road 3 meters or 3 meters wide as in other parts of the rural areas, it will be enough for the development of the village and to improve the comfort of the people. The residents of some areas don't need a two lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
Shillong: On 15th July 2023, the Meghalaya Police, after receiving a thorough intelligence, arrested a drug trafficker, identified as Thathang Thouthang, while he was leaving Aizawl. The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) together with the Khliehriat Police Station have conducted a search operation at a vehicle in Shillong. The petrol pump at BMS fuel station in Nongsning village was closed at about 5 pm.
He said that on the day of the meeting to announce the name of Bah Synsharlang as the party candidate, more than 5000 people attended the meeting held in Sohiong.
Laitmynrieng SC opened the scoring in the 10th minute through Manika Khongwet.
Therefore, the voice of students and citizens to demand equal share is wrong.
The equipment to be installed in the mines will not produce too much noise and will not disturb the people. The mine owners have also promised to set up medical camps for the workers and for the For the people of the area, they also promised to be careful in terms of the health of the people.
Firstly, the OM dated 10th May 2022 needs an urgent review by the state government.
Rangdajied had the last chance through Donboklang who came on as a substitute in the 89th minute but his shot went wide.
The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) has announced the names of 13 climbers to represent the state in the IMF North East Zone Sport Climbing Competition to be held at IHCAE, Chemchey, Sikkim from 7 until the 10th of this month.
However, this project has been implemented at the expense of the state government.
First of all democracy means that the power of government lies with the people.
Hasina Kharbhih, leader of the Impuls NGO Network, said that those who have been arrested in these days are children and said, “It is not the dress”. Kharbhih agreed that the power of the internet is another factor that corrupts the minds of young people these days.
The program was also attended by the District Project Management (DPM) Basin, EJH, Bah HBlah, officers, village leaders and others.
What is surprising is that during this time when the people are fighting against Covid-19, the government has banned the movement of people from one place to another. The employees of this company from abroad have been allowed to enter the villages and townships in our state.
“If the government cannot evict the government employees who live in this area, it means that they don't have the will; “If the government cannot do anything for the foreign workers, it should punish them and those who stay illegally should be evicted,” said Bah Adelbert.
He got up and went to look around the city.
He received the National Award from the President of India in
Sohra SDPO Ian Swer said the raid was carried out under the Anti Infiltration and Verification Drive against illegal immigrants.
He left Tura with five election teams from Tura yesterday as part of the first team appointed to conduct the elections.
Speaking to media, HANM General Secretary Shaniahlang Suchiang said that they have submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs to remove the SP of East Jaintia Hills. After 15 days, the JAC of EJH will take a strong stand.
said Mr. Kitboklang.
The standstill agreement, too, was violated by the Government of India.
He said that the school is also a polling station where the residents vote during the elections and said that if the government authorities do not take action as soon as possible to send relief measures it will make it difficult to hold the polling station. the counting of votes by the people in this election.
The scheme or agreement to conduct the screening at the Trust has been completed under the NRHM scheme, said Bah Marbaniang.
Furthermore, regarding the Reservation Policy, the VPP has promised to review and amend it from an Office Memornadum to a full law.
Police and BSF troops have seized more than 50,000 kilos of sugarcane.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Bah Samlin Malngiang has been a close follower of Bah HDR Lyngdoh in the past years and used to be at the hands and feet of Bah HDR especially during the elections. Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, u Bah 10 to contest the mid-term MDC elections from Nongspung-Sohiong constituency from the HSPDP. Samlin said the reason for his birth was to bring about change in the constituency.
The Western Shillong Bye-Pass will bypass Mawlai, Lum Diengjri Junction, Rhino Museum Junction, Umshyrpi Bridge and so on up to 7 Mer, Upper Shillong.
The hotel has an area of ​​28,869 sq.ft.
“Only those small village markets should be allowed to open first because they can still control the crowd,” he said.
“We are very sorry for this, but it doesn't mean that there will be any concern, but we should understand that as the government itself, we have received a lot of news and we have to establish a good foundation. I'm right or wrong,” said Conrad.
Referring to the border settlement with other states, the Chief Minister of Assam said that with Mizoram we have started talks, but with Nagaland this issue is still in the Supreme Court. Court so don't want to talk about anything.
Four Solar Light Masts have been installed at the places designated by the Dorbar Shnong.
However, in the midst of this growth of knowledge, often the result of what man finds and seeks is only sorrow, and the Word of God says of it – “Where there is much wisdom, there is much sorrow; he that increaseth knowledge, increaseth sorrow.
He said that the government is taking steps to promote the film industry in the state and encouraged the people to build halls to show films and said that the government will provide subsidy. about 30 to 40 percent.
However, it cannot be said that any of the leaders who have met the Prime Minister immediately saw, heard or listened to the announcement from the mouth of the Prime Minister through the media.
The EKHCA will continue the recruitment program on the 27th July 2022 at Sohra and the EKHCA invites the U-15 and U-17 boys and girls from Sohra Block to participate in the recruitment programme. they came to participate.
“We teachers who have passed through the road have been treated unfairly by the state government and many of us are over the age of cannot seek government jobs and now we request you to please fight for justice. ", said the youths in a letter to the Prime Minister of the country.
According to sources, after the meeting, it is expected that the AIUDF will be in the group to oppose the BJP for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
A Class XI student is undergoing treatment at GNRC, Guwahati after sustaining injuries to his leg and head after being hit by a two-wheeler driver.
Thus, those who have benefited are those who have benefited through their own skills, while other ethnic groups have benefited not only from the skills but also from the support of their fellow ethnic groups.
When the French ruled India, more than 500 princely states were abolished but in Khasi-Jaintia, although the French fought against Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah for some reasons, they did not. the power and authority of the Hima/Elaka has not been abolished.
Chemphang Syrti, Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi District, Nongpoh has been transferred and appointed as Asstt.
The total number of cases yesterday has risen to As of yesterday, 588 patients have been discharged from various hospitals after recovering from Covid-19 and on Saturday alone, 79 patients have been discharged from various hospitals. in the State.
A total of 11 schools have participated in this tournament.
It is the duty of the government and its people to do what is necessary.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on receiving the information, sent his condolences to the families of the victims.
“Cristiano Ronaldo has been suspended from the national team because he tested positive for covid-19 and will not play against Sweden.
Leaders have a great responsibility and it is expected that their speeches should be broader and more concise and should not be like market talk. The meeting of BJP leaders in Delhi, has been taken by many as a provocation and bloodshed in the city in the past few days.
However, the payment and installation of bill lights by the company is exactly the same,” said the statement.
Shillong: The Union of Local Traders (KSNTL), East Khasi Hills District, in its meeting held on 7th June 2019, at Madanrting, has decided to hold a meeting on 10th June 2019 at Umphyrnai Village. Lyngdoh Nongbri at 9 pm and all those affected are requested to attend the meeting, said the statement. Egenstar poor President.
Some say that China has collaborated with a scientist from the USA to develop the Coronavirus.
Commentators explain that in the Gospel of Mark 8:36-37 Jesus teaches about “what is great and what is not in the kingdom of God and in this world.
There are religious wars, conflicts and terrible bloodshed that have happened in the world that we don't want to remember even if we can't erase them from the pages of history, such as the crusades or religious wars. between Christians and Muslims for more than three hundred years from 1095-1
“The people should think that in the upcoming elections, the vote they give to any political party other than the Congress means they vote for the BJP. “They are afraid of the Congress and for no reason they refuse to give permission,” said Bah Pala.
“I am pleased to see that our farmers have learned to farm these days by cultivating crops that are valuable in the market especially shynrai which is known all over the world and other vegetables. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Ma J Treilang Suchiang.
These new parking lots in Nongstoiñ and Shillong are the only ones that have been built.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) under the leadership of Chief Executive Member (CEM) Thombor Shiwat, today visited Mukroh Village, West Jaintia Hills. The boundary areas of the Shnong according to the 1968 map.
Isn't it the foreigners who are responsible for what happened there," Bhagwat asked.
BJP leader Vinay Katiyar, during his election campaign in Uttar Pradesh, said that the BJP also has many beautiful girls like Priyanka Gandhi who will campaign for the party. He said that Union Minister Smriti Irani is one of the most beautiful people like Priyanka.
The talks between the two sides were very fruitful and both sides expressed their views.
To date , there are 13 such vehicles , the purpose of these vehicles is to ensure that the traffic on the road will be safe Speed ​​and an Alcometer to determine whether the driver is under the influence of alcohol.
The Samaritan woman at first lived in the night, later in the daylight.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, today imposed a curfew at the house of Bah Wanlamphrang Kharmujai, Umshyrpi, near Malki Square, from 27th July 2013 due to the outbreak of covid-1 2020.
“This frequent power outage has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area and many of the residents have been complaining and expressing their concern that from time to time the MeECL department has not been able to provide electricity. “It's a good idea to have electricity,” said John Makri.
Earlier, the Manipur government had forced the central government to suspend the construction of the Myanmar dam until the two governments have completed a thorough inspection of the site.
“The Director has sent this report to the government for taking the necessary measures to improve the school management system in the state,” said Babu Khongjirem.
On his remarks against the Congress MP, the BJP MLA said it is clear and what the people see is clear that they should vote for the BJP. to bring development to this State.
KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit in collaboration with Ryntih Football Club and Minerva Academy, Punjab will hold a football trial at Khliehriat West Stadium on the 14th of June.
Shillong, October 25 : The meeting was attended by CEM of JHADC Bah Thombor Shiwat, party leaders and workers of the NPP. The Sports Social and Cultural Club was inaugurated today at the Meghalaya Football Association Turf, Polo by Paiem Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima in the presence of Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima as Symbud. In particular, the Rangbah Shnongs under the umbrella of the Union of Newcomers of Pyllun which includes 15 Dorbar Shnongs, Rangbah Shnongs of Laitumkhrah and Rangbah Shnongs of Lapalang.
After handing over the petition to the CEM, the President of the RBYDSO, Bah Dibishon Malai, said that if the District Council does not create the Umsning Constituency, the RBYDSO can hold protests. for the benefit of the people.
The RAFA leaders also said that compared to government employees, can they go to the hills to farm like the farmers who used to earn a living in agriculture? task.
Those who wish to participate in this auction should send their bid in a well sealed envelope with a note on the board and clearly indicate the price they request. words and numbers.
He urged them to work hard without discrimination to see a bright future for the players.
He has made more than 100 appearances and participated in six world tournaments including three UEFA European Championships (2004, 2008 and 2012) and three FIFA World Cups. (2006, 2010 and 2014).
Besides, he said that there are many residents, from the educated to the small business owners who have expressed their lack of confidence in the present government.
As a village, Rongmasek is also one of the villages which has received the reputation of the Meghalaya Green Mission (MGM), but to revive such farming methods destroys the environment. “It's a good idea to hold the Krut Lyngkha as a sign of remembrance,” said Bah Albinus Timung.
IDEOLOGY, in English, means the way of thinking, and the belief in this way of thinking, which in Khasi, can be said to be the SNAP PYRKHAT. discussion, thought or exchange of opinions, only between a few, which should not be known or announced publicly.
Then one cold and dark evening, in the year 1498, while the painter was walking along the road to his house, he met a beggar.
On the other hand, Kharkutta MDC Cherak W Momin said, “If you compare the previous government with the present government, you will see that in the whole state, the money has not been used properly. The government doesn't get the right salary and so the people are angry if they remember during the time of Dr Mukul Sangma's government”.
He said that they are not in a hurry because they already have strong supporters in different villages.
A large drying plant was also built and operated for a short time but later, it was not used and soon deteriorated.
This does not mean that we are promoting it, but the Bible will remain the book—the holy book—the living book and the lifesaving messages will come from generation to generation.
The students of the university have organized this competition as part of the preparation of the students in the music of the university and to show that Shillong is the home of music. .
“He said that according to the Waheh Shnong at the time of the shooting, the Assam police ran away and some Meghalaya police ran away. and they that had no commandment from above did not dare to shoot.
The girls team of Saiden Secondary School is ready to take part in the U-17 (girls) of the 62nd Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2023 to be held in Delhi from 19th to 26th of this month. .
Therefore, we must help each other to understand that drugs are deadly and that we must eradicate them.
Without water, we cannot create anything.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri on Tuesday announced that up to T.5,50,00,000 has been allocated for the implementation of the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme (CMYDS) for the year 2023-2 .
He is survived by his wife, Nirmal Diengdoh, three children and grandchildren.
You need to think carefully because your words have the great power to improve or deteriorate your thinking.
The union, after a mass march on Thursday, in a short meeting, has unanimously decided to continue the strike and the strike will be announced after consultation with all the branches of AJMRWLU from across Jaintia Hills. .
This comes after they won the pre quarter final match which was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Tuesday.
When asked about the use of money in this election, he said, “We don't know how much money has been used because we don't use money but I have heard that there is such a thing but on my part and the party. We don't want to fight against the power of money,” said Prof Brightsterwell.
Yoohimitre Patwet scored 55 runs (7×4 and 3×6) while Moodymmai's Daowan Passah took four wickets in four overs.
However, if the party is not in power, it is not easy to implement this secret plan.
“Students had to fall for three hours from their scheduled time to write their exams.
NPP National President Conrad received 10671 votes and the second candidate was Bernard N Marak with 7420 votes.
The emergency meeting was convened by the Lamphang and was attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong and the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma.
However, instead of stopping the construction of these two roads, the MLA of West Guwahati has brought in another bridge to build a bridge at Ranibari village and the work is in progress, he said. Warriors.
The news came after Mohammedan posted the names of the club's assistants on social media on Tuesday for the season.
The VPP has invited all the residents from political leaders, political parties, youth organizations, the Union of Waheh Shnongs, commercial vehicle associations, truck drivers associations, women's associations and private individuals. Please attend this meeting to take a decision to walk with one voice and inform the government.
Earlier, a criminal case has been registered against three employees of Jowai District Jail including Rajesh Swer (Head Warden), Champmilan Kynjing (warder) and Damelahun Sun. Pyndaphor Bamaon (warder) and Alexier Lamtam after the escape of four robbers under trial and a prisoner from the District Prison and Correctional Services, Jowai on the 10th. this month.
“Those who oppose this will be arrested and sent to the Hon'ble Court and they can be fined up to T.5000 and imprisoned,” said the order.
Speaking to reporters from the residence of the Congress MLA, Bah HM Shangpliang, he said that although some of the issues have already been collected, in the coming days the Congress party will take action. The CLP will hold another meeting to gather more of these issues to be brought before the House.
The three political parties that held the meeting were the United Democratic Party (UDP) led by Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, the National People's Party (NPP) led by H. Stalyne Diengdoh. He was the candidate with the Indian National Congress (INC) in which Carness Sohshang was the candidate.
Furthermore, the PWD Department has been urged to consider and identify other routes during the 6 hour closure of the bridge on 31st October to allow other heavy vehicles to pass. to 4 tons.
What we need to see as a nation, as a Church, is that we need to take part in this work.
He said that in recent days, the court in Ampati, South Garo Hills has been opened to the public and it is very important to have courts in Nongstoin, Mairang and Williamnagar for the benefit of the people.
Speaking at a brief meeting held at the party headquarters, UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that as part of paying tribute to the souls of the deceased and to connect with their families, the party decided not to leave.
Three batsmen scored 10 runs or more but the highest score was 15 runs by Leeny Rai.
Because there is no fund to repair them from the PHE department, I have helped some of the MLA scheme because they are very poor.
Even the NPP leaders have acknowledged this.
Datta said the 20 MVA power transformer at the 132 KV Grid Sub Station at Nongpyndeng will not be operational from the 21st at 9 pm.
She said that as of now there is no fertilizer in the shops, and the farmers have come to look for fertilizer from time to time, they have come to ask why they don't get fertilizer and that is why. It was held to come out with the farmers to protest so that the government can address the problems faced by the farmers.
All the activities in the world are conducted from Meghalaya and Shillong.
The A'chik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM), led by Champion R Sangma, has demanded the immediate payment of the three-day salary of its employees. The Garo Hills District Council (GHADC) will hold an indefinite strike in front of the residence of the Prime Minister and the Chief Executive Member of GHADC in November. They also demanded the implementation of the Garo Customary Law (GCL), which has not yet come into force.
The injured youth, Fernando Malngiang, from San Mer, Upper Shillong, has left for Nongpoh in the past few days to complete some of his remaining work. of your father.
Some of the roads along the village road were found to be broken and some were repaired but when inquired it was found that it was repaired by the village authority with the contribution of the villagers.
Banteilang Rapthap Syngai is a resident of Mawlein, but he is a member of the Presbyterian Church Nongsder Damsite, Umiam, Ri. Fear.
The scheme aims to provide affordable health services across India.
Medalsing Lyngdoh and his followers today unfurled the party flag and handed it over to the President of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle.
Amlarem Social Club beat Dongmihsngi Mupyut 4-0 through goals from Tori Jungai in the 16th and 25th minutes, Iaiddakyrmen Jungai in the 57th and 57th minutes and Tiplang Rasmut. 62 minutes.
The Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong, Jowai together with the VDP Shnongs have warned against any person whether they are residents or outsiders who drink alcohol, spread garbage, drink bhang, drugs, drug dealers and Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Chnong, Jowai from Thluwania to Lad Kiang Nangbah Govt.
I think this decision we will take now will be very important in terms of the rise and fall of the nation.
On the 31st of July, Ribhami F. Gashnga was arrested and charged under Section 185/187 of the Motor Vehicles Act,
The recent opening of the Shillong IT Park will fulfill the dreams of the youth who have completed their studies in the state.
He said that the group has raised this issue many times and has ordered that the payment of salary should be on the 10th of every month, but at present the salary is paid on the 24th and 25th of every month.
Shillong: West Khasi Hills will face Tura in the final of the Meghalaya U-19 Girls Cricket Tournament, after the teams qualified for the semi final of the Meghalaya U-19 Girls Cricket Tournament. yesterday.
On the other hand, the MLA of Nongpoh, on the other hand, spoke on the need for a State University, while speaking as the chief guest to honor the 325 graduates of Ri Bhoi College. who graduated from the Graduation ceremony which was held today at the College.
Rashid, a former MLA of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly from Awami, is in jail in Bihar after being accused of funding groups. Since his arrest in April 2019, Rashid's supporters have celebrated in his hometown led by his son, who He was also the leading leader to campaign for Rashid.
It's two o'clock..." said Deisy Bahnah as soon as she heard that, she got up quickly and didn't go to bed to leave at exactly four o'clock.
The night curfew will be from 23rd to 27th November from 8 pm to 5 pm.
Earlier, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the government intends to allocate MBBS doctoral scholarships from the Central Pool based on the marks of the students in the examination. “Personally, I feel it is appropriate to select students according to their marks in the 10+2 examination.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Laitkor SC on Saturday beat Nongrim Hills 4-1 in the first leg of the 1st Division Football Tournament. Shillong Sports Association (SPA) to end this year's tournament as the last.
Regarding the destruction of the door of the house of Nijanduh Phawa on the 14th.
The training was conducted for Mid-Level Health Providers (MLHPs) of Ayushman Bharat Health and Wellness Centers in Meghalaya.
Momin scored 3/52 while Charak scored 3/8
These three persons are traders and are not accused of robbery.
For these, they will be added after their names have been received and registered.
The march started from the village and continued until it reached the ground of RCLP School Nongthymmai. Longkmie longkpa, ki sengbhalang and others also carried flags, placards and slogans to punish the robber.
Recalling the meeting where the KSU took a decision in November 2016, Bah Nongrem said that this decision will also apply to AMDER if it is willing to move forward with its objectives.
Therefore, the government has introduced this blueprint to build a multi-storey house on the site where the SMB quarters have been built to provide accommodation to these 342 households.
According to the information received, it was found that a man from Sahiwal had given the drink to his five children, and after drinking it, all five of them suddenly fell ill , in which two persons could not survive and died a few hours after drinking the drink.
And if you make a mistake, this MDA government can collapse because Delhi will create its own way to collapse like in other states not ruled by the BJP. The Deputy Chief Ministers of Meghalaya will not be able to support the powers of Modi, Rajnath Singh and Amit Shah from Delhi.
Shillong, Lber 17: “This scheme of the government to build fish ponds has turned the rice fields into shrah,” said Bah Ardent. and from the lake of fish, it shall be turned into the lake of fishes.
Shillong: The Minister of Home Affairs, Ma Lakmen Rymbui today said that the Meghalaya government has fined up to 9,48,400 tyngka from the people who violated the lockdown during the lockdown. state.
“If you really love the nation and your children, you should leave this Conrad government because this is the BJP government,” said Kennedy. The Congress party held a meeting in Sohiong to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
The HNLC said that they have sent their proposal to the state government and the Indian government, but they have remained silent. resist.
The Futsal Stadium is located at Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
When there is no law to recognize the ryngbah Shnongs and Sordar Shnongs, such problems will arise.
“On the promises made by the VPP, we will work hard to achieve them, even if we don't get the full support to form a government but this doesn't mean that we will forget our promises, we will force them,” he said. those who have the power to do it.
The PWD department when looking for the bill said there was no money,” said one contractor.
It was the BJP in 2014 which promised to cleanse the country of corruption.
Nongpoh: As part of the prevention of traffic accidents and also to raise awareness among the public and especially the school children, the Traffic Police of Nongpoh Police Station, today conducted a special programme. They have given training to the school children and the residents of Nongpoh, regarding how to behave when they intend to work from one side to the other side of the road.
“You should have responsibility and unity for the development of this society, the consumer store and also the fundraising activities within this society,” said Nongrum.
The Chairman of KHADC, Bah Lamdibok Sumer of the Congress from War East, was also sworn in as JHADC. Albinus Lyngdoh has 6 MDCs, 4 HSPDP, 1 BJP and independent MDCs.
The Waheh Shnong, Ma Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that Lapangap village has suffered twice this year from the cold weather including houses, plants and beverages such as rice. The rain fell from the roofs of the houses covered with tin.
He recalled the benefits of bringing closer and easier media and at the same time people who take advantage of the media use the media to spread fake news and others. that works badly.
The program was conducted by the District School Education Officer, SWKHD, Mawkyrwat in the presence of Bah SS Lyngkhoi, Sub Inspector of School Education Officer, SWKHD, Mawkyrwat. Schools, Bah GD Nongsiej, Principal, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, teachers, students and others.
Earlier, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar from the Khasi Department of NEHU on the contribution of Pahep Rabon to literature, said, “It is necessary to celebrate the anniversary of any writer who has written He contributed to the writing of Khasi literature.
“It is on these grounds that we as village leaders and party leaders have met with the DC and SP by sending a petition to avoid any incident that will affect the peace and order. “It's a border area, but people have been living in peace and harmony in these past few days,” they said.
At the same time, he urged the state government to temporarily close down all the markets on the borders of the states including those markets on the borders with neighboring countries.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah E.Kharmalki, Bah Garod LSN Dykes Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills and two officials who have been given permission by the government to mine coal.
On this occasion, a treatment program was also held for the patients.
“It has also been directed that vehicles carrying cattle should comply with the rules of the Transport of Animals Rules 1978 and the Transport of Animals (Amendment) Rules, 2001 and chickens.
He said that the VC came here to NEHU only to enjoy the benefits he has received from the university and this shows that the current VC is not qualified to sit on the post as VC. The JAC has decided to continue the protest until the VC calls for talks and will continue until the demands of all the groups in the JAC are met. Shillong. Babu Birbor Riangtem, one of the Rangbah Shnongs of Langdongdai, West Khasi Hills District and at the same time the leader of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Nongtrai Sepngi, said that after receiving the He said that as a whole, the village supports the demands of the ASHAs. During Covid-1 The government has employed the ASHAs face to face, in which they have sacrificed their lives to work and obey the government's directives, but now they are ignoring their demands.
These include EGH: 08, EJH: 13, EKH: 70, NGH: 04, RBD: 129, SGH: 02, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 10, WGH: 18, WJH: 40 and WKH:
Shillong: The meeting of CEMs of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) in the state has not yet taken any decision to prepare the demands from the central government regarding the strengthening of the districts. council.
Regarding this earthquake, the union has been demanding from the Jio company to repair it for more than six months but no sign of action has been taken yet. Ri-Bhoi District to fight against this issue and if this demand does not succeed, the union has vowed to take other measures.
In the right hand category, he won the gold medal in the 70 kg category by defeating Dmitri Skubaba of Kazakhstan.
Sixth and finally, what we forget to see in the midst of these political views on the UCC, is the justice that the UCC can actually bring to the violation of personal rights that people suffer.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has urged the State Government to increase the age limit for police recruitment in the State.
The Khasi singers who took part in this song include Pyllaitmitre Lypon, Abalin Nongkhlaw and Shallin Sun.
“If the Government intends to bring the railway to the state, it should implement the entry exit points and we will monitor this issue soon, or implement it,” he said. The Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act has been banned to strengthen the protection of our people and what remains now is the Inner Line Permit which we have already passed in the House which the State Government should implement. The state has not been able to implement any of these laws in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the Legislative Assembly today summoned the officers of the Public Works Department (PWD) and the Border Area Development (BAD) officers. due to the inadequate implementation of projects and schemes of these government departments.
This river is also very beautiful and attracts rawon from all over to hunt.
They also discussed the need to inject drivers, as they are in contact with the public every day, in order to protect their health or that of their families.
Speaking on the best way to invite all the rebel groups to the negotiating table, Marak expressed his desire to invite all the rebel groups and ask their opinion on what they want.
“As I said, it is easy for us when a complaint comes, these are the cases and according to the law what needs to be done according to the law regardless of who they are,” he said.
Poverty is not only in terms of wealth but also in terms of morality and dignity.
“I have sent a departmental inquiry into this matter.
Outdoor sports spectators are also allowed to attend up to 75%.
The three men include Majid Kazemi, Saleh Mirhashemi and Saeed Yaghoubi. Iranian authorities have found them guilty of violating the law. They also said that these three persons had rebelled against God by shooting three members of the security forces who were on duty and who were trying to stop the protest at that time.
Shillong, Umiam and Sohra have received no rainfall today.
“This action of the Jowai Municipal Board has endangered the Wahduid, the environment and others, especially to the residents of the neighboring villages and the tourists who pass by the area,” said the San Shnong Welfare Association (SSWA). These villages include Mukhaialong, Cham Cham, Lumchyrmit, Mutong and Pynthorsale and these villages have started to appear in the tourism industry by trying to protect the lower part of the Myntdu River.
The registration will be held at the office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong during office hours from the 22nd to the 25th of this month.
Dr. Celestine requested the Lamphang to remove the words he used as a waste of time and to correct by correcting the misleading statement of the Prime Minister that on Thursday. The vote on the Supplementary Demand is wrong and needs to be corrected.
Regarding the programs of various religions, Tynsong said that people are allowed to participate from 50% to 75%.
Sohra, November 8: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Friday stressed the need to improve the teaching methods in schools.
"The Act should also clarify that those children of Hynniewtrep who have more than 50,000 children who marry fellow Hynniewtrep and Ai-Jait to the father of Hynniewtrep are what ethnic group? Because the Act 2005 does not accept that They are Khasi under the jurisdiction of KHADC and not in Jaintia Hills.
Furthermore, you can write a letter and inform the DC about your decision.
The High Court is now waiting for a reply from the police department as to why the court will have to rely on the department to fight against illegal mining and transportation of coal.
Total=448.
Because if we meet and talk together, it will be very different than refusing and not inviting them to talk.
It is learned that in Shella, the names of the candidates will be announced on the 24th of this month. There are two candidates for Shella constituency, Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne and Bah Bantyngshain Rynga.
Returning to the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, it was a pleasure to see the dancers, both men and women, dressed in their traditional costumes, wearing gold and silver jewelry, which shone brightly in the sky. in front of the feet of our mother, who came to dress and suit stem phyrnai, to fill the whole lympung shad.
The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has urged the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District to identify two new cases of COVID-19 in Khliehriat.
Dear fellow countrymen especially the youth who are the present and the bright future of the nation, let us look forward to achieving the urgent needs of the nation.
The District Social Welfare Officer, Kong J Lyngdoh, while speaking on the occasion, said that in Khasi Jaintia Hills and even in Garo Hills, the main problems faced by women are illiteracy, part-time schooling, underage pregnancy, alcohol abuse, drug abuse and HIV Aids.
In fact, as the Seng Bhalang who claim to be a collective improvement organization, they should have a farsighted vision when carrying out such activities, which will affect their own Jaidbynriew and sadly. The other is that they don't think about the feelings of these women and without considering the reasons why they go to such jobs which really destroy the humanity and even the Jaidbynriew.
The disease doesn't obey the law, just say it's long, one rule one world, God will do his job.
The Kur has already awarded the Professor HW Sten Excellence Award every year to the toppers of any Public Examination.
In his 10-minute keynote address, the first speaker, Prof Lakhon Kma said that the seven districts of the state will elect only one leader to the Lok Sabha.
Therefore, the meter installation should be implemented first in some places and if necessary, to be implemented in other houses of the residents, said a statement from Mr Dundee Cliff Khongsit. Speaking to Rupang, Dundee Cliff Khongsit said that the price of T.9444.44 is the price of meters. , funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB), while the price of T.5,000, is the total cost of installing the meter and the project. Electricians recognized by the Electricity Department of the Government of India will be employed.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 23: Two persons were seriously injured when a Scooty (ML05AB 8875) collided with a Bolero (ML04-B 5829). good.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM President Bah Pyndapbor Sairbon said that he had received a call once from the UDP to discuss the cooperation between the ethnic parties but it disappeared without any news. nothing else.
Speaking further, he said that if the demand is not met, they will stand up and remind the ministers of the state that they will go whether it is party or government.
The VDP of Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Chnong, Jowai would like to inform you that if you are a resident of the village or outside the village, please contact us. In this regard, you shall be punished in accordance with the Village Act and the Government Act.
The State has qualified only nine sports for the National Games to be held in Goa this month, which will start from 26th to 9th November this year.
The purpose of this is to provide clarity on the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries, their salaries and other benefits, in order to avoid darkness.
Before collapsing on these vehicles, the tree had cut off the electrical wires and some of the electrical posts had collapsed.
They started farming rice and fishing near Muktapur village.
“As the largest constituency, we don't have a single Government College and we don't have a 100 bed hospital. There are many things that we want to do for the development of Mawthadraishan Constituency.
High jumper Tejaswin Shankar, 800m runner KM Chanda and 20km walker Priyanka Goswami (who also hold the national record) The Asian Games will be held from 23 November to 8 March in Hangzhou, China.
However, the fate of the pigs did not survive even for six months.
However, according to the ISFR-2021, the total area of ​​forests in the country is 7,13,789 square kilometers, an increase of 12,294 square kilometers in the last 7 years. (ISFR- 2015 to ISFR-2021).
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Wilfred said that in the past, Mawthadraishan was the place where Krai or Raishan was cultivated. The name of the village was changed to Mawthadraishan because of the sunrise of the farmers on the hill.
