Aeronation beat Malki by 47 to 45 points while Khasi Tribe beat Nangiapyrshang by 42 to 19 points.
On the other hand, Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC West Khasi Hills, said that the Syiem should punish those who take advantage of those who work before applying for NOC from the Syiem's ​​office. This has put the members of the Seng in darkness.
Shillong, November 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the full shlem of the [2
Donbok said the inability to answer the questions shows that the police department has violated the provisions of Section 12 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 which clearly states the year of service of officers from Director General of Police (DGP), Addl.Director General of Police (ADGP), Law and Order, Inspectors General of Police, Range Deputy Inspectors General of Police, District Superintendents of Police, Sub-Divisional Police Officers , Circle Inspectors and Officers-in-Charge of Police Stations, for 2 years.
At the time of the earthquake, the earthquake turned into a mountain and a forest, and the cries of the people were heard, which was very painful.
Referring to Bah Dip, the Congress candidate also has his own challenge, because in 2018 he won only a few votes, even in the BJP uniform. The non-tribal community has also elected him even this time because he is quick to help them.
In the 2018 elections, Sangma announced that his assets were T.7 crore.
He said that BJP leader and Minister of State Bah AL Hek is one of the four candidates who have applied for ticket to contest from Shillong parliamentary seat.
“The public meeting is to show how much the BJP takes responsibility when contesting elections in this state,” Madhav said.
According to the NEP 2020, which will be amended in 2021, education in schools should be in the mother tongue up to Class V. However, it will be better to take up to Class VIII or above.
The JMB landfill is not allowed to be built in areas near water or flooding and in areas near wildlife sanctuaries or specially protected forests.
When I passed the interview, I was told, “There are farmers, traders, citizens who have their own problems.
Minister Rangbah Duh announced that new books are being prepared for 130 subjects for classes 3 to 12 in 22 languages ​​for teaching in various indigenous languages.
Bruna's friend tied the tuta with a ball and it fled from her head.
He is also an active member of the Dorbar Shnong and the Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church.
“I haven't received the program yet because I'm still coming from Delhi, but tomorrow I will get the full program from the office,” said Dr Celestine.
There has been no complaint at any police station regarding the incident and security is still tight and the investigation is ongoing, police said.
As usual, the disabled benefit through the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme (CMSAS) of T.500 per month and the Unemployment Allowances scheme from the office. Social Welfare Department receives T.1000 per month.
So far, only the BJP and TMC have not announced their candidates while other parties have already announced them.
According to information received, these residents of Moojem village were stopped by the Assam Police while they were trying to kidnap a rawon of the village who was slow to arrive at the village. afternoon
“However, another reason for the price increase is that we in the state still have to rely on food items such as rice, wheat, piat and other items such as medicines, equipment. tar from other states.
Dorphang was arrested and imprisoned after being charged with raping a child.
Do not allow them to go near fire or near burning objects.
Shillong, July 5: The State Co-Ordination Committee of Coal Owners, Miners and Dealers Forum (SCCCOWMDF) has given a deadline of 31st July for the coal mining plan. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has vowed to request the NGT to authorize the government to develop and implement the Mining Management Plan as requested by the National Green Tribunal (NGT). The government has launched a coal mining plan in the state instead of launching it.
The incident in the village came after it was alleged that the Sordar of the village was elected in a biased manner without listening to the voice of the people in the dorbar in the past years. It has also reached the KHADC and the High Court after it was alleged that the Syiem had issued a certificate to the Sordar S Khongjirem despite the strong opposition of the villagers.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ronald Kynta, COO-MECDM explained briefly about the Meghalaya ECD Mission and said that this mission is different and is for the purpose of improving the lives of children and children from the age of 8 years.
Umphrup SC opened the scoring through Nickel Bina in the 24th minute of the first half. YBSC FC opened the scoring in the 39th minute. Jeffery Surong scored the first goal of the tournament and 10 minutes later YBSC scored the second goal through Boby Chyne.
The winning goal was scored by former Rangdajied United player Munmun Lugin before the end of the match in the 90th minute.
Bah Shadap said that the customers get many benefits within 3 years and if they lose any warranty items, the customers get a warranty from the company and they don't have to pay. no money except for the repair of brakes and light bulbs.
When India gained independence, the Indian leaders through the Constituent Assembly prepared the Constitution of India which took about 2 years, 11 months and 18 days to draft.
“The village has decided to wait for the time and explanation from the head of the forest department of the council and on this day the villagers will take their decision. the public if they continue or revoke the agreement after an explanation from the office.
However, the KSU, which inspected the training centre, admitted that only two trainings are ongoing and these are Tailoring and Knitting.
It is to be recalled that the HNYF Northern Region, under the leadership of Bah Banpynskhem Kharnaior, President, has been able to provide relief to the refugees on Friday.
It is learned that this act of the Karbi suspects was done with the intention of disrupting and forcibly ending the meeting to discuss the issues of the border area.
This comes after some of the Ministers of the MDA Government have demanded that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma should take immediate action to curb the increase in illegal trafficking. coal in the State.
"Thank God for blessing us," replied the mother.
Names of athletes: Marso Kyndait (U-20) Event 1500m, 800m.
Coal India Limited yesterday threw its strongest coal into one of the crematoria near the crematorium where 15 people were trapped.
The Vigilance Committee led by the Secretary of the Vigilance Committee, Bah Wellson RD Siangshai, has conveyed this issue to the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD and requested him to The Deputy Commissioner on Tuesday, 22nd July 2023, has directed the relevant department to weigh the kilos of ration. EV Pariat, ISI Supply Khliehriat, ISI Supply Khliehriat, Bah H.K. Tyngkan, Office Assistant Supply Branch Khliehriat, Government Wholesaler, Kong S. Bareh together with FPS Dealer and members of the Vigilance Committee of the Village.
give.
Dr Mukul received 85 per cent while Conrad received only 15 per cent as the Chief Minister who can rule and run the Khadar administration in the state.
Support for sports will enhance the image of the state if the government provides assistance to sports.
Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw, President of Shillong Mihngi Circle, said that the party would like to congratulate Bah Kharkongor for taking the initiative to close down 37 shops in Iewduh because they do not have trading. license.
Police said that the militants opened fire on the police, suspecting that the perpetrator was the Area Commander of the GNLA, Jimmy.
Therefore, the union would like to thank the government for seeing the problems of the people coming and going from the deterioration of the road from Umsning to Sohnidan. The union from Umsning to Umsaing would like to request the government to continue to clean up the road so that the people can enjoy the blessing of the road. “They have found the road from Umsning to Sohnidan and when they turn back from Sohnidan to Usmning, the road is still the same,” he added.
Why don't doctors in government hospitals know? Here is an example of a mother who was sent to a private hospital when it was time to give birth because it was not possible to give birth because of many reasons or complications that could affect the mother and the baby.
Roman Emperor Titus invaded and destroyed Jerusalem The Temple was destroyed 11 lakh Israelites were killed and taken captive in 70 AD. – for Jesus himself said, “You shall not worship on this mountain, nor in Jerusalem” (John 4:23).
The enrollment rate has also decreased from 28 per cent to 19.5 per cent in the past year.
Any place or town where there is no visible church will not have a holy church, and where there is no visible church there will be no visible church.
He said that the presence of this pond in the area has become a source of water for dozens of villages from Mawkhmahrang, Domkseh, Mawkyllei, Mawroh, Tiehnongbah, Lawbyrtun, Nongshilong, Mawkohngei, Umkrem and other villages. Umdum and others.
He said that this march is to follow up on what they have already done in the past few days to convey to the Chief Minister of the area that he should take responsibility for the This is the issue that we are facing as a nation.
Finally, he said that the symptoms of the disease are through fever, chills, frequent fever, loss of appetite and drinking. He said that if there are suspected cases of such cases, one should immediately rush to the Integrated Counseling and Testing Center (ICTC) in Pongtung. PHC because tests related to the disease can be done here.
May their souls rest in peace.
He said that the Government has tried to introduce many schemes for the welfare of women and longkmie.
The owner of the house, Bah Standing Pyngrope, said that he has sent out Bah Khlaiñbor, along with the discussion and understanding, because he too does not want anything bad to happen in the future. your family.
Rev. Fr Genes Shangpliang, Parish Priest and General Secretary of all RC Schools in Amlarem Parish welcomed the guests.
The four cases include Dilnaris Kharkongor (18), Balahunlang Kharkongor (13), Iaineh Skhem Kharkongor (11), Mebanshkem Kharkongor (8) and Mewanskhem Kharkongor (5).
“There are more than 50 villages in my constituency which do not even have a road.
It is not easy for them to go to Assam and Cachar District because the language, way of life, food and drink, customs and traditions are very different,” he said.
The Commissioner & Secretary of the State Legislative Assembly has sent both these letters to the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
This Anti-Messiah of the Jews will do great things and he is the one who has the authority to command the Jews to build the third or third temple in Jerusalem.
In the second half, Kashmir scored another three goals through Krizo in the 50th minute.
Shun powder contains calcium and the power of this calcium is to reduce the acidity of the soil.
Mawkyrwat, June 10: The Seng Khasi Nonglang (SKN), South West Khasi Hills District, today on Sunday, June 10, 2022 with a ceremony to The Shad Suk Mynsiem (SSM) was held once a year at the Seng Khasi Nonglang Stadium in Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills District. young men and women.
This reporter found that for this reason, the trucks carrying goods with seven tyres, have charged more than T.5 to T.6 thousand, which they used to charge earlier. The reason is that they have to go to the Bye Pass and go to Mawryngkneng and then come back to Shillong.
“When the RTPCR tests show positive, but to confirm that it is Omicron, samples have to be sent for Genome Sequences test and for this reason it takes longer to know. Regarding the three cases of Covid-19 Omicron, Dr War said that the case of Covid-19 Omicron is from Langkyrding. He is a 13-year-old boy who came to Assam with his parents on 21st November.
“Lower Categories Employees, including line men, jugali, ES, JE asst and others are working under heavy pressure due to the shortage of employees where the management has violated the rules of the Factory and Labor Act. “The most tragic thing that happens is because the work is too heavy,” he said.
Many residents said we wouldn’t vote.
However, when the reporter visited the places where Christmas decorations are sold, many of them said that as of now, it is still slow and people are not rushing to buy and sell.
Officials of the State Government, from the Chief Minister to the Second Chief Minister (except the Minister of Power), have kept quiet for various reasons, but the truth is that the State Government and these The officials of the Union Government, have a great responsibility, to release this power cut, which is up to 10 powa from the daily power requirement.
The appointment letters were handed over at a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and Minister of PHE Marcuise N. Marak.
All those who spoke extended their best wishes to Phrangki for a healthy body and to play well in the ISL. Bah Lambok Thabah Editor of U Nongsain Hima newspaper has passed away suddenly. This has shocked all the journalists of the State because he goes to work every day.
When the elections are over, they become the country's leaders.
He said that in this age when many youths are involved in drug addiction, if the government and the council do not look together, where will the future of the youth go?
Have such legislators come from our area?"
He gave me an ATM to withdraw money only when I needed it.
u Kyntonsngi: It is called Kyntonsngi because the sun's rays at noon shine brightly on top of this mountain.
For the Mr. 1 Nartiang Constituency, the winner will receive T.50,000, the second prize winner T.30,000 and the third prize winner T.20,0 , T.30,000 for the first prize, T.20,000 for the second prize and T.10,000 for the third prize.
In the FACTORY CEMENT COMPANY, we have seen that out of 100% of the employees in the company, ours are only less than 10%.
After that, Sara Tham, former President of the Meghalaya Women's Association, launched the flag to start the walk and Lily Kharbamon, the current President, launched a number of balloons.
On receiving the incident, Umsning Police Station rushed to the scene to investigate and find out the cause of the fire.
Two of the first voters, one woman and one man, will receive a tree trunk and plant a tree at the polling station with their names written on the tree.
The Khasi Bible was translated from the original language into the Khasi language by Father (L) Henry Fantin SDB, and his assistants such as Father Silvanus Sngi Lyngdoh SDB, Professor of Scripture, Monsingor Emmanuel Bard SDB, George Chyne. , Fr.(L) Carmello Spitale SDB, Mary Blah and others.
Later, the Wars, the Eastern Pnars and the Western Khynriams came down to become the new Bhoi – their invasion enriched the Ri Bhoi, because they worked hard to produce soh ki pai, kwai – tympew, phan – shriew. , khaw – kba and many kinds of crops.
It is worth mentioning that in the past two or three days, two MDCs have criticized the current EC and said that it is a weak EC. James Sylliang from Mawhati constituency while another MDC from the ARPA, Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem.
The purpose of World Scouts Scarf Day is to commemorate Lord Baden Powel at one of the Scout Camps held in 1907 on Brownsea Island. 2007 is also the year to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Scouts Movement by Lord Baden Powell.
“We have to improve and provide schools according to the requirements of the NEP. We also have to appoint more teachers, so these things need to be implemented and this policy as a whole has to be implemented. to be implemented as it should be," he added.
On these grounds, the Dorbar Shnong cannot accept the claim of Monkiru Shyrmang that he is from Pamrapaithlu and cannot accept that he is a resident of Pamrapaithlu. The Dorbar Shnong Pamrapaithlu has decided to admit a person without being in the household number list as listed in the Village Register.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement today said that the Harijan Panchayat's deadline for the municipal and the state government is a sign of the group's warning to the state government.
The HYC also said that the residents of Mawshynrut area have complained that the electricity supply has been lost for many hours a day and in the villages for months, but the bill is not enough. electricity is running smoothly.
Kharjahrin urged the government not to ignore these Harijans and also to end this long-standing issue and not to prolong the work once it is due. The party strongly opposes this government's plan, because this is not the right of Conrad or Prestone, but it is bought with the money of the government. publicly.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has written to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to convene a Special Session to discuss the need to review the reservation. Policy'.
He said that at that time, the Beat Officer, who went to the house, was led by the Police Battalion in Sabuda, where they did not listen to the explanation from the household. The owners of the house, but they demanded T.4,000 as a fine for these trees.
Shillong: Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, NPP MP candidate from Shillong Constituency, while Agatha Sangma, MP candidate from Shillong Constituency, The MP, who is currently, is the candidate from Tura Constituency.
It does not mean that God has given man the right to rule by force or to destroy the earth because only in the hands of the wicked has the earth been destroyed.
He said that men, when they see women, should not look at them with a bad eye, if they want to rape.
The driver of the Night Super, said that the reason why the Night Super fell into the river, was because the steering wheel of the Night Super suddenly broke, until which caused him to lose control and caused him to plant baji in the river.
Abhinav said that recently a chef from Assam won the Maser Chef competition and asked that if Assam can win why our people cannot.
Regarding the ability of the members of the Seng to build a house for the poor Longkmie, Bah Dundee Clif Khongsit, has expressed his gratitude to the members of the Seng, saying that they have done a good job. very well within the community.
“MeECL employees should enter the house before setting the price of electricity consumption, because if they leave the place where they work or from home, it is very wrong and inconvenient to the people. electricity consumers,” said Bah Shanlang Diengdon.
Shillong, Naitung 8: After six months of idleness, the Umroi Airport will resume operations from Tuesday.
The right kidney is lower than the left kidney and appears in the form of presbin shyieng.
Those who do not distribute these food items or who distribute insufficient or poor quality items should inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Kasi Hills District, Shillong.
One deceased and 11 others are stable.
language, dress code, lifestyle of people, urban environment, number of motor vehicles, congestion, noise, housing patterns, village streets, village lanes, shops all kinds of things and all kinds of things.
The meeting will also present the report of the union for the year 2019-2
It was also learned that the NHAI authorities have promised to start the maintenance of the road, but the toll plaza will be closed first as decided.
In West Garo Hills, there are 18 cases and all of them are high risk contacts.
Former Chief Minister Saleng C Marak said that Marak is a brave leader who takes an active part in the House.
The Jowai Block Congress Committee has alleged that he tried to preach to the people to give ticket to Bah Wailad Shylla, who is his brother-in-law, and to remove his ticket. Dr RC Laloo.
Regarding the NPP's stand to fight against the attacks on Christians in the BJP-ruled states, it will not be allowed, but they will get a fair trial.
The announcement was made at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Ri-Bhoi District. Commissioner ERO, Bah R Kharbihkhiew ADC, ERO, VA Hynniewta ADC, ERO and others.
Jezebel sent a message to him.
He said that the salary loss of the GHADC employees has been since the Congress-led Executive Committee for three months and the NPP-led Executive Committee for 27 months. GHADC employees demand that they should receive their salaries.
Some of the benefits of choosing protein foods include weight loss, physical strength, improved bone health, better skin, stronger muscles. head and the ability to function properly within the body.
Earlier, on July 17, PLA troops raided the area and seized a surveillance camera.
Shillong, June 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today closed down the office of the Karuna Trust, a company hired by the Meghalaya government to manage the Karuna Trust. 11 PHCs in Meghalaya.
And that religion is more terrible than the human climate.
The DC today summoned the family members of two mothers from Lumthari and two from Chirang District Assam, but they could not identify them and no decision could be taken to arrest them. the body even if it breaks into pieces.
This hospital is the former Civil Hospital of Jowai at Panaliar.
Students who are eligible for this scheme have to meet the requirements such as Tests and others.
The Seng takes Meiieit Spelity as its leader and is indeed a strong supporter to strengthen the foundation against the mining of Uranium in which the Seng will continue to oppose until the day of death.
The Secretary of Borghat Village, Bah P.Khongthaw, has requested the District Authorities of East Jaintia Hills to help the owners of the houses in this incident. They will help the owners of the house immediately.
Nusra Front militants reportedly committed suicide by planting bombs in their bodies, killing several soldiers.
Shillong: The grand finale of the Talent Fight will be held in Uttarakhand in November.
The residents said that the leaders of both the states need to meet again and look into the demands of the people who want to be in Meghalaya.
Charles gave an example that the Central Government in 2003 had recognized only the Bodo language although the Assam Government had sent a proposal to include the Karbi language.
When he returned to the Press.
The Mawpat Program and the Khongphai Program were taught.
The Critical Care Block with 150 beds is under construction under the PM-ABHIM to provide treatment to those infected with COVID-1
(With the spirit of khadar rule 'phiah bad shing', the French succeeded in dividing the sacred land of the Khasi into two parts by renaming the area, which over time, became accept it as it is written in the Inheritance.
“This has been a robbery and if it is done by the poor, the government will arrest them, but if it is done by the poor, no one will do anything,” he said.
He, who is also a football player and loves Christiano Ronaldo, has also rescued tourists who come to Umkrem to visit the Kshaid in the village.
Shillong, November 14: The first semi final of this category will start at SSA Ground at 1:45 pm between Pohkseh SC and Sohryngkham SC. Narendra Modi has pledged to support the Government of Meghalaya to achieve the goal of building an Administrative City in New Shillong Township in the next five years.
There are those who say that we intend to create a vacant land in the state but I want to make it clear that the government will not have the authority to set up a vacant land especially a casino and it is the people who will decide whether to accept it or not. I'm going to Cassino"
Genesis 3:17-19.
He said that there are people who are trying to defame the party by criticizing and condemning the religious leaders – Fathers, Pastors by insulting them in the media and saying “Ha U Prah...!!!”, u Bah Basaïawmoit said that the party will take action on this issue, and will not allow such people to continue such activities.
Speech was delivered by EJNC Vice President and General Secretary Saibun Dkhar and others.
If you have high blood pressure, you may need to worry more about taking medicines to prevent high blood pressure.
He said that since his mother gave birth to him, he has a physical characteristic that is different from that of other children. He was also paralyzed and could not walk properly. He said that he was also slow to speak.
(iii) They did not do anything.
In the email, which was not named, it was said that the government will not be able to trace the IP addresses of the party leaders, because they show that the IP address is 114.143.108.1 158.144.109.170, 152.57.86.143 and 158.144.114.36, 103.226.236.243, 158.144.59.236.243, 158.144.59.41.70, 41.70 and
Shillong, Naitung 9: Quina Mary Kharumnuid, wife of Emanuel A Marak, who passed away, has mourned the death of her husband.
“This has been an attempt to create ethnic discrimination and also to discourage them from participating in the Meghalaya Games,” said the GSU. There is no place for the players and where are the officers of the department to look after all the players because the places allocated for them from the rooms to the toilets are dirty and dirty. don't dare.
They will have to be tested again within 24 hours to confirm that they have recovered completely, he said.
The BJP has decided to contest alone in the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura as well.
The investigation is ongoing to identify them,” said Kalyan Elesela, District Superintendent of Police, Kanker district.
They said that in the past, kwai and tympew from Syntung, Mawlat, Nohron and other places were sold directly to Shillong, but now this is not the case.
Modi's speech shocked the people who attended the meeting.
The injured include Johnsing Lynshing (29), Martha Shadap (55), Driamizaca Shadap (4), Samla Banaibor Lyngdoh (20), Kyrshanborlang Mynsong (11). Banraplang Khongsam (5) and Kristina Mynsong, the owner of the house, were arrested.
The President of KSU Ri Mulliang Circle, Samla Biangboy Sangriang said that during the inspection, the KSU found that the BDO was not present and many of the people were waiting from 9 am to 2 pm. but there was no worker in this work.
The BJP has strongly criticized the Congress' promise to illegally count the Bajrang Dal, a Hindu religious party, accusing the Congress of being a plot to win votes from the Hindu people. rite paid by Muslims.
There are two ways, when you contest an election, one is to think, one is to win and one is to lose.
He worked under the leadership of Phrangkupar Diengdoh.
At the time of writing of this news, the cause of the clash has not been confirmed.
One of those certificates is Residential under section 8(1).
Perhaps there may be someone in society who disagrees and cannot accept such an opinion about the elderly and youth who are able to carry the burden for the sake of organizing political parties. in the state of Meghalaya.
The meeting was also opened by the awarding ceremony of the members of the party by Rtn.
The presence of these factories has polluted the surrounding areas of Shallang.
In the tournament, the country's team, which has been placed in the Group of Death against Hungary, France and Peru, suffered a defeat at the start of the match. Hungary beat Hungary 1-2 but Balaram scored the first goal in the 79th minute.
According to Bah Muni Makri, the fire broke out while he and his wife were harvesting rice in the fields. The 17-year-old daughter of the house was on her way to the laundry room near the house when the fire broke out. suddenly until it was completely destroyed.
For more than two thousand years he has been preparing a place for you and me.
At the same time, he said that the cost is always there when trading but the cost should not exceed the income.
Where are those Chapter-I, Chapter-II, Umngot HEP, Umngi HEP, Gnol HEP, Khri HEP and others? Why are these projects not implemented immediately to get electricity and if there are problems why can't those problems be solved? It seems that the Power Department of the state is not working.
This Home is located on the right side of the road leading to Pubon Crematorium, Mawsmai.
He said he does not believe in the rumors that he may be removed from the Cabinet after the election in Sohiong.
The Commissioner & Secretary of the Planning Department said in the complaint that if Gokhale had sought clarification from the Meghalaya Age Limited according to the order of the Delhi High Court, it would have clarified that these allegations are false. foundation and unstable.
After the collapse of the State Legislative Assembly, I have many questions to ask: (i) Immediately after the collapse of the Executive Engineer of PWD, the Government of Meghalaya has explained the reasons. which cause the round house to fall.
Therefore, he said that as players, we should not do anything for that but we should work hard and be successful in this field so that it will be of benefit in the days to come.
In the fight against the coronavirus, countries around the world have developed many test methods; Germany, however, has been specially trained.
“When you go to my constituency, up to Umroi, you will see that the dew trade is going on quickly and if the government doesn't want to say anything on this issue, it means that it is afraid that the truth will come out,” he said. said Pyngrope.
Love is a powerful weapon of marketing strategy.
Then the new political party like the VPP which the people still like the song in Prah, followed by the Congress party which the people still trust in the state after the people elected three MLAs. in this recent election.
The country lost this freedom fighter or Fredom Fighter with his death on April 3,
And he is the mediator of a new covenant for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first covenant" Hebrews 9′′1
He also told the meeting that he came from a poor family, and he is like this now all because of the grace and presence of God. , even if they come from a poor family, the important thing is to put God first in their lives.
He said that the winners of the raffle ticket draw will be announced on this day.
In the opening match of the tournament, AB FC beat SK United XI 2-1
The cases arrested include entering prohibited areas, overloading, accidents, illegal driving, driving without a license, driving a motorcycle without a helmet and others. .
Just as a good friend promised, Because they loved each other, they didn't want to turn away.
– German “Weihnachtsfest” from ancient German (12th century) “Wihenahten” (holy night); other Germanic words have the new word “Yul” which can refer to the festive season of the ancient Germanic peoples.
Patrick Stewart, one of the stars of Star Trek, will be released soon in the film industry. your syllable.
He urged the people to support the 16 candidates nominated by the VPP to bring about change for the better and all this is in the hands of the voters of the constituencies. Shillong, July 17 : The Cabinet meeting today has increased the Contingency Fund of the Government from Rs 1300 crore to Rs 1800 crore.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of July in Khliehriat.
And the king said unto the young man, Go into the field, and I will give thee a little.
To curb the increase in the price of beverages due to the presence of smugglers, the Minister urged the traders to cooperate with the Police and District Administration and at the same time promised to provide protecting merchants and shopkeepers if necessary.
After receiving a tip, police have arrested Rongsrang M Sangma, 29, of Gittingre village, South Garo Hills District. He was arrested from Rapdikgre village under Williamnagar police station, said SP Shailendra Bamaniya on Tuesday.
Mawkyrwat, March 05: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle and Mawkyllut Unit have met with the employees of banks in Mawkyrwat Area with letters to inform them. the problems faced by the public in relation to the language or the working methods of the employees in the banks.
We too will not run this state from Bengal.
“Shen we can finish this work. Now it remains to hold a public hearing,” he said.
Their visit was on the night of 13th and 14th November 2021, when a policeman was injured in the bomb blast.
He said that the KSU has also tried to meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare but as she is outside Shillong, she has been informed by telephone.
(b) It is not permissible to be afraid of a Magician who wears a Shñiuh or Jaiñphong, because in such a case, that Magician takes advantage of Fear.
WJH took the opportunity to bat first, but their choice did not work as they scored only 116 runs from 40 overs.
Yoohimiootre Patweth of HUCC scored 194 runs for the loss of 10 wickets.
The dorbar will sit for seven days.
Mukhap village is located near the office of the BDO of Laskeiñ block and is about 40 kilometers from Jowai village. Rural Empowerment (SURE) and NESFAS, Shillong have brought the seeds which the farmers in the area are still using today.
According to a source, the incident happened in 2014, but the child did not dare to tell anyone about the incident. The father of the girl has threatened to kill her if she tells him that he will kill her and she has listened until the father has committed the crime until this year. 2017.
If a hospital is recognized by NABH, it is considered to be a good health facility and is recognized internationally.
The Blood Is Long.
In the letter, Pala said that the Constitution of India allows all citizens to freely worship or follow any religion and this is their right.
Police can take action and punish those responsible, warn police officials.
ft but with this island of only 15 thousand sq.ft, the land of 156 acres has been covered.
Shillong, Nailur 17 : The Leader of the Opposition and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that if there is corruption in the state, no armed groups or insurgents will emerge.
In this age, the relationship between children and parents has changed completely.
Raja Brahma, Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi, Police Chiefs of Ri Bhoi, as well as government officials and Assam Police were present.
GUWAHATI: The peace talks between the Indian government and the NSCN-IM, seems to have fallen far away after the Indian government decided that the flag of the NSCN-IM, will be the flag of the NSCN-IM, only a symbolic flag or cultural flag, but it shall not be the flag of the Nagas or what shall be known as the Naga national flag.
“If the government continues to allow us, we will not refuse to protest even if we are threatened,” said Bah Roipar.
"We offer to support any country that has been selected to host the World Cup," Hammond told BBC World Service radio, adding that the final decision is FIFA's. FIFA President Sepp Blater has resigned from his post to continue the investigation.
Tip how can you do that ? What will follow then ? Have the candidates who are standing ever thought about this... Where will they go, and who will they make a covenant with when 10 months ago the election was held in an incomprehensible way... There is only one way.
“Even the Chairman of the Drafting Committee of our Constitution, Dr. BR Ambedkar, has commented on this,” he said, quoting Dr. Ambedkar.
The award was given to Bah Thabah for the distribution of ration to 20 households in Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills. The editor of the newspaper 'U Nongsaiñ Hima', Bah Lambok Thabah, has been one of the 59 journalists in India who have received the award. Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards organized by the Express Group for their service and contribution through their newspapers in various parts of the country related to the welfare of the people.
Kerlang Tlang scored the first goal for Khliehriat West in the 44th minute.
Tura's victory came through Shahin Alom who tied alone for 42 runs off 43 balls but lost a wicket to EGH bowler Gulgul Sangma. 2 wickets for 16 runs in 7.5 overs.
Another complaint is that there have been complaints from Majai on these 12 issues that the Syiem has held a dorbar only for foreigners in Majai in October this year, without informing the owners. When asked for clarification, Bah Latiplang said that the answer he received from the Syiem is that the Khasi don't respect the Syiem anymore. you are at peace.
“We hope that those in positions of position and power will speak out against those people and groups who persecute Christians and people who exercise their right to vote. “The Prime Minister's strong silence against those who insult Christians and other minorities,” said Rev Dr Edwin H Kharkongor. it is very surprising.
“DHS(MI) Dr Aman War has served for 33 years in rural and urban areas of the State in various positions until he reached the position of Director of Health Services without any complaints and The MMSA said in a petition signed by President Dr Y.Phira and General Secretary Dr. R Pohsnem.
The WJDSA is as it is now with the support of the Dorbar Shnongs and Village Councils until it has been able to purchase its own sports ground - U Kiang Nangbah Stadium and with the help of the government it has also been able to build the buildings. also to build the field.
Shillong: U THS Bonney today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, urging him to intervene and provide assistance to Michael Warjri who was attacked by robbers at his residence. The incident occurred at Balakhawa, Ri-Bhoi on Tuesday.
Once agreed after discussion, all Ministers must accept and support the Government, otherwise they will have to resign.
Gilfred Sing Giri, son of (L) Bressimai Khyriemmujat and (L) Olim Sing Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima, passed away on Tuesday (25/08/2023) at his residence in Nongrimbah. Lighthouse.
“The complaint alleges that Gokhale is accusers and disrespectful of the rule of law and is notorious for making false allegations against government officials and officials,” he said. said the statement.
“The party does not recognize these 26 members except for two of them and they are not members of the party but they are still in talks to work together for the 2023 election,” said Namshai Ryngksai.
Dr. Sylvanus Lamare in his speech, called upon all to work together diligently in their role and contribute with the aim of bringing about cooperation for development.
The 25-year-old Chopra has been unbeaten this season, winning twice in the Diamond League in Doha (5 January) and in the Lausanne (July 30) before winning the World Championships.
Mukul said it is the government to take responsibility and keep its promises even if it is in charge of the illegal smuggling of coal. this action of the government.
And Herod said, Go and search diligently for the young child; and when ye have found him, bring me word again, that I may come and worship him also.
The CSWO said that such people should be punished according to the law.
On the 29/01/2023 the Holy Eucharistic Mass will be at 10 pm and before the Holy Mass there will be a blessing of the new church and at 1:30 pm there will be a Eucharistic Procession.
ng u Administrative & Developmental Officer, Dr.Peter Paul hauhnar.
The order also directs that the Co-Ordinating Officers who conduct the questions shall provide accurate records including the time of the conduct of the questions and all the necessary documents to ensure that there will be no deviation from the questions. Many schools especially from the rural areas have complained about the MBOSE rule because they don't want to spend time to ask questions from their Centers within 2 hours because many rural schools are far away. The distance from their centers and the time set by the MBOSE does not fall anymore and besides that the roads in the rural areas are very bad.
The residents of Sohmynting have unanimously elected Lephing Pyrtuh as Waheh Shnong.
A doctor of NEIGRIHMS who is treating in the Covid Ward has contracted the virus from one of the patients he is treating at the hospital and has been placed in the Isolation Ward. I have been infected with the virus from one person who tested positive recently, 1 I am a patient at the Civil Hospital, 2 cases from Ri-Bhoi have returned from Bihar, one of them is a returnee from Assam while the other is a nurse for the COVID-19 hospital.
Kumari said all the released children had boarded a train on Sunday to go to Sahebganj.
Speaking at the meeting, the HYC leaders said that this election campaign is not for any political party or candidate and the meeting was held to campaign for the election. to explain to the citizens of the state that when they elect their leaders in the upcoming elections they should elect with that spirit of responsibility and judgment and not just elect or decide blindly.
The owners of the house suspected that the fire may have been caused by a short circuit in the electrical supply from the meter box.
Nevertheless, these organizers decided to go ahead with the plan to hold a public meeting and were booked under IPC section
The day was filled with songs, dances and dramas by the students.
There are 18 projects implemented in Shillong Smart City.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3 : Police today arrested four persons suspected of involvement in the robbery of people on the occasion of the FKJGP march on the 28th of this month.
Jowai, July 11: The Community Institute of Technology (CIT) Mowkaiaw Centre, on the 10th of this month, held a Felicitation Program to distribute Certificates and Start Up Tools to 34 trainees. The training was attended by Bah A Malngiang, General Manager, DCIC Jowai who was the chief guest. (Chief Guest) Lambormi Suchen, Skill Development Officer, MSSDS, West Jaintia Hills The Community Institute of Technology (CIT) Center has completed the training of embroidery and embroidery for 34 girls. for the purpose of encouraging young people to start their own businesses.
Two more people died on Friday, bringing the total number of lives lost to
At present, only 2 ventilators and 2 BiPAPs have been installed in Mawkyrwat, for the residents of the district as a whole. Increase the number of positive cases, especially those who are seriously ill in the coming days.
Earlier, the EM incharge of Trade, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that the Council will immediately suspend the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners. KHNAM MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit said that the ethnic parties in the last elections have been involved in the labor license. They also demanded the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Recently, in a meeting with the Director, the KSU learned that the applicants from the state have received examination centers in Shillong, Guwahati, Jorhat and Delhi.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
Imphal: Bollywood actor Randeep Hooda has arrived in Imphal for his wedding to Manipur actress Lin Laishram.
The Government of Meghalaya on 16th November 2019 has announced that the consultation on the amendment of the IFA 1927 has progressed,” said the MPHRC. The draft amendment to the Indian Forest Act (IFA), 1927 because the introduction and proposed amendment of this Act relating to forests will pose a serious threat not only to the forest dwellers since ancient times but for the development of the country and this will have a serious impact not only on the environment but also on the environment. The Human Rights of the people of the country, the people of the country throughout the country.
The Prime Minister also mentioned Baba Saheb's strong commitment to the establishment of factories for the empowerment of Dalits and how Dr. Syama Prasad Mukherjee introduced the first Industrial Policy as Minister. The first is the Department of Industry.
I have to express my feelings and views on this issue of cow slaughter because as the days go by, the slaughter of cows has become a place of robbery and robbery of money from the poor. I'm happy especially here in Jaintia Hills, because we see that the entry fee is too high for the cow owners or fete makers, whether it's arranged by the cow owners or fete makers, or by different villages. The entrance fee was charged up to 200 rupees per person for fighting cows that were not very prominent, and for fighting cows that were not very prominent. such as Jrah, Satya, Germany, or Heavy Cows etc. The ticket price is up to 300 tyngka each, and this is the excessive price of the managers and profiteering to make a lot of money by beating and torturing the The poorest of the poor who want to visit but unfortunately have to pay 200 300 tyngka just to reach the square before entering to see those famous cows of our Khasi Jaintia Hills.
“This repair will be completed on Tuesday,” said Kong Lyngdoh.
You may be a developed country or you may be from a poor country but the truth is that you will always have generations who still have to take part in the struggle for employment. , and just because you don't need a job, you don't have a reason to leave.
It is also worth mentioning that the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, are very worried that this virus will happen in 2020; However, if it doesn't happen in 2022, then the fields will be filled with 100,000 books.
On such holidays and special days, SPARK works hard to bring together all the children from poor families to meet together as a family.
Pradeep Varun took three wickets and Yogendra Singh took one wicket.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The North Eastern Council (NEEDP) in collaboration with the B-School Incubator IIM Calcutta Innovation Park, today launched the first North Eastern Entrepreneurship Development Program (NEEDP) at the NEC Secretariat, Nongrim. Hillsha Shillong.
All three are residents of Mawlai Phudmuri.
Even in the photographs taken by the Prime Minister across the state at the expense of the Government, only the Modi scheme was mentioned and the photographs of the Prime Minister and the MLAs were also included. NPP but not a single picture of Narendra Modi has been posted.
In this age, we hear of various Seng Kurs and it is here that the authority of the kni lies.
“Instead of fighting illegally, they should have implemented the Mining Policy as soon as possible to help the poor and we will plant flowers.
The forms have been given to the truck drivers to fill up and submit to any SBI branch. They must submit their valid License, Resident Certificate from the Rangbah Shnong, and 2 Passport photographs. .
He said that the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has been dumping garbage in Mynkjai for 40 years.
Fourth and final “YOUTH AND POLITICS”: As I mentioned at the beginning, youth make up about 30-40% of the population in our State.
They don't respect you.
Therefore, we demand that the report should be handed over to the relatives of the deceased and that all the procedures should be completed as soon as possible and the report of the investigation should be made public,” said the HYC. The letter was signed by the President Robert June Kharjahrin and the General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
Dr. M. Ampareen Lyngdoh, who was sworn in as the Minister of the new Government, will look after the portfolios including Health, Agriculture, Information and Public Relations (IPR) and Law.
Nongpoh “The 22 Khasi villages in Block-2 have fallen under Assam, however, in the current border talks, Meghalaya will talk for the return of the Khasi villages. “These villages should belong to Meghalaya, because most of the people living in these villages are Khasi,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Child marriage:- Child marriage to a woman also encourages child marriage, because a man can marry at any time because there is no need to take responsibility for the household or children. from his husband but it is the relatives of the woman who shall be responsible for the woman and her children in any case.
Nongpoh, June 20: The Dorbar Shnongs of nine villages in Eastern Ri-Bhoi District have recently formed the Umïam Hazard Area Collective Forum (UHACF) to urge the State Government to take measures to protect them. Residents living at the foot of Pung Umïam due to the danger and fear of the collapse of the dam from the collapsed bridge.
God became a man so that we could become gods.
A little allowed, a little not allowed, a half allowed, a half allowed all: such things bring anger to those who are affected.
“Children with disabilities really need special schools and the government should take action on this issue,” said Bah Renik and promised to take action to speak to them. The Government has urged the schools across the villages to have a special allocation of existing teachers to be sent to training centers to be qualified to teach the children who have a disability.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Rose Kharsyntiew said that Banet's Beauty Parlor in Mairang Village has been the first center to provide training to the youth of the village and the area by issuing certificates. The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, District.
The deceased was identified as K.Marngar from Laitkseh village and according to the information received by this reporter, she used to go with her husband. They used to drive from Sohiong to get medicine.
The PROGRESS scheme aims to ensure the income of farmers through various agricultural activities.
The boundary of the new Civil Sub Division includes the Pomlum GS Circle, in which the villages will be Pomlum, Nongjri, Wahskong, Mawkajem, Ladmawkhap, Mawkhap, Mawah, Dymmiew and Massar. , Wahkhen, Japanese and British.
In the second half, East Jaintia scored 123/4 with Bitu Lama scoring 34 runs while Benedict Makdoh scored 2/29 runs. He was named the best player of the match.
The Chief Guest also encouraged the Club to continue to grow in all aspects and promised to be with it in its efforts from this opening day and in the future.
Modi's hard work can be seen by everyone," he said.
Senior BJP leader from Tripura – Biswabandhu Sen, MLA on 24th of this month was elected as the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the state.
Therefore, the party invites all the Sengbhalang, Village Authorities and the people in the district to come together and take part in this protest with placards on the above demands, said the statement. Rutherford Lyngdoh, General Secretary KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the MDCs have strongly condemned the illegal promulgation of the KHADC Land Development and Building Regulation, The Supreme Court has decided to take the matter to the High Court to challenge the government's illegal decision on the Council Building Act.
In the remaining minutes many chances were missed by both sides.
“The people who trade coal have told me that there is no High Level anymore since Bah Tynsong took over the Ministry of Home Affairs because he has abolished the high levels.
He said that although the Government has not yet received a clear letter from the HNLC, it will take action on this issue. The Government will hold an emergency meeting to discuss the HNLC's announcement. One of the demands of the HNLC leaders is that the Government should remove the all cases against members and leaders of the party.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Dorbar of the Chief Executive Members of Mylliem Hima held today at the Dorbar Hall of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in Mawkhar, Shillong has strongly opposed the amendment of the KHADC Law on the Hima Forest. you are on Lum Mawpath.
He said that during the award ceremony, the villagers encouraged Mawlynnong to continue its cleanliness and to win many awards as it is already a clean village. most in Asia.
Members of these two groups (FKJGP and KSU) did not do anything illegal when they went to arrange the time of entry of trucks to Mawlai,” said a statement from FKJGP East Khasi Hills.
He also said that all three countries have a commitment to strengthen security and cooperation in the Indo-Pacific.
The question is whether there is no case of covid19 in these places? Or do Christians no longer work or go to these places? In these places, all kinds of people, from different villages and places have gathered, but there is no fear of covid1
Earlier, South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to urge him to take action to release the monthly allowance to the poor, disabled, women and children. death of a husband who has been suspended for more than 10 years since the previous government.
“Even when the listeners go to church, I don't hear anyone praising God when they leave the church.
Of these 124, 59 are for externally aided projects or development projects or foreign-funded projects.
The political situation in the state is still unclear between the Prime Minister's faction and his opponents.
He admitted that the AITC does not pose any threat to the NPP but will be dissolved before the elections.
He said that the village has now grown in the village, whether it is in terms of schools, health centre, roads and others from the schemes. MGNREGS scheme or the 100 days bill.
A little bit about the Shad Sukra and Pastieh:-This Shad Sukra is a festival that has been held in Jaintia Hills since the time of the ancients. From the end of October to June, the Seiñ Raij Tuber started with the Ryngkaw Kñia and then on the Hat (Market Day) or Kyllaw, the Ryngkaw Kñia was completed. All the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber should not go to work on this day Kyllaw, the Lyngdoh, the Lyngdoh, the Wasan on this day is their Sabbath and on this day At midnight, the Lyngdoh and the Wasan perform the Shathoh kñia at about 1 pm. This kñia is performed at the Iung Blai Lyngdoh in Tuberkmai Shnong. At about 1 o'clock in the evening, the Priest takes the seed and plants it in the field as a sign that the Priest has completed the sowing. and they made the feast of Sukra.
Sangma, while appealing to all the employees to return to work, urged the GHADC authorities to respond by 10th October with the threat that an indefinite strike will start from 11th October. If you don't receive a reply within this period.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Manshailang Kharmalki General Secretary of Seng Samla Saitsohpen who said that the campaign to avoid piracy of Khasi and Jaintia films is part of the support. He said that the organization is ready to work with MeFilMA to promote filmmaking.
The deceased was identified as Aiban Khymdeit, 35, resident of Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
The HNLC has also vowed to blow up the dewbilat factory at Star Cement, the homes of ministers, MLAs and senior officials in the state.
For more information please call or WhatsApp on 9233447290,
Meghalaya's next match will be against Mumbai today.
With this victory, Mulang Ialong and Dulong will compete for the title on the 15th of July, 2023 which is the Independence Day.
They demanded that these violators should not be punished and should not be fined, as they have violated the rules and regulations laid down by the State Government.
The incident that shocked all the faithful of the Catholic Church, when a priest, died suddenly, while preaching and this is the incident that happened in Cameroon.
The robbers, who kidnapped the sying trader, released him last night without causing any injury and the reason, it is understood, was due to fear of the police.
He also admitted that payments for NREGA have been pending for many years in many blocks and even payments for equipment have been pending for 4-5 years.
He said that many of the people who have implemented the MDC schemes are not contractors, but the failure to pay the GST has cost them.
Binesroy Khonglah, Assistant General Secretary, JSU War Jaintia Circle, who is from Lamin, expressed his pride in the achievement of Dimarkithmu Gayang. JSU War Jaintia Circle, JSU War Jaintia Circle, under the leadership of JNM, Lamin, has come to the Top 5 position in the SSLC. President Samla Eddy Kery Pohtam urged the students to be strong and have the goal to reach higher levels so that they can lead the country and the nation in many fields. claim.
“We have come to meet the DC to discuss and put forward a letter to the Election Commission that children should not be allowed to participate in the elections especially in the elections. rally or any meeting related to election matters,” said Bah Shabong.
Khliehriat, March 02 : The East Jaintia Hills Cricket Association (ECLA) today held a special meeting at the East Site Inn Hotel to discuss the objectives of the Association. Addl Superintendent of Police, MCS, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, speaking as the chief guest, encouraged the leaders of the Association to continue to promote the sport. cricket to bring and develop especially the children who have the talent to play.
In November last year, KAS held a mass protest at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution. .
But don't think that I have left the party, because I still want to throw a stick against the image of Singh.
So far, the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam under the leadership of Conrad Sangma and Himata Biswa Sarma have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to end the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam in the first phase.
They went out on the street to call for people and some people immediately called the police who arrived at the scene.
During the time of the leadership of Jesus Christ there was a Judas.
The father's birth does not disturb the race but cleanses the jyrsieh and the blood of the mother.
Laitumkhrah SC vs Madanrting SC, Mawlyngngad SC vs Mawnianglah Youth SC, Laitlulong SC vs Lamlynti SC (Sohiong), Diliengiem YSCWA Khliehriat, Nailur 29: The 1st Division Football Tournament will be played between Iatyllilang SC, Pomura SC and Laitkroh SC and the final match will be between Lummawbah SC and Umsohsun SC. The EJHDFA (EJHDFA) held a meeting on Thursday at Deinchynrum Square, Khliehriat.
In the 2024 Lok Sabha elections, Meghalaya will have two constituencies, Shillong and Tura.
It is necessary for the churches to speak and explain to the believers about the dangers of drugs so that young people can avoid being influenced by their peers into bad habits. It is difficult to break its chains, as Myllung Soso Tham had foreseen.
Sharma said the strike will continue for three days and on the 28th of June, they will hold a public holiday.
As part of the solidarity with the country, the education department of East and West Jaintia districts also celebrated Teachers' Day.
Shillong: The MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, has raised a issue in the Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the construction of a Transit Camp by Assam within the border of Meghalaya.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah R.Rapthap, congratulated the CSR department of Star Cement for conducting this Star Merit Test and for providing scholarships to the students from He also requested the management of the company to contribute to the new education policy, said Bah Rapthap. I would also like to congratulate all the recipients of this scholarship who have done very well in the examination of Class XII and said that this amount of money has been donated. and child support, it is true that it is difficult for those families who are still economically disadvantaged to support their children in higher studies, and say let this be an opportunity that At the same time, he encouraged the students to continue their studies as the students are the rishot of the state.
Therefore, the people of Andhra Pradesh have requested the relevant authorities to examine the fish imported from Andhra Pradesh to find and ban the sale of fish in the market to avoid the impact of the people in the market. on the health side.
There are those who forgive half their cards. There are those who forgive all their bills when they are sick in hospital, which affects the poor. I urge you media to ask for clarification from the government.
As soon as the news came out in Delhi, it has shocked the people of the state that the bread they used to eat here has turned out to be the same as in Delhi.
West Sahara authorities on Monday said 16 refugees trying to reach Tunisia and Western Sahara had died while crossing the sea.
It is learned that when the teachers of the college expressed their opposition to this illegal act, Dr Hagjer thanked her and said that it was the KAAC authorities who ordered the to collect the rent.
Imphal: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has arrested six persons arrested by the Manipur Police in connection with the clean-up operation in Manipur. that is the population of the state of Manipur.
You won 4-1 in a shootout.
In the past it is known that the kings of Jaintiapur were praised by the Hindu scholars until they accepted the Hindu religion and immediately tried to introduce into the religion the customs of their children. It is in Nartiang that the Durga Puja is celebrated together with the Hindu community across India.
There are allegations that even while we are all fighting against the Covid-19 pandemic, there are those in charge of the health department who are making money to enrich themselves.
Shillong: There have been 22 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, 33 cases have recovered and one person has died.
Jowai, Naiwieng 05: The Rotary Club Jowai has appointed new office bearers for the term 2023-24 under the leadership of Rtn.
Bah Shylla said that if a young man confesses that he was attempted to be killed by those who were killed because of suspicion of menshohnoh, the word Ngeit bieh should be removed.
We are still seeking Rs 2.42 crore from the central government to meet all the requirements,” she said.
To express their strong opposition to the decision of the Department of Mineral Resources to allow the 12 tires, Bah Passih said that the Association will hold an emergency meeting on the 3rd of June at 1 pm at 7-mer, where the meeting will discuss whether to force the department to suspend the order.
Besides, the wife of the father who cared for the child has also passed away a long time ago and now there are only the father Jangson and his brother.
“Egenstar Kurkalang said that tomorrow when the BJP comes to power, it will expose the corruption and evil deeds of the Congress government.
However, it was only on that day that Russia was able to see the fruits of its hard work and saw the power of this nuclear weapon.
If this doesn't affect our minds, how can he lay the foundation for literature? Was it because he was English? He will be able to do miracles, or whatever comes to our minds.
Conrad said that before the meeting, he heard the commotion outside and sent Sengbhalang leaders to visit and explain to the people.
Emlang Laoo of the Congress, Dawan Lyngdoh of the UDP, Rimiki Sari of the BJP and Generous Pasleiñ as the Independent candidate.
Following the incident, the Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier, Pradip Kumar, ordered a Court of Inquiry headed by a DIG officer. Three BSF personnel identified as Moni Singh, Head Constable, Sengel Singh, Constable and Kdam Kishore, Driver, were arrested.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 20: An Art and School of Music School at Mawïong Pyndengrei, which has been registered with the Government, last month has been awarded the prize. and to accept immediate admission to the students who wish to attend the training.
According to Purno, the government should take measures to create jobs for the youth, provide training and other activities to boost the income of the state.
She condemned the incident and said that justice must stand for this incident.
From now on, if the MBOSE wants to change the question setting methods, it should notify all schools so that they can teach the students in the classroom according to that model of question setting methods, not don't just set as many as you want.
Passengers from Motphran who wanted to travel around the country had to wait for hours.
There are those who believe that the boundary arrangement or the signboard is illegal, but this is not the end, because the authority of the DC, Shillong and the land owners, They have received a lot of money, because they have been allowed to erect signs on their land and if there is any intention to block, it shows that it is an act against the land owners.
It is here that the Seventh Trumpet will begin, and God will pour out His final wrath upon Satan Lucifer, and put an end to the things of the devil and Satan.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner promised to take action on these issues and congratulated the leaders of the party for their attention for the welfare of the residents of the district. whole.
Shillong, November 16: U Bah David Nongrum, MLA of Mawryngkneng, on Tuesday said that he will not contest the MDC elections to be held soon next year but will only order some of his supporters. I don't know if I'm going to get a ticket to the Congress.
National People's Party (NPP) Leader James Sangma on November 8, 2013, said that as MP, Agatha Sangma, who has worked hard for the Garo Hills and the party, has gone ahead to contest as a candidate in this seat.
There are 31 recoveries, including 30 from East Khasi Hills and one from Ribhoi District.
To enrich the day, there was a traditional dance with the participation of the Seiñ Raij Muthlong, a shooting competition with the participation of the Seiñraij Khliehriat, Nangbah, Diengshynrum, Sabahmuswang and other Raijs.
He said that the electricity in the area is like a disco light, it burns suddenly and goes out suddenly and there are cases when MeECL provides electricity in the morning, while at night they have to stay in the dark.
Therefore, the Village Leaders would like to clarify to the public especially to the residents that there has been no such distribution of foodgrains by the Seng in the Village and at the same time the Seng has warned the Seng that from now on it should not distribute foodgrains. If they want to do any work in the village, they should inform the Waheh Shnong of the village.
Shillong: The Congress government in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has opposed the short speech of the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy on the opening day of the Budget Session.
Therefore, the school children and students of the nation, don't be afraid or afraid to learn and know their own stories of the heroes and heroes. In the meantime, take the books and read carefully about them, and later you will find the symbols of thought that are like stones that will become the treasures of everyday life. your.
However, he said they want the government to continue to run the 108 as it has done.
Jowai, Nailar 19: The JSM Students' Movement (JSU) in the presence of General Secretary Roitre Dkhar, Working President JSM CB Jimmy Raul Kharmuti and President JSM WR Ribok N Biam today welcomed the President of JSM WR Ribok N Biam. Rangbah Pynbiang Rymbai as EC Member of the Central Body together with his followers and on the same day the Moodymmai Unit was also launched.
Police have launched an investigation to find out the root cause of the incident which took the lives of these people and injured others.
During the inspection, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh together with PD Sona, Speaker of the Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly, discussed the issue.
There will also be dancing after the ceremony.
The most common of all these differences is the brotherhood of the Christian churches who are united to focus on their faith and to follow that overseas teaching which has nothing to do with real life in society such as the Khasi people are not complete.
The union is surprised to find that the area has turned into a factory with more than 50 quarries, and quarries which have destroyed the mountains for hundreds of meters and destroyed the environment and land. rep or neighbour.
He also urged the government to take action to address the problems of the workers who look after the midday meal.
There are 116 poems in the 181-page collection of poems 'Na tduh i tmurt'
One of them is Sub-Inspector Showel Markhap of Border Wing Home Guards Battalion, Mawdiangdiang and the other is Rajesh G Momin, instructor of the District Home Guards Training Center in West Khasi Hills.
No further information has been received on the incident.
Nongpoh: Unidentified robbers have robbed a dead cow at Wah Umran on the border of Nongthymmai village and below. There is no dead cow, there is another Tyllong tan umbam, which is distributed to various villages in Nongpoh.
Do they still want to continue this work for decades after 50 years?
After October 2, 2023, the wisdom, understanding as well as the ignorance and weakness of the people can be judged and seen.
It was reported that one vote was cast incorrectly, in which the opposition admitted that it should have gone in their direction.
These include televisions, LED/LCD TVs under 19 inches, juti worth T.500 to T.1,000 each, soaps, desktops. , laptops and tablets, water purifiers, petrol and others.
Prestone said that after the end of the 15 days on the 10th of November, the committee will take a decision what to do for those people who live in Them Metor.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : U National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today expressed his confidence that the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Samlin Malngiang will win the election. The MLA election from Sohiong constituency will be held on 10th June.
Those who have become addicted to drugs take years to break free from the habit.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Stay safe Mr K #Bellbottom Repost@akshaykumar Lights, camera, #Bellbottom in ACTION" wrote Akshay's wife.
They were arrested by the police.
Leishiyo Keishing, MLA of Manipur, has written to the Prime Minister N Biren Singh to request him to take steps to evacuate Myanmar refugees. that they come.
The Nartiang-Jonglwit-Barato road is 15 km long and was constructed through the Central Road Fund (CRF) in 2019 at a cost of T.89,80,0
In a letter signed by the President of MPUF-EJHD, Bah Kyrshan Blah, he urged the police to punish those who drive without license according to the rules of law. and from those who drive small chariots and two-wheeled chariots.
Time doesn't wait for anyone but it goes on without stopping.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: As a sign of condolences and in the spirit of responsibility to the brothers and sisters, today a group of 30 members have left for the relief of A donation of money and bedding to a family in Jashiar village, South West Khasi Hills District.
In the semi-final, Laitkor beat Lumparing 4-1
JSU Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen said that 108 employees of Assam have protested against GVK in Assam, but there has been no salary cut from the employees and here in Meghalaya the company has stopped. and powerful.
Emlangki said that the Lumshnong C&RD Block will benefit the entire Narpuh area, as there are more than 38 villages and more than 55,000 residents in this area.
Beijing: The coronavirus in China has spread to meat shops in Beijing and many meat vendors in the city have been infected.
The epicenter of the quake was located in Bangladesh at 8:19 PM at latitude 25.02 north and longitude 92.13 east.
Vincent Pala said that looking at the situation in the country as a whole, this plan does not fit at all.
US National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan on Tuesday said the situation between China and the US could lead to conflict if not improved.
According to a letter from Maya Prakash, Director (P&B) Ministry of Road Transport, Govt.
They forbade the cleansing of the body by burning it.
Why didn't those who killed Jesus hang him on a cross, why didn't they kill him with a sword or a stone? because they wanted to put Jesus to that most cruel and shameful death.
Unless we eliminate corruption, unfounded pride and unless we grow to the optimum level and improve the marriage and family customs, we will be overwhelmed by the ILP and check gates will not protect us. this this.
Encouraging the youth to love their job, he recalled that there was a Khasi youth who left his job from America and came to his own state to raise fish and grew up. The umngap he produces is now exported to Dubai and Germany and there is a huge demand for umngap from these countries because it is perfect.
This rakot flower eats insects such as flies and other insects, and inside it, it contains fresh water and the water of this flower can be used as medicine. but if you use the water from this flower, it is the water that is still covered and not the water that has been opened.
Jowai, Nailur 17: The three most important issues for the information of those involved in the coal industry in West Jaintia Hills District, are that the coal tax paid should be paid at the Divisional Office. Officer, Jowai within 14 (fourteen) days on working days from 15th July
The Meghalaya government on Tuesday transferred several policemen to the rank of Superintendent of Police (SP) in the districts.
IGP (Operations) GHP Raju said the GNLA and ULFA were involved in the abduction from Dadenggre, Phulbari and Tikrikilla.
He said that as women besides their work they also have a great role in the society from eradicating crime in the village, looking after the household and especially the establishment of SHGs. as a support to the women in the village and also urged the women in the village to have unity for the development of the village and all aspects.
Mawrie welcomed former KHADC CEM Martamlin Pyrbot, who came to join the Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) today, and confirmed that in the coming days, many leaders who will come to join the party.
Meanwhile, in Group B, Maw U-Tieng SC and Iasnohktilang Madanrting FC drew 1-1 in the last match of the group.
These foods are:-Berries: Berries are those fruits that contain polyphenols-antioxidants-which help reduce the risk of diseases affecting the heart or blood vessels.
In the second innings, Hurdles CC, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 170 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
In the 61st minute, Rangdajied opened the scoring through Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nongkhnum Circle has demanded that the District Medical and Health Officer (DMHO), West Khasi Hills District should look into the shortcomings of the two Sub-Centres. inadequate for providing service to the public.
In a statement, Bah Banker Lymba said that according to the announcement, the trucks should have carried less than 9 tonnes but they carried more than 20-22 tonnes of coal to be shipped to Bangladesh. There is a risk of traffic jam which affects the people if anything happens.
On 30th March, the state government has ordered the owners and residents of nine villages in Shillong to register themselves through the app. The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016 is in place to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
Shah said the Incident Response System has been implemented in 20 states and UTs but 16 states have not yet implemented it.
After taking a 6-0 lead, India ended the fourth quarter with two more goals in the 54th and 59th minutes from Annu and Deepika Sr. .
Shillong: Regarding the circulation of a video on Facebook, which shows the Lama of India being thrown by unidentified persons, the Meghalaya Police Department has issued a notice to the people of Meghalaya. A Suo Moto Case has been filed.
When asked about the areas that need to be returned from Assam to Meghalaya such as Block-I and Block-II, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta said that this question should not be discussed because there are still discussion and after the meetings a decision will be taken.
The house will be built on an area of ​​3000 sq meter donated by the Dorbar Shnong and the cost of construction will be 16,66,000 tyngka.
The Inner Line Permit is not valid, while the International Love Permit is valid.
The man was identified as Mohamed Bendriss and he had a child, while his wife was pregnant with another child. and he died without having time to treat him.
A day before the meeting, a special meeting will be held with the Chief Secretaries of the North Eastern States, Secretaries of Ministries of the Government of India, representatives of the NITI Aayog, the Director General (Assam). Shillong, July 16: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday sought clarification from the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar. Warjri after videos were circulated on social media that the children who took part in the opening day of the Meghalaya Games 2024 in Tura on Tuesday received only chips, samosas, biscuits that don't make anything.
He said that according to the Prime Minister, Mukul Sangma has monitored the matter through the Education and Social Welfare Department but it is not known how it is.
Nongpoh, Naitung 07: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Whitewater Village at Umtham village for the development of rafting. sports and especially to develop the skills of the youth of this village from childhood to compete in other parts of the world.
Nongpoh, Nailar 17 : Sunshine Makri from Umsning Constituency has not yet been confirmed whether he will get the UDP ticket to contest the 2023 election from Umsning Constituency. The Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPC) today appointed as the President of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPC) to lead the group which is preparing to contest the 2023 election from Umsning Constituency.
The Fire and Emergency Service, Byrnihat immediately arrived and tried to rescue the body outside the river, but due to lack of knowledge, the search and rescue operation was suspended. day.
Ho,oid now in the past few months, thanksgiving to God and the authorities of our country for allowing some children to come to school has helped them. poor families to continue their education.
They also distributed fish farmers to the farmers of the District in the Khasi Hills, as a continuation of the “Apiculture-1” which started in
It is also a training for hospitals on how to provide emergency treatment to the people affected by disasters such as earthquakes, earthquakes or hurricanes.
Therefore, although the union did not meet the officer whom they intended to leave, they sent a statement that the union does not allow and will continue to seek more information, so that all the facts can be revealed. I don't know why, but I don't know why politicians are not involved in this matter.
“With their coming to join our party NPP, we will be able to serve better for them and for the followers who will soon join the party,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Twinkle said that she has the talent to sing but because she comes from a poor family in terms of income, she is not able to sing. It is difficult for her to come forward especially to take part in larger events held outside the state.
Bah Sainkupar said that the party stands firm on the basis that they have, they will not surrender in any form.
Let us understand that we are all God's creatures so that we will all reach the grave at the end of life.
When inquired, Bah Nongrem acknowledged that the NPP's rally in Ranikor will continue, but added that the people who attended the rally of Danggo went with the idea that it was a rally of the NPP. Bah Kitboklang Nongrem said that the party will soon convene the General Meeting of the party in Rangthong on the 2nd of this month. 1st June to discuss this issue.
In collaboration with the Director of School Education and Literacy (DoSEL), SSA-SEMAM of the Government of Meghalaya, we will strengthen our commitment to bring about change in the lives of children. a non-governmental organization dedicated to enriching knowledge and leading the way to a brighter future.
Speaking to media, Rakkam said he would investigate whether the figure released by the Ministry of Education is true or not.
Many of our women have been calling the mynder-ri and the khyllahjait for ten or two years. as happened around Shillong and Ri Bhoi.
He knows that if the leaders have the responsibility, they can do it like Purna Sangma (father of the current Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma) has banned the Ministry from issuing Environmental Services. Clearance to mine uranium in Garo Hills in 2010 to protect the wildlife of Balphakram National Park.
The NH6 is located at the check gate and 8 hours from Shillong to Downtown Airport.
I was able to meet him only after duress because we as family members are entitled to know why," she said.
If the voting is a decision to get a change by spending money, it would be better if the Election Commission should allow those who contest elections to spend money as they feel necessary, and not Therefore, we must not arrest or punish those who give money because it is not worth it.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has approved the reopening of the Lad Smit Market, which has been closed since 27th November
The KSU Mawlai Circle has reminded that until these days before his death, he has done many good deeds for the people even though he is no longer the M.L.A/M.D.C.Ka KSU Mawlai Circle. It sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased and may the God of peace be with them.
grams and T.19,000 thousand.
The cost of the 71 km Shillong-Dawki road has reached more than Rs 1200 crore and the funding is through the Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
If it is possible, we want to get only what is good, that is the nature of man, but we cannot get only what we want or desire but we have to go through what God has done. thmu us that we may walk.
This is according to a statement issued by the office bearers of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association on the program before the athletes who will participate in various events leave to represent the state at the tournament in Goa.
Mawkyrwat, July 22: The Inter-Dong Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Marshilong Sports & Cultural Club has come to an end with Mawhiang B winning. and beat Mawhiang A 7-6 goals at Mawhiang Stadium, Marshilong, South West Khasi Hills District.
The Court said that besides the most dangerous mining, especially in the eastern parts of the State, there has been talk that the coal smuggled from the State has been smuggled outside the State. The coal is returned and smuggled to the neighboring country with forged documents, just to show that the coal comes from other States.
He said that more than 3000 players will take part in the tournament and even the venues have already been repaired.
With this victory, the two Khliehmyntriang and Rymbai Madanpynriang will play in the second division next season.
The winners of the Veteran Doubles received T.7000 and the runners-up received T.5000 cash prize.
Demands for UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath's resignation have intensified in recent days following the attack in Hathras and Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi has criticized him. , saying that laying off a few people doesn't make sense.
In a statement, KSU Sawsymper Circle President and General Secretary Belingstar Lyngkhoi congratulated Banskhemlang Mawlong on his success in his career. I hope that he will continue to bring great glory to the country, the nation, and also to bless the parents to have a healthy body and to be able to give their support to the encourage your child to have more opportunities to play well and to develop their talents.
In the past few years, the children of Hynniewtrep, Hynniewtrep Pansngiat, have not been able to come and accept the threat of the 'lapbah to inform the law enforcement authorities, the Government authorities and the political parties. hima sima, and the Dorbar Shnongs should have laws to protect their own people.
On the other hand, Dr Donkupar said that the election this time is slow and the reason is because many candidates do not have money.
Romi was awarded the award for Best Manipuri Feature Film, while Ratan won the award for Best Biographical Non-Feature Film.
Nongpoh: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education, today arrived in Ri Bhoi District to hand over a special book, which the state government has prepared for the Ri Bhoi College, so that the College can better meet the needs of the students in terms of training.
The union also demands that the government should implement the block as soon as possible, so that the people of the area will not suffer too much when they need it and it will also be of benefit to the residents.
Before the end of the first half, Mulang scored the third goal through Nidaroi Mulieh in the 60+9 minutes to secure the victory.
Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem replaced Pursunep in the 79th minute and Ronald Kydon Nonglait replaced Pursunep in the 79th minute. Hardy Cliff Nongbri came on in the 89th minute and Pynchelai Tyngkan came on for Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem in the 90th minute.
Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep has held a sit-in protest at Madan Malki to force the state government to take action on the demands of the group.
Perhaps, it is also hoped that the government's efforts to relocate the Meghalaya Secretariat to New Shillong will help to reduce traffic jam in the city by 30 to 40 percent.
In this regard, the ksu demands that MePDCL should immediately pay and provide for the treatment and other expenses related to the treatment of this child from the beginning until he leaves the hospital. .
On the other hand, expressing his concern over the electricity situation in the state, the Minister denied the allegations against him that he has canceled many projects. In the year 2008-2009, he was appointed as the Minister of Electricity.
Referring to the match between the two teams, the match was more friendly in which the players of Mawklot were better able to catch and pass the ball.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah BJ Kharshandi, EAC, West Jaintia Hills District.
For Priority House Hold (PHH) rice, 5 kilos per head at the price of Rs.3/- per kilo will be distributed in the villages.
Therefore, the union urges the authorities and the NHAI officials to clean up these cows, because if these many cows die in this area, it will cause damage to the health of the people. he added.
The JSU has also lodged a complaint with the DC to prove that Ayush Kumar is not entitled to the state quota for MBBS because he is a foreigner and his father has Aadhaar in Bihar. His father, who is employed at Dalmia Cement, is not entitled to PRC as he is not a resident of the state.
Virat Kohli, who was expected to break the record of former Australia captain Ricky Ponting, scored 117 runs off 113 balls including nine fours and 2 sixes.
One of the incidents that has been made public recently through social media and media is the BDO of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block who has not listened to the words of truth. A small request from the market and shopkeepers in Mawkyrwat.
The portrait of the prime minister is also in high demand and I also have portraits of Rahul Gandhi and Kamal Nathji,” said Kunal.
The story says that from that time onwards, the jait was changed from the man to the woman. There are also those who say that the transfer of the jait to the woman and the transfer of the property to the woman is according to the agreement between men and women who had one battle to fight and had no more slings to hold their ranks.
This is Meghalaya's second victory after beating Arunachal Pradesh and drawing Puducherry.
The income from each song is about 20 tyngka.
Aided School) which should be 40, 5 and
In the same way, the same “Khasi” are called by different names according to the different areas in which they live.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Tynsong said that before the establishment of factories in the State, there were 77 percent forests, of which 72 percent were managed by District Councils, Syiems, the Doloi and the private sector.
On the other hand, the police have imposed a fine on vehicles with even number plates as only vehicles with odd number plates can travel today.
On the longtrai and land tenure system in Diengpasoh, the village leaders said that about 80 per cent of Diengpasoh is raid land and about 20 per cent is private land.
According to the rules of covid 19, there is a law, which allows only 30 people, to attend any wedding.
After the construction of the road, transportation has become easier to go to Mawsynram market, and people have become more eager to go to the market dressed well because of the syep.
The Chief Minister was speaking on the zero hour notice issued by the UDP MLA from Mookaïaw, Bah Nujorki Sungoh on Thursday in the Legislative Assembly.
A total of 25 players from the North East Zone have been selected by the BCCI for the tournament.
In the second leg of the tournament, Mulait United FC beat Lamyrsiang FC 1-0
In June 2023, the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) has announced that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, will rank sixth in the wealthiest Chief Minister in the country. India.
The prisoner was arrested at Jowai PS for involvement in attempted murder and remanded at District Jail, Jowai.
“Therefore, the Dorbar of Nongjngi Elaka has decided to ban the traffic from Pnar to Karbi villages until the dispute between the Khanduli and Karbi villages is resolved,” said the Dolloi. Nongjngi District.
The handshake during the election will end only after the seventh election. When the election ends, we will work together to develop the nation.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today wrote to the Chief Secretary (CS) of Meghalaya to report on the problem of Dorbar Shnongs in running Quarantine Centers in the state.
The cleanliness drive was led by the Village Organization (VO) and the Women's Wing of Mukhla Nongrim.
Police have lodged two complaints, one for drugs and one for illegal cigarettes.
That night was remembered by Hiram and never forgotten in his heart.
The incident happened on Friday night at 7 PM at Amlanai.
God bless you.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. J.Suchiang congratulated the management of the JPC Market Committee for completing the construction of this place which is fully equipped for the sale of fish to the public.
For more information please call or whatsapp +91-8787463302, +91-8
The team strengthened especially in the back half and did not allow the Rajasthan players to score goals and in the end won the title 3-2 goals.
In the Commerce Stream, there are 1302 males and 1103 females.
However, Poonia (4/35) and Sharma (3/30) failed to play well due to the poor performance of the Services bowlers and in the end Meghalaya managed to score only 207 runs. that the wickets of the batsmen were lost.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) through the Education Cell led by Secretary Raymond Kharjana today met with the principals of Pine Mount School. Barik Shillong for an explanation on the subject 'Sociology' class XII which has been written about the Khasi people.
No members were appointed.
The total number of votes in the village has reached 1596 votes. When the syllad went to another polling station in the border area, Tum Tum has two polling stations, one for women and one for men. It is special because the residents of Khatkasla, Psiar and Moolber villages which are still in the border area with Assam cast their votes at this polling station.
However, when the MLA of Sohra asked how it can happen that these buses have been handed over to the private sector, the Minister replied, “These buses don't pay taxes because they fall under the jurisdiction of the government. Department of Urban Affairs".
The meeting was conducted by LB Sumer, ex-CEM and ex-MDC of War East and Vice President of UDP 7-Amlarem Constituency. Speech by Kolmen Pohshna, Chief Advisor of UDP Amlarem Circle.
The Lamphang urged the Vice Chancellor to take action on the outstanding issues affecting the students of the State and the North East as a whole.
Shillong: U Ramesh Dkhar (25), one of the escapees from Jowai jail on Saturday, was arrested from Phramer at noon today.
Never allow your friends to be too close to your husband.16.
Treating drug addicts comes at a high price and therefore, the cost is high.
Amlarem Sub Division is the luckiest because out of 70 LP Schools, about 24 schools have been destroyed by the government and three more schools are being repaired, said Bah Rymbui. .
When we turn to our society as a nation, it is important that we refrain from insulting our parents, brothers and sisters, brothers and sisters and others. but to honor them for ever , especially in the days of their old age , by giving them the best in love , respect and happiness , as our ancestors have taught us to maintain unity in The longing longsem , the longkur longjait and the spirit of responsibility to all of the above , so that they will never reach such places for the elderly but to receive love and happiness in their own homes shed.
“We have submitted a petition to the Prime Minister and we have put forward the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution,” she said.
Regarding the curfew passes, the DC's office has explained that you can apply online by visiting the website.
Other speakers included Bah Charles Pyngrope, who said that the TMC is a party from the ground up, a party of the poor and the villagers, which will work for the transformation of Meghalaya. hi all.
Regarding the preparation of the Mylliem Hima and the District Council to arrest the daju who do not wear these uniforms, since this morning, which they had planned since morning but has failed, u Bah Konstantin said. “If one of us is arrested, we will all go down, and if anything happens to us, all 500 of us will come with our husbands and children and hands and send them to the CEM,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Korbar Lyngdoh Nonglait said that the Iewduh which is a holy market is no longer a clean and tidy market but all the evil deeds have been reduced from garbage and other illegal activities. .
On many occasions when there was a laughter festival, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem used to stand up and strongly oppose that there should be no laughter or to make fun of the House.
Both of them have also escaped the strict charges under the Meghalaya Prevention and Detention Act (MPDA).
Pack Kilo is about 300 kilometers from Shillong.
He said that they have also suggested that the state government should set up an Information Technology (IT) cell to expedite the submission of applications.
The use of this fund is for the construction of tourist attractions, construction of luxury accommodation in some parts of the state, construction of highways, construction of Shillong. Peak Ropeway Project, among others.
The 100th Anniversary Celebration was also enriched by a song by the students and a speech on the history of the school.
He said that the establishment of this Block in Namdong village will help a lot to the people from these rural areas who need assistance from the government through this Block office.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Women Wing (WW) on Monday 18th March 2013 has closed down a shop in Ïewduh which was occupied by a foreigner. He has been operating illegally without a trading license and has not paid any fees since
The court also criticized Heard for alleging that Depp's lawyer had alleged that all her complaints were false and that she had been paid $2 million.
In order to protect the safety of the consumers, MeCEL should carefully consider the price hike for those factories.
The Shnog Leader expressed his anger and condemned the interference of foreigners on the Metor issue and said that they should not interfere as it is the responsibility of the state government.
The leaders of these two organizations, Bah Ban Pynshngain Lyngdoh, President of KSU Nongpoh Circle and Bah Prem Makdoh, President of FKJGP, Nongpoh Circle, said that the KSU also has the same position. They protested against the government's plan to set up a weighbridge at this place, as this place still falls under the city of Nongpoh.
“I feel that if there is a serious problem, the best thing is to file a civil suit.
“Don't convert, don't grow, we are Indians, when the ancestors went to join India, they went as masters, not as slaves, and it will advocate for the strengthening of the Sixth Schedule”. you said to Ampareen.
The Committee was formed at a meeting held between the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong in charge of District Council Affairs. This Committee will also assist the ADCs to identify ways and means to improve the working methods that will bring about change as well as ways and means to avoid shortage of budget and revenue generation of the ADCs. The Minister said that the meeting was to discuss how to enable the ADCs to achieve their goals including the monitoring of the rules and regulations. ) strengthening in the financial sector and to release all the pending Bills passed by the Houses of these three ADCs. The Committee will meet and discuss especially the budget of the ADCs. He also spoke about the inappropriate recruitment of staff in the ADCs. He said that the KHADC has about 800 employees.
Wansaki Rymbai scored 56', Armi Siangshai 59' and Iaineh Suchiang 65'
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered this to be done before the start of the election campaign so that the Congress party will not be able to get money.
After the release of this video, India was shocked around the country in which there was anger, condemnation and the Parliament of India was shocked.
Bishop Victor admonished the new Priests including all the Priests, “Be humble, compassionate, kind-hearted, serving and serving the people of God and all those in need. Then he said that all people should turn to the holy priests of the Church and urged all priests to be fulfilling their duties and a good example to all people.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah Adelbert Nongrum on the opening day of the dorbar.
Banteidor said that the fish farming industry in Meghalaya has been encouraged since 1976 by the KVIC, but the government wants the current fish farming method to be in accordance with this. juk stad by using the materials from this state such as wood to support the ksing ri ngap.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders said that such places to rebuild what has been destroyed are very important because this new era in which people are living is a new era. Many of the problems if the family cannot control their children, but through this Center will be a hope for the youth to turn their lives around especially to draw closer to God, like the state. Meghalaya is also one of the states where many young people are addicted to drugs.
We will sit down to discuss and inform the State Government of these measures to prevent and combat the possibility that there may be those foreigners from the State who go to seek shatri to become full citizens of India and this is the state,” said Marngar.
Because of anger, many people kill their fellow human beings because they are so angry that they don't respect their fellow human beings as happened to Cain when he killed his brother Abel. of himself.
When they found the truth, it came from a small reason.
It was found that the preparations are in progress from the maintenance of roads, the provision of drinking water, electricity and others.
If these two leaders of Meghalaya do not speak, they can write to the Election Commission of India to change their constituencies. ,that's only five years.
The Pa Daloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, will also take part in the meeting with a speech on the topic “Ka Niamtre in the course of time” followed by Rgh, Bewil Shylla President. Seiñraij Tuber on the topic “Children in the Religion of Rukom”.
In Mawlai, there is also a Night College for those who cannot attend morning classes.
Posters put up by other political parties by employees of another political party should not be removed”.
He said that on the 29th of this month, the village has decided not to cut down the trees but they may lose the rice they have planted because if now they are allowed to cut down the trees. There is no need to cut down the trees.
This was announced by the doctor at the celebration of World AIDS Day on Thursday at the Auditorium Hall in Umsning.
On the other hand, the State Presidents of various states presented their reports.
There are some types of nutrient-rich foods that are eaten at the same time during meals or vegetables.
The following are the dates for the trial: Under-10: 29.01.24 at 8:00 Am Under-12: 29.01.24 at 1:30 Pm Under-14: 30.01.24 at 8:00 Am Under-16: 30.01.24 at 1:30 Pm For more information please call: 6009139233/ 6001061664/
The lack of school fees, business in books, school uniforms from the knee to the sniuh ribbons is the reason why many families are struggling to support their children and bring about the I'm going to school.
Dissecy was taken to Shillong, but on the way she gave birth and the baby died. Today the family members lodged a complaint against the Civil Hospital, Nongstoin.
On the morning of the 22nd October 2024, a Marathon was held with the flag raising ceremony by Bah Tympang Pohshna, Chairman of Mawkynrew Block as the Chief Guest.
Besides, villages have been relocated from one constituency to another, until there has been a lot of opposition to the Bill from many.
The ARPA has elected its new leader by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MDC of the UDP from Mairang who is also MLA of the constituency. Metbah as the new leader of the ARPA after the decision of the incumbent CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum to step down from his post, so that there will be no more confusion within the ARPA. It is because of him that the ARPA friends have left these days.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his pleasure to be able to take part in the celebration of this old school in the area which has produced many Lyngdoh Sohblei.
This is why God's wrath came upon all Israel.
Deeya Choudhary: PRC has been issued but no birth certificate has been issued.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit celebrated Earth Day on the 22nd of this month under the theme “Restore Our Earth” by planting trees in the grounds of schools in Wapung Shnong and Wapung School. A short meeting was held at Moopyniein Govt L.P. President Pynshai Kupar Dkhar in the presence of Wapung School Wahhnong Satly Ryngkhlem, Organizing Secretary Khliehriat Circle Shaniahskhem and other members.
Shillong: Shillong received 2.8mm of rainfall today while 4.2mm today.
The union also asked what is behind the plan to set up Coke Factories in the area when coal mining has been banned for more than 10 years. Where are the Coke Factories trying to build if they don't get coal after the ban on mining?? This shows that there is no intention to smuggle coal in the area despite the ban by the NGT.
School principals should understand that most of the residents of Meghalaya are not rich.
From what we knew before the Lok Sabha elections, it seemed that the Rajya Sabha elections would go to the NPP, but through the speech of Bah Bindo Lanong, it is clear that the leader will not The UDP is still looking for a suitable candidate from the party and to force the MDA to support the candidate in the election. The Rajya Sabha, which will be held next year, will raise the issue that the UDP is the leading party in support of the NPP. or if they don't support you, you have another way to seek support from others.
This is called a conflict of interest.
To the benefit of both consumers and the public, FCI expects a large participation from accredited buyers in the upcoming auction.
The investigation is ongoing, the report said.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Welcome Shangpliang, Chairman of the JAC, said that the Dorbar Shnongs of the three villages have decided to continue to oppose the government's plan to allocate land to them. troops within the border of Nongsder.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has said that whether she wins or loses, the government will benefit from her candidacy. of all the 36 MLA constituencies and knew these shortcomings that the Government should address.
When asked whether he is sure whether he will get the Congress ticket, he said, “The ticket will be discussed when the election time comes and when the Congress calls for applications.” .
Kyrmen said the UDP has the hope of leading the government in 2023 despite the performance of the ethnic parties in the last elections.
Over the past 10 months, everyone involved in the project has gained understandings that depend on monitoring the development and survival of cheetahs and also their protection.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 14: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) of the two political parties, UDP and HSPDP on Tuesday launched a campaign in Mawkyrwat Constituency. Robertjune Kharjahrin, the RDA joint candidate for the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, has been elected.
The dispute between these two cases has been resolved within the stipulated time.
This decision was taken at a meeting between the DC, Superintendent of Police and Magistrates on Tuesday.
The two NPP MLAs who resigned on the same day include Benedict Marak, MLA of Raksamgre and Ferlin CA Sangma, MLA of Selsella.
Shillong, Lber 04: The BSF has continued its operation against the smuggling of food items from Meghalaya to Bangladesh.
The gold was smuggled from Bholaganj on the Indo-Bangla border.
“Whether the blacklist is necessary or not, we will leave it when the work starts.
He also insisted that the best way to protect foreigners is the Inner Line Permit (ILP), not the Facilitation Center or the Exit and Entry Point.
Kynjai Lamat (25) of Lakroh village has died after being electrocuted.
Annu Rani has shown her skills to lead India to 15 gold medals at the Asian Games in Hangzhou on Tuesday. India has won a total of 59 medals.
Besides the Government programmes, there was also a cultural programme, a friendly match between government officers and school teachers of Mawshynrut area, the distribution of prizes to the winners and others.
Nongpoh: Residents of several villages in the border areas, including Maikhuli, Barapathar, Pilangkata, Mawiong and others, today once again protested against the demarcation of the border between the two villages. Meghalaya and Assam, because they have found that many of the lands of Meghalaya in the area have been transferred to Assam.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Johny Kharmawlong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongsohphoh Upper Mawoprem, said that the village has also conducted searches and arrested many drug addicts.
At the same time, he also released posters of himself and the party.
Ms. W.Lyngkhoi, Adolescent Counselor, spoke about the availability of counseling services for children in the 10 – 19 years age group at Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital.
Of these eight MLAs, one is an independent MLA while the others are from the NPF and NPP which are allied with the BJP. to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 8th July.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the Youth Festival, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, who was the chief guest, said that Alpha School and College is one of the most prominent educational institutions. The number of children and students has increased steadily since the beginning of the training program to spread knowledge in the area.
The joining of Bah Pariat will be a boon for the UDP in Jaintia Hills as he is one of the most prominent leaders.
He said that he worked temporarily as an Administrator at Oriental Theological College, Shillong after Archbishop Dominic Jala invited him to move from Ummulong.
The suspect, who is from Mizoram, is now in the custody of the police.
She said that within 70 days, the Central Government has amended the rules 138 times regarding the rules on how to withdraw and deposit money in banks while the RBI has changed the rules and issued notices 78 times. 70 days.
they.
With Modi's assumption, the BJP has been able to ban and completely stop foreign fund flows of religious groups from abroad to India.
He also spoke on politics by saying that if there is a will there is a way and for this he thanked the Prime Minister Narendra Modi who has directed all his ministers to visit the country. He said that this is very important because the government ministers themselves will get information about the region and through this they can create the policy for the region as a whole.
Therefore, the following rules and regulations of the Nongmuna Thup-adong Kyntokam shall be continued as follows:1
Before the start of the ceremony, a prayer was delivered by Bah Badapbor Nongbri Asstt.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its hope for a positive decision on a petition against the Government of India's implementation of the Invitation Act. The Citizen Amendment Act (CAA)
Zacchaeus was a tax collector who was authorized by the rulers but collected more than the prescribed price.
“The BJP has won its first victory, Kento Jini from 31-Aalo East Constituency in Arunachal Pradesh has won unopposed.
However, we don't know that this will affect the agriculture.
The Congress on 1st June has strongly criticized the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma for his statement that he has not seen any development in Meghalaya in the last 45 years. He said that his father, Purno A Sangma, was a member of the Congress before forming the National People's Party (NPP).
Rajnath Singh, while introducing the bill, said the bill would also allow those foreigners who are on the borders of Gujarat, Rajasthan, Delhi and Madhya Pradesh to become citizens of India. He said that the Act does not affect only Assam and that the Act will apply to the whole country, where these citizens can move to anywhere. any part of India.
The victims were identified as Manan Ch.
The Open To All Cricket League 2023 will be played in a 35 over one day match.
Your country will become Tripura without any problems.
According to sources, the forest employee who lost his life in the incident was identified as Rajbir Ahmed.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah R Lyngdoh, Adviser of the Riwar Mihngi Truck Owners and Importers Association, said that these The two organizations have nothing to do with the protest by the MJACCV and it was said that today, there are 300 trucks leaving for Bangladesh and tomorrow, they will continue as usual.
Therefore, the residents are requested to prepare water in advance for use during these days and not to distribute water.
Meghalaya now has about 35 lakh heads of households and it is not known how many of them are rightful owners of the villages as the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo alone have about 27 lakh heads of households and most of them are other ethnic groups.
Portugal were disappointed before the end of the match after their goalkeeper failed to put the ball in his hand, and the Ghanaian player behind him was able to score. , but fortunately he couldn't score because of the speed of Portugal defender Pareira who shot the ball before it went into the net.
On the occasion of the service of the Church as a sign of remembrance of the work that he has already contributed to the Church, donations were made to TBn.
According to the sordar, about 30 households have been severely affected in the village.
Dr. WL Narry, District Nodal Officer, South West Khasi Hills District also spoke on the rapid increase in suicides.
After the recovery of the body, the four suspects fled the village and police have not yet arrested them.
“According to the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016 Chapter-VI Section 37, the Government and the authorities, have They should provide schemes to the disabled, five percent of the allocation for agriculture and housing and other development grants, giving priority to women. who lacks membership.
He urged the people not to be surprised by the distribution of schemes by the MLAs as it is the duty of the leader to distribute and at the same time it is also the money that the government has already collected from the people.
The army has lodged a complaint at Umkiang PS and the counterfeit money has been handed over to the police.
Regarding these grounds, which have been shown by the Hima Mylliem, the residents of Baridua Village, have strongly condemned and strongly condemned the actions of the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, in which they have also expressed their concern. He accused the Hima Mylliem of acting without investigating the facts within the village, because the village itself is in peace and order.
These terrorist groups must also be tried and condemned.
Jesus reminds us of that time by saying – “When therefore ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:) Matthew 24:15.
He said that through existing customers including DeHaat, farmers and farmer groups have been established to facilitate the marketing of agricultural products and fruits.
In these years, the state government has launched 40 types of schemes ranging from tree planting schemes to issuing licenses to destroy forests to companies to mine stone, coal mining, fish farming schemes which have turned into the scheme of raising pigs while distributing pigs to those who don't know anything about pig farming, the scheme of distributing tins to those who have dewbilat houses, and so on.
As part of the celebration of the Anti-Drug Day, the West Jaintia Hills Police under the leadership of Superintendent, Bah Lakador Syiem, released a short film showing how the police in West Jaintia Hills have been fighting against drugs. fight against the smuggling of drugs through the National Highway.
They said that thousands of fish have been stranded in the water and this has started happening since 2010 and continues today.
It is learned that the UDP Pynursla Circle will hold a meeting soon to discuss the party's activities and the political situation in Pynursla Constituency and the state.
“In the AAP party, we look for new faces to give tickets if they are suitable,” he said. “But we don't exclude those who have been in other parties but they must be without bad marks. something.
He urged his supporters not to be deceived by others that the Congress has disappeared and disappeared in Meghalaya and those who say that the Congress has disappeared are selfish people.
Three children have lost their lives after eating wild jhur tit from a village in West Jaintia Hills.
The Governor also expressed his appreciation for the steps taken by the state government to train 1.5 lakh youth in various fields for the next five years.
(ii) Adequate Wages for Day Laborers - The Bible teaches and emphasizes that day laborers should receive an adequate wage to support themselves and their families. .
Although football is beautiful all over the world, it has been corrupted by some exploiters and this happened in Brazil.
The funeral service will be held at her residence in Mooralong Jowai at 12 noon.
Kumar also lodged a complaint at the Civil Lines Police Station, where he confirmed that Maliwal had forcibly entered the Prime Minister's residence without permission.
“TMB does not wait for the government to pay salaries and pays itself,” she said.
The bench, headed by Chief Justice of India DY Chandrachud, is hearing an appeal by AAP member Kuldeep Kumar against the decision of the Punjab and Haryana High Court. which refused to postpone the election and demanded that it should be held under the supervision of a retired judge.
However, the BJP has left its own state from a coalition to contest alone in all 60 constituencies,” Shah said.
The two victims were identified as Boga Chutia and Monitu Gogoi.
Most of the illegal traffickers involved in the purchase are from Goalpara district and from there the goods are sent back to other parts of the country.
Their contempt will destroy them, and we must take responsibility for the welfare of the community.
Shillong: U Abhishek Banerjee, National General Secretary of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Tuesday admitted that the TMC will fully implement its 10 promises in three months after the formation of the government in Meghalaya. that they have already served on the people of the state.
At this meeting, it was understood that they will also gather the Sengbhalang to work together with the Rangbah Shnongs. win.
Shillong, June 24: In just 40 months, the MLA election 2023 has started in Khasi Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills as well.
“He helped us a lot, realizing golden opportunities and helping to score twice.
Conrad said the Chairman of the NLCN had admitted that the group had been formed since 15th November 2022 but due to lack of supporters and funds he had to stop.
He also promised that the soskular has been thoroughly reviewed and read, and that the State Government will take the necessary action on the demands.
In the last match between Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu and Royal Pole, Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu drew 1-1 with Nikhil Dkhar scoring the first goal in the 18th minute.
“We the poor don't have the money to go to the MLAs but it is their duty to come and help us the poor if they really have the help of others,” said Kong Theirit.
Nongpoh: In a statement sent by Bah Flying Khymdeit, President, Jeffrey Khymdeit, Secretary and Bios Khymdeit, Vice-President, the Kur Khymdeit Pyllun, has expressed its deep sorrow after the The hospital authorities have refused to treat a woman from Umden Nongtluh, who is the sister of the Kur Khymdeit.
Furthermore we are told of this city in the fourth verse Revelation 21:4 And the street thereof was pure gold, as it were transparent glass; and the sun and the moon shall not shine on it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.
Leaders of the HNLC who are currently at the negotiating table with the central and state governments also paid tribute to this hero of the jaidbynriew by laying flowers at the Mot at Iewrynghep Square.
Speaking to X news agency, Congress General Secretary Jairam Ramesh said the closure of these factories has affected India's income. while Prime Minister Narendra Modi is busy promoting his neighbors and campaigning.
Iooksi is one of the largest villages in Raliang District.
There are 9 schools in the Under 17 (Girls) category.
In the afternoon, a Prayer Dance from St. Mary Mazzarello Convent, Jowai Diocese, a Choir Piece from Bl.
Now the sin of the blood of I love you has gone to the people who killed him.
That I found out for myself.
In fact, his term of office should have been at least 3 years, but he was suddenly terminated in 14 months, which is not yet time.
During the inspection of the Khasi Heritage Village, the Khasi Heritage Village has started to become crowded due to the lack of visitors whether they are from the state or outside the state.
The Minister in charge of Veterinary and Animal Husbandry, Deborah Marak, told reporters a few days ago when she visited the meat slaughterhouse at Mawlai Mawiong. The meat processing plant has been completed and all that remains is to open it. However, there are strong doubts whether the government will be able to open the meat processing plant. department is in the midst of a drought.
The teachers have staged a protest demanding that the government should take over all teaching posts or provincialisation in the state in order to bring about order in the payment of teachers and also to ensure peace and security among others. the requirements that the government should provide to teachers.
These words are very precious to look back on once again especially in this age when mankind is struggling to get knowledge, to accumulate wealth, to spend time in charity or medicine. and to live that modern life, in which society has been less able to think or understand these things as it used to be in ancient times.
India has turned 73 (seventy-three) years old since it gained independence from the British Government.
He said that in 2018, the party contested from 47 seats and won only 2 seats but was second in 7 seats and fourth in seats.
Why does this government want to make illegal or second job – Number and what does it earn from the coal smuggling? The President of the party asked.
The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) has also extended its best wishes to the MLP wrestlers who will take part in the All India Police Meet 2023, which will be held in Haryana from the 2nd to the 4th. April 20, 2023.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the resignation of four NPP MLAs from the Manipur government will not be a problem. The Manipur government led by Chief Minister N Biren Singh of the BJP in collaboration with the NPP has collapsed after four MLAs. The NPP and three BJP MLAs have withdrawn their support to the Manipur government and intend to give their support to the Congress.
Then Zacchaeus was happy because he could see Jesus whom he had never seen before.
Therefore, we request the authorities to take action against this activity according to the law otherwise the party will take action. Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, President, KSU Mawryngkneng Circle, said in a statement.
Cleris Nongsiej, 37, a health worker, died shortly afterwards.
The Word of God makes this clear when it says – “If this people shall call upon my name, and shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land" 2 Chronicles 7:1
He also acknowledged that the state government has made it clear that the notification will not affect the District Councils, Subordinate Courts or Village Courts.
“We want to tell the Prime Minister that the UDP or ANVC (B) or CBI or NIA should testify to his involvement with the insurgents,” he said. said Mr. Dkhar.
The employees of GHADC under the banner of the Non Gazetted Employees Association (NGEA) held a march in Tura on Friday to demand the payment of their salaries. 3 years and also the Government should release the revenue of T.55 crore to the Council.
Bah Basaiawmoit said that he wants to use the money for many councils.
The JSU leaders said that the JSU has been standing firmly against the proposal of Star Cement to mine Mawshun from Brichyrnot to 42.05 hectares as it affects the Lukha River and the river. Lunar and the proximity of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary about 2.8 km from the mining site and the presence of an Eco Sensitive Zone 1.4 km from the proposed mining site of Star Cement. The entire area and caused problems to the residents of the villages near the mine.
Shruh means a puh or cultivated field in which they plant rice, white rice and other seeds in their syrti cultivation in the hills.
The participants of this song include Khasi singers Micky Lyngdoh and Badashisha Mawthoh.
The suspect was identified as Sabyasachi Pal Chowdhury.
She thanked God who has guided her in this sport, her parents, coaches and friends who have been with her in various sports.
Thousands of spectators attended the final match to encourage their players and filled the seats at the Third Ground and SSA Stadium despite the heat. of the day.
Indian President Murmu and Modi spoke of the courage and perseverance of the security forces, who fought against the attack.
US intelligence agencies say China has already blocked the road to India from the Line of Actual Control, which is where India has blocked the border. already created a 200 foot bridge to cross from one side to the other side of the river.
They also explained how parents should understand their children especially during their childhood and the lack of understanding between parents can lead to harm. son that kti.
“The only thing I want to say here is that this is the first time that the Chief Ministers have taken action and worked hard on the “I don't see that other prime ministers will take action like the prime ministers now”.
Shillong, Nailur 18: A Maruti Alto (ML-05 F 9790) driven by Shaiborlang Khonglam collided with a sharing at 9:30 pm on the 17th of this month. The driver of the vehicle was injured and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The money was not given to the people, but they were given vouchers, to buy their necessities, from various shops and the donation is for those who are low income. their.
Other speakers on the occasion were Sebastian Pakyntein, General Secretary, KSU BVC, Samla Lency Bareh, President, KSU BVC, and other guests.
On the other hand, Bah ML Lawai EE, Water Resources Department, said that the damage to the land has been severe and if there is no protection measures, these two villages will be destroyed next year. completely gone.
Thus in the end Jesus humbled himself and accepted without hesitation the will of the Father that he should suffer death on the cross.
After witnessing the achievement of the goal of holding the festival last year, the state government has announced that the third Winter Tales festival will be held this month.
The union also said that if this person follows the right path, there is nothing wrong.
The letter will be sent to the Prime Minister and the ALS. He said that the decision on this matter will be taken by the Central Government.
The operation of these electric trains has further accelerated the movement of passengers.
Nongstoiñ: Police of Mairang Police Station, on Tuesday received a complaint from Arbisstar Marbaniang, 39, of Mawblei village, Mairang area. Bryan Sohshang of Mawdong and his 16-year-old daughter.
They can insult Bahduh Preston but they can't insult him. You are still insulting the government. Tomorrow it will form a government again.
If we are smart enough to farm, the word unemployed will disappear, because agriculture and land provide not many jobs and demands in our State and Nation.
The tournament was opened by Raymon Kharjana, Education Secretary KSU Central Body and in his short speech he expressed his gratitude to the two teams who reached the final. of them will delight the spectators because in the battle there is one who wins and one who loses.
“At the same time, we must remember the value of Meghalaya which follows the tradition of giving birth to women and the need to improve NEHU after about seven years of We request the Union Minister and the new Minister of Education to approve the appointment of a female Professor who is an indigenous person. , to approve the request to elect a committee for NEHU to get a VC, to not only know how to lead but also to bring about healing to remove the mismanagement of the University and to lead to the way forward and in all aspects of the development industry".
On the other hand, the RBYF, through Samla Denis Syngkli, Organizing Secretary, said that the RBYF expresses its deep sorrow over the incident which took the lives of two members. strongly you Seng.
“If Assam shows the map, the Khasi will hold the land to prove that we are the owners of this land. protect the border".
Entry into the Containment Zone has been prohibited except for health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commander in charge of the village. sem that of you.
He said the drawing of the Secretariat will be completed in April this year before the construction starts.
According to Dr Mawthoh, all the MDCs of the party, except Bah Albinus Lyngdoh who recently joined the Congress, were present at the party meeting and took part in taking the decision.
He said the fare from Motphran to Shyiap should be T.10 and T.20 to Mawpat and they should not charge too much.
Bahbah, too, in the purity of his soul, lived and went to work.
On this occasion, Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh Thabah, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Metbah Lyngdoh, General. Party Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Allantry F Dkhar, Beyondstar Kurbah MLA Mawphlang Constituency, Renikton Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat, Minister of State Paul Lyngdoh, along with many others who attended the ceremony. to comfort and disciple.
The KSU has requested the Chief Engineer (Civil Work) to announce tenders for these works in Leshka and MeECL should also employ the state residents for the works they can do for the benefit of the people of Leshka. region.
The day was enriched by a song by the students of the 5th Semester, a dance by the Alumni Association and the singing of the College Anthem.
This year, the MCA has also started to revive this sport in schools by inviting teams from various institutions to send their teams to the tournament.
Romans 13:1
Dr Ampareen said that the state has now become a state of instability where robbers rape, kill and rob women.
At the same time, I would like to urge the government authorities to provide a little more funds to the indigenous people, because as it appears now, the government funds are not sufficient. deal with these market tenants.
Roykupar said that if we take the price of one Smart Meter, the price of one Smart Meter is 3,750 tyngka, which means that the replacement fee is about 9191 tyngka which is more than twice the price. even the price of one Smar Meter.
The celebration was also held in different parts of the state.
Priority House Hold (PHH) quota will be distributed at 5 kg per head at Rs.3 per kg and Non-NFSA quota at Rs.14 per kg.
The Dorbar Shnong Pahammawleiñ together with the KSU Arphewmer Circle today left to express their opposition to the temporary ban on the collection of taxes from public vehicles. The Manager of the Company has been alleged to have disrespected the Village Authority and has violated the rules and regulations laid down by the Village Authority.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) has refused to move a no confidence motion (NCM) against the MUA-II government. to the Government on many issues which the Government has raised in the state.
The entrance fee for this day is 500 tyngka.
The cameraman and director of photography were appointed by Aaron Kharpuri.
The meeting was chaired by MLA Santa Mary Shylla in the presence of other members of the committee including the Soil and Water Conservation Office, Mihmyntdu, Jowai. Miani D Shira, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and Mathew Beyondstar Kurbah.
But Jesus himself carried his cross and fell many times. Only Simon of Cyrene helped him, except him.
“The Letter of Award (LOA) for the work has been prepared with a Detailed Project Report (DPR) and to manage the work in Tura has been issued to TCIL,” he said.
He was responding to a Zero Hour Notice issued by Mawsynram MLA Bah Himalaya Shangpliang regarding the farmers' claim that the government has completely ignored the suffering of the farmers.
Shillong: U Ma Lber Laloo, who is fighting the case against the coal ban in the Supreme Court, has said that Bah GG Swell, is indeed the savior of our state, from the plan of the Indian government. , to own the coal mines in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Members representing various political parties and groups attended the meeting.
Regarding this incident, the owners of the house, said that they have immediately informed the police in Nongpoh, so that the police can take all the necessary action and especially to arrest these robbers, who They robbed the house, stole money and stole the vehicle.
So far, the candidates who have decided to contest from Sohiong include incumbent MLA Samlin Malngiang who can contest from the NPP, former MLA HDR Lyngdoh from the UDP and Osborn from the Congress.
it reportedly took up to 45 minutes to weigh a truck with hundreds of them standing in line.
Furthermore, how difficult it is in a poor State for the citizens to spend their income on health care.
The 2015 attack was a terrible incident and loss for the Indian Army in the Northeast, in Chandel district of Manipur, near the Myanmar border.
“These words are the slogans that this Rangbah is preparing to throw on the battlefield of the MLA elections in
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kharbani said that the need for foreign security guards to guard the gates, which have been appointed by foreign agencies, is a major threat to the country and the nation. , because these Security Guards came to work and work in this state, together with their wives and children, they have even started to be allowed to invade the villages, which now these communities have started to spread. good in Ri-Bhoi and even in Ri Lum Khasi.
A.Wahlang, one of the farmers from Mawthawir village, said that after harvesting the rice, they started to plow the field again to plant vegetables such as kajor, motor, sohlakum, bit, kubi. , tyrso and many kinds of jhur in which their fields are full of grain all four seasons.
This is a good result of his hard work and I hope that the people will see it,” said Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who is also a football player from the state. Shillong Lajong, Rangdajied United, Bengaluru FC, FC Pune City, ATK and East Bengal.
In Ri-Bhoi District, there are 521 elderly and disabled voters. The Election Officers have visited the villages and homes to ensure that all voters can vote. get to take part.
Shillong: U Bah Handibad Khyriem of Pdengshakap village, West Jaintia Hills (WJH) has lodged a complaint that on 11th November 2019, Mariabait Marboh, agreed to sell muid to him at the price of T.4,70,0 .
Of these six deaths, five were from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
The Returning Officer of Shella, Bah L Kynjing, confirmed that no names have been withdrawn from the tournament.
Researchers have now found that alcohol consumption plays a role in the risk of heart disease and that daily alcohol consumption increases this risk. compared to smoking.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh congratulated the MLA Mawlai for inviting him to this ceremony.
In a statement, a spokesperson of the police department said that on the night of 12th and 13th October, after receiving detailed information about the presence of these militants, Anantnag Police, a team in collaboration with CASO and 1RR conducted a search operation in Rakh Momin Dangi area of ​​Bijbehara.
He said the families from Shillong went to Uttarakhand to look for them but could not find them.
We have submitted a proposal for T.619 crore in Meghalaya and out of this T.500 crore has been approved and the government is waiting for T.100 crore to be received after the amendments. you policy.
Police received a complaint from the rich man and arrested the woman.
The Sordar also denied the allegation of the Nongkrem Raid that they cannot sell and said that if the Raid Nongkrem goes to the Supreme Court, they too will continue to fight for the truth.
The court has given the CM four months to respond to the PILs against the CAA
He said that the Child Helpline Service is managed by only one Child Helpline Administrator.
The ethnic area will remain in Meghalaya and the boundary will be from the Culvert in front of Joypur Market towards Malangkona.
Sports Committee (1) President Mr.Emon Pdang (2) Secretary Mr. Emlang Dkhar (3) Treasurer Mr. Kordor Lamare
However, we should not be surprised that the buildings in Meghalaya are collapsing as they please.
Israel will rest tonight and day because her enemies want to destroy her, but they don't know that there is a God in Israel.
“For now, let the BSF investigate, then I will take the necessary action.
However, even if the availability of these devices helps the police to track down those involved in robbery or other illegal activities, there is still a need to strengthen the fight against it.
After receiving detailed information from the driver, several teams of police were sent to arrest the woman, and shortly afterwards they arrested Haldora Marngar, a relative of Arneston Dkhar at HP Petrol Station, Mawlai.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Minister James K Sangma said the Cabinet has approved the repeal of the state law.
It is also suspected that Sarat Singh's suicide may have been for this reason.
Tynsong said the expenditure on the building was from the 13th Finance Commission but the shortfall will be filled under Article 275 (1).
This depends on their understanding.
In his speech, he said, “You are like this because of your unity”.
Actress Divya Dutta also expressed her happiness to take part in the festival especially to see the film she is acting in Shillong.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today requested the government to allocate more than T.78 crore for the payment of salaries of SSA teachers and for other expenses under these funds. month.
It is worth mentioning that there are many beautiful places in this village which can attract many tourists and now let us turn to one of the places where the nepenthes pitcher plant has been preserved. .
Regarding the incident, the SP of Ri Bhoi District, said that the cows had to be returned to the place where they were brought, as it was found that they were brought. illegal and without proper documents to prove where they are going.
Gani was bowled by Punit Bisht and Kumar was bowled by Saurabh who was caught by Choudhury.
Members of the Meghalaya Model United Nation were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The BJP for the first time will meet the relatives of the brave and selfless soldiers who fought against the British government from this state as part of the celebration of the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the state. 70 years of Independence of India.
And perhaps the Meghalaya government will not be able to provide the staff to ensure their arrival.
“Because when we took over the government we found that there are many things that need to be done in the education department and there are To improve the quality of education, we need to train teachers and also to improve schools”.
There have been 53,256 new cases of covid-19 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 3 crore.
All athletes are encouraged to bring their birth certificates.
“On the other hand, Bah Embhahlang has expressed his regret over the action of the DC, which has removed him from his job, because from this parking management, I can feed my children at home. provided for all the necessities, and now I have to stay at home without work".
The six other crew members on board the missing plane were all Spanish.
“Purno A Sangma has a tendency to blame every time elections come,” he said in a statement.
The Ïewduh, the largest market in Shillong, is one of the newest markets in the Khasi Jaintia Hills. This market has been around since ancient times. to know but it is claimed to be the oldest of all the islands.
He also directed that parents should agree for the classes and students should not be forced to come to schools without the consent of their parents.
The BJP candidate from Mairang was accompanied by David Kharsati General Secretary of the State BJP, along with hundreds of supporters from Marang-Nongkhlaw. Mairang Civil Sub Division office to support their candidate for the upcoming mid-term elections to the KHADC.
Let us not forget that they were the first to think about the things that belong to the Jaitbynriew.
In the second half, the match became more intense, as the players played well, especially to win and secure themselves to reach the final of the tournament.
He said that at the public hearing held on 9th November, some villagers were against but it cannot be said that their land will fall under the project as the government has not yet come.
She also explained that if anyone asks for money from the officers of the education department, they can inform the office of the ban so that they can take action according to the rules or punish them.
There are many Gods in the world, but they cannot save or deliver man from sin and only the name of Jesus can give peace to man in the midst of trouble and suffering, and those who have experienced it understand. that you are like that.
"Then, just because evil has existed here on earth, will God stop creating ways to help or avoid it? Or is it because He cannot remove that evil? it is no longer useful to take the responsibility to free and deliver from it to reach that point of defeat and terror.
That morning on the way to the office, I went to collect the money from the number team seller for 40,000 tyngka in the presence of my friends.
The Customs Department has also filed a case under the Customs Act,
Out of the 3,303 cases, Maharashtra has the highest number of deaths with 1,325 deaths.
Earlier, school children from all over the country had marched against the use of tobacco before they gathered at the state central.
The meeting was held at the ground floor of the PWD office and was conducted by Bah Shimbor Diengngan, Executive Engineer PWD (PMGSY).
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the district authorities have received information that there are groups of civil society groups who are conducting raids on mynder or foreigners. that it is illegal.
On the other hand, he expressed his regret that these are the same people who preach Clean Politics but their work is not done.
Shillong, June 15: Journalists on their way from Wahswad Village in Raidtynring Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday evening, were blocked in front of the village by the neighboring residents. and this city.
“In an attempt to advance its political tactics, the VPP is ready to lead Meghalaya to an incident like Manipur or worse,” said the GSU on the VPP's protest to force the State Government to The Job Reservation Policy of the State will be reviewed.
Sabir was arrested and granted bail by the judge on July 30, 2019, while other members of his family fled the scene.
The truck (NL-01-AA-7574) was on its way to Jowai, while the truck (NL) was heading towards Umphning. -01-G1154, but when they arrived at the scene, they encountered a tragic incident.
Ibashisha Rynjah, Director, Soil and Water Conservation, said that the construction of this restaurant by her department is for the purpose of creating jobs and improving the income of the people in the rural areas.
In a statement, the President of the union, Leningstar Rymbai, said that according to the information received, the union wants to increase the TRA from 9 lakh to 25 lakh TPA and is currently preparing. required documentation.
In this way, the Bhoi used to go to the shaw with the intention of living with the son and the children who would be born would give the jait to the father so that the jait ka khong would remain from generation to generation. Children of the same race should also be recognized as Khasi.
Eventually, he makes the decision to take advantage of this father's words by proposing to Lydia to have a close relationship.
When asked about the election, Momin said, “We don't know when the names of the candidates will be announced, but the third list will be released soon”.
The HNLC believes that the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF, HNYF, HANM, HYC, JSU and JYF are the strong brothers of the Hynniewtrep people and they should work together and put behind their differences.
Yogiji called them village rioters and Home Minister Ajay Misra promised to settle the farmers within two minutes.
“Eating and choosing low-fat foods can increase pattern B (small dense) LDL which is more dangerous for blood pressure than pattern A (large buoyant) LDL. struggle to eliminate the intake of saturated fats, some recommendations or descriptions of foods agree to increase the intake of polyunsaturated fats.
The child was released from Delhi airport on Tuesday morning.
Pynshan Mawthoh of Madanrting, one of the managers of IFA Enterprise, was also arrested.
The two persons were identified as J.Dkhar, 22 years old and another underage person, 17 years old.
There they lay themselves down and sleep together, with joy and pleasure they make love and also fall into the highest depths of love.
Speaking to media on Saturday, the opening ceremony of the two-day Na Thymmei Festival 2022 held at Madan Weiking Jaïaw, he said that human knowledge and peace of mind will bring peace of mind. If you come to a person who holds on to your own customs and traditions because of the following of your own colour, you will feel sad because there is no tradition to build on.
He said that in the past years, the Dorbar Hima was held only by the Sodars, Secretary Shnongs, Ministers and Lyngdohs without the participation of the children of the Hima. Now, in his capacity as Acting Syiem, it has been introduced that all men who have reached the age of 18 years and above should participate in the Dorbar of the Hima.
He also promised to work hard with the party leaders to win the party with dignity and to be the party that will win the most MLAs in the 2023 MLA elections.
“What is the reason why we came with the TMC, the reason is that the Congress at the India Level has started to run back and started to fall because the BJP has a goal to eliminate it completely. “It's a good idea to have a strong support for the Congress,” said Bah Fabian.
He said that the best place to plant them is in the sohot and diengïap lok trees.
He also expressed the impact of children who are victims of violence on their mental health.
Kumar was speaking at a meeting of the Hindu Jagaran Manch in Ranchi.
However, the production of rnga at the Rwiang copper factory continues.
Perastil Sangma from South Garo Hills District has left his government job to start his own business in the field of sohphan.
A bus carrying youths from the 15th Annual Youth Convention of the Catholic Church held at Syiem Jingsuk Parish in Amlarem has overturned at Skhentalang, Amlarem.
He said that some of the institutions where the scheme is implemented include Jakran Lake City University, Bhopal, Global University in Mirzapur, IMI, Bhubaneswar, Imperial College in Bangalore, Garden City College in Bangalore. in Bangalore and other prestigious universities in the country.
On the occasion, James said that at the second meeting convened by the DCA, they discussed how to introduce rules and regulations especially in relation to the rules and regulations. the budget, the proper explanation of the employees of the district councils.
The Principal welcomed the Commandant who was ready to explain to the students.
Earlier, the National Green Tribunal, had allowed the coal traders, to release the coal, which is in the mines, which they have already mined, until 31st June 2016 and now it has been six months. , the coal, which is outside the crematorium, has been suspended, without being able to be marketed outside the State.
Bishop Wilbert attended St. Mary's Secondary School in the village with a cow in the morning for about three years.
“This is the first time that private individuals have been allowed to fly the national flag in their homes from the 13th to the 15th.
Both the teams tried to score from the start of the match but could not score.
However, if there are women who have to go to the hospital because there is no facility to give birth at the PHC, how can they get to the hospital? Do those MLAs who have been elected many times think about this? They themselves and their families are satisfied because they don't stay in the villages anymore because they are still lagging behind.
He said that there are also constituencies which are willing to accept that the collection gate has been approved by the MLA. When asked, Bah Marngar said that this has happened in Mawshynrut Constituency.
There were many people who came to watch the match today.
“Whether our struggle will stand or not, we will stand on the foundation.
The tournament was played in a league cum knockout round with the participation of 16 Gram Sevak Circles, 15 from Amlarem Block and one from Thadlaskein Block.
According to the information, Train Phawa has already received Interim Bail which will expire on July 12,
Nongstoiñ, July 15: The XV Annual Diocesan Youth Convention of the Nongstoiñ Diocese on Tuesday concluded the XV Annual Diocesan Youth Convention. you are not ladep.
He lived for 53 years. For 24 years he lived in his own home as a vineyard farmer by setting a Christian example as a good young man.
Ma SS Langi, Honorary Secretary TSA, said that the registration fee is T.500 per team and T.20 per player.
Repent, and be baptized.
Of course, I agree that there is a cost implication but when we implement the NEP, the government should send a proposal of their requirements to the central government.
In addition, trees damaged by natural forces or wildlife should be protected and replanted.
In the second half, Meghalaya managed to score a run rate of 3 runs per 10 overs to win the match but due to the early loss of wickets, Meghalaya lost their last chance. They scored 109 runs in 35.3 overs for the loss of all wickets.
Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai on 18th March 2013 held a handholding session for teachers to support, encourage and resolve the concerns of teachers regarding the implementation of Integrated Teacher Education. Program (ITEP) in line with the NEP 2020, in collaboration with the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), New Delhi.
The problem arose after the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) failed to collect the garbage from households and markets in Jowai city which has caused a lot of pollution from these garbage dumps.
According to the bank, it is suspected that up to Rs 30 lakh was looted from the ATM.
Mawkyrwat, November 11: The General Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress Party (MCPP) Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh on Tuesday reminded the people of Mawkyrwat Constituency to be surprised in the election of their elected representatives. “When electing leaders, they should elect true leaders and not businessmen who are selfish,” he said.
Karunanidhi failed to complete his Class X examination and went to Coimbatore to write stories and take part in theatre. It is also a political party founded by Karunanidhi.
He urged all those involved in these activities to implement ECD according to the mission, seeing it as one of the best ways to shape the future of the villagers who are still shrink.
The awareness program on the dangers of drugs was also attended by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, State President of the UDP party in the state. The Youth Wing of the UDP party included Jemino Mawthoh, Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Pius Marweiñ MLA Ranikor, Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah MLA Sohiong, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh and others. UDP party leaders from Ri Bhoi, school children and college students.
Shillong: The minimum temperature in Shillong and surrounding areas will rise by 3 to 4 degrees Celsius in the next 24 hours, the Meteorological Department of India said. This is due to the presence of hot air and the heat of the environment.
On this basis, we must strengthen and bring about unity among the fish farmers so that they can continue to work harder to preserve the natural resources for the benefit of future generations.
The power outage is one of the problems in the distribution of drinking water to the people”.
However, today, the man has returned home in good health without knowing exactly where he came from.
The entry fee for the penalty shootout will be 1,000 tyngka per team.
On the other hand, Bah PB Sylliang, Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and a member of the JAC, said that the JAC will also meet with the CEM of KHADC to demand that the KHADC should not do anything. The JAC together with the people of Ri Bhoi will oppose the casino in Ri Bhoi which has been strongly opposed from all sides, he added.
Jowai, Naiwieng 11: The semi final of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
We will send some teachers from the State to Delhi to train and they will also come to the State to provide training and assist the Education Department in this regard,” he said.
Shillong, March 3: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) on Tuesday said that the government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma has not responded to the demands of the political parties. Taking advantage of the fact that no one has implemented the provisions of the Act in the past years is only the evil and arrogant attitude of the Prime Minister who has not interfered with the implementation of the Act.
Shillong: The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has announced that the annual meeting to elect the office bearers will be held on the 27th of this month at 11 am at the office of the association at Polo.
They went to the border to review and prepare the report,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
After witnessing the damage, the MLA distributed cash assistance to five families for their urgent needs.
Although the Covid 19 pandemic has not disappeared yet, we have seen that the political parties have resumed their protests on these issues.
Marak 28, of Mahendraganj, SWGH (TMC), Jaseng Ch.
The NPP cannot do better for its own MLAs because of the presence of these 11 MLAs because it will have to distribute the responsibilities to these MLAs. a strong government wouldn’t want a strong opposition.
The seizure included various types of drugs ranging from heroin, marijuana, yaba tab, cough syrup and others.
Now power crisis if you control the thermostat of one household to consume 5 KW (24T), tens of thousands of households will be able to rest.
Efty United XI beat Khliehtyrshi SC by 149 runs in the Open Tournament of the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) held at the Khliehtyrshi Stadium on Monday.
Speaking at a program at ICFAI University Meghalaya, Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi said, “It will be difficult because thousands of students leave school every year and are unemployed. don't have jobs, even if they try in their own strength to find jobs.
“He said that the funds collected for education in the past were not used until 2019 and added that the present Government has managed the funds collected in the form of revenue for the maintenance and construction of educational facilities for the benefit of Government schools across the State.
(1) Tens of thousands of educated youth are unemployed, this can be proved by the tens of thousands of youth who apply for only 2/3 of the vacant posts in government agencies.
Shillong: Malki and Sawmer FC on Saturday drew 2-2 in the Shillong Premier League match at Polo Ground, Shillong.
The Seng urges especially the media to publish the curfew statements of the Seng, if they do not believe the Seng will have to take other measures.
“Because there was a gunshot in the middle of the night, they suspected that they were members of the GNLA and opened fire on them both until they died,” said Defence. PRO Lt. Col. Suneet Newton.
From the 3rd to the 5th of this month, the conference will be held at North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) with the participation of leaders from more than 50 countries. UN) on 7th November and a declaration known as the Shillong Declaration will be issued.
He acknowledged that Garo Hills has improved rapidly in terms of education, income and other activities since the independence of Meghalaya.
If the youth of the country are not strong enough to have that spirit of unity among the youth of the country, the nation is in danger and it is the duty of each and every one of us. Youth of the country, men and women, to understand how to fight against this evil so that we can find a way to destroy the youth of the country.
Philstar Nongrum, the elder brother of the family, said that Donbok's speech has brought honor to the family.
Are these doubts well-founded or are they based on superstition? Are these fears based on facts or not?
God has forgotten this State.
Many Chief Ministers of the country have visited the country to investigate the death toll from the H5 Bird Flu. This is the case on the coast of Montevideo.
It was during the reign of Emperor Nero that the shap and number 666 were also introduced.
There is a question why privately run companies are doing so well.
He is the fifth among his siblings-altogether six of them.
“There are 170 doctors who have tested positive for the virus till Tuesday,” said Nirupam Das, Chief Administrator of the Foundation.
“As teachers, you have to instill in the minds of the students a new way of thinking and not to remain in the mindset that going to school is only to get government jobs.
However, it is not right to force or intimidate others, the demand belongs to the people, the task is to fulfill it is the government, let us put our own demands to the MDA 2 government which holds the you are in control.
Where is the future of the future generations? It is up to the teachers not to cooperate with the government because the ungodly is forbidden to those who have improved him.
That act is like blaspheming God with the fruit of the tree, as Cain did.
When I tried to ask Lakyntiew Syiemlieh about her education, I don't understand how she managed to go to college when she had children. had children it was difficult to continue her education.
He said that USTGM encourages students to take part in various sports activities as part of bringing unity, peace and happiness in the country as a whole.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngain N Syiem today left for Delhi to meet with Congress and AICC leaders to discuss the Village Administration Bill.
After receiving the post mortem report, it was confirmed that (L) Karnet died of asphyxia.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The District Tuberculosis Officer (DTO) on Thursday said that the number of TB cases in East Khasi Hills District will increase this year compared to last year.
The President was welcomed by the Governor, the Chief Minister and the Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma.
“I was paid only 4000 thousand, 20 thousand was taken by the Secretary,” she said.
The report also said that the same owners of cows came to buy again during the auction whether it was the Custom Office or any other authority.
Following up on the duties and responsibilities of each government department, she reminded them to take responsibility and not to neglect their duties and to be quick and prepared in case of any natural disaster. and to monitor especially those areas affected by earthquakes, fires, power outages, floods and others and to strive to provide assistance as soon as possible to save lives. personnel to property and to reduce damage.
"Kaba eh," said Hep's father.
The remains of Bah Khongwir are at his residence in Mawlai Nonglum, opposite Weiking Square.
However, in Meghalaya, among the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo who give jait to the mother and where the youngest child inherits There may be difficulties in implementing this salonsar law, because we are the only ones who take the lineage from the mother.
“Hohoe Gatimra, the new chairman of the GNLA and Sohan should understand that it is useless and meaningless to fight a defeated war, and this is only a propaganda against the Garo people,” she said. ANVC(B).
Instead of Sindhu, the women's team produced Anupama Upadhyaya and she didn't miss her game, but managed to win 21-1 -18 against Tiffany Ho.
If the Government cannot eliminate or ban plastic manufacturers or factories, it is difficult for people not to use it.
He said that the order of the SDO (Civil) to check the triplicate quarry slip by volunteers at the parking yard and Wahkdait is reasonable to provide a census that will help to avoid traffic jam in the lower areas. Wahkdait to Dawki and said that as of now, thousands of trucks have arrived, but the order has stopped even the illegal mining in different parts of the district and the state. until they are no longer allowed to mine illegally and transport illegal stone as shown in a statement, of the groups on social media on 10-06-2023, in which this order also helps to prevent Therefore, the Government has tried to cancel the order by looking for a quarry slip which is legal to get a challan from the forest.
Twenty-one students in the second category received a scholarship of T30,000 tyngka and 25 students in the third category received a scholarship of T30,0 T15000 each, besides these, 18 bright students were selected from different schools from Shillong, Jowai and Khliehriat.
P. Lyngkhoi from Laitkseh, Chief Leader of the HSPDP, Bah PF Lyngdoh from Langlew who has been the Chief Leader of the Congress since 2003, Bah HS Bani, Chief Leader of the Congress from Marngor; Former MDC LG Nongsiej, Allantry Dkhar, Vice President of UDP Nongstoin and Moslandar Marngar, Vice President of UDP Nongstoin, delivered speeches.
Phibarisha said the winners of this day will be able to take part in the National Award to be held this year in Delhi.
He said that if the Meghalaya government sends the authorities to plead, even if the Supreme Court decides to convict the teachers and punish the government, they will be happy, because they understand that in struggle there is always a final decision that is there is a loser and a winner.
The group has requested the shopkeepers who fall on the road to lay flowers to please close their shops during the flower laying ceremony so that it will be a condemnation of the rape of the members. “It will not happen again in any family of our brothers and sisters,” said the statement from Ka Sur Ki Nong Mawlai.
Remember that our wise management personally or at home is a testimony that we have done something for the country and the nation.
“We have arrested the leader and seized several documents and a mobile phone sending emails,” said Assistant Inspector General of Police (A) Bah GK Iangrai in a statement.
Today's match will be between Mawlynrei SC and Dilingiem YSCWA at 5 pm at the 3rd Ground, Polo.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The UDP Mawlai Circle has rejected the departure of its leaders to support former MLA Bah Process T Sawkmie who is preparing for the MDC election.
We are looking for ways and means to reduce the hours of power outage as much as possible and also to turn off the power from one place to another but this also depends on the weather,” said the Minister.
According to the ejahar, Ardent said that Donkupar Sumer had alleged that he had misused the money while Ardent was CEM of KHADC. His speech was broadcast on the news channel on the 13th of June.
He said that the purpose of the Poshan Abhiyan is to protect women and children under 6 years of age from malnutrition and obesity, as well as anemia in those who are ill. present in the age group of 15-49 as well as excessive low birth weight.
I am Lambert and I am 18 years old. I am looking for a girlfriend who works as a nurse but is not a catholic.
More importantly, the residents do not have the knowledge to go to the Thanat and write complaints which is outside the customs and traditions of the Garo people.
Shillong, Jaiong : The Addl.Deputy Commissioner (S) i/c of ​​Sohra Civil Sub Division, Sohra today informed the ration consumers in the division that the ration has been distributed at the rate of 35 kilos per card. 3.00/- per kilo for those who do not have an Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) card and 3.00/- per kilo for those who do not have a Priority House Hold card. (PHH), and the price of T.7.215 per kilo per card at the price fixed by the Vigilance Committee shall not exceed T.15.00/- per kilo for those who do not have a Non NFSA card. for the month of June 2022 has been released to all ration shops recognized by the government.
The Court said that in the previous orders and judgments, it has not specifically mentioned that the CISF should take over the task of curbing the illegal coal trade but has tried to investigate. The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) has been deployed to search for illegal coal mining, but at that time it was reported that if the CRPF personnel are deployed, they will have to operate under the supervision of the CRPF. The State Government Police and the Court do not want the State Government Police to be involved in the search operation. long or em who are willing to come to the state to conduct this search.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the deceased was a 46-year-old man from West Garo Hills district.
The incident happened at 3:30 pm, when it was not known where the scooty was coming from, but it was on the side of Umiam. When the Scooty arrived at the scene, it tried to overtake other vehicles, in which the Scooty also hit the bumper of a Hyundai Eon and after that the Scooty entered the bumper of a Hyundai Eon. The driver and the passenger of the scooty were hit by the truck and died on the spot.
The Directorate of Social Welfare will be the nodal department to set up the SRCW. Loma, former Deputy Director of Social Welfare, has been appointed.
And Japih spoke Maram.
“This rule will come into force from the 2018 examination,” said the Joint Director of the Board. “If they can do well again, there is no problem for the Board to give recognition again”.
There were enough soldiers and weapons to fight because God had already said, “Thou art my sword and my weapons of war: with thee will I destroy the kingdoms of the Gentiles; destroy the kingdoms.
The new president of the party, Rikman G Momin, said that the new office bearers include six vice presidents and two state general secretaries in charge of different districts.
The union expresses its anger and strongly condemns the rude behavior of the Forest Officer of Lalacherra Forest Beat.
Officers from the state were led by the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal to attend the meeting.
Most importantly, they need to throw all the burdens of their lives on Him so that God will sustain them.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to the Minister of Mawksiar for telling us about the short story of this road from Jakrem-Rangmaw to Phlangkynshi. The Jakrem-Ranikor Road has been constructed since the 1960's.
On the other hand, the three-day strike by school and college teachers in the state will start tomorrow.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah MB Tongper, inaugurated the Senior Citizen Drop-In Center and Cum Day Care Center at Ladthadlaboh on the road leading to Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
This has led to Khliehriat West and Thangskai to compete for the title in the 1st Division.
The main decisions taken by the meeting were that the land which the owners intend to sell to the army will be handed over to the District Council for temporary management while the work is ongoing. don in the middle of the case.
Therefore, Dr. Sahariah urged the people to work together to spread the word about this disease and we need to take precautionary measures and encouraged the people to Drink plenty of water to avoid getting sick, he added.
The former ANVC-B leader said he does not want to contest from any political party because he feels that the district council should not be challenged by political parties. that for decades the district has been unwilling to adopt stringent laws that would specifically protect the community.
There may be someone who will burn and ignite, and then the conflict will spread.
According to the residents of Sohra, the income in Sohra has affected the people of the area in many ways.
In the years that followed, in Jaintia Hills, there was no stronghold of the French Government, but there was still peace and stability.
In the newspaper on 3-11-22, it was written that the MDA is a government that listens to the voice of the civil society, and it is because it listens to the voice but does nothing.
What will the Government of Meghalaya do? She will phone Sonowal CM of Assam and he will say, let us arrange it again.
“Mother, father, deng, thei thei, duh duh, bah, hep, heh, rit, duh, forgive me I'm the youngest child in the house, forgive me forgive me don't be sorry forgive me...and don't drink ye ye to the person who made me do this because it's me but it's not that person, forgive me all forgive me.
While the indigenous people are the owners of the land, they have their own way of life and so on.
Then my mother promised to send us two brothers to shilling if we know the days and minutes to study. The subjects are only for the purpose of studying in the city.
Shillong, Nailar 20: U Bah WHD Syngkon, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, who is also the Additional Advocate General, on Tuesday said that the superstition about demons, evil spirits and the presence of menshohnoh. they are no longer relevant to the present times, for all these, as it were, have penetrated into every body, soul and mind of every human being.
Nongpoh, November 11: Regarding the news in Rupang, Bah K.Suting has joined the Congress, but Bah K.Suting has clarified that he has not joined the Congress. He has joined the Congress, but it is only as a support to Maheh DD Lapang, who will contest from the Congress in the 2018 elections.
Shillong, November 17: After 12 years, the BJP has nominated 10 MDCs from Mairang, Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Rambrai, Nongkrem, Sohiong-Nongspung constituencies. Jah Khlei flowers have blossomed again in Mawsmai, Mawpyrshong, Mawryngkneng and some parts of Smit.
Shobhan Sarkar, one of the prominent religious leaders in Uttar Pradesh, has written to the Prime Minister that the late Syiem appeared in his dream and ordered him to dig the site. , I don't have enough money to pay to the Government of India, because I don't have enough money.
The Monolith Festival was first held in 2016 after the construction of the Khasi Heritage Village by the KHADC which was donated by the Hima Mawphlang.
It is a deadly disease that has spread rapidly even to distant countries like the United States.
Pastor PBM Basa Iawmoit, who supports the support of Irom Sharmila, who has been on hunger strike for 15 years to demand the repeal of the AFSPA, said today that the United Nations has urged the Indian government to repeal the AFSPA. this law.
The march will end in Mumbai on 20th or 21st October.
At this pharmacy you can get medicines and surgical items used in hospitals or clinics.
This word lyngam Bam briew refers to the longrynïeng man rynïeng of the lyngam children as a whole... Referring to the writing of PRT Gurdon in his book "The Khasis" 1906, he says in relation to the lyngam, This means that the Lyngngams do not have the custom of beheading and killing people.
At present, the teacher-student ratio approved by the University Grants Commission (UGC) in colleges is 1:30 in Arts subjects and 1:25 in Science subjects.
BJP members from the state took part in the rally, which started at 3 pm under the leadership of the President of Meghalaya BJYM. Kumar was arrested after a rally was held at the university grounds to protest against the arrest of the rebel. him.
However, there are other chief ministers who have challenged the governors if there is a job.
The Youth Week has been celebrated since 1968 when the KJP Synod decided to hold the Youth Week on the first Sunday of September. youth prayers.
We also request the party to elect and confirm her as the party's candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
It is worth mentioning that recently there have been allegations that 149 contract teachers in Dadenggre Sub Division have not been dismissed at all like other contract teachers in other places.
A nation that no longer has access to the market is a nation that is almost free and slave in its own country.
In West Garo Hills, 90 cases, 36 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in Dulong Cluster, 4 cases in Sohkha Cluster.
He said the department also looks forward to extending the life expectancy of people, encouraging the public to take care of themselves, and also to prevent and reduce expenditure, reduce premature deaths and other other.
The performance of the children impressed all those who came to witness this talent.
European countries have started issuing vaccine passports where members of these countries can travel to work as they please. people have been injected to protect themselves from the corona virus.
“It is a terrible murder committed by the Indian government, which smuggles drugs around the world, while most of them die in their own country,” said Sisodia. , speaking to the news, today by speaking online.
The Niamtra soh from Khasi-Jaintia was known as 'Khasi Mandarin' in the past, when the French were ruling us here in our country.
The entire esophagus was removed and a tube was inserted into the esophagus.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today under the leadership of Bah Bandary Ryntathiang President in the presence of Bah Roland Lyngdoh President Nongpoh Circle, Bah Shainingstar from Central Zone and other members visited the The Border Road Organization (BRO) has launched a campaign against the collapse of the Dwarksuid Bridge on the Shillong Bypass. I'm not sure what to do.
New Delhi: The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen sharply by 9,304 in the past 24 hours and 260 deaths in the same hours.
The villages affected by the deterioration of the road include Shillong, Thadning, Samatan, Thadialong, Lummuriap, Mobandu, Lathymphu, Umsalang, Musiaw, Thadbamon and Sookhlieh. Mowkaïaw Assembly Constituency.
“The police guarding Rahul and the management said there is no space left,” said Thombor Shiwat, CEM JHADC.
Rahul has promised to take care of all these issues if the Congress party comes to power.
“The BJP government is trying to create divisions between other religions and others, other ethnic groups and others because they don't want the people to have time to think about it. “Every day you will see that the rights of the citizens of the country which are given and enshrined in the Constitution of the country are being violated,” she said. , the government is trying to knieh noh and there is also political pressure on the political leaders from the opposition by using independent agencies like the CBI and ED these are the reasons why we as a party together “It is the support of other NGOs that we have come forward,” said Babeeta Sharma.
Expressing his concern over the spread of drugs, HYC Vice President Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh said, “It is sad that there are many drug traffickers and drug users in Shillong who have been able to walk on the streets”.
Police have arrested the three suspects and charged them under the NDPS Act and the investigation by the Khliehriat Police Station to find out more about the suspects is ongoing.
Teimi was found dead by the residents of Ksehpyndeng at about 4:30 PM this morning.
Students today took part in the Hynniewtrep Youth March which started from MBOSE to the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat where Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit held a rally. .
“Many residents of the villages under the NST who rely on agriculture have been affected by this sale of land,” said Bah War.
At the same time, Shillong received 33.3mm of rainfall while Umiam received 32.4mm of rainfall.
He said that there are some of them who have come to deceive him with money so that he will not demand the Government to release the report publicly and he will stand firm to demand the rights of the people. your hymn.
Shillong: Three members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, including Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang, Leader of the 25th Mawsynram Constituency, of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), have been arrested. Fairlin CA Sangma from 48 Selsella constituency and Benedict Marak from 44 Raksamgre constituency, who are MLAs from the ruling National People's Party (NPP).
Once he was born, he was already a Socialist for the family in the community.
This order was also issued as part of ensuring that the cutting and storage of meat by meat vendors and the keeping of animals by the people who keep them are done properly. including the transportation of animals for hunting or eating.
Rymmai said that before Dr Khonglam became the Chief Minister of the state, there had been months of discussions to convince those colleagues that Dr Khonglam would become the Minister. Rangbah where this happened shisha.
Perhaps the only way to implement school buses will be to reduce the traffic jam in Laitumkhrah.
Finally, he requested the Minister of Education, Rymbui, to release the Physics course from Sally Agarwal.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest said, “Do what is right and not only what is good, because if you do what is good you will not be able to please everyone.
As the believers, he urged them to hold fast to the social structure of the church, which is to strengthen the faith and to be pure in heart and to serve others and to contribute to the church and society to grow and develop.
But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,
Money Power and Politics have started to go hand in hand in Meghalaya as in other States of India, even in the Autonomous Elections. District Council too.
They were elected to legislate and how to improve the income of the State as a whole and to punish the government departments that are not working properly.
In a letter, the union has expressed its concern over the outage of the Jio network within 10 to 23 days. There is only one Jio tower in the area and the residents have relied only on Jio to get the networks to do the necessary work. and online.
Riburom Jat of Mynthong scored the first goal of the match.
The residents of Narpuh area, from Lumshnong to Malidor, are in darkness due to the lack of action by the government and NHAI to repair the road. Forest road, it cannot be said that such a condition of the road really causes trouble and danger to the passengers especially when they get sick when they need to go for treatment or medicine to the health centres. In Khliehriat, Jowai and Shillong, the residents face only landslides during the dry season and during the rainy seasons. The maintenance of this road will cause more problems to the passengers when the rainy season comes.
When referring to the way of working for children in the Khasi custom, it is necessary to understand the meaning so that the meaning of the words is not misunderstood.
“As a championship team, we need to start from scratch.
Replying to a question by Andrew Shullai MDC opposition, Finelyness said Khanduli village falls within the council boundary and falls under Nongjngi Elaka and has its own recognized Waheh Shnong. Regarding the revenue collection gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) at Khanduli, Finelyness said the council had received information about the incident, but due to the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam, He added that the two Prime Ministers will soon inspect the border area in West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills on the 15th of November due to the clashes between the Pnar and Karbi communities.
This has led to unlimited exploitation and depletion of this groundwater resource.
