Mukul rejected the allegations and complaints of the people on the increase in violence in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, after receiving complaints about the lack of maintenance of the tower, the union has inspected and found that this could endanger the neighboring households.
The journalists pointed back to the crowd.
This was confirmed after the draw of all the teams that have qualified for the Round-16 of the Europa League this season.
Kingstone, who is the Working President of the Lokayukta, said that members of the Inquiry Wing of the Lokayukta have submitted the chargesheet and a detailed investigation report to the court. they are not special in Tura.
Dr. War said that until now many people have not followed the rules of the health department and even at the funeral home they have violated the rules and they have left more than 20 people as per keep.
The Government of India has also announced a subsidy of T.200 per unit of Ujjwala Yojana for those who use up to 12 units of Ujjwala Yojana per annum.
“Ka seng has demanded that the state government should talk to the central government to release the quota rule and allow the implementation of the quota rule of the state government to allocate quota to the Scheduled Tribes,” he said. Shillong: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Trade, Town Committees and Building Bye Laws, today held a meeting with the media. He said that due to the lack of clarity on the notification of the government to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAC) regarding the Building Bye Laws The KHADC will seek clarification from the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, congratulated the government department for taking the initiative to celebrate this special day to prevent or eradicate HIV/AIDS in the state.
The WSBCCC condemns this crime as a crime that can lead to racial discrimination and therefore urges the law enforcement agencies to arrest the perpetrators and punish them. according to the law.
So far, more than Rs 51 lakh has been approved under these schemes to uplift the families of street vendors.
On the other hand, if the CHC cannot provide services to the people, I would like to say that there is no point in opening it. Doctors, Nurses and others cannot be provided temporarily especially if there is a demand for the people of the area.
Marak also promised to give his full support to the village and will send a complaint to the electricity department to complete the repair of the transformer as soon as possible.
Regarding the opening of the Screening Centre, Bah Donroy Kshiar, one of the leaders of the HNYF, in Ri Bhoi, said that the HNYF is saddened to see that Meghalaya has improved itself in a short period of time. The demand of the people of Assam living in this area.
It is hoped that the government will be able to develop a market that will develop, expand, strengthen and maintain the hard working spirit of the farmers.
Elections in India are more difficult.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has established another Circle, the Umsong Circle, which will look after the welfare of the people of Ri Bhoi District.
The Seng Khasi has been able to take many steps in the past few years to fight against the forces that come to deceive and lead to the following of others.
The film stars Daniel Nongrum, Sweety Angelirie Kharumnuid, Favian Sawkmie, Wanrida Pyngrope, Basharboy Nongrum, Master Ambresstar Kharumnui, Mebanri Saphai and Master Wanteillang Saphai.
He was the author of several songs published in the Khasi Song Book.
That's what you said, all these things are just the politics of someone.
The meeting was attended by members of Laban Dorbar Shnong, Tei Lang Kynthei Laban, Youth Association, Doctors, Staff, Joint Directors and Engineers from the Health Department.
According to the Minister, there are 61 shops in East Khasi Hills, 10 in West Khasi Hills, 13 in South West Khasi Hills, 31 in Ri Bhoi, 35 in East Jaintia Hills, 07 in West Garo Hills. 53, South Garo Hills 13, North Garo Hills 18, South West Garo Hills 21 and Sohra sub division
Besides Titos, other UDP MDCs who will contest the 2023 elections are Paul Lyngdoh who will contest from West Shillong against Mohendro Rapsang.
He said the ban on beef is not the responsibility of the central government but the responsibility of the state governments as written in the Constitution and the central government cannot attack the state governments.
Any drivers who do so should be severely punished as a warning to others.
The story of the valley of dry bones precedes the resurrection.
In the Under-16 Boys category, it won four gold, two silver and one bronze medals.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem, Bah SL Kongwang, in a statement, has issued a strong warning to those foreigners who are accused of smuggling goods to Bangladesh from across the border. According to the information and complaints of the villagers who pass through this road, they see people from outside the village carrying them. They also bring Dkhar Bangladeshis to take the martuh which they hide in the forest.
Speaking to reporters, S.Kharlyngdoh said that the purpose of Adhar is the basis and the purpose of implementing Adhar is to collect the records of people through the bio metric data record, which is on the fingertips and in the eyes of each person and which differs from each person; even if they are not married.
Shakti Bhargava, the inspector of BJPU Bhargava Hospital, threw stones at GVL Narasimha Rao while he was speaking to the media to protect Sadhvi Pragya. The Malegaon bomb blast has joined the BJP and will contest the election from Bhopal against Congress candidate Digvijaya Singh.
What is the BJP's intention on these issues if it comes to power in Meghalaya?” she asked.
They liked to call each other by their names, Symond called Boris Bozzie Bear, while Boris called Symond Bozzie Bear. 'Otter'.
Today, the traffic jam in this area, has been very heavy, where the passengers to Iewduh, have to ride for 3 hours to reach Iewduh from Hynniewmer.
After eating and drinking, the mother and son prayed and thanked God for being with them on the journey without their father. of the room.
However, gradually, as they say, the number of cases has increased, but many people have been allowed to wear masks.
After this explanation by Bah Ardent, the Rangbah Shnongs expressed their support and cooperation with the Revolution.
Arkini Chyrmang scored in the 21st minute and Bandaia Ryngki in the 54th minute while Prayme Kyndait scored for Pateinki Sabah in the 11th minute.
So far, 2,061 cases have been reported, 1,249 have been discharged from hospitals and six have died in Assam.
Therefore, you students who have received these tablets from BYJU"S which we (NLHSS) have worked together to distribute knowledge to coaching for the examination NEET, JEE and others should work hard and use them properly. tablets and the training you get from school so that you can succeed in life,” said Richard.
In addition, she has completed her MTET and D.El.
From 12:00 Noon to 4:30 PM from Loomsooiung (New Hill)-Iawmusiang area, Stand War, Mynthong Road (District Library).
However, according to Bah Ardent's statement to reporters in the past few days, it shows that the meeting will not have any meaning at all because on the 19th he announced that he will hold a public meeting at Madan Student, and at that meeting. He himself said that he will end the confusion within the ARPA, which shows that it may also be an announcement that he will resign, because his speeches are those that he has given to the ARPA. He said that although the meeting convened by KHNAM on the 15th will be held in any way, the meeting will go smoothly. He said that his decision will be final, not the people to take decisions but he respects the power of the people. Ardent said.
All people over the age of 2 years should wear masks in public places and in crowded places outside their homes and in places where it is difficult to observe social distancing or stand and sit for longer. page.
We have committed ourselves to be the employers who want people to work in Meghalaya and the aim is to enable the villages to improve their skills by working with us.
Satan started in the garden of Eden and has continued to pursue mankind to this day and beyond.
According to the RTI, last year, the Hima had collected revenue of T.45,000 in 2014-15, but the RTI from the DC office showed that the gate at Mawjongka cost T.1.20 lakh,” he said. said Curtis.
The Mawdem Presbytery has organized a football tournament with the participation of four districts including Mawdem, Mawskei, Warmawsaw and Usmong.
Jowai: A youth identified as Kynsai Naiang, 17, of Nangbah village, West Jaintia Hills District, has drowned in Wah Myntang. The incident happened at 1 pm on Tuesday while he was walking with his friends.
In the meeting with many small and medium-sized traders, they said that it is not easy for them to go to the banks, but if the banks open the doors to provide educational opportunities to the public, it will be a good idea. great benefit.
The NH 62 connecting Rongdong to Baghmara via Siju has been severely damaged and it will take a long time to clear the debris along the road.
The arrested were identified as Santosh Kharkekary alias K. Shimang, Deputy Commanding Officer of the 3rd.
However, there are still several suspects who are still on the run, and police are conducting search operations to arrest them.
When opening these units of khadar administration which the people really need, the government should immediately provide the staff so that the people can benefit and our youth can also get the opportunity to provide them with the services they deserve and will also eradicate unemployment.
It doesn't matter how big or small the house is, but if we have a little space to put books, then the house will be filled with new and clean ideas.
For they have no knowledge of the destruction of the wicked.
Perhaps, in no other part of India, the nature in these Khasi Hills will be hostile to the destruction of plants and hidden mineral resources.
However, there is no formula or calculation on how and in what manner the allocation of constituencies to women will start.
The Tribunal has fixed a date for the hearing in Shillong on 16th June.
Shillong: A 6 year old boy from Umwiehsup Pyndengumiong village under Mairang Civil Sub-division has been injured in the electric shock on the 16th July 2021 at 1:30 pm. division.
“The government should also remember that commercial taxis have paid a high tax and therefore by banning them from these places it shows that they do not respect them.
Therefore, in this incident, the woman was seriously injured.
Angkit took three wickets while Avinash Rai, Kishlay and Charm took two wickets each.
Dhar recently said that a proposal has been made to build a central jail in the new Shillong township.
“O Kongthei, you are here.
He also urged the family to make good use of their donation even if it is small.
He said that if the elections in KHADC have to be postponed, this too has to be done in JHADC as it is not appropriate to hold separate elections for the three district councils.
Just as God has given Satan the power to destroy (Job 1:12), so He has begun His power at this time to rule over us by darkening the power of His light. God.
After the signing of the Khasi States, the treaty was sent to Delhi where it was approved and signed by the late Chakravarti Rajagopalachari, the last Governor General of India on 17th July
“For the last 40 years, there hasn’t been a problem when it comes to the health of the people in the area.
On the second day of the Lukha Festival, a trekking was held inside the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary. this is the walk.
There is no rain or snow, but the lights are off, and the MeECL electricity department sends the bill every month.
There are 19 teams that have qualified for the 2nd Inter-Office T20 Cricket Tournament
All sports have been closed, all schools in these three cities will be closed from the 1st to the 10th of this month except for schools without Examination Centers. to their examination.
km to the Hima Mylliem which was forcibly taken over by Syiem Bor Manik on the grounds that the Syiem alone cannot give away any land without the approval of the Dorbar Hima.
A day after the High Court ordered the state government to file an affidavit on the power outage in the state, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on 6th June said that The Government will submit a report based on the facts on the load shedding and the cause of the increasing power outages.
Of these, 375 candidates were found to be eligible and 4 candidates were rejected. The rejected candidates were 3 males and 1 female.
However, the State Government has fought against it by allowing private individuals to operate these bridges, where they can load coal trucks.
This is the rebirth and it is here that man understands that the kingdom of God is within him.
Shillong, July 8: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, informing that the Executive Committee of the Union, which met, on On July 3, 2017, it decided to remind him on the VAB Act and also on the issue of the MUDA Act of the government.
If you are a volunteer, you have the right to work or not.
Shylla said that it was only after he assumed the post of CEM that he would find out the documents that the government had sent through its Secretary W. Rapthap (Political Dept). “I found this letter sent last year but the former CEM has not done anything,” said Bah Shylla.
The KHADC has also introduced its own fees for the registration of land.
Aiboklang P.Wanniang who represented India in the 44th World Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 and who came 11th in the 60kg category was also awarded.
Speaking to media, Bah Samborlang said that after carefully considering all the political parties, he decided to join the TMC which is a new political party and has no signs of evil. in the state of Meghalaya.
The people should no longer believe in these 60 Ïarmangkalai who move around every season but should elect new faces who can shape the state and the future of the present and future generations. come.
The Executive Member of KHADC in charge of the District Department, Bah Jambor War was the chief guest in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills, Bah W.Nongsiej. District Commissioner V. Swer, Deputy General Manager of NEEPCO, Shillong, Government employees, Village Leaders, SHG members, Principals of Schools in the area, teachers and students.
However, the school children seem not to believe anything because they are still thinking and taking advantage of the confusion of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Bhopal: The Madhya Pradesh government has decided to punish the government employees who have staged a strike in the past few days by walking naked. by walking naked.
It was in the second half that both sides managed to score the first goal.
The demolition took place after a meeting between Lieutenant General Harinder Singh, commander of the XIV Corps in Leh, and Major-General Lin Liu, commander of the Xinjiang Military District.
“We should work together and not against each other.
Throughout the day, Chauhan also visited the Civil Hospital in Nongpoh, the Health and Wellness Centre, Umsawnongkharai, the Anganwadi Centre, and the Integrated Village Cooperative Society (IVCS). The purpose of the inspection was to take more action to develop the district as an Aspirational District.
Nongpoh: “Although we are only Daju smugglers in this Byrnihat Market, we have been able to attract dozens of foreigners, who have come to earn and earn a living by smuggling. I've been to this market once a month, but this is not through my violence against them, but I've turned them away by doing this work that I've done for them (Foreigners) In these years, all these years have passed,” said the Daju Khasi at Iew Byrnihat.
The medical report of the doctors said that the injury was serious.
This area of ​​about 10-15 sq.km is beautiful and has small hills and beautiful plains with trees, forests and meadows.
“When the election came, it was like the people threw stones at me and forgot me but after the election they remember me. " he said.
Prestone said that Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang, Rangbah Shnong, has met him to express his acceptance of the government's decision.
On Tuesday night, residents and security forces clashed in Uripok, Yaiskul, Sagolband and Tera areas of Manipur.
There was also a food distribution to all the prisoners by 'Adventures – We Care' (AWC), to encourage them to change their lives and to send a message to them that the world wants them not to stay. within the confines of prison and to be responsible citizens.
This dance was held at Lyngkyrdem by the Syiem of Khyrim but the Syiem of Mylliem could not hold it.
“We must be ready to prevent, and deal with, future health-related events.
The doctor had to walk and it took him 30 minutes to reach the hospital.
He said the people have not understood the party's election issue and they still have feelings for the BJP by misleading other parties.
This is the shortage of doctors in Meghalaya.
Therefore, this election 2023 will be a test for the Nongkrem Constituency, whether it will win or lose the right to vote, let us see.
The suspension of the construction of the ICP Dawki by the Land Port Authority of India has caused the area and road to become very bad and difficult for vehicles to pass.
The BSF has issued an order to conduct a Court of Inquiry into the incident.
A leader must also have self-control when appointed to carry out the task and must be courageous and unselfish to speak the truth.
The prime minister should not appoint politicians just to confirm seats.
Shillong, October 30: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) Ardent Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that the arrested KSU and HNYF members should be released. The KHADC will no longer recognize the issuance of No Objection Certificate (NOC) by the Rangbah Shnong to foreigners for Trading License. Your Village Council.
The time of poverty is the most difficult time for all women.
Paul Lyngdoh said that his inability to take part in these protests is because as the people have elected him as the leader, he will fulfill his duties in the Cabinet.
The UDP Mawlai Circle urges the government to order the cement company to provide employment to the villagers and neighboring villages first otherwise the government should not allow them to do as they do. women.
The happiness of the Class – XII students who received these tablets free of charge is indeed a blessing to those students who know how to use them properly.
For those readers who are not smart or have not yet traveled around to see, know and experience the lifestyle of the people and the beauty of nature in the villages of Ri Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, I would like to suggest you to visit the villages of War Jaintia, Khyrim, Sohra, Mawsynram, Maharam, Langrin and Nongtrai. The kingdom of Nongstoin, in the time of Synrai.
He said that Tangjait has existed since ancient times and during his tenure as CEM he did not approve to give Khasi jait to foreigners. There is a mistake in the work of the District Council.
Spellity was born in 1925 in Wahkaji village in South West Khasi Hills District.
The recommendation was accepted after being based on the recommendation of the Task Force of the Taxation department.
However, he said that the government needs to introduce a proper policy in education so that education in the state can be equal to all.
Ethnic identity, religion and special snap are just some of the weapons in the arsenal of the Congress that it uses to arrest people.
Even now in the era of democracy which we think is a peaceful and peaceful time, it has not been so.
When the Police found that the driver of the truck was trapped inside the truck, they tried to extricate him using a tow truck.
Thousands of devotees took part in the procession with Most Rev. Archbishop Dominic Jala as the Chief Priest in the presence of Sohblei Sedish Marak, Procurator of the State. Shillong and all the priests.
“We have changed our mind and it is also up to the state government to change its mind to implement the necessary plan,” he said.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 5,516 and the death toll has risen to 1,1
She said that due to the ban on the transportation of goods, she will have to stop the transportation of goods before informing the authorities.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government stands firm on the ground that talks with the rebel groups will succeed only if they are serious about stopping the violence. .
In the Mrs. Loompyrdi Iongpiah 2021, Duwa Toi, Aununa Challam and Synchar Pyrbot won the third prize.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 11: Only a few months left for the people of the state to elect new leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the State. The candidates have gone to every village to seek the support of the people on the grounds that they are standing to contest this election.
The semi finals will be held on Tuesday (30th) where Seng Khasi College, Shillong will face St. Anthony's College, Shillong at 9 pm while Shillong College will face St. Edmund's College at 9 pm. College at 11 o'clock.
The March Pass was won by Sacred Heart Girls HSS in the women's category and Phudmuri Presbyterian HSS in the men's category.
They added that at this time they will not allow any unfair measures in this regard.
With inventories falling, prices begin to rise.
Besides many of the leading office bearers of the party like the Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, Spokesperson, and Incharge of the Women, Youth and Agriculture Department, it was seen that the BJP leaders in the past like Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh Former President, Former General Secretary, Bah HS Syiemlieh Leading leaders did not appear in the list but it was seen that they were elected only as State Executive Committee Members while Dipayan was elected as State Executive Committee Members. He was elected as the incharge of the Youth Department and the Yuva Morcha.
EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has proposed banning flights from West African countries.
After being sworn in, Justice DY Chandrachud said that his main goal is to serve the people of the country.
He recalled that in the 2019 MDC election, when he contested for Bah Sherborlang Mawlong, it was alleged that Bah Samlin had converted to Hinduism because he had gone to worship when he went to mourn the death of Atal Bihari. Vajpayee, but when he was elected, he won.
The new leaders of KSU Raid Nongtung Circle include Bah Edmund Shadap as President, Fleming Sten as Secretary and other office bearers. The Seng has been opposed to the construction of the railway in the state since these days. The Seng is still standing firmly on the same position against the construction of the railway line. He urged the youth to work hard especially the influx of foreigners should not be allowed.
“However, he said that even after many meetings and discussions, this has not reached anywhere, and even the intervention of the Central Government is still pending.
“Wherever we go, the people turn to the UDP because they say that it is only the UDP in this election that has hope because whenever they turn around, they see that nothing has happened,” he said. state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Charles Marngar said that the farmers in Block-II have lost a lot of money due to the collection of taxes on the sales of the government by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council. The tax is up to T.8 per kilogram of synsar.
He said that it should be brought before the people because the people no longer trust the law.
The team played well in all aspects, with Dipayan Nandi and Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria scoring.
God bless you.
The AASU, in collaboration with the North East Students Organization (NESO), has continued to protest against the bill.
“Today's meeting was successful and we thank the Ksiang of the state and central government who took part in this meeting,” said Bah Manbhalang.
Because in governance we need to have intelligent governors if we want the state to move forward and not those who have been transferred to the IAS. The teachers themselves will remember forever that only this MDA government has taken care of them.
“The four buses are commercial vehicles and the first document they should have is insurance but they don't have insurance, they don't have fitness, they don't have pollution and they don't have road tax. “What is the basis for the police search of the documents?” he asked.
So far, the YSR has won 144 constituencies, while Chandrababu Naidu's TDP has won 30 constituencies out of 175 in the Andhra Assembly elections. Province.
Therefore, the deficiencies of leaders when speaking English are heard, seen and observed by all people around the world.
Therefore, it is necessary to find out the basis for how the Khasi language uses the names of the creatures of nature to use male and female.
From my own contact with a person who tested positive for covid19, we had to test for RT-PCR and when I tested positive, others at home tested negative.
Therefore, the state renamed Meghalaya has been created in accordance with the Assam Reorganization Meghalaya Act 1969, which states that Meghalaya consists of two districts, the United Khasi Hills and the United Khasi Hills. Jaintia Hills District and Garo Hills District and the North Eastern Areas/Recognition Act 1971, relate to urban areas.
Home delivery is encouraged.
Tamil Nadu, with 26,500 new cases, has the highest number of cases in the country today.
“We have been patient all these years, we are law-abiding citizens.
Meghalaya had to score 83 runs in the second innings but failed to score at the start of the match, losing four wickets and scoring only 11 runs before Abhishek Gupta and Roberth Sangma. They will turn heads again in scoring runs to lead the team to third place.
On the other hand, Bah Embhah said that even after they have sent a complaint to the UDP leaders, there has been no action from them to the extent that they have to take action. this is the decision.
This is the intention of the department without prior notice to the villagers but it is said that the company's staff will come to install the Smart Meter in these days to your villages, kat When contacted by the Rangbah Shnong, they said that even they don't know anything about the Smart Meter.
The reason for this is that the driver of the tanker was driving improperly and police have arrested him.
“Loving yourself and your language doesn't necessarily mean you hate one," he stated, urging collective unity amidst differences.
This place is very difficult, because the road is also very bad.
It is on this basis that we as a group of youth organizations want to eradicate these evils”.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has invited clubs to participate in the U-13 Republic Day Football League which will start in the first month of July
Powerful Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) planted by Naxal militants under a road were recovered in Bijapur district of Chhattisgarh on Tuesday, police said.
She said that in fact the court should have asked the government why the HNLC has called for a curfew and not against the media.
Bahunlang Nongkhlaw of Sanker Dev College, who opposed the motion, followed by Nangiaisan Kharlukhi of St Anthony's College and Precious Full Shabong of Sanker. Dev College supported the motion.
The Pastor said this at the 25th Anniversary Celebration of the Pariong and Nongsynrih Presbytery of the Shillong Branch.
Also present were the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma, Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala, State Ministers, MLAs, MDC and others who were invited.
These youths expressed their surprise over this and are now waiting for clarification from DHS if there are any irregularities.
The curfew has been smooth and orderly without any disturbance. The roads and markets in Iawmusiang have been closed and the markets have been empty, even the vehicles. The mator didn't see anyone walking or standing.
The delegation was led by Redyonstone Nongrem (Chairman Education Cell KSU Sengkmie), Pynshai Rani (Secretary, Education Cell KSU Sengkmie), Forwardman Nongrem (EC Member), James Mawphniang ( CEC Member), Banjop Maring, KSU Raid Nongtung Circle Leader and members from the area.
There was an attempt to knieh the key of the vehicle to prevent the driver from playing chess, but the driver refused with force.
She went to the fire and sat on a lyngknot near the fire, covering her head.
“There are vehicles carrying jhur since the 7th but they haven't been able to unload the goods. They haven't reached the place of cold storage,” he said. It will help the farmers to put the price of the product first when it is too expensive as in Dkhar.
“The High Court (HC) has recently ordered the HPC to respond immediately to the proposal of the state government.
Lumsohskie FC beat Umstain B 2-0 and Lumshnong YWSC B 1-0 beat Chiehruphi SYWC B 1-0 in the pre quarter final of the Narpuh Sports Association (ENSA) played at Umkiang today. Thread.
Voice of People Party (VPP) MLA Ardent M. Basaiawmoit on Tuesday welcomed the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and welcomed him to the throne.
“We will encourage this new farming method to increase the cultivation and production of rice in the state,” he said.
The opening match of the tournament will be between Jongksha and Khapmaw at 2 pm. The opening ceremony will start at 11 pm at the Jongksha Stadium.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The KHADC's Building Bye Law will not come into force at all and will remain in writing because the Bye Law of the state government will stand when don't be afraid.
(Dr.) B.D.Mishra (Retd.) who was not in Shillong on this occasion welcomed them and also gave gifts to the students and teachers who accompanied them.
Referring to the reservation policy, he said he would abolish it so that the people of Meghalaya would be united without any discrimination in employment especially between the Khasi and Garo.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya has seized a large quantity of drugs and sarees worth T.17 lakh from those who were trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh.
On November 6, 2021, Katrina Kaif and Vicky Kaushal, arrived at their wedding venue and the preparations for the wedding started on November 7, 2021 and yesterday, the hali and the sangeet were held.
The donation was received by Bah LD Lakiang, Waheh Chnong of Ladthadlaboh.
On this occasion, a memorial stone was also unveiled by the children and family members of (L) Rowell Lyngdoh and a gift from the village to his youngest son.
Dr Mukul said that from the first day, he suggested that in order to ensure that there is adequate work for the households and any parks, the government should appoint an independent committee to oversee the households. or the Independent Committee for Ensuring Quality Control to ensure the smooth running of the construction of the new Legislative Assembly.
Thus, those who have developed theology have the same vision as Martin Luther King, Jr.
Khasi Jaintia Hills is bordered by Assam to the east, the Karbi and North Cachar Hills to the east, Bangladesh to the west and Garo Hills to the west.
If it weren't for the age of social media, the announcement of a holiday every night for tomorrow morning should be an immediate cause.
Glad iator is one of the most beautiful Hollywood films and has won many Oscars in the past years and was released in
“There was a stone throwing by the crowd and there was also a shooting by the BSF and the BSF officials immediately came to control the incident,” he said. tell.
“I think you understand that just before the elections, many MLAs left the party.
On this occasion, it was learned that a meeting of HANM will be held on the 11th of this month to discuss the outstanding tasks of the HANM. may resign himself as the leader of the Sengbhalang.
Even the MCH Hospital at Panaliar has not been fully opened by the government.
The two organizations encouraged the residents of the area to stand united and fight against this illegal act of the Assam government.
Of these four, only three are still alive in the old age and two of these four have passed away.
He said that this incident happened due to the lack of a proper border between Assam and Meghalaya.
The CEM said that if the UCC implements all the customs and traditions, the inheritance of the indigenous people will be lost and therefore the EC strongly opposes this proposal of the Central Government.
Regarding the Eastern Ri Bhoi College, Bah George B.Lyngdoh, said that he will take action to talk to the government, in order to provide for many of the needs of the college and especially to equalize the and other colleges in other parts of the state.
Shong hara – not lynnongThew phylla – the market is counted and counted.
At the same time, he expressed his confidence that the people of Meghalaya will give victory to the Congress for the good work it has done in the past years.
The opening ceremony was opened by the MDC of the constituency, Bah LG Nongsiej who was the chief guest.
You can drink about two to three pela a day to witness the benefits.
As far as we can, we should produce more words and make them part of the language.
Shillong: The Sohra Labor Union today renewed its office bearers at the Sohra Village Centre.
Shillong: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) comprising the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' The Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students Union (AMSU), Garo Students Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) congratulated the people for their support and support. The curfew has been called by the party today.
Before joining Rangers FC, Bala Devi played for Manipur Police, scoring 26 goals in 37 appearances.
“It is for this reason that we have submitted a letter to the Prime Minister to demand that the State Government should abolish the Personal Interview in Government departments.
Superintendent of Police Vivekanand Singh, IPS, in a statement, said that the drugs were seized from a woman who was traveling from Silchar to Shillong-Guwahati in a vehicle. Sumo.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
Please note that 2020 is a PANEMIC YEAR.
Other batsmen were Charm Marbaniang (3/12 in 7 overs) and Angkit Tamang (2/2 in 4.2 overs).
Umiam, July 18: The death toll from the landslide in Umiam, Ri Bhoi District, has risen to six, including five in Tharia, Ri Bhoi District and a child in Lum. Kyntung, Umtyngngar, the road to Sohra.
He added that the JHDS has a responsibility to share the problems faced by the people at this time.
(Luke 29:43-45.15 :31-34) But they understood none of these things: and their unbelief was hardened. sign to prove that Jesus is the Messiah and came to earth to die on the Cross to redeem you and me from sin.
Who can imagine that from the Bangladesh border you can talk exactly to Delhi, London, and you can also see as if you are talking at home.
“All the departments have seen this proposal and felt the need to make changes and we will take the Bill to the Legislative Assembly,” she said.
DC to PD Sangma.
Nongkohlew, October 09: The Kharbteng Kur Dorbar has held its fourth Kur Pyllun Dorbar on the 08th October, 2023 at Nongkohlew Village, East Khasi Hills District.
:On 12th November 2023, a team of the 193rd Battalion of BSF Meghalaya arrested a vehicle near the Dulainala border under the in the district of Meghalaya.
When the trial came to an end, the court of Special Judge POCSO found Saddam guilty of the crime and decided to punish him according to the rules of law.
The group is surprised and shocked that people who have held the position of MDCs, legislators of the customs and traditions would speak on this issue which affects the customs and traditions, not only the Ri-Bhoi but in the whole of Hynniewtrep.
No.6009594917.
At the same time, Bah Phrenly, criticized the state government and the MLA for not taking any action to address the issue of the border area. on the border between India and Bangladesh, while the rulers of the region, under the banner of the CCIB, have been fighting for their own land.
We have the right to get the Ranikor Administrative Unit and then the Ranikor Civil Sub Division, another C&RD Block in the Wahkaji-Umdoh area. above these.
He said that the purpose of the inspection was to see whether it is still suitable for small vehicles to drive only to reduce the traffic jam on the Mawiongrim to Umïam road.
Shillong: The National General Secretary of the AITC, Abhishek Banerjee, today said that the AITC will contest in all 60 constituencies in
In the men's singles, Gregoreo Passah defeated Jomie Singam of Manipur 14-21; Netania T Tariang beat Pinki Karki of Arunachal Pradesh 15-21, Sheetal Joshi beat Princhee Das of Assam 21-17; 21–5.
By Lurstep.
Anushka is currently in England to watch the match between Sri Lanka and India as part of her support for her husband at the World Cup. in England.
In 2015, the Act was repealed from Tripura and its boundaries were reduced from Arunachal Pradesh and is still in force in Assam, Manipur (except the municipal parts of Imphal) and Nagaland as well. The Martial Law has been in force in Jammu and Kashmir since
Therefore, God's people need to contest the election.
It is learned that those who wish to be President, have now started canvassing for the members of the Nomination Committee, so that they can get the majority in the nomination of the President and other office bearers.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor said that only after the election, before the announcement of the MDC results, he fell ill and suffered severely. He said that he only knew the news that he had won from his illness and could not fight with the people. It is also believed that this day will also be a victory celebration.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The demand for cow milk is high while the production of milk is very low in the state.
The final was witnessed by Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of SDO PHE (Electrical Division, Jowai) Roskil Challam, LSYA office bearers, village elders and others.
DRI personnel have arrested two persons from the vehicle and charged them under the NDPS Act
Furthermore, in his speech, he taught and encouraged the people how to reuse zero waste products because if you know how to make and decorate these products can bring many benefits.
Speaking to reporters, Mawkhlieng said she had received an order to suspend her on the 30th, and in the order, there was no statement why she was suspended. The EAC and the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills have not yet received any investigation.
Shillong: The Chaphrang Sports Club Barato today held a one day program on the Block Level Neighborhood Youth Parliament at Barato Village in collaboration with the Office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Jowai. and Sports Government of India).
The meeting was conducted by Bah Peter Lawai and Bah Nickson Dohling, former Leaders of the HYC-CB. Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and Francis Gee Mawlong while Secretary Issac W Basaiawmoit and Lumlang Kharlyemlieh were appointed as Secretaries.
The purpose of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to distribute the jaiñkup syaid which is also the first step is because they want the poor and rich families to celebrate Christmas together and the Union will continue to do so. The distribution of jaiñ kup syaid will be held in the 20mer and Byrnihat areas on the 30th of this month.
In the last Assembly elections, the party had fielded candidates in all 60 constituencies but won only five constituencies.
Nongpoh, June 11: Regarding the incident in Jatalong recently where three Khasi youths were shot and injured by Nepalis, the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District and West Karbi Anglong District have also condemned the incident. Three Khasi youths from Sabuda Village have been arrested by the Assam Police without knowing the reason. .
Jose Mourinho has been sacked from Manchester United after the club failed to perform well under his leadership.
Teinwel said the EC on 10th November, held a meeting and directed the Dorbar Shnongs, Hima, Raid, Elaka and Wahadadar to be vigilant after the end of the NRC. and Assam.
Earlier, speaking at the briefing, Ronmoy Das of the Income Tax Department said that the tax exemption for the market is in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act.
The rule of the land: it listens, it hears, it thinks, it organizes: it feeds, it drinks, it takes care of, it makes happy: the country covers it: the mountains produce all the income, which earns her husband, or her brothers and sisters, or all her children: and she holds and performs all the rituals and customs pertaining to that house.
The vehicle of a Lok Sabha MP from Manipur has collided with the gate in front of Parliament this morning, the report said.
With the completion of the third round of the tournament which was held in June 2020, this year the players will be able to take part in many sports.
The decision to lift the curfew from these two places was taken after active surveillance and testing for those who may be affected. pandemic.
After God created the heavens and the earth, He put man to rule over them.
This is the message that God has put in my heart, my friends, brothers and sisters and fellow Christians, let us examine ourselves individually and let us avoid being selfish lest we fall into the tree of sympathy. You are God.
If we read the preceding verses we will see that the reason why God will send the plague is because of the unclean marriage between God's people and Satan's people.
He said that other states from the North East like Kuki Land from Manipur, Amrit Tripa Land from Tripura, Karbi Anglong, Bodo and others will meet at Mawphanlur to discuss the issue. claims of the State.
According to the TMC MP, the Khasi language is an Astro-Asiatic language spoken among the people living in Meghalaya and Assam.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The residents of Block-I area including Deiñler village have said that they have been fined by the people of Karbi while carrying their own goods. it is more expensive when they bring Synsar from their fields.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn has been surprised by the statement by the Minister of Revenue, Bah Kyrmen Shylla that he has never received any complaint from Balakhawa area for the development of Assam.
One of the accidents happened at 4 pm when a truck container (ML-05-P-3599) was heading from Guwahati to Shillong. When she reached a place in Shangbangla, she went to hit the divider of the NH-6, which overturned on the road. Barbara of Laban, East Khasi Hills, passed away.
To what extent our Government of Meghalaya has been prepared in this regard we do not know; Therefore, I feel that the Government of Meghalaya should have provided all the necessary safety measures and trained nurses.
Speaking on the occasion, the Sordar of Raid Warmawsaw-Umsohbar, Bah Pingstone Pator said that the rally was held to protest and express their dissatisfaction with the demarcation process between the two governments. Meghalaya and Assam, because many of the land has gone to Assam and many of the residents of this area do not want to be part of Assam and want to be in Meghalaya.
“I hope to pass the interview,” said Dr Laloo with a smile.
“One of the issues that is of great concern for us is on the need on the need to make this program involved among the communities.
Pynursla, Naiwieng 10: The election of a new Sordar of Raid Shabong, Hima Khyrim, will be held tomorrow.
Shillong, March 20 : U Mawlai MLA, Bah PT Sawkmie on Saturday fulfilled his promise to former Rangbah Shnong (L) Bah Silvester Kurbah, also known as Bah Best. He donated 4 lakh tyngka along with food items to the Mawlai Phudmuri Dorbar Shnong at the Indoor Sports Hall, Mawlai Phudmuri.
It is pleasant to see that the KHADC which is the Stieh of the Jaitbynriew here in Ri Khasi has taken the decision to close down the shopping malls which have been sold by foreigners. I'm a Khasi.
This will also be an opportunity for the team to showcase their skills, in which they will play against a team that is higher than them, and expect to bring a spectacular match against these teams. Lajong is one of four teams in the I-League, including Sreenidi Deccan FC, Gokulam Kerala FC and one of the winners of the playoff between Rajasthan United FC and Inter Kashi. The 12 teams of the ISL will compete in the 16-team tournament divided into four groups.
In 2016, Conrad K Sangma took over as the National President of the party and continued the same path, which has been going on for more than 30 years.
This incident happened in
“We will start holding a national executive meeting at the national level to request the states to start inviting applications for those who wish to contest the elections and then we will decide,” he said. Sangma told the newspapers.
The AIVF leaders said that allowing children to eat pylleng, such as jyntah during lunch at school, will force them to stop eating. jyntah jhur, but, that they should start eating pylleng from now on, in which he said, that if they are forced, to eat pylleng until the fifth grade, then this will affect the children later, when they advanced to the upper classes.
Furthermore, the author of the petition expressed his concern by saying that the court cannot argue that the unemployment rate in Meghalaya is still less than 50% because the Khasi- Jaintia and Garo received 40% and other ethnic groups received 5% and none of them received more than 50%.
This is not the first time that the KHADC has not responded to the calls of the state government departments.
Jatah Nonglyer Village Cooperative Society together with the Integrated Village Cooperative Society Jatah Nonglyer has a plan to build a view point here and requests the State Government especially the Tourism Department to take action. This area is to promote tourism in the rural areas which will benefit the employment and income of the villagers.
He stressed on the need to work in the fields with responsibility and said that steps have been taken to develop new jobs to support more income from activities related to you haw haw.
Israeli troops say they have also killed Hamas militants with Biari and their underground base has collapsed in the heavy fighting. Israel.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic has said she has protested against the decision of the All England Club Wimbledon Open. and they have now allowed men and women athletes from Russia and Belarus to take part in this year's tournament.
The Purinam also speaks of the nature and 'U Sha-kmia', that is, the understanding that the Pahara – the creations of nature – should not be destroyed, destroyed, because of these forces that have come together. They have the power to destroy and destroy if we don't have the Spirit of Thinking with our fellow creatures in the womb of Mother Earth.
L Rymbui's desire for science has led to the development of science education.
He said the Meghalaya government has already paid Rs 13 crore to the National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPC) and the Meghalaya government pays Rs 65 lakh daily. The Chief Minister said that the times of power cuts will be decided by MeECL.
There are also those who say that if you don't implement it, you will fall behind.
The Kerala jhur is a variety of jhur widely used in some Asian countries, it is one of the most popular jhur dishes of East India.
Assam's Shiva Thapa, who has won six medals at the Asian Championships, won 5-0 in the light welterweight category 60-63.5 kg. Harivansh Tawari of Maharashtra.
On 31st October, the curfew will be in force for only seven hours from 8 pm to 2 pm.
On the other hand, the HYC, Nongwah Circle, through its President Samla Artison Kalwing, said that the HYC is deeply saddened by the lack of attention of MePDCL to replace these electricity posts. the village, because they can collapse at any time and cause injury.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Land Forest Owners Association (MLFOA) today congratulated the heads of the Forest Department, including the Addl PCCF, CFO and DFO (T) for convening a meeting on the issue of The meeting also expressed its gratitude to Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Chief Executive Member, KHADC for appointing a 17-member Committee including members of the MLFOA to review the bill. the Government of India's intention to amend the Indian Forest Act
The contractors are foreigners and have proper documents from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He reminded them that the work of teaching is an honorable work, a special calling and a work in which they have received special power from God to fulfill and fulfill His purpose. .Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in the state has risen to 159 today.
“The seizure of drugs has increased to Rs 71 crore and police have been deployed on high alert to crack down on drug traffickers and smugglers.
Dhankar visited the Kamakhya Temple in Guwahati as part of his visit to the state.
Not that they buy inheritance from merchants.
I want to know clearly in what area the Government has not worked because we have tried our best and the people have seen that”.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Due to the meeting of the Sumo Owners Association from Ladrymbai to Shillong, no Sumo Tourists will be operating tomorrow.
During the search, the police and personnel deployed by the Election Department have seized kyiad pyrsi. Police also seized the khiew containing kyiad pyrsi from the shops.
Borlin Rani, near the destroyed house of Bah Michael: Rupang After that, they tied him with a gun to his body and took him to the top of the bridge to throw him down. doesn't.
K Dkhar, 2nd Polling Officer, Polling Station, said that half an hour before the incident, there was a fight between the polling agents, because one of the polling agents did not accept the other. After this incident, less than 1000 people came to the polling station after half an hour.
They said that the residents of the area did not know what to do because the terrace of the woman was flooded with water but suddenly she came. Wiandarning Nongsiej, 27, who works at a Kali manufacturing factory near the house, has been arrested. He climbed to the top of the terrace and bombed the electrical sign and rescued the woman.
It is unfortunate that those few men who are not interested in the people of the state, but they should get the consent of the people, without forcing their way of thinking on the majority.
The meeting will be held on Saturday and Sunday, and is the first time that India will be able to host this event.
The opposition members strongly opposed the introduction of this amendment as it was not timely and demanded that the government should implement it until October 2019 to expire the MDC term. “I don't know how to take action against the judiciary and the time has come and if we don't do it now, when else will we do it,” he said. too.
He also warned that people should not shoot or catch these birds as this is against the rules and regulations of the Wildlife Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
I don't trust the decision of the High Command”.
It is worth mentioning that on Sunday, after the troops of 58 GTC blocked the residents of Mawshbuit Village to enter through the gate, the incident occurred. Several residents and members of the KSU were seriously injured in the clashes.
The claim of Prodipta that she is a Khasi has shown that she is lying, and this has been confirmed by the statement of the Rangbah Shnong of Siatbakon that the village has no knowledge about this person. The Rangbah Shnong of Riad Laban and Madan Laban said that the village is suspicious of the woman.
Supercare Hospital, Shillong is the first hospital in Meghalaya to receive full accreditation from the National Accreditation Board (NABH).
They include President Dr. KD Ramsiej, Vice President Dr. WR Kharlukhi, MP, Prof. (Smt.
“Although the policy is good, the implementation is not good so the implementation is very important,” he said.
“Some say that the election may not come soon.
He said that the flooding of ponds, dams and rivers requires that at this meeting to discuss this issue to find out the reasons and ways to avoid this before it is too late. .
From now on we will not be poor anymore but change will come,” said Halbert with a smile. “You have heard what my mother said, my son,” said Bruton and turned to his mother. "Oh, where did I put that radio?" said Larisa, looking in the room.
After that, it was quiet even though there were two more residents who managed to pass the examination which is one of the toughest in the country because only the most intelligent were selected to become those. IAS, IPS, IFS. They are the ones who run the administration of the country and all the Government Ministers have to trust them.
Km, which shows that from the records of 1972 the area has been lost about 60 Sq.
We apologize to the residents of Iooksi, because the organization does not have the power to help all the families of the village but the WJNC through the small power of the organization, in collaboration with WJNC – Iooksi Circle, has tried to help shaki cat.
“The contest in Shella has shown that the UDP candidate will win the election while other candidates are fighting for the second place,” said Bah Chyne.
One person has lost his life after a Maruti Suzuki Eeco collided with a truck at Salaroh, Jowai on Sunday.
The meeting was conducted by Dariker Lato, Asst.Teacher. Welcome speech was delivered by Sanki Toi, Asst.Headmistress, prayer was delivered by BM Shylla, Asst.Teacher.
Shillong, July 12: The Government of Meghalaya will hold an award ceremony as part of the celebration of Meghalaya Day on the 21st July,
The country certainly benefits from these steps.
More importantly, we need to express with all our might in Parliament the problems faced by the people of Meghalaya and the aspirations that the people of Meghalaya want to achieve so that we can start a new beginning. issues related to development.
After many criticisms of the working methods of the management of the Company, which were also suspected of rampant corruption.
(rtd) Rangbah Shnong M.Pariat and currently Rangbah R.Rymbai, Asstt.
The landslide has threatened the houses along the national highway, due to the heavy rainfall since last night.
Mann has removed Vijay Singla, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Punjab, for asking for only 10 percent of the tenders submitted for the project.
For more information, contact U Rupang.
Shillong, Naitung 25: U Bah Enbin Kharras, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), today denied that he has promised to resign from the post of General Secretary of the party.
Not only that, the spirit of loss without thought of the future enters the soul of man, by burning the forest, the trees, which have turned, and the water that flows from the they begin to ring tyrkhong and at the same time to disappear.
The NPP-led government has done many things and more than other governments in the last 50 years, but why doesn't it listen to the grievances of the people? in terms of roads, but also electricity, water supply, health facilities, education.
Mawblei Assistant Executive Engineer, MSEB, who is also in charge of the office at Mawshynrut, Balarina Syiem, is one of the officers in charge of the office. Mairang, Eastern Khasi Hills.
On this occasion, awards and certificates were also distributed for the 100% enrollment of children in Lumsohphoh Village of Umsning Block, Best CRC for Heronice Masharing. and the Best Slogan won by Persara UPS Umsning Lumumpih on the slogan “Evil will spread if the right to education for children is not protected”.
They also informed that these residents of the state were able to arrive safely in Kohima through the assistance and cooperation between the state police and the Assam Rifles.
At present, the election is still too far away, only after four or five days the people have changed, like the last MLA election in
When asked who led him to sell and drink drugs, he said that no one led him but it was only his own selfishness and his excessive drug addiction. in these types of jobs.
Earlier, Bah Paul Lyngdoh had lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri Police Station alleging that his guard was assaulted by one of the truck drivers at Lower Mawprem, Lumkshaid on Friday.
In the past 24 hours, the death toll has risen to 38 and the number of cases has risen to 1,0
Shillong: The drivers of Laitumkhrah to Polo vehicles have expressed their concern over the one way road from Polo to Sawfurlong.
During the search in the presence of independent witnesses and Additional SP Jason Mairom MPS, 150 plates containing 44,900 bottles of Phensedyl illegally counted of 100ml were recovered.
"Even school children are misled and become drug addicts," said SP Kharkrang. He said that there has been an increase in the number of drug addicts and this has led to other crimes. .
The vote of the Chairman sustained the no-confidence motion when it reached 14 votes to 15 votes; The Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar has been dissolved in accordance with Rule 22 (1) and Rule
Of course it cannot be done and Shillong is one of the cities that has become known as the Scotland of the East, but with the passing of the days it too is becoming darker and the pollution is increasing with the passing of the days.
He urged those who have been imprisoned to leave while there is still time, because tomorrow they will not be able to leave again.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hek said that the entrance test cannot be exempted from the examination as it has to be conducted regularly.
According to the source, the Nepali Association is preparing to hold the market at Langpih (Lad Mawdiangsnam) with the aim of ending the Langpih Market which has been in existence for many years. He also announced that those who wish to sell at the market must apply for permission and sign an agreement with them, in order to allow them to sell at the market. We are sure that these Nepalis have also invited the people of Assam to join hands for the organization of this market.
“Because the government has brought about development, even if it has to take money, it doesn't mean that the government is corrupt.
The UDP leader has not yet announced the names of all the candidates who will contest from the party in the upcoming elections, but from his speech, it is understood that there will be many candidates. Nongpoh: U Bah Bathok Nongmalieh, one of the most prominent leaders in Ri Bhoi, has joined the UDP Party. Former DSP of Ri Bhoi, Bah Ploster Syiem, together with many other leaders from Ri Bhoi, today announced that they have joined the United Democratic Party (UDP).
However, during the rainy season, even the women have to go down and eat more than what is left.
“Fortunately, there are Saitsama Out Post Police who have protected us, but otherwise there will be bloodshed,” he said.
In the second half, Nongkrem played well but the rap ap dieng couldn't control the ball and Kith United had many chances. Samson Nongrum scored four more goals in the 58th minute and Pynbha Marngar in the 62nd and 74th minutes. Atlanson Kharmaw in the 75th minute. Nongkrem FC, although they struggled to score, didn't manage to score and until the end of the match, they had to lose by Samson Nongrum of Kith United was named Man of the Match who scored three goals alone.
JOWAI: The Catholic Church of Kyndongtuber, Mooksiang Parish, West Jaintia Hill District on Tuesday celebrated its 100th Anniversary.
“This is the initiative of the veterinary doctors to know whether the cows are sick or not,” said Bah Warjri. from the outside.
The general meeting of KHNAM on Saturday elected new office bearers to strengthen its work under the leadership of Bah Pyndap Borthiaw Saiborn as President.
On the other hand, the speakers including these elders said that the existence of Self Help Groups and Village Organization as a mother is a benefit to the women to improve their income. that they may have cooperation in all things.
Not only that, it was also reported that the top leaders of the Guwahati Press Club have been paid and the figure shows that T.1.03 crore has been paid by the truck owners to the newspapers and television channels.
Third turn (after 12 days):- Replace the skum and turn again as described above.
The salary of the teachers was deposited in a plan of the Head Master of Mawhiar LP School, Bah Simon Tynsong.
I would like to add that this signature campaign has been held regularly and recently we have held it at Mawlai Datbaki Bus Stand, where many youths of this village have come forward to take part. by signing your name.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: Hundreds of farmers have come to the District Agriculture Office to get fertilizer in Khliehriat today. Several people were injured especially an unnamed woman who was injured and fell dead in the snowstorm and had to be taken to hospital.
Just appearing in front in the world.
The book of Revelation also speaks of a new Heaven and a new Earth.
Those Online Classes that the Government has launched have not been successful.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Teiborlin Nonglang, Sordar of Umwali Village, said that the land donated by the village to the government through the police department is about 1.50 acres. It is also located within the village of Umwali.
This amount is deposited in the form of a Term Deposit which expires once a year.
However, the village leader has banned them from holding such meetings.
Speaking to media, the President of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee, Bah Charles Marngar and Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning and former President of the MPCC, said that The Congress party is delighted with the support of the people for the arrival of Rahul Gandhi, as it is the support of the people that has made the rally a success.
Once upon a time, during the time of the plague, People fled to the forest, The houses in the village were abandoned, Every village was built.
One is the Khasi Custom Lineage (2nd Amendment) Bill introduced by the Khasi Hills District Council which states that a Khasi woman who marries a Dkhar (Non-Khasi) will lose her Khasi Scheduled Tribe (ST) status. and her offspring and children shall also lose all ST privileges.
According to Naik, after the arrival of these 240 buses, the parking time of the buses will be reduced and they will run smoothly to speed up the passengers.
They also said that when carrying and cleaning and leaving at night, they have to cover them with jri clothes to avoid the cold.
Madan Umwang, Block II, is one of the villages where there have been many disputes between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam, on the border issue. The Government of Meghalaya, especially in the field of development, will lead the people of the area.
Many assistance has been received and the work of the Raij Kongwasan Dorbar Hall is progressing rapidly.
The union said this after finding that many of the foreigners who came to work in the area were led by village leaders and government employees.
Referring to another report related to the clashes in Manipur, it was reported that on the night of the 5th and 6th of this month there was a heavy clash between the security forces and armed groups.
“There is a strong pressure on the Government of Meghalaya to implement the railway line.
“The Nongstoin-Maweit road is the worst in the world, even a horse will fall if it walks on this road,” said the Mawshynrut MLA.
Besides, he said that the reservation policy is not fair and it is unreasonable to continue with the same policy.
Speaking to Rupang, Minister K. Langstieh, Minister in charge of Iewduh, said that only the Daju who are foreigners have to apply for Labor License while the Daju Daju Khasi don't need forms, they only need to register their names so that it will be easier for the Hima Mylliem to prepare the uniforms they need.
He added that in these days it is necessary to have that spirit of cooperation in order to prevent the destruction of the environment, because if we don't surprise people who protect the environment it is a threat to the future generation of the nation.
He said that the President of the Congress should not try to create religious differences in the state by blaming the BJP. The party has been staying at home and resting in schools and studios.
We can use the resources of the earth, the forests, the waters and the rivers for our own survival.
Until now, the situation has been peaceful and cold, due to heavy rainfall, but the police have not been able to pass through the office of the Syiem of Mylliem, because it has been blocked with stones. large vehicles cannot pass through the area.
In East Garo Hills, three grounds including Rongjeng for T.7 lakh, Mangang Bamil for T.6 lakh and Jatrokona for T.6 lakh have been improved.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the Coordination Committee, Natiang Moodop, Bah HW Sutong said that the purpose of the meeting was to inform the Director of Education. children in this area are mad all the time.
Today, these three places, did not receive any rainfall, although in Shillong it received only 0.6mm.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the Government of the Ministry of Education to punish the teacher of Lower Primary School, Bah Wikiru Shylla for his lack of responsibility in teaching the students.
The Umkiang Dorbar Shnong said that if the council takes action against the demand for money, the employees will take strong measures and even file a complaint against the council employees.
At the same time, Jesus was not afraid to question and criticize the traditional laws or regulations that oppressed, oppressed and enslaved people.
On the 9th, there will be a 1st Miss Lathing contest at Madan Dukhu Nangbah with Rock Band Homeland and other local artists. that prize.
Thakur said the Swachh Bharat 2022 program has been conducted in 6 lakh villages of 744 districts across the country through youth groups within the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) and its partner agencies. and the National Service Scheme.
Renikton said the committee will look into the status of some villages and whether these villages are included in the 2011 Map and whether there is a change of villages or the emergence of new villages. After 2011, the committee will also take the necessary action.
They also said that the Assam police do not hesitate to stop even the vehicles that intend to take medicines and this seizure is only because it is a Meghalaya vehicle.
In the 3rd Division, Umphrup beat Mylliem 0-3 with goals scored by D Kurkalang in the 18th and 62nd minutes and D Nongsteng in the 58th minute.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister promised to take action against Sanbor during the speech of the Lamphang who is also the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. The meeting was held on the 6th at Orchid Lake Resort.
The JHADC has announced that the Department of Mining and Geology through notification No. MG.49/2011/Pt-I/86 dated 24/01/2019 has amended the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession (Third Amendment) Rules. , 2018′′ has abolished the requirement for NOC from the Autonomous District Councils, but if they are companies, factories or foreigners they have to take NOC. The council has urged the state government to repeal Rule 6 (1) of the Mining Lease in clause (g), and demanded that the words ' No Objection Certificate' not by District Council.
He said that although he wanted to retire from public service and devote more time to his family, there is a voice from his heart that says you were born to serve. .
After the shooting, Mahipal started to pull Dhruv into the car, but he couldn't.
C Vanlalhruaia top scored for 21 runs, but all Mizoram batsmen tied for less than 10 runs, including seven who did not score.
“I have done such activities since I was in the youth organization and also as a village office bearer to honor the elderly and those who volunteer for the village and others. yes," he said.
The body of Marius was found in a hole in his house on Monday and there is no suspicion of anyone involved in the incident.
The Regional Committees will submit their reports by the end of November and will be followed by a working meeting between the two Prime Ministers.
“It is the responsibility of everyone to protect themselves and also to take responsibility to vaccinate because it is only vaccination that can prevent the spread of the disease,” said Dr. War.
And he didn't accept the sacrifices or the temple.
He said that his appearance in the race to contest the election together is on the grounds that Pynthorumkhrah Constituency needs change.
The Waheh Shnong congratulated the Sein Khynroo Dorbar Chnong Khimusniang for taking the initiative to plant trees to bring about the beauty of the village.
Nongpoh, Naitung 11: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) has honored and encouraged 35 students who have passed and passed the SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate examinations and also 2 students who have passed the SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate examinations. Bantisha Diengngan who completed her Post Graduate in Water and Soil Agriculture and Dr. June Merry Diengngan who completed her Bachelor of Dental Surgery BDS. This was held on Saturday at Nongsder.
On all these allegations, the CEM concluded by saying, “Perhaps they may have other intentions behind the scenes, but I don't have them”.
Meanwhile, for the first time, police have seized 14.2 kilograms of crystal meth worth T.1.5 crore.
You will be able to lead the government after the election.
There are hundreds of photographs taken by hundreds of artists from all over the world, including about 30 from India, including some from Meghalaya.
On this occasion, the village has held a small program to open the campaign of the village which was conducted by the Chairman of the village BP Sohsley.
It is also necessary to correct any shortcomings or mistakes that may have existed from the past centuries to the present day without pointing fingers or blaming anyone so that we can avoid many kinds of trials. in the future.
We from the government, we say, please take action because if there is any incident or incident in the country, as the government should inform the public so that there will be no tragic incident in the country. community”, said Ampareen.
There may also have been a confusion between the coal mined before the NGT order and the coal mined afterwards.
Farhan during his visit to Rajasthan to find a suitable location for his new film has found that there are some places that many have not yet taken. in Rajasthan and feel that through the arrival of films in the state, the tourism industry in Rajasthan will increase in the coming years.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting of the State Government will be held on the 4th June 2020 at 12 noon at the Conference Hall of the Divisional Officer, Mih Myntdu, Jowai. .
The matter has also gone to court where the court has ordered the government to pay the remaining T.2 crore.
Entry No.4: Vehicles coming from Bamkamar Tyrshang area will enter from Chutwakhu Road and pass through the Catholic Church to the parking lots.
A similar celebration was held in Nongstoin at Tiehsaw Square and before the meeting and various programmes, a march was held, which was attended by the MLA. Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait MLA candidate from Mawthadraishan Constituency, bike riders, horse riders and the people.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the target of the state government through the health department is to complete 100% vaccination against Covid-1 I don't want Christmas.
Earlier, the meeting was conducted by Babu WL Snaitang, Assistant Teacher.
Nongthymmai MLA and UDP Working President Jemino Mawthoh said the UDP will invite all political parties to join hands with them on this demand and to prove the allegation. The Minister said that their protest over electricity is not political.
The incident happened at a village about 50 km from Jowai in Iooksi area and the body of the girl was found on Thursday.
For example, in marriage, brothers and sisters still count on marriage, even if they have accepted the faith in the Christian congregation.
He also declared the polling day on July 4, 2024 as a day of no alcohol in the entire South West Khasi Hills District.
We may recall that recently, there was an incident on language and she went to New Delhi to meet the Home Minister.
The school would like to thank all the participants, parents, students, the Managing Committee of the school and especially all those who have donated for the needs of the school. Headmistress of the school, Mrs. Mardiam Kharduit.
In 2014, Chris announced that he doesn't want to act anymore but he continues to do what he has to do.
He also congratulated the USBA for producing many athletes who have brought fame to the region in the field of sports competitions whether in the state or abroad.
Latiplang today met with his top leaders from the Core Committee and Organizing Committee to take this decision.
On this day, let us renew our commitment to uphold the value of democracy and also to ensure a free, fraternal and equal country among its citizens.
As soon as he left, he said to me, “During the elections, you don't have to lose a vote”.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the Khasi Students Union, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “There are many talented youth in our state, but we have to point out the government's actions in these areas. in the past fifty years, because of the depression and despair of the youth.
Even today, as far as we know, there is not a single engineer in Assam who works for agriculture.
Police said the stolen song was worth about T.20 lakh.
“Here we need to think carefully about the violation of the Constitution in which there is Schedule I which mentions the boundary of Assam as the boundary before the Constitution of the country which includes Assam. , the Khasi Hills and the areas occupied by the tribals,” said Bah Erwin.
The song is produced by B4ndit and the video is shot by Nalarympei Production.
Referring to the milk alone, the Minister said that almost half or more of it has to be purchased from abroad.
The State Government has decided to set up Community Isolation Centers (CICs) in the villages to quarantine the patients who fall under category A and B. Sampath Kumar, IAS, who sent to all the Deputy Commissioners directed to implement the CICs after the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 and provide financial assistance to these CICs which receive patients.
SHILLONG: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle on Monday inaugurated the two classrooms of Mawlai Umjaiur LP & UP School.
The statement said that the producers, producers and actors of Awria have defamed other Khasi producers and actors and will not promote the talent of Khasi filmmakers. The KSU strongly opposes the youth to commit crimes in front of the society.
He said that he had recently written to the Prime Minister about the program “Mann Ki Baat” which is broadcast every month through AIR to inform about the cleanliness of Mawlynnong. He mentioned the village of Mawlynnong in his speech on the radio program Maan Ki Baat.
KSU War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday distributed tins of sopiing to a family whose house was damaged by the cyclone Amphan.
The word riang may come from the English word "rearing" but our ancestors pronounced it "riang" as we hear that they pronounced many English words like "Christmas - Christmas, rich men - ri men , and others “.
If such creatures are re-elected in the 2023 elections, the future of education in Meghalaya will be in jeopardy.
In Shillong, a sit in protest will be held from 11 am to 5 pm at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat.
Besides the meeting, there will also be other programs under the theme of the Research Innovation Initiated Gathering (RIIG).
After the judgment, Aishwariya Malang was selected as the winner of the Teenager 2022 competition.
Corruption and crime are rampant and terrible.
“I can't say who I will fight but all six of us have worked hard.
The leaders of these organizations have raised many issues that have stirred up the minds of many churches and even the entire nation.
On this occasion, the Sordar of Mukertila, Bah Phren Kongwang, has strongly criticized the PWD department for not taking action to improve and upgrade the road despite the demands from time to time.
In the Meghalaya PRC men's and women's race, the first, second and third place winners received cash prizes of T.30,000, T.15,000, T.10,000 and T.5,000 for six other runners.
Many times the Assam Police and the Assam Forest Department from time to time have harassed and attacked the people living on the border from Psiar, Khatkasla and other neighboring villages on the border with the cooperation of the Assam Police. The KSU has accused the Karbi community and armed groups in a letter sent to the Minister of Home Affairs.
We are only 3 people in our household and we have only 3 tins of sharak that have been sold in the day.
The pronouncement of the maram POIEI is the lowest word in human beings, I can say that it is much more precious to animals than those Poiei, because animals have their own homes to live in. They are not like that, because the word Poiei means that they are those who don't have a house, don't have a place to live, Those who come and fall somewhere and those who sleep in the fields, the forests, the btap and the kharai tohtih when they find what they find and those who just collect food and drink are the poiei as said by i it's longkmie.
This was announced by the Secretary to the Police, Bah Cyril V Diengdoh today.
In a petition submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Union recalled that in 1951, the former Governor of Assam had forcibly transferred Block-I and Block-II under the Jowai Sub Division. (Civil) to the Mikir Hills which includes many Khasi Pnar villages.
On the part of the hotel owners, Shri Paramvir Singh promised to cooperate with the police as explained.
However, one of the truths and testimonies even from those who serve the work of God, is that the destruction happens because of the lack of relationship with God especially the lack of unity in the service of God ( Psalms 127, 133, John 10:10).
Then came the development of the Khasi alphabet which was a revolution in the Khasi literature.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said that the victory of the UDP candidates in the mid-term elections, including Mawphlang, Ranikor and Shella constituencies, has shown clearly that the people of Hynniewtrep, They love the Party and they also have that confidence in the policies of the Party, because it is a Party that stands for the welfare of the people.
Inside this forest there are many kinds of animals as witnessed by the lights.
The VIP Rostrum and Gallery was built with the financial assistance of Pala through the MP-LAD at T.30 lakh and the District Welfare Fund from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills at T.15 lakh.
The owner of the vehicle did not inform the police when he pulled the vehicle from the scene and it is highly suspected that the woman may have been sitting in the vehicle. .
“Regarding the persecution against Christians by UDP leader Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, I personally feel that the BJP cannot be held responsible for it. these mats are phang.
The issue of unemployment among the youth is a hot topic these days, especially after the rally of the FKJGP on Tuesday.
He said that if the construction is unplanned or like a water tank, the department in charge of the sale should first seek permission from the Minister of Urban Affairs, but he said that the order it shall not apply to any law that the court has ordered.
He said that this time the Shad Lakhempong has been held in a different way in which the organizers have tried to prepare in various parts to make it a successful and successful festival. and thousands of children were killed in the raid.
Shree Shree Rajasthan DPC Lukier Road 60 years followed by two mandals who have completed 50 years of service, Oakland Bivar Road DPC Oakland and Laban Shiv Mandir DPC Laban, who have reached 50 years of service.
“I know that he didn't come to this meeting because he didn't like me (why hide), but we will take the opinion of everyone. ".
Furthermore, it has implemented technology to make it easier and more convenient for its drivers to transport goods around without any hassle.
There are seven suspects including a woman, two children and four men.
“I have recently spoken in the dorbar on the issue of not allowing the government from Assam to come and smuggle the people within the border. It is clear that this new EC will be for the benefit of the residents on the border”.
The investigation was conducted by the Magistrate of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District in the presence of the Medical Officer of the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Sanbor said the BJP is a national party and all these decisions have been taken by the party high command in Delhi.
FKJGP War Jaintia Circle General Secretary Reachingson Kongwang said that the meeting with the engineer was after the bill payers in the area complained about the sudden increase in the bill light.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC WKHD, who expressed his gratitude to the Unit for selecting him to serve from Circle to District, saying that it is the support of the Unit and the Village of Nongklung.
At the same time, Bah Denis explained that JHDS is a non-governmental organization that works for the welfare of all ethnic groups without discrimination against different religions.
He directed all the states to adopt the Model Fire Bill and introduce a single law across the states.
Kangana Ranaut, 33, is seen dressed in military uniform on her way to Chandigarah airport for her flight to Mumbai.
Your fiber intake can help you control your blood pressure.
They knew he was coming, but when he did, they did not believe or receive him.
“The Minister of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that the salary of ASHA workers is T.5,000 but she knows that the State Government pays You get only T.2,000 which is only T.66 per day.
The union also demanded that the department should appoint a chemist and a microbiologist to check the quality of the water from time to time but the department did not. no attention has been paid to this aspect.
“Because there is a complaint against the Election Commission on the recognition of me as President, the Election Commission has issued this order which has removed the candidate from Mawryngkneng from KHNAM,” he said.
Since then, there have been many activities for financial inclusion conducted by the GPFI. It has introduced and implemented many beneficial policy documents, including the G20 High-Level reduced fees and increased access to financial services, expanding opportunities for underserved households and businesses ago.
This includes raising funds, improving training and support for teachers, and opening up community participation in the education sector.
Although the journalists explained that they needed only the Budget Speech and not the Budget Book, the Council staff did not listen.
The delay is especially evident in terms of employment for those who have completed technical studies.
At the time of writing, no arrest has been made against the suspect and he has fled the scene.
This is the second time for Nangkiew Irat SC to score two goals in the 2-2 draw against Ryntih SC. The match was scheduled to be held on the 4th of July but due to heavy rainfall it was postponed to the 18th of July (Friday).
However, it is still against the NPP that it is the most corrupt party in India, not only the leaders of the Unit here but even the Union Home Minister Amit Shah is trying to mislead the public with that agenda.
The President of India on Tuesday appointed Biswadeep Bhattacharjee as Additional Judge of the Meghalaya High Court for a term of two years.
He passed away on the 29th of November 2022 and was cremated on the 30th.
In 1980, the number of tourists reached 800,150 and foreign earnings increased to Rs 482 crore.
In his speech, u Lahkmen expressed his gratitude to these students who have worked hard to bring glory to War Jaintia, Ri-Lum Jaintia and the State as a whole. father of these students who have encouraged their children especially in the field of education.
In another incident, BSF seized 121 lyngkhot dieng, 2070 billion kyiad, 658 billion Phensedyle, 22 cows and other smuggled goods worth more than T.14 lakh. while smuggling from India to Bangladesh, and was seized last month from the India-Bangladesh border.
On the 10th of this month, the Chief Minister of Assam visited Manipur and held a meeting with the Chief Minister of Manipur – N Biren Singh to discuss the measures taken. Manipur has been arrested for allegedly stealing peace and stability in Manipur.
I told them to stop protesting and go home.
The Director of Health Services (SS) said that the body of Durga Sunar, 45, resident of Rilbong, Shillong, has not been found yet.
The first deaths were reported in Wuhan on July 10 and it took 91 days for the virus to kill 100,000 people and 16 days to kill 200,0 person.
Shillong: "Ha tyllai phasi should end the life of a father who killed his children" this is the voice of every resident, who to take part in a meeting to express condolences to the two children who were killed on the night of 30th June 2022 at Nongrah Nonglum.
Besides these four candidates, there are other candidates who have won the election in this constituency.
But now I don't support it anymore, because it has fallen too far, because it has been destroyed by the whole world.
It is called the "Testament" which means the Covenant and therefore has two parts, the Old Testament and the New Testament, the Covenant between God and man.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, these organizations have arrested an undocumented Bangladeshi Khar from Pynursla.
One political party that can be said to be strong despite the lack of leaders is the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), one because it is the ruling party in India, and one because Its two MLAs cannot be defeated.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11 : The seventh Sunfeast Cup Football Tournament 2022 sponsored by Sunfeast Bounce, which started on 26th November, 2022, has ended with more than 2,700 players. They showcased their talents and showed their interest in football.
“We request the government and the municipal corporation not to destroy the places of worship of the people and not to disturb the peace and order of the believers in the country,” the Archbishops requested.
There are those who have lived in the Khasi tribe, in the past, in the Khasi tribe, the khla and the pyrthat.
Nongpoh: Leaders of four prominent organizations in the state, including the Khasi Students Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and the Ri Bhoi Youth The RBYF, today visited Mawlong Market in Nongpoh, to hold a public meeting convened by the KSU, to express their strong opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act, The meeting was held to demand that Meghalaya should get the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
At the start of the match, Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first.
There are many ways and means if the government really intends to fight against this traffic jam which has become a source of trouble and anger to the passengers who come from all over the state to reach to the city.
He said that there are some schemes which are pending and which have to be resolved and implemented through other schemes and he hopes that soon the allocation will be made for those which are pending.
Four dogs, including labradors and golden retrievers, have been selected for training in Santiago.
On the other hand, STIEH leader Purity Phawa has criticized the NPP-led MDA government in the presence of Mawryngkneng MLA Bah Lead the King.
Dear Editor, This is my last article. Please release it as it is.
The Waheh Shnongs of Wahsarang and Lumshken villages said that the construction of the road has been suspended for about 10 months without knowing the reason.
"# R.W.10.
He said that through the encouragement and initiative of the leaders to organize such games, it will free the youth from evil deeds especially from drugs which is widespread in this area.
Not only that, the quarrying of stones also pollutes the water and causes the death of fish and other aquatic life.
The party has elected Damehiwot Pde as its President, David H.Blah as its Vice President and Genl.
In the final match of the day, Seng Khasi College, Shillong beat Union Christian College, Umiam 3-1
The role of foreign authorities in India has always been a hot topic of election discussion between the various parties.
Biden also expressed the desire of the US to support Ukraine in the midst of its war with Russia, as part of providing support to Ukraine so that it can defend its own border. distributed from Russian border crossings and invasions.
The word binong cannot be used without the word bishon in the pronoun binong bishon.
On the following day, July 16, 137 people were taken to hospital and 20 of them died.
He praised the MPCC leader Vincent H Pala for doing many things for Meghalaya.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned countries to work hard to curb the spread of the coronavirus. This is not the time for any country to take its foot off the pedal.
The Minister, who represents the constituency of the farmers, should have gathered the synsar farmers to discuss their problems and at the same time, he should have gathered these kharkaia, if he feels. need; But the truth is that the trader (especially the Dkhar) will always be a trader, where if he gets goods, he will stay in Shillong and if he doesn't get anymore, he will go back to his village. Your shisha is clear.
The KSU invites all members of the KSU to come together at the same time at 10 pm on that day in front of the statue of this hero at Malki.
Speaking to reporters, the village leaders expressed their surprise after receiving information that the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has quickly prepared for the festival at the venue.
Langsning FC has earned 18 points from 9 games while Mawkhar SC is still in fifth position with only 2 points from 9 games.
In the early hours of the 16th, they searched the hideout of the abductee and called for the abductors to surrender but one of them came out with a weapon to shoot at them. Police and the police also had to fire back and the shooter fell to the ground.
The MBoSE has already lodged three complaints with the police and is conducting an investigation.
Alan said he didn't regret the decision to support the festival when he came to witness.
However, the most important thing is that the government should encourage the use of synsar in the homes of the people, in the offices of the State Government and the Government of India and if so, it should also build a new area. This will be a great benefit and will bring a very reasonable price.
There are debts to the newspapers, which have been paid for decades, but have not been paid at all. T.5klur and those who didn't have the right to pay.
The HNLC on the 14th of this month has taken responsibility for the IED blast on the night of the 9th in Them Metor and has given 10 months to the government to immediately withdraw. the Harijan community living in the Metor area.
Shillong: The State Government through the Cabinet on Friday approved the proposal to pass an Ordinance to repeal the Ranjeet Lal University Act,
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh congratulated the leaders of the Youth Wing, who have remembered to look back on the 25th anniversary of the writing. Youth in 1999 and as the Minister she also praised that as the youth she believes that they have provided the best service in the village in collaboration with the village government.
He said that while he is in power, he will continue to contribute to the society and to his public service as a leader and Chief Adviser to the government.
The Lamphang announced that he does not accept the proposal of Bah Ardent because Bah Paul Lyngdoh (MLA) has proposed to discuss the same issue and he has accepted it to discuss through a special motion. tomorrow is the 7th.
They also have to act and be adults.
Speaking on the census, u Bah Jubanlak said that the census has been successful and the census has shown that this year is a good year. and it is good in all respects, whether in education, agriculture and other occupations.
HC Chaudhary appealed to the residents of Khaddum not to kill wildlife, cut down trees and urged the residents to join hands with the Forest Department in protecting wildlife. The forest department will provide assistance to improve income and economic development in the village.
“The talks will be focused on the ILP and if there is a demand for the ILP, we will not be able to talk,” said the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. Jaiaw said this while talking to reporters.
The word “Sunday” should not be understood.
They said that this is not the first time that such killings have happened in this area, but it is the first time that it has happened within the border. u Sam of the village and urged all the residents to take action not to allow such incidents to happen in the future especially to eradicate alcoholic beverages which may be one of the reason.
The Wushu competition at the fourth Meghalaya Games came to an end on 18th July.
On the other hand, the Minister also clarified that the shooting incident at Panbari village has nothing to do with the border dispute between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh; but it was a conflict between 2 gangs.
On the other hand, the MCTA has demanded that the VC of NEHU should withdraw the notification issued on 12th November to end the ongoing dispute over the issue. The MCTA has also received the notification sent by the Special Officer of the College Development Council (CDC) Debasish Chowdhury on 12th November to the principals. of all affiliated colleges for the implementation of the NEP as a fraud.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has launched a thorough inspection of the scene of the attack.
A Marbaniang scored for Nongthymmai in the 22nd minute, RJ Nongbet in the 78th minute and B Rynjah for Laitlyngkot in the 56th minute.
Jesus is History and according to History people know who Jesus is and to know more about Him they have to think many times because there are two histories or stories that talk about Him. One history speaks of Jesus as a man who was born in human form and became a man like other human beings.
In Jaintia Hills District, teachers under the leadership of JACATAM have staged a protest at the MTC parking lot at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Although the performance of the Behdeiñkhlam festival on this occasion was quiet, the performance of the rituals was peaceful.
On the other hand, the party has sent its condolences to the family, his wife and children.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Mining workers from Shella, Mawlong and Bholaganj areas today met with the Meghalaya Forest Minister Clement Marak to discuss the ban on mining.
When asked whether the tuition fee is too high, Bah Paul said that this is a price that has been estimated and does not mean that it will reach this amount because they will there are courses with lower pay, and there are courses with higher pay.
Very few have the humility to be followers.
Shillong, March 17: The Dohkha Department of the State Government today held the 7th Aqua Fest 2023 at the State Central Library.
Earlier, the UDP had decided to nominate Bah Paul Lyngdoh as a candidate for the MP election by rejecting the PCF's request to support Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit.
“The allocation we receive from ADV and the 20% allocation from the state government to install smart meters in the state free of charge,” he said.
Those who, even after paying the tax collected by the revenue gates of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), still have to pay the tax at the revenue gates of the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong, June 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue of and invite the leaders of various Kurs of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to attend the meeting to be held on the 15th June, 2023 at Lumpyllon Community Hall Jaiawshyiap. to the State Government to amend the Act which provides for all children without discrimination against the youngest daughters.
Why do the Khasi like and cleverly create such stories? Isn't it the scheme of the Bakhraw Batri not to allow all the children of the raïot to stand near the throne? However, as it turns out, not all the Kurs and Jaits really want to carry the lyngkor longsyiem because there are many demands that affect the society and religion that they have to fulfill. cry.
From the speeches of the elders of the village, including Bah S.Marwein, Secretary Shnong, Bah I.Iawphniaw and other members of the village, it is understood that the reason why they were angry was, They said that Bah Tinkle Buhphang, has received a letter from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, that he will continue to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong. The Acting Syiem of the village has done the job of re-appointing the Rangbah Shnong without the consent of the people of the village.
However, today, the KSU Nongthymmai Circle together with the Tramline Badminton Academy will be able to close the tournament which has been divided into different categories and categories.
The tournament will end on the 8th of this month.
The Days of Indian Culture in Nepal: Namaste Nepal will showcase the culture of the North Eastern Region of India.
Fostitos Chenang J Sangma and Sagaba Marak expressed their happiness that they have received seats for MBBS at Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi.
These elders, who came out to repair the road, expressed their deep sorrow over the deterioration of the road, because as it is now, they have to use the Meghalaya roads and they don't get enough There is no need to travel to Assam since the government has closed all the border roads.
The car has three models, with prices starting from $39,9
With the elections approaching, RTI requests and the announcement of the findings of information through RTI will spread widely either through the media or through social media.
The Clinic in a Bag Solution has also been used to provide health services through Rural Health Centers in nearby areas.
She also explained about its impact on health and mental health.
Following the issuance of the order, the Dorbar Kur Syiem Nongshai Pyllun has held a meeting recently to confirm the Sirdarship of Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai.
The seeds are not exactly owned by the government.
Therefore, the writing style may not be very clear.
The LED tube light is 20 watts.
“Every day we can sell no more than 50 small prahs. There are very few buyers, but today we can sell not less than 150 small and large prahs. but there are fewer people who come to buy than the small prah,” said one prah seller.
Shillong: The celebration of the 47th Anniversary of the State of Kolkata was held in Kolkata with the participation of about 300 dignitaries.
Shillong, Nailur 9: U Bah Khrawbor Rangdkhiew, President of HANM Trongplen Unit, has been arrested by the police on charges of leading the arrest of seven persons.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lakmen said, “I have received news that yesterday there was an incident, in which six people lost their lives in Government, in the Deinshalu village is located in East Jaintia Hills District.
Spar said he has resigned as Vice President of the PDF and has also resigned as Adviser to the Mylliem Zonal Committee along with 40 of his colleagues who support the party.
Some of the most famous nightlife spots: The Great Pacific Garbage Patch, also known as the Pacific Trash Vortex, dumps up to 9 million tons of garbage into the sea each year, polluting 16,000,000 square km.
Bah H.S Shylla CEM KHADC Shillong, Rangbah, As a show or suggestion to you that you from the past especially the elders who know well about you in the Khasi Hills, can not say that even until now the people Even from officers to retired IAS officers, the elders tell stories about you and tell you that you are indeed the leader of our Hynniewtrep people.
On the 7th and 8th, the evening sit-in demonstration will continue as scheduled.
The new government known as the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance 2.0, although a continuation of the old ruling party of the previous term and also under the leadership of the same leaders, is different. with expert leaders sitting in the Opposition monitoring the work of the government in all spheres.
He said that these people, who live on the other side of the Umsiang River, Patoli and so on, are still under the jurisdiction of Basan Nongkseh and they still have their own religion, because they too. , they hold the ryngkew of the basa, the lei of Shyllong, which they believe to be the ryngkew of their basa.
Faith is something that cannot be seen or touched or received by hands.
In this regard, he said that the district authorities, the BDO and the village authorities have phoned to inquire about this crowd, as many of the people come from poor families and therefore they cannot wait. They didn't come to their place, but they came yesterday.
These include 11 cases from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from West Garo Hills and 1 case from Ri Bhoi.
According to the complaint lodged by Banerjee, the theft happened on 12/12/2023 at 8.30 pm. 30/12/2023 that unidentified criminals stole the property.
He is a man who is skilled in introducing various schemes to improve income; the employment of the people of the state.
Shillong: The National Students Union of India (NSUI) today submitted a petition to the Comptroller of Examinations of NEHU to clarify its opposition to the online examination. .
It is used all over the world, in countries like the US, Canada, Japan, South Korea and so on.
RL Tariang said that this is a memorable day for the new supporters of the NPP from this constituency. He said that the ticket from 7 Amlarem has been decided to reach Staphanson Mukhim and he hopes that he will win. The Constituency has been working better in terms of tourism which is also in accordance with the nature of this place which has attracted many people from all over the country to visit.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 02: The High Mast at Motpran for the purpose of providing lighting to the market which is busy with vendors and buyers until late at night has been damaged for a day now.
When asked why the government has not yet sent a proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule, Mukul said the government will look into this and will take action.
They were taken from Muthlong village in Pnar area at about 7 pm and reached Pynursla at 5 pm after passing through Shillong.
Expressing his disapproval of the demand of the All India Trinamool Congress to establish a presidential rule in Meghalaya, Dkhar said, “The disturbance of peace and order may happen from time to time but when the Government can restore order, take care of the problems, why when it is necessary to introduce Presidential rule.
“I would like to know from the CM whether the government has seen such incidents that have happened for a long time in this area and all the villagers in the state. “It's the best”, said Bah T.Tyrsa.
Shillong, July 24: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Saturday requested the Government to drop the criminal cases registered against its leaders and members. to be able to promote peace talks.
The Chinese government has banned people from leaving the city of Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus.
One of them was taken to SIRD in Nongsder and the other to CTI in Byrnihat, Ribhoi District.
The VPP chief said it is surprising to know that the Tourist Information Center has been filled by various government departments and corporations. Horticulture bad ka  Meghalaya Handloom and Handicrafts Development Corporation Ltd – Government State Emporium.
The ceremony was held at the Dorbar Hall of the village, which was conducted by Bah M.Dkhar Sordar of the village, in the presence of members of the Executive Committee, Rangbah Shnong, household of Mrs. (L) Wansaralin Wanniang, volunteers of the village and the public.
Shillong: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) today met for its 15th meeting in Shillong to collect information on the environmental impact of coal mining. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The Senior Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Bindo M Lanong, on Tuesday criticized the Congress party and the party-led government. protect the people of this state.
The Vhaipei Commission also recommends that tear gas should be carried when searching to avoid tragic incidents.
Shillong: There have been 210 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
The Commission has also taken testimony from the Mikir (Karbi) people, but has not taken testimony from the Pnars, Khasi, Labang-Nongphyllut, Pangam-raliang, Nangtung and Khyrwang. The owner of these articles is Block I & Block II.
On the 3rd of this month, police found the body of Dwisphida Dkhar, 55, from a hill where she used to grow rice. The incident took place at Laitmynsaw village in Jhalupara district.
The Dorbars of the Chief Executive Members of the Federation of Khasi States, have been only spectators of the Election of India, and until today it is surprising that no MP candidates and political parties have been heard. August 1948. 17 August 1948. 17 August 1948, the United Nations and the United Nations.
Shillong: The lone MLA of KHNAM in the House, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has prepared to move a motion to demand the abolition of the recognition of Scheduled Tribes for other ethnic groups in the state by demanding the amendment of the Constitution ( Scheduled Tribes) Order, 1950.
Police have taken a foreigner named Raju, who works at Sharma Hotel, in the village, to the police station on suspicion of involvement in the incident. At the same time, the family members of the deceased have already lodged an FIR at the Nongpoh Police Station.
It is only when the District Council is established that there will be a law that the jait ka khong shall be given to the mother and not to the father.
The Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, Bah Augustine Nongrum, said that the incident happened in the morning when many of the residents were sleeping in their homes. The fire has spread to other shops, as the public shops in the market are nearby and it is difficult to extinguish the fire. part of the store.
Samla Berister Swer lost the first place out of 10 with only 7 marks.
However, after the state was independent, it was announced that there is a reservation, which he said is according to his understanding, it is for the poor and those who are lagging behind especially the hill tribes.
“The party will contest from all 60 constituencies and there is no doubt that it will win more than 30 seats because out of these 60 constituencies, there are 36 and 37 constituencies where the Congress is still strong,” he said. the Shovel.
Shillong: A fire broke out in Nongkwai village on 28th June 2020 at the house of Helina Sumer.
Recently, the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, told the media that even the Ganol Hydel Project has been implemented to strengthen the generation of electricity.
Therefore, to curb these illegal shops, the union has demanded that the government should issue IDs, so that the shops can display publicly the license they have received from the government. The union also demands that the shopkeepers should build proper shops and not just sit when they find themselves and also to use the bill books of the government. The union also demands that the government should not recognize the shops by law, said Mark.
NOTE – 743.
Mukul said the extension of the GHADC for another six months is because there is still a social agreement between the central government, the state government and the ANVC. There is a final preparation for this soskular before it is announced and it is therefore necessary to extend the deadline to complete the remaining works.
Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, it has been found that there are differences in the way people seek treatment and that there is a reluctance among patients to go to hospitals, which has led to a problem and a decrease in people's health just because they delay going to the hospital.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Ma Thombor Shiwat today said that the reason for the shortage of funds in the JHADC is because the Meghalaya government has not been able to pay the allocation. assets which has increased to Rs 94.40 crore since 2008.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Madan Umwang has expressed his concern about the traffic jam, especially when going to the market and when going to get medicine. witnesses appear before the Assam Police.
It may be recalled that recently there was a strong opposition from many churches to the army's nar erection in the area, where they even went outside their base to erect these nar even to the In the past, this place was used to park vehicles coming from different villages to relieve the congestion of the Ïew Mawlong road. your bag is also gone.
He said that if there are any residents who implement the schemes they receive from Meghalaya, they used to come to visit but these days they don't come to visit anymore.
She also said that the candidate who scored the highest marks in the personal interview while the candidate who scored only 100 marks in the written test was elected.
Replying to a question on the promise of the state government regarding the organization of this tournament, the Secretary, Bah SS Rapthap and Arki, said that the state government has given a sign. The MFA will continue to hold the National Futsal League in the state.
The land for the church was donated to the Diocese of Faridabad Syro-Malabar Diocese 12 years ago to worship and hold services for 1500 Catholics.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: The number of cases of violence against women and children in West Khasi Hills District has increased rapidly with the passing of time. Those who were involved in this accident were children.
At this meeting, the officers also expressed their concerns in the implementation of the PWD schemes to build roads to reach different villages under the jurisdiction of the PWD. and the District.
The ADE also expressed concern over the damage caused to the Mendipathar area due to the collapse of the railway line and said that the railway station at Mendipathar, which is on the border with Assam, has no purpose. , as there is only one train, which runs from Mendipathar to Guwahati and the people of Garo Hills, do not benefit at all from the railway station in this area. Only theft, murder, rape and rape have happened in the area where there is no railway station.
He said that it is not the time to take advantage of political gain, but the time to extinguish the burning fire.
Registered players must submit their vaccination certificate to the SSA office by 1st July
At the beginning of the meeting, a welcome speech was delivered by Joint Secretary Deviana Syiem, Executive Member, Elvis R. Marak, CEC Member, Diningroy President, RS Khardewsaw Finance Secretary and Mr. EG War Publicity Secretary welcomed the guests.
The deceased were identified as Ashram Ali, 30, Depend Rabha, 33, Ashram Ali, 33, Total Ali, 34 and Jornal Uddin Ahmed, They are from Assam except for Depend Rabha who is from the same village.
We should never play or think about our human past, which we draw inspiration from the flowers and fruits we have seen in nature over time.
The event was attended by the Elders, Youth, Longkmie and Parabangeit from the Church of God and the speech was delivered by Bah Friday Ropmay from the Church, Bah L Syngwan. , Mr. CL Swett (Secretary Kher Ramsongkatononor), Mr. Bansynshar Ksanlah (Secretary Kher Jamew) and Mr. RL Roy.
" replied the Father.
The Secretary of Ladthadlaboh Village Council also came to witness the seizure.
“I appeal to my brothers and sisters in Manipur that peace is the most important thing in the family,” he said.
Besides, they can exempt from paying income tax, they can vote and become MDCs because the AD rules of KHADC and JHADC allow if they are STs, they are exempt from the Trading by Non Tribal Act of District Councils. and others.
He also requested the residents to be thoughtful and not to rely on one doctor but to work together and create ways and means to get proper treatment and also not to be misled or deceived by them. who are not like those who have no soul.
However, it is not yet known what will happen after the MLA elections in 2023 and what changes will take place there.
On the other hand, the MCTA said that the implementation of the NEP 2020 has been decided by NEHU at the 110th Adacemic Council meeting, in which the MCTA also has members. The Council has not taken any decision to implement the NEP 2020 from this year, but at this meeting it was decided to suspend the implementation, but to develop the Curriculum, Syllabus and preparation. of various Colleges to implement the NEP
Therefore, it has taken steps to create trouble, to disrupt the election campaign rallies of the NPP,” said Bah Shangpliang.
/ Revelation 22:1-5
In the past 12 days, there have been 1,000 cases of covid-19 in Guwahati and in the past 24 hours, there have been 203 cases of covid-19 in the city.
Following the landslide in Rngaiñ which claimed the lives of two people, the State Government has announced that the NHIDCL has terminated the contract with The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Road Construction, Prestone Tynsong, said that the NHIDCL is also preparing for the construction of the road from Mylliem to Pynursla Bypass. They also discussed the measures and measures to prevent the floods in Rngaiñ while continuing the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road.
This explanatory message was sent by the Waheh Shnong Umlyngsha.
Earlier, Fenela L Nonglait was expelled from the HSPDP while she was on her way to attend the MP Lok Sabha election campaign of KHNAM candidate Paul Lyngdoh. The HSPDP has sent a letter of peace to the HSPDP and said that it is not to apologize or for any other purpose but to fulfill the wish of Maieid Hoping to make peace with the people. Fenela L Longlait, today after filing her application for the ticket, said that she came forward to apply for the ticket through the pressure of the people of the HSPDP from Nongstoiñ. “They forced me to apply for a ticket, they said that if I don't apply for a ticket through an application there will be no way for them to talk or send me a ticket. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything,” said Fenela.
When some of the residents of the village, saw that these people had driven the Mahindra Pick up, they went out to talk to the people, but at that time, the bar. They tried to flee and this prompted the residents of the village to chase away these people, because they were too advanced to believe that they might be the people who were trying to steal the car.
Without him all things were not made.
When it comes to the way we live, there is only one shortcoming.
However, when they need to go to Nongstoin, they have to go down to Rambrai, Mawrok, Mawkhiat to Rynniaw, where the distance from Nonglang to Mawrok via Nongstoin and Rambrai has reached 73 kilometers.
“Bah Ardent said that as of now, if you go to the whole of Khasi-Jaintia, the majority of the people have decided to support the VPP in the MP elections. It is true that the new political parties in the state have withdrawn from the MP election but supported the VPP because the majority of the people have decided so but if you don't do so it will be clear that you are just a BJP and NPP,” said Bah Ardent.
They urge the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to take action and direct the district authorities to crack down on these trucks and seize the smuggled coal. started to spread to other districts.
“Why should we choose the Kings of men when the Kings of God are still alive?”
Colossians 2:12.
Shillong, Iaiong 3: Tomorrow will be the day of the power struggle between the opposition and the ruling party of Mylliem Hima, the Opposition Minister Nongkhlaw said that the District Council will hold the power struggle. he admitted that the opposition now has 28 ministers.
The HYC has also strongly condemned the Gau Bura of the Nepalis in the village. Hercules said that it is the Gau Bura of the Nepalis who used to inform the Assam government about the situation in the village. He was also the one who issued the NOC and permission for the Assam government to build a Police Out post.
Jowai, Jymmang 14: Today is the biggest day in the history of Jaintia Hills and the reason why, more than 10 lakh workers, truck drivers, farmers carry and throw down dew iong, they sit down.
More than 50 years have passed, the previous Governments have not taken action, it is only the election issue that they have talked about on the border.
Purno was first MP from 1977-1984 from the Congress (INC), from 1991-2004 from the NCP (AITC). Purno also served as Chief Minister of Meghalaya in 1988 and Speaker of the Lok Sabha in 1996-1 He was also the first Speaker of Meghalaya in India.
Two others, Mawlai MLA Process T. Sawkmie and Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, will join the UDP. Only West Shillong MLA Mohendro Rapsang has not yet decided where he will join.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 12: In Nongstoiñ constituency, the election campaign has started and there are some places where it has started to be very quiet.
Many of the MPs from the North East have said that I should win again because they know how hard I have worked.
The Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya met the Minister of Defense of India on 20th July 2022 in New Delhi and submitted a report for consideration by the Ministry of Defense of India.
A good wife is blessed of the LORD (Proverbs 18:22). A good wife is the crown of her husband, but a foolish woman is like a crown. it rots in his bones (Proverbs 12:4)In a good mother (wife) love should rule, the mother’s love causes the father (husband) to take responsibility for building the household and to surrender oneself body and soul.
Ms. R. Patlong, spoke on the theme “People First: Stop Stigma and Discrimination, Strengthen Prevention.
The thyroid can help support the needs of the thyroid.
Nongstoiñ, July 20: The Hynniewtrep Achik People Council (HAPC) under the leadership of Jylliew Marweiñ, President of the HAPC, today evening inspected several coal trucks. Pass through the road in Riangdo, West Khasi Hills District.
The honor also went to Kerichard L Marshillong who replaced Rangdajied's leading goalkeeper Banshanskhem Kharsyntiew who saved a penalty from Mawlai captain Brolington Warlarpih.
Hrithik Roshan has praised Priyanka Chopra and the Agneepath actor after watching Citadel starring Priyanka Chopra said that he liked the film and said that Priyanka has done something. what it takes for this movie to appeal and make the audience want to watch.
Because of that, the spirit of ownership of our land has disappeared and we have lost our ownership because we need money to live comfortably and to communicate with other ethnic groups of the country.
The vehicle belonged to Dr Thokchom Meinya, MP from Manipur.
After completion of the investigation, Inspector PE Marwein filed a chargesheet against the suspect under the POCSO Act for raping a child.
This will help in preventing downslide of the party and its image among its local bases.
Speaking to media, Marak said, “I am happy to be in the old party and I chose this party because my mother is a Congress MLA from Selsella Constituency”.
Speaking at the meeting, B.Nengnong, District Program Officer, ICDS Cell, Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat, recalled that the National Day has been celebrated since November 2018 and is still being celebrated now. year with the aim of eradicating malnutrition which affects the health of poor women, pregnant women, children and young women. the main cause of many diseases such as anemia and others.
He said the most important thing is to ensure that diseased animals should not enter the State.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Don Bosco Inter School Basketball Tournament 2023 organized by St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School will end on Saturday at the St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School Basketball Court.
In this match, about 9,000 spectators who came to witness this match, saw that from the beginning to the end of the match, it was very exciting because of the skill and strength of Lamare SC, who scored five goals in the first half and six goals in the second half.
However, this agreement has not yet been confirmed, and the rules and regulations of the Government to implement this project are still in progress, added a statement from the Sports Department.
Surender Gill, Surender Nada, Girish Maruti Ernak, Siddharth Desai, Maninder Singh, Ravinder Pahal and Mahender Singh are some of the prominent players who have not been selected to participate in the tournament. the current group.
Shillong: U Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that 149 contract teachers who have not been dismissed and are still in custody due to the theft of the question papers of the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test last year. 2019.
Shillong, July 06: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya on Thursday announced the names of 52 candidates for the upcoming MLA elections.
“You brought a cow in your MP election campaign. I don't feel anything and I don't think it's wrong.
At present, the Health Department has deployed only one or two medical staff at Athiabari Check Point, which is too short and needs to be strengthened.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, A. Baranwal, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat said that the residents of the district are people who have skills in their own fields and There is a need for further development in terms of industry and other commercial activities within the district.
He said that the meeting also discussed many needs to strengthen the working methods of the police from the implementation of the Forensic Science Lab to the need to install more equipment and personnel to manage the police. and look at this lab.
JOWAI: The Sur of the people has once again elected Kitbok Rymbai as the Waheh Shnong of the Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Shnong.
The song has been recorded at Yash Raj Films Studios, Mumbai, India with recording engineers including Shantanu Hudlikar, Manasi Tare and Abhishek Khandelwal.
A toilet has also been installed in this house through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
“If there is no assistance from the government, we can do it without taking any money from the participants. We have asked for assistance from the companies here in Shillong but they have not given us,” he said.
The petition sent to the CEM of JHADC on 10/7/2020 requesting to suspend the EC of the Dorbar under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and Secy Shnong who have been released on bail since 4/8 /20 for illegally assaulting a woman (Case No 63{06}2
Shillong: There have been 155 new cases of covid 19 in Ribhoi District today, including 79 cases in Ribhoi District and 79 cases in the state.
Because as it has been seen from time to time that chronic diseases which can still be treated in rural health centres, but only because of the lack of doctors and nurses, have to be transferred to the city.
“As soon as I assumed office as the Minister of Home Affairs, I have held a meeting with the state police chiefs to understand and know more about the state of the police department,” he said.
Taking part in the commemoration of the deceased political leaders in the House, Sanbor recalled Dr Donkupar's words to him, “I am happy and empowered to be close to Bah Sanbor because you are a fighter"
It was also learned that the Act will be implemented within 10 years from the date of announcement of the Act, or on the date related to the renewal of licenses for employers.
This was announced by the Vice President of the party, Bah Generous Warlarpih, while talking to reporters.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the decision of the meeting was to contest in all the constituencies in the North East and therefore, the party intends to contest. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has also decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
This article can be obtained from mining-in-meghalaya/.
Yes, this day is celebrated on the third of November every year.
Shillong: Since the outbreak of Covid-19 in the state since 2020, the students of the state have lost many of the benefits that they should have received in their classrooms due to the lack of education. It is only through mobile phones which has also caused the parents of the students to worry for the future of their children.
He said one of the decisions they have taken is to allow the opening of cinema halls in the state, but the seating capacity will be only 1/3 according to the size of the hall. I decided to open a jackpot parlour.
Therefore don't let your heart be troubled.
Some of them, who wrote fiction and some who wrote truth, said that they wanted to live in Jammu and Kashmir and now their dream has come true and they have please hi jrut.
Galatians 1:7.
One of the main sources of revenue for newspapers and other media is through advertisements from individuals, companies and the government.
He is their Messiah.
In a letter of complaint, which he sent to the Deputy Commissioner, he urged the DC to take action on this matter, in order to send an inspection by experts and experienced in the field. Construction, because it is not known whether the bridge is still strong or not and only those who are experienced in the field can explain to the public whether the people are still able to use it or not. this is the bridge.
“With the hard work of the Government, the community and various groups can also play an important role in the fight against Tuberculosis,” said the State TB Officer Dr.M. .Mawrie.
The Fight Against Corruption Team FACT, in a statement issued by its Chairman, Bah WN Dkhar, said that the CEM's support to the employees of JHADC is only a ploy to slow down the strike of the employees of JHADC. The Council said that the state government has not yet paid the Council's share of land revenue and also said that the state government is an obstacle because it does not allow the JHADC to create any mechanisms to generate revenue. the Council.
Shillong, July 18: SBI Ampati Branch Manager Arvind Kumar on Tuesday said that he told the kidnappers to shoot him while they were torturing him but at the same time he prayed to God.
However, the JSM has raised a big question that the JSM wants to ask the NHAI, where has the money gone, which is collected every day and why this road.
She said that through the road construction of the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBDA) in a few months, the farmers have been able to transport Soh Ñiamtra from Narwan to Dubai and Bengaluru, although it is only the beginning. .
From it they make biscuits, cakes and other foods.
On the other hand, we are deeply concerned that as the state has accepted CUET, our students who want to study in various colleges affiliated to NEHU will continue to lose their jobs. “If such incidents happen, we are sorry to say what will happen to the future of our youth if they don't write this examination,” said Bah Roykupar. .
At this meeting, the association unanimously decided to invite all the sellers of broiler, layer and croiler chickens within the border of Jaintia Hills.
The Minister also announced a donation of T.10 lakh from the CMSDF to the Shnong to strengthen the fish production in the Shnong.
And the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field? Where did these things come from? The Master said, oh hateful man who does this.
The target is to assist 4.5 lakh farmers in the state and so far 2.5 lakh farmers have been assisted.
He said that many of the residents from these areas are still low income and it would be a great help if they could get adequate treatment from this government health centre.
The Basan of Nongkseh and the Basan of Nongumlong are the Basan of the Hima Mylliem, but in this religion of the Hima Khyrim they come to offer blang every year, because they have held this since the time of the first establishment of the Hima Shillong. They are the founders of the religion, and they continue their rights which have been established by their parents together with the Long Syiem.
He also urged the CEM to lead the 30 MDCs to demand from the government to withdraw the announcements that MUDA has issued recently regarding the need to seek permission from the MUDA. He said that it is an illegal crossing of the boundary of the department within the area which is still under the jurisdiction of the Council.
The salary is 140 per day.
The celebration of the Silver Jubilee started on the 15th of July 2022 and will end on the 15th of July 2023 as a sign of the closing ceremony. part of the Silver Jubilee of the Club.
This special award was given to a late Catechist of Cachar Hills Assam.
This article is a reminder and to tell the future generations that such acts have always happened in our country.
Only Government Jobs and only Jobs that are Easy and Quick to Make Money for those we pursue.
The high levels of protein in the urine cause the kidneys to become weak and less able to function properly.
The Seng also appeals to the Khasi youth to take part and also to the public to give their full support which is also part of the efforts to free the youth from alcohol and also to get healthy. you shait not strong.
MS Dhoni, one of India's leading cricketers, today announced his retirement from international cricket.
“The next step I will take is to strengthen the police force and I hope that others will follow in my footsteps, as we have followed in the footsteps of those before,” said Jain.
New Delhi: After hours of violence, Delhi police have allowed Punjab farmers to enter Delhi to hold a public rally in field in Engagement Management.
After the insult, Shashi Tharoor had to apologize, saying it was just a joke.
He reminded the people of the development works that have been done by this government, such as in education, health and other infrastructure projects.
The Forest Department of the State Government has spent T.102.02 crore through the Meghalaya Minor Mineral Reclamation Fund (MMMRF) for the rehabilitation of the destroyed mines. small and large landmines including parks that have been left alone after being illegally mined.
Inderjit Singh Rana, IG BSF Meghalaya, said that the tournament will strengthen the relationship between the two sides and especially the peace and stability between the border villages and between the BSF and BGB. School, Mihmyntdu, Jowai has started its journey with a victory in the Subroto Mukherjee Cup 2022 in the U-14 (boys) category.
They also urged the leaders of the Union to set a good example and also to take action in preserving the customs and traditions, so that the people on the Assam side, can see that they The Khasi and Garo villages in the area are united and have their own customs and traditions.
Speaking to media on Friday, Bah Sniawbhalang said the government has already sent an affidavit to the court and at the same time the government is waiting for the order of the court. for doing what is necessary.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Conrad Sangma expressed the government's commitment to preserve the history and culture of Meghalaya.
HITO also urges the Government of India to recognize by law the traditional Khadar system including in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills.
Furthermore, the directive will emphasize the participation of the people, in which leaders such as Mayors and ward councillors, NGOs, NGOs/CSOs, charity groups can be elected. Residents, market groups, self-help groups, students and youth groups are invited to assist in the awareness campaign on the ban on plastic and its implementation.
Shillong, March 20: After it appeared in the media that the money collected through the Professional Tax from Nongpoh and Nongstoin has also entered the account of the KHCF, the KHADC has confirmed that the money has been collected through the Professional Tax. The EM in charge of the KHADC and Chairman of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF), Bah Neil Antonio War, said that the funds have been allocated to the KHCF. The KHCF has written earlier to the CEM (Bah Pynshngaiñ) that it is urgent to hold the Monolith Festival as it is in the months of April and June and it is also the time when investors find it difficult to provide funds. After writing to the CEM, he said that he has received T.35 lakh tyngka, and the money has been sent from the accounts of private individuals and he thinks it is the It was done according to the rules of KHADC.
Gatherings in many parts of Manipur and destruction of buildings owned by government officials have taken place across the state.
Sixteen teams divided into Group A, B, C and D have participated in the tournament. The teams in Pool A are Wahiajer Narpuh YSSC, Ladrymbai B SC, In Pool B, Tpepswer SSWO, Lumshken SC, Shilliang Umshong SC and Rangad SC were the winners. In Pool-C, Bataw YWSC, Lumputhoi SC, Khliehriat West FC and Byndihati SC will play against Wahiajer NYSSC and Ladrymbai BSC. shared 10 points after a 2-2 tie.
“Since 1952, the talks with the Assam Government have been to transfer Block-1 to the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. The MDA Government has included these two villages in the demarcation sector with the intention of inspecting these areas but if the Government affects this sector it will be difficult to get back the Block - 1.
The KSU has urged James Sangma to fight hard for the construction of the Shillong Medical College as soon as possible so that it will be of great benefit to the students of Meghalaya especially those students. who come from low income families and who cannot afford to study abroad.
“I hope the debate will benefit the people,” he said.
In the second leg, Mookyndur beat Nangbah Sports Association 2-1 goals, while Nangbah Sports Association opened the scoring through Ewanmi Pasi in the 1st minute. 50 which lasted until the end of the first half 1-0
In the Tuber area, the prominent elders decided to support Rymbai.
He said that the NPP is originally from Manipur but for several years the party has been destroyed but it has been revived by one of the leaders of the North East, Purno A Sangma who has passed away. .
Shillong, November 18 : Tura MDC and BJP leader Bernard N Marak has expressed his confidence that he will win the MLA elections from South Tura constituency. The Chief Minister of the state, Conrad K Sangma.
At the same time, the delay in payment of the baitiar by the Rural Development Department, where the government has not paid for more than a year, has left the suppliers unable to provide support. He said that the same problem is faced by other parts of the state.
He also asked about neighboring states like Mizoram, which now has good roads, while Mizoram is still struggling with these deteriorating roads.
:The team known as 'Shi Paralok' will hold a penalty shootout on 18th October 2023 and this tournament will be open to all the residents of the state.
The owner of Mel Food Processing, said that although the business has not been able to provide assistance, Prime has played a major role in helping them in the field of trade.
Shillong: Besides the load shedding of 7 hours a day, the load shedding in Pynursla area has exceeded 7 hours a day. Three organizations including the Khasi Students Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Federation (HNYF) have met with the SDO of MEPDCL Pynursla Sub Division. today 15th July at his office.
Former Sordar Shnong Mawmluh II, Bah P.Rngaid, said that the land grabbing in Mawlangria started in October this year and since then the land grabbing has started. there was strong opposition from the residents.
Through the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Programme, 3000 musicians have benefited.
The district authorities on Saturday announced that no dumper trucks will be allowed to pass in the Rani area from 7 pm to 7 pm.
These groups were high paid 100 years ago but have now become low paid in their own country.
The Regional Committee was led by the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, Comingone Ymbon, Nujorki Sungoh, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, BS Sohliya and Superintendent of Police. District Executive Member (CEM) Bah Thombor Shiwat and others.
The match ended 0-0 with no goals scored in the 90 minutes.
The Collection Center is run by self-help groups (SHGs).
It is to be recalled that the demand for a review of the recruitment quota is an old issue that many political parties have expressed from time to time.
He said that the implementation of the Mission in the cities is overseen by the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV), which has a special role in overseeing the projects so that all the opportunities in this mission can be used. new path.
The members of the EC are: Dione's Pariong, Jorbadsing Pariong, Khainding Jahrin, Pristar Kharlyngdoh, Andreas Nongsiang, Phlendar Sangriang, Branly Marwein, Khlanding Jyrwa, Petarius Pariong and Sainbor Iawphniaw.
“The cow trade should be legalized if the police cannot curb the smuggling of cows,” he said.
Other supporters of Ma Muksor said that MDC Laitsing Shylla is a good person, but as he is old, they have decided to support Ma Muksor who is young in this election. .
What is needed is that it needs a strong political party that can bring about peace, faith and worship, in terms of religion, culture, language, economic development and others. others are the secular state of India as a whole.
The Seng on this occasion warns against any intruders who intend to undermine the power and authority of the Village Leaders in War Jaintia. The Seng clearly says that it will not forgive and will protect. to the village leaders in any field.
Even if the road is built, the rainwater will fall for a while.
He said that they have faced ethnic discrimination but fortunately this has not happened.
There are 79 villages affected by the forces of nature and about 2777 people affected by the forces of nature.
Nongpoh, Nailur 08 : The MLA of Jirang, has decided to bring about a clean environment in the villages of Killing area in Ri Bhoi district. Assam, besides discussing many issues affecting the society, the MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun today visited the distribution of dustbins to the villages of Jirang. don't be afraid of Killing.
D, a medical doctor and former Chairman of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Champion R Sangma, MPCC President and MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency Bah Vincent H Pala will contest from Sutnga-Saipung. There are about 10 former MLAs and 7 women candidates on this list.
According to the overall estimates, Meghalaya has the highest number of leaders with thousands of Presidents and Secretaries of various political parties especially political parties and others as well.
He said that the presence of a suitable candidate to replace Maheh HDR will help the party besides the strong vote of condolences and thanks from those supporters who love and respect the late leader. Now.
“Bah Metbah said that as of now, they have a strong hope that the people will turn to the UDP to lead the government in the coming term.
The Forum congratulates and is pleased to see the MDC of Mawhati who has come out and taken responsibility for this task. to crane.
“However, now that Assam vehicles have been flooded, we don't earn any more money.
To hold a meeting with the media is good.
According to police, Dhanti Gogoi was involved in the theft of up to T.30 lakh from the beneficiary fund.
Meghalaya beat Bihar by 186 65 runs in Tezpur with 212 runs to win.
The Harijan residents want nothing but peace to contribute to the income of the state as has been done from generation to generation.
“Therefore, if UCIL does not cancel the tender and if it does not suspend its proposal, we will stand strongly against the Nongstoin-Mawthabah road, because our position is to support the road. but to oppose the mining of uranium,” said the leaders of the two parties.
Man u, Nongthoh Sur, who doesn't know how to use the words of the sur, chats with distant thoughts.
“The remaining part is still pending and the department has not done anything because it does not have the funds but if it has the funds it will look into it,” said Bah Dhar.
But here Jesus asks, “When the Son of Man (Jesus) comes, will he find faith on the earth?” Luke 18:8.
The tree (Israel) has been growing since 1948, now we are waiting for the rain to come, the most difficult times in the world that have never happened before.
The plaintiff expressed his fear that as it has happened in other works, it will be the same now where the trees have been cut down but the work has not reached anywhere.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84773 out of which 83212 have recovered and 1481 have died.
At the meeting, the leaders praised the government for its efforts to resume and resume peace talks with the armed groups of the state.
In other cities, petrol costs T.84.40 in Bengaluru, T.85.53 in Kolkata, T.87.05 in Chennai and T.83.03 in Lucknow.
Doesn't it mean that you are trying to destroy the Christians who are in that place?
Shillong, July 4: The National People's Party (NPP) MLA SG Esmatur Mominin has resigned from Phulbari Constituency on Tuesday. The party will join the Trinamool Congress (TMC) in the coming days.
The lack of hume pipe was found in the road at Markasa village, as the collapse was caused by the water erosion of the soil and the road has become stagnant over time until it has collapsed completely. with a large hole.
Concerned about these issues, the group appealed to the Governor as a person who supports the necessary work – such as his support for the farmers in the country – to take action on these issues and to convey They are also appointed by the rulers and leaders of the various States in the country and by the Central Government.
If the four bulls were made, would it take a long time for the Israelites to build the Temple? This is the biggest and most difficult question.
He said that the government has not listened to the demands of the Asha workers.
He also alleged that these high levels have now struggled even in the mining of coal, kwai, tympew, supari as well as rnga and shyiap for the benefit of a few.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent said that these schemes are not donated by the MLA but are the rights of the people themselves which they should receive through the leaders.
Greatstar Pajuh scored the first goal for Sutnga Mission in the 56th minute.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSU) Eastern Region led by President Wellson Siangshai, Suni Bareh General Secretary and other members met with the District Agriculture Officer, Khliehriat, Kong W. Challam to express the concerns of the farmers.
It is estimated that about 2,000 trained personnel from India and abroad will participate.
Samla Ferdyland Kharkamni, President of KSU Ri Bhoi District was elected as the Chairman and Hero. Nongrum as General Secretary and the purpose of the Committee is to eradicate drugs in the Nongpoh area and other neighboring villages, which is also one of the areas where drug trafficking has started to spread. drinker and drug dealer.
It is learned that the truck drivers at the Tamabil market, are no longer willing to wait for their vehicles, because of the robbers.
Dr Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, in his speech today, said, “There is no God or no religion, which requires us to fight for religion with a lot of paid, to show you are a true religion.
Of the districts, West Jaintia Hills has the highest pass percentage with 78.34%, followed by East Khasi Hills with 77.09%.
It is to be recalled that in 2013, according to the decisions of the Executive Committee of the State Government, and the Project Approval Board (PAB), Literacy), has increased the salary of SSA teachers from T.6000 to T.9200 for Lower Primary and T.6000 to T.9900 for Upper Primary. 4th teachers) who teach in Upper Primary, the State Government has increased the same amount of T.6000 tyngka since 2013 until now even though they are doing the same job to provide education in the State.
Before the meeting, Bah Pangñiang launched a manifesto containing 28 election issues, so that the people can read and think before the polling day.
The recent incident, which has shocked the country, has demanded the immediate arrest of another suspect according to a video posted on social media. On the 19th of this month, it showed two women who were stripped naked and dragged in front of a crowd.
KHLIEHRIAT: The MPUF on Tuesday under the leadership of Kyrshan Blah President Khliehriat Circle together with other members donated dewbilat to a poor family.
The number of cases in the city alone has risen to 87,513, with 1,381 cases reported since Tuesday.
The wrath, Pihuin and hanga mei, destroys the nation.
There is very little true, pure, self-sacrificing, and sweet love.
The match became more intense after Qatar scored a goal and the fans of this country cheered and celebrated again to encourage their players.
Isn't this a plot of the Delhi leaders to exterminate the rich?
The ceremony was conducted by Phrangsngi Challam, welcome speeches by Barleemoore Shilla and Sawada Bamon Headmaster and other elders of the village.
Amar Nath Sharma won the title after defeating Jexial Nongkynrih in the final.
The money has reached 75,300 by these youths on the 12th and 1 lakh has reached the account of Bah Hubert.
However, today, HANM, WW led by Kong Bety Jyrwa as President and Rangbah Shnon, in a meeting with the EE, PWD, Nongpoh Division, Bah Y. Laloo, They said that the government through the PWD department has already allocated Rs 4.5 crore for the construction and cleaning of the road. to hand over the work to the Contractors to start the construction.
Media reports said that one of the biggest targets in the World Cup is at Mawjrong, on the road to Sohra, and several places in the Pynursla area.
Satan is Lucifer who became the devil and Satan.
In the second half which started at 2:30 pm, Jongksha SC beat Nongkrem SC 2-3 goals. for the score of the goal is come.
It is necessary for the various churches to strengthen the Word of God so that the believers will be strong and live in love as God intended.
“We see that many of the schemes of these people have to be linked to Aadhaar.
Nongpoh: Umtyrnga FC have won the title and a cash prize of T.1 lakh after beating Lamare SC 2-0 2-1 in the final match which was played at Byrnihat Stadium.
This service provides for a fee of 19,800 tyngka per pla if it arrives late or is lost and cannot be recovered more than 96 hours after the lost pla you have filed a complaint.
The meeting stressed that the State Government should not ignore the powers of District Councils and Village Councils to pass laws for them and the Courts have no right to interfere in this regard. The provisions of the Sixth Schedule stipulate that Hima and Village Councils are part of District Councils.
He also spoke about the best water policy introduced by Baba Saheb in Nehru's Cabinet.
He said that the time has come for the people of Langpih area to change their minds and turn to the national parties, because if they continue to allow the Sangmas to rule the state, the time will come. the nation will be completely wiped off the face of the earth.
Shillong, July 07: BSF troops of BOP Kakergora, 193 Bn BSF on the 6th of this month seized 300 kilograms of human blood worth T.30 lakh.
Our ancestors used to tell us about the 'Juk shong kulai miaw', the 'Juk shong kulai miaw', the 'Juk 'turn khongpong' and many others.
Those who rape a 12-year-old child will be sentenced to life imprisonment or death.
When Jesus sent them out, he also gave them power to perform miracles by laying hands on the sick.
That free will enables him to choose between good and evil.
Ukraine has sent its artillery and heavy artillery near the city of Mariupol, near a stronghold of rebels and supporters. Moscow has launched a withdrawal of Ukrainian troops today.
The Dorbar Shnong in order to raise funds for the running of the school and the development of the village has organized this festival every year and this year the village has prepared the famous DJ Berry Gangsta from Lithuania (Europe). ), DJ Ritika from Kolkata and other musicians in the State and others, but due to the disturbance of peace and order they canceled the festival.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: “With the support of the Deputy Commissioner and the KHADC, the refugees at RR Colony in the Rynjah area have been forced to destroy the village of Rynjah,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, Bah CK Pasi in an interview with Rupang.
“It is true that the people have suffered from the load shedding and even the students who are taking exams have suffered and we are concerned about this.
The funeral service for Kong Biolin will be held on 23-04-21 at 12:30 pm at the Catholic Cemetery, Mihmyntdu.
The Chairman of the Warehousing Development and Regulatory Authority (WDRA) briefed on the measures taken to promote the registration of warehouses and electronic negotiable warehouse receipts (eNWRs).
Gabriel K Iangrai, has been arrested by the CID on the 2nd of this month on a complaint lodged at the Sardar Police Station, for the misuse of money. The NERS PSAPS facility will be built at Sardar Police Complex.
When the temperature of emotions drops, we feel the demand for money.
Donroy Kshiar, Asst General Secretary of HNYF Ri Bhoi, Shiningstar Suting, President of 20mer Circle and others were present on the occasion. They demanded that the MeECL officials should immediately provide electricity in Ri Bhoi, as the people are angry with this electricity shortage.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: As part of the campaign to encourage the youth to avoid bad habits, the youth of New Nongstoiñ Village have organized a physical education program known as the Nongstoiñ Youth Calesthenic. .
The DC said that he has already spoken to the DC of West Karbi Anglong to take action to ensure that there will be no inconvenience to the farmers who go to harvest rice as many of the rice fields are also in the area. Assam has promised that all these will go smoothly.
Speaking on the occasion, Pynshailang Rani, Publicity Secretary, expressed his happiness to have been able to visit Raid Nongtung, which is the border area where the government now plans to clear the border for the second time. , in which he said that it is the KSU that guards the land and he said that as the youth we should not be like a siej when the height is over, but as the youth of the Jaidbynriew who stand firm to fight against those challenges that the Jaidbynriew faces so that they have the spirit of fighting until victory and not to give up for a while.
Because the only way to develop Sohiong constituency, the only way to bring development to the constituency is to be with the Government and to vote for the party that leads the Government and that is Therefore, to bring about change and development, I request you all not to listen to other parties who come and give speeches to ensure and make Sohiong constituency a model constituency,” he said. added.
Vehicles heading to Shillong have been stopped and crowded on the highway, which now continues up to Sanmer.
She also thanked the judges and schools for working with the organization.
They were born in 2010 in Kolkata and Suchana gave birth to the child in April 2019. Suchana filed a complaint against her husband Venkat Raman in April. 2022.
One is the richest child but the other is the poorest child.
Measures such as point-of-care testing, which is a rapid HIV test conducted in health facilities by trained health care providers, are necessary to ensure that quickly the disease.
Allan said that if the UDP comes to power, the UDP will hold a new review of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the issue. seven places in the middle of the border.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has urged the youths of the state who are stranded outside the North East (NE) to register with the Meghalaya government if they want to return to the state.
Even if they are sitting on the street and have not yet entered the Secretariat, it should not be so.
Shillong: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the statement of RSS leader Mohan Bhagwat that all Hindus are Hindus because they live in the country. Bharat, it is a statement with an inner conspiracy.
The Deputy Chief Minister's decision to issue a Yellow Card to the BJP from the MDA government has intensified the tension between the two parties.
The MPLU urges the Meghalaya government to have stronger laws to punish those who violate the government's orders regarding the Corona Virus.
On the ease of implementation of projects, Saito said there are many reasons such as permission from government authorities, land availability and often if it takes a long time to start work and sometimes when and many things began to happen.
Perhaps the accuser is not blind enough to accuse a person of stealing without the facts.
The semi final will be held at the PA Sangma Stadium in the presence of Tura MP Agatha K. Sangma as the chief guest.
The Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij, Jowai Constituency, has laid down the rules for the candidates to contest the MLA election 2023, which will be held on the 27th of June during the campaign period in Chilliangraij.
Two people were killed and 28 others injured in a shooting in Baltimore on Sunday, the Baltimore Police Department said.
On this issue, Shah said the Act does not violate the powers of the state police.
He said that the question of the boundary disputes in Block-1 and Block-2 does not exist but the demand is to return these land according to the Notification issued in issued by the Government of Assam.
According to the law, it is prohibited to raise pigs, slaughter and sell pig meat in these villages.
“The state government should get such assurances so that the contractors will have to repair them again if the road deteriorates within a short period of time after the completion of the work,” said the Division Bench. Hearing of PIL filed by AH Hazarika regarding the construction of AMPT Road.
Juan Pablo Cerrilos Hernandez, Deputy Head of Mission, who was a witness on the occasion, as well as all the Archbishops, Bishops, Auxiliary Bishops, Emeritus Bishops, Superior Generals, Provincials, Priests, Deacons, Women and Men, Catechist, Church worker and all the people of God of the Diocese of Jowai.
Nongpoh, Nailur, 10: The Seng Samla Umsning Patarim on Saturday held a ceremony to encourage the students who have passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC examinations. , Degree and others who have appeared in the results of the year 2022-2
Rophul resigned from the post of Parliamentary Secretary today and handed over his resignation letter to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
He also recalled how the former Prime Minister came to the North East twice just to cast his vote.
Fleming Suting scored the first goal in the 44th minute and Andy Suting scored the second goal in the 55th minute.
Police are continuing to conduct raids across the country to arrest all those who have committed loan fraud.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
All the previous Governments of Meghalaya, especially those from 1985 onwards, did not take much responsibility for the appointment of the Chandrachud Committee (1985-87) with the assistance of the Government of India. time, because when the Committee had completed the task entrusted to it, the Governments of those years did not follow up.
The incident happened between 10:30 and 11:20 pm while they were working at the site.
These leaders of the HNYF Nongpoh Circle who were confirmed by the Chief Leader, Bah Sadon Blah include the President-elect, Bah Robert Thabah, Vice President, Syrpailang Makdoh, General Secretary, Fullbok Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary; Virbor Khongbeh, Finance Secretary, Bah Kyrshian Uria and other leaders and members of the Executive Committee.
Jezebel was wicked and filled with an evil spirit and she sent to kill God's Prophet.
However, if they do not surrender, the party will investigate all those involved in this incident and if the party finds out, it will not forgive and will take the necessary action, so that these incidents will not be attacked on the leaders and equipment. individuals of the members of the organization will not happen again.
“If you look at the theft and robbery of the people and the robbery of the lives of the children of God and the souls of the innocent souls like this incident, we as the elders and as the leaders are very sorry, We have to take responsibility for this and we will not leave it and the law will do whatever is necessary to punish him (Jeofreson Jana).
Our rights should be respected,” he said.
“However, I feel that it is impossible to clean up the Um Khrah River without first cleaning up the streams that flow into it,” said the PHE Minister. be safe to drink only once, but the minister said officers had already been told the first goal was to keep the river clean to look at.
According to sources, the table tennis stars of the country including Sharath Kamal, G. Sathiyan and Manika Batra in their singles category, have now entered the round of the tournament. of the WTT World Table Tennis Championship which is currently being held in Durban.
Those coming from Sohra and Dawki on these days have to stop their vehicles from Upper Shillong for 7 meters to Rilbong Bridge.
On the other hand, the family members said that at this time when the world is in the midst of a situation where it is not possible to gather, to leave, to walk and stand, they make this small request to those who at home, friends, loved ones, those who work with their mother, that although we want you to participate and come to comfort us but they know and understand that it is very difficult to do so because there is a strict ban by the government and village authorities as well.
“These measures were taken after the explosions of bombs around parts of the Golden Temple,” said an SGPC official. the believers who entered the place where they had to follow the rules laid down or directed to them.
“The hearing is ongoing and we will take a decision after examining the documents of the company,” he said.
The agreement was signed between India and Bangladesh as a gift and acceptance for the demarcation of the border.
They are able to increase the number of syieng and reduce their number.
Seinraij SSA Lower Primary School, Mukhap, besides planting trees in the grounds of the school, has also distributed seed balls to the syllen areas inside the school. The boundary of the village has been determined by a seed ball in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Mukhap.
The people in power should be based on the majority of the population,” Ardent said.
After the harvest and from June-July onwards, we all remember how the road starting from the petrol pump above the Anjalee Cinema Hall and continuing to Mawlong Market, It is crowded with market buses and trucks carrying rice which line up along the road to unload rice at the Khar Marwaris.
Thanks be to the Lord who gives and fills all with wisdom because he is the source of it.
The ceremony was held on the evening of 13th June, at Paham Syiem village which is also the village which came first in the highest number of votes after Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the UDP candidate was elected. 644 votes.
He said he has been elected as an MDC three times and as an MLA twice from Laban.
Expressing his regret over the non-payment of salaries to the employees of MCCL for eight months, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne said that on his part as a leader he has not rested and He said that the MCCL, which is the source of income for the people of Sohra, will be running smoothly and safely.
Because you have a witness in the pages of History.
On this day, from the mothers who have left their children in their bodies, they flocked to the meeting and not only they went to listen to the explanation of Bah Pangñiang, but they went forward to register their names and to join as official subscribers.
“Within the Congress, we are clear on the principle, we have no problem working with any political party but the political differences. The BJP has prevented us from working with them.
After being arrested by the police, Ricky confessed to the police that he had raped and killed his brother and sister, and led the police to the place in Rynjah. an incident occurred.
Nongstoin, Nailur 27: The Congress party from Mawthadraishan Constituency has confirmed that Bah Pios Kurbah will be the party's candidate for the MLA election from Mawthadraishan Constituency. The MBCC held a meeting on the 25th of this month at Markasa West Khasi Hills District.
The Speaker of the House, John Bercow, addressed the members of the House, who spent the night watching, and ordered them not to lorni those who came halfway lymbuid, but to continue their work. of conversation.
They demanded money from Bah Krehbha Ryngkhlem, a resident of Wapung School, East Jaintia Hill, by sending a phone call to him on the 25th of last month. On the 5th of this month at 11 am, after receiving a phone call, he sent an SMS message to him threatening that if he does not pay the T.4 lakh, he will lose his children and property. I don't know why you didn't put a time bomb in my house.
Shillong: The Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association (JCMDA) on Tuesday held a meeting at the Community Hall of Khliehriat West. 1000 people.
He said that Bah Ardent is afraid, he came to the meeting in Lummawbah to discuss the issue of MUDA but on 17th November 2015 when Bah Paul Lyngdoh brought up the issue he left the House.
Speaking to Rupang, the residents of Mukroh said that they live peacefully inside the village, but there are times when the Karbi or Assamese come to this place to shondur.
The College Week of Ri-Bhoi College was also opened with a Miss and Mr. Ri-Bhoi College contest with the participation of the students of the College both men and women. Divya Tado was awarded as Miss Ri-Bhoi College and Pynsuklang Sohtun was awarded as Mr. Ri-Bhoi College.
They are made up of groups and organizations.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 119 people have been confirmed with the disease and there are 1876 active cases in the state.
Before the MDA government, all non-government teachers could freely participate in political activities as they wished in various parties.
And they all ate together.
Speaking to reporters, the students said that an order has been issued by the DHTE and they have been directed to submit the requirements before the 17th to take the necessary action.
In a statement, the Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the meeting with the Chief Minister was only to get a detailed clarification on the invitation. to the special assembly.
Farmers from across India will turn to Parliament on 29th November, the day of the session of Parliament, and their demand is to hold a special session for three months to discuss on the agricultural crisis in India.
When I told him the truth and said that those teachers in those jot were more numerous than those teachers in the school where he went, he was surprised and amazed. Hi ngain, to know that those teachers who teach in Govt Schools are paid higher than those teachers who teach in those schools which are good and have adequate education for the children.
Avoid power lines that are damaged and do not immediately notify the authorities.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Students who fled the Minerva Institute of Medical Technology (MIMT), Kolkata, have expressed their anger against the Director of Employment and Craftsmen Training, B Hajong, over the “The rules and regulations to ask for money from students who do not want to continue their training at this Vocational Training Provider is not true according to the guideline but it is true. “If a youth gets a job after completing the training but doesn't go back to work, there is a rule that he has to return the money,” said the youth (who did not want to be named). Speaking to Rupang reporter.
Twenty-five residents of Malchapara, a village which was transferred to Assam in the first phase of the border settlement and who were searched by the Assam police in recent days, are still in hiding. It is located in the headquarters of the Nonglang Sirdarship.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has lodged an FIR at Lumshnong Police Station against the pollution and discoloration of the Lukha River which has caused the death of fish along the river.
The meeting was conducted by D.Snaitang, Chairperson of the Temperance Committee of the Rangthong District Women's Church.
He said that even when he came to Shillong for a visit, he did not have time to meet or talk, do you think that in Delhi, he would have time to meet or talk.
Speaking on the MDA-II Government, the Minister outlined some visions for the next five years, namely, to double the GSDP to T.80,000 crore. 2027-2028 with further increase in private sector spending and investment through trade, tourism, and higher prices in agriculture.
This Act affects the community as it repeals Section 3 (1) of the Land Transfer Act, which prohibits non-citizens from purchasing land in Meghalaya, which means that the inheritor of the land. The land of a non-citizen is exempt from the prohibition of section 3 (1) of the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act,
By encouraging young ones to be courageous like Daniel.
Raising a supplementary question on the use of dark lights in vehicles used by the families of those involved in business, Bah Basaiawmoit said that many people especially their families “VIPs” who take advantage of this opportunity by traveling up and down in vehicles and using the siren for their personal journey.
The reason why it is said that the NPP can lead the government is because in every constituency except for two or three, the struggle is between the NPP and other parties. TMC, Congress, UDP, BJP, PDF, VPP, HSPDP and so on.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 10: A fire broke out at Dombah Market, Sakwang, South West on Tuesday night. Khasi Hills District.
James Kharngi scored the first goal for Umphrup in the 75th minute.
The bodies of the deceased were taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Arnold M Lanong, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Body Builders Association (MBBA), said that the trip to the tournament requires a lot of expenses. They needed the contribution of the people and especially the government, which has not provided any assistance in these years, although they have already written to the sports department of the state.
Therefore, he urged the people to be self-conscious by going for testing at these health centers because if they don't think, it could lead to the loss of their lives. face.
The dress code in these days has become something that the ancients didn't think would happen to this point when men and women are no longer recognized.
May this discussion between me and Bah Ardent, MLA be successful, that is, in opening the minds of the people to leave behind the things of darkness but to see a bright future through Shylla said that he will write to all the Sordar Shnongs of Nongkrem constituency to think about the needs of the people of Nongkrem constituency. it is related to this discussion.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The ICFAI University Meghalaya, Tura Campus, for the first time, has organized the Alumni Meet 2023 as part of its efforts to bring together alumni to bring about change in the society.
The voice of the elderly man and also from the people who went to help him to take the sick child to the hospital, is that he wants the road to be better and to make it easier for the people. The residents of the area have suffered terribly from the deterioration of the road in the area, which is also an area close to the border. Assam.
We will send a magisterial inquiry if the allegation is true,” said the DC. He said he would try to resolve the issue as soon as possible.
If the law does not work, it creates a chronic disease that affects the peace and order that causes fear, anxiety and this covers up the thoughts that distort the thinking of people who can be misled. There are no beneficiaries who take advantage of those who are criminals in the state or abroad.
However, what remains now is to announce publicly and this will be announced publicly in the next few months.
“Announcing that the leading leaders who have left the party include himself as President, Vice President and General Secretary of the Block Congress, Bah Phrang said that this shows that he has left the party. The MLA not only can work but can also involve those who oppose him in
Yakub said the Andhra Pradesh government has already appointed a task force committee and a multi-disciplinary team (MDDT) comprising officers from the Drugs, Food Safety, Fisheries and Revenue departments to conduct the inspection and They have also set up Quality Control Labs for testing formalin and antibiotics in each district.
But one battle after another, these nations were defeated by the children of Israel.
He said that Bah (L) EK Mawlong was a leader of the HSPDP and he reached the position of Chief Minister of the state. You are the Umroi Constituency.
The SSSM also prays for them to have healthy bodies and that God will be with them throughout the exams.
They also met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong in charge of District Council Affairs together with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to inform him about the suspension of the Clan Bill. to send to the Governor of the State for his approval.
“The BJP in the past opposed in Parliament the actions of the Congress-led government after the discovery of ministers and corruption by the departments appointed by the government but the Congress in this case does not know what is missing. “It's a good idea to have a parliament,” said Rijiju.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nebitson Kharlyngngai said that he has donated the office of the Rangbah Shnong because the village does not have a full office of the Rangbah Shnong.
“We will complete all the requirements before 17th June as the extension period of GHADC will end on this day,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
After the resignation of Maurya from the BJP as a government minister, three more BJP MLAs have joined hands and left the BJP. Shillong: "Now I feel that I am nearer to God than in the past.
Daniel Syiemiong, Inventory Manager Dakti Craft, said that the market is full of such items but there is still a shortage of producers. He said that the products made by women can be sold in Delhi at the Meghlayan Age the Store, online markets as well as abroad.
Of these 50 cases, 8 soldiers, 3 foreigners, 1 policeman, 6 health workers, 1 from Jhalupara, 1 from Keating Road, 2 from Laban, 2 from Madanrting, 2 cases from Malki, 1 from Nongmensong, 1 from Nongrim Hills, 2 from Nongthymmai Cluster and 1 from Polo.
Therefore, regarding the lack of checkpoints for foreigners entering the area, the FKJGP and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Byrnihat Area, have requested the DC in charge. The district should relocate the screening center to the lower parts of the country and if possible to the Jerobad area, so that the screening will be smooth and safe for the people. the people of the state as a whole.
An environment of consensus has been created for the implementation of the new education policy, while on the other hand, the work is ongoing to implement the new health policy.
The opening day of the festival, known as the Nohkjat Shad, was held at Lympung Weiking and before going to Lympung Weiking, there was a gathering of the dancers, the parakur parakha and all the office bearers of the Jylli Pyrkhat Kam. (JPK) at the hall of the Seng Khasi Kmie in Mawkhar.
Jowai, July 23: The 9th Secondary School Football Knock-Out Tournament 2022-23 has started on Saturday. Thangbuli SC beat Nongmadan SC by a tie-breaker in the first leg of the tournament.
Earlier, Synroplang Secretary Juda Wahlang said that the government has awarded Synroplang through a Public Private Partnership (PPP) to operate four and maxi buses. the government mar shiteng.
A poet who sings and writes in the world and in the world, both in the Khasi and English languages; Bah Daminot is a great man and a strong man.
Those who have won are the ones who have the responsibility to fulfill their election promises because the people support them when they hear these promises.
Nongstoin, Nailur 26: The Nongstoin Kur Lyngdoh today celebrated the death anniversary of Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh at a meeting held at the Nonglait Kur Lyngdoh Hall. in the village of Mawkyllei.
As soon as the session started at 3 pm, Meenakshi Lekhi, who was speaking of the session, announced the names and said that these members, had acted rudely, during the meeting. The Mineral Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2020 is being discussed.
In the Under-17 Girls category, Amwi HS School, Jowai Govt.
The meeting was attended by Dr. Wilbur Manners, MCA President, MCA Member Zorba Laloo and Coach Ian Vincent.
According to the Minister, the scheme will be implemented from November this year and so far the government has raised up to T.2 crore and a public awareness campaign will be conducted in all parts of Shillong. to this scheme.
U Bah G.Parïong, former Sordar of Mawkamoit, said that the heavy rainfall this year has affected the sohsaw farmers, as these days it is still the season to start blooming. rain, the flowers fall before the time because they rot.
After completing the match by crossing the line, the player fell to the ground.
After the meeting, the members of the Sengbhalang walked from the IGP to Motphran, but before they passed through the road, there was a temporary clash with the police as they were prevented from passing through. This road has been sent to AG Markhap and Polok.
Daniel 9:27 / Revelation 6:1-6
At the Vatican, Pope Francis will stop holding masses with various believers, but will broadcast them through the media in order to share with the 1.3 billion Christians in the world. world.
Umesh Pal, who was the chief witness in the 2005 murder of BSP MLA Raju Pal, who was shot dead by unidentified persons at his residence, said: you are in Prayagraj.
The Asst Secretary of Lenpdengshnong Village, Bah B Thabah, said that the DC has approved to hold the fair at the venue in Sohiong which falls under the jurisdiction of three villages including Lenmawtap, Lenmawtap A and in the middle of the city.
Later, a special class for Young Adults was also introduced.
On the 15th of July, 2021, Shillong witnessed a strong protest by the people who were angry over the shooting death of the former HNLC Leader at his residence.
However, no one was arrested during the inspection as the shops claimed to sell at the market price and did not increase the price.
The November wind was blowing strongly and it was seen that the people were beginning to clean themselves.
Jowai: The Officer In Charge of Jowai Traffic Police, DH Pde, on Tuesday said that in the last four years, there have been 353 cases of road accidents and 20 people have lost their lives.
Body lying on the side of the road in Laimer Shiteng, Upper Shillong From the signs, it was identified that the man died of injuries or maybe he was killed in the evening.
It is clear that all those who used to fight for Block-II to be returned to Meghalaya, have no intention of fighting but what remains now is to go and fall in front of Assam. Unfortunately, it can grant Meghalaya's demand but if it doesn't, it can leave without calling even in the field to talk.
AMEN.Thank you Pastor for your writings on 'the rib of Adam' where you write that God created man and woman twice, first according to Gen. 1:27 and second according to Gen. :2:7.
“Every day is necessary,” he said and strongly opposed the call for curfew, road blockade and office blockade.
“But what happened? T.172 crore has already been released but it has not been implemented.
He said the time for change has come and the time will be for the BJP this time and the lotus flower will bloom amidst the various challenges of nature this time.
They said that at the meeting, although there was a call to resolve the anger of the residents over the incident, but on the part of the villagers, The Erpakon Village Leader has strongly criticized the decision to remove the issuance of NOC to foreigners to set up businesses in the village and not to allow foreigners to come and work in any jobs in the village. This decision was taken at the Dorbar Pyllun held in Erpakon in the past few days.
He urged the people of the state especially the people of Mylliem Constituency not to be misled by the MLA who is trying to cover up the truth.
