These large lakes are surrounded by beautiful mountains.
The second leg of the semi final between Laban SC and Assam Regiment will be played on the 13th of this month. Umiam United will face Umiam United for the title.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, the Chief Minister said that the Tourism Department of the State is currently providing training to the youth of the State for the purpose of employment in the fields of tourism. Many of these places will start operating after the end of the fight against COVID-1
St. Theresa Cathedral Church, Jowai Parish celebrated All Souls Day at the Catholic Cemetery on Tuesday.
The United States on Tuesday announced another $1.3 billion in aid to Ukraine's military.
According to police, the HANM leader in the village, had arrested the Dkhars in the area on 30th July last year, and after receiving a complaint, the police arrested him.
And so she said; “How can the appointment of former member Matilda Kharbuki be the same bias as alleged by Bah Shangpliang?” she said. Ernest Mawrie President, as alleged by Bah Shangpliang, who has his own ulterior motives.
“Moushmi Dey, who is in charge of the Women's College, said that this program is a way to promote the unity of the country.
“Understanding the mental state of children is essential if you want to provide them with holistic education.
On the other hand, Bah Aibok Kharsanoh from Thangsning village, a farmer, expressed his concern that the kilo cut is still going on inside the market.
The farmers expressed their benefits from this competition. There were also prizes for the winners.
The Executive Magistrate, Pynursla Civil Sub Division has suspended the dorbar.
Meanwhile, Riangdo scored the first goal of the tournament through Phinilboy Rashik in the 70th minute.
He said that there will be a Tribunal Committee if anyone is violently attacked, deprived of their rights, when those refugees can appeal.
According to the mother, from the time of birth, the child was the same as other healthy children, but as he grew up, a different disease began to appear. especially since the baby starts parting.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday closed down the office of the Ferro Alloy Factory in Riwiang on suspicion of kidnapping. The longkmie is an employee of this factory who is a foreigner.
Because since the first discovery of the book, man began to write thoughts, stories, and many moments in them.
As witnessed again today, the Joarabat area has been hit by another flood and many people have suffered especially those who travel on the road where the water has risen to about 3 or 4 feet high and Many shops have been affected by the floods and only heavy vehicles can pass which has also caused temporary traffic jam.
Regarding the finding that the contract is operating with an expired license, the HYC has expressed its surprise and asked why this incident happened. Do you have anything to eat? HYC Ri-War Shella Circle President Roy Kupar Synrem said in a statement.
Nongpoh, March 11: Harlibagan FC has become the winner of the Independence Cup Football Tournament organized by the All India Trinamool Congress Jirang Block after beating MMYC in the final match held today at the Village Stadium. Harlibagan.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) on Tuesday said that the Ministry of Law and Enforcement (MTC) is examining the possibility of setting up a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) proposed by the owner of the MTDC. Crow Borough Hotel is located in Khyndai Lad.
A total of 19 mynder ri have been arrested in the past 10 months.
They had entered India from Bangladesh and when police questioned them, they did not have proper documents to enter India and were arrested according to the rules of law.
I don't see that this decision of the government will destroy the Khasi language,” said Dr Laloo.
Bengaluru: Congress chief in Karnataka, Siddaramaiah, has been accused of inciting Hindu devotees by entering a temple after eating cow meat.
He said that the Government has now talked to the Government of India to return the land owned by the Contonment Board to the Government and these land will be converted into parking zones and waiting zones for buses and taxis.
Today, the ceremony was held in the presence of the family members of both sides and it was prohibited to take pictures or ring video of those who attended the ceremony. on.
Officials from PWD Mawhati Division, including Bah H. Nengnong, Assistant Executive Engineer, Bah Armstrong Lyngdoh, JE, came to inspect the collapse of the road. When the journalists tried to ask the reason for the collapse of the bridge, the officers did not respond, but said that the cost of The cost of this project is T.25 lakh.
According to police, the man was taken from Nongstoin parking lot to Khlieh Iewduh after he fell on the 1st of July.
“I have not done anything wrong in appointing Ricky Chyne and even the post, because it is according to the rules of all government departments to appoint any member of the family who donated land to the “The government,” said Ambrose while talking to Rupang at his office.
“What do you do...?" He asked. "Don't open it, Father," replied Men Kmie.
In the end, the market at Mawlai-Mawiong or Garobadha will not operate as intended, unless new techniques and methods are implemented by using these markets in other ways. to earn for the government.
From these verses we read, the message we will learn:-We live on this earth, indeed we are strangers, sojourners, temporary residents, “Because of the nature of we are in heaven", as the Apostle Paul said in Philippians 3:2
On arrival at Mukhaialong, a short meeting was held led by the President of Ki Dkhar and a speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong Mutong Helping Phawa who spoke on the issue of cleanliness.
In boxing, Baronkupar Synnah won the gold medal in the 60 kg category, Baiamutlang Sungoh won the bronze medal in the 63.5 kg category.
Jowai, July 29: Three youths have lost their lives, while another has been seriously injured after their vehicle collided with a well on Sunday evening at about 4:30pm at Jowai Byepass (near Orchid Inn) Thadlaskein, West Jaintia Hills.
Daniel Syiemlieh won the Most Promising Senior Boys title and Deigracia Syiemlieh won the Most Promising Senior Girls title.
Shillong: Due to the continuous rainfall in the past few days, the power plant in Umiam has increased day by day.
I would like to remind that I have been informing Him to talk peace since before the MP Election 2019 and until today, but I never thought that he would call me back to peace through the media.
Kg), High Jump, Javelin Throw (600 gms) & 1000 M) while in the same category for Under – 16years Girls (11 Events) they were 100M, 300M,800M, 2000M, Long Jump, High Jump. , Shot Put (3.00Kg), Discus Throw (1.
The religious man owns an ashram near the city in Jaipur and it was there that he raped the four women and the women lodged a complaint with the police at Bhankarota police station. .
This is done by following the tradition of finding a mother Ngap or Kiaw Ngap from the forest to bring her home or farm to raise her and her children in order to get Um Ngap. .
Today we visited Tyrchi Falls before reaching Jowai.
The BJP has won more than 112 MLAs in Karnataka, which is what the party needs to win the elections. in the 222-member House of Representatives.
The third problem, according to him, is that these buses cannot enter the village roads, so parents have to put their children in the designated places. come buh.
In this incident, police said that a man named Gileng B Marak has been missing since 29th November, 2018 but no one has informed the police. Finally, his brother, after receiving information from the villagers that they had not seen him, lodged a complaint with the police and the police started searching for him.
The polling in Mizoram will be held on Monday, November 4 after many groups have expressed their strong opposition to the polling on Sunday.
For it is no longer possible for the blood of bulls and goats to take away sins.
The union has demanded a full time Vice Chancellor, who is qualified, for the smooth running of the university. The Vice Chancellors who have been appointed are not willing to take the right decisions and this has affected the education at the University and the union. Therefore, the Vice Chancellor, who is full-time at the University, should be appointed immediately.
“Wildlife and birds of all kinds have started to invade the village within the boundary of the Village Forests of Wapungskur Village in the past few years.
The election scheduled for Saturday is for the post of President and General Secretary.
On the other hand, the Village Leaders and Sengbhalang have accepted the promise of the DC and said that they will wait for a few days whether this promise will come true or not.
By Collin WanñiangHaw, the Khasi people from all over the world have seen how the Padot Meidot, the Pabah Meibah, the Pakoh and the Chjaw have taught and commanded when there is a darkness of surprise in the society. in the house of the household.
Israel will be happy only if it can build the Temple in Jerusalem on the Temple Mount.
During the meeting, they also discussed the ILP which is the cause of the protests in these days. During the meeting, Dr. Mukul said that the government has He directed them to urge the political parties to stop the protests and cooperate with the government.
He also urged the residents to learn from the life of the fish so that they can become successful people in all aspects by being smart and stingy and working hard like the fish. and also those who are generous for the good of others.
Therefore, the public can comment and participate in the implementation of the project by sending their suggestions to the ritiacademy.
About 60 per cent of the households are in poverty.
He said that the government will announce a number of development projects for Jengjal in the next few days.
He said that there are two such centers in West Garo Hills and one of them has been allocated to the school.
The Dolloi has approved and sent the name of the new Waheh Shnong to the District Council for recognition and issuance of Sanad. and they are also members of the committee of the Shnong.
However, the UDP has many qualified people to take over this position.
Ma Rymbui, who is also the President of the West Jaintia District Congress Committee, has been asking for time from the UDP leaders to resign from the Congress party. before joining the UDP and taking its ticket for the 2018 elections.
Petro said all the children were recovered after hard work and struggle by the security forces and soldiers of the area after receiving information about the crash.
100 farmers came to the office today and had to stand in line to get slips.
The buses will leave these places from 6:30 pm.
When told by the husbands of the two that AKKA urgently needs money, the members of the group said that in their list they are ready to kidnap and demand money from 10 coal owners. Khasi and 10 Garo, which means that there are still 8 Khasi coal owners. Upon receiving the news, many of the coal owners in Shahlang have fled to other places.
The BJP, on the other hand, is a true party and seeks the truth to preserve, preserve and promote the traditional values ​​and cultures of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. L Kynjing congratulated the Rotary Club for taking the initiative to assist the truck drivers who are the people who are at the forefront of delivering food items in this time of crisis to fight against COVID-1
When he had stolen, he fled and did not return.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the MPUF, Bah Aimon Syad, said that after the complaint of the people of the district regarding the absence of the MVI, the MPUF has already sent a letter. The Commissioner of Transports Department, Shillong has been demanding from the office of the Commissioner of Transports Department, Shillong since 12.04.2022, but until now it has not been successful. On the other hand, the Minister, Bah Dasakhiat, promised to take action on this issue as it is not the right to have an MVI in the district.
The tournament, which will end this month, will also include women's football tournaments.
Pankaj asked the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to pay more to NEEPCO so that the electricity can be restored.
The Chief of Army Staff said that these soldiers, who came from all over the country, have been tested before joining the team that prepared for the tournament. get positive.
“When I pass, my friends, people and community are happier than I am.
Shillong, March 25: The Forest Department of the State Government has collected T.1.5 crore from the felling of trees in connection with the construction of the Four Lane Road from Umshyrpi to 7mer, Upper Shillong.
This will allow foreigners to mine coal only through an agreement with the land owners.
She said that this has also put at risk the people who walk and stand on these by pass roads.
In addition, plastics that are not suitable for marketing are known as Non-Woven plastics and weigh less than 50 Grams per Square Meter (GSM) from 30th November,
At present, the residents of Pynursla Village have re-elected Bah Mudonsing Khongthaw, former Rangbah Shnong, as the new Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla Village. The post of Rangbah Shnong is held only by the Khongmawloh, Sohkhlet and Khongthaw Kurs.
We must not be stingy.
This is something that is shocking to see and terrible to think about when it will destroy not only one but the bottom.
WEESFEPA has also warned and prohibited those people who submit tenders for the purchase of the river.
“Rida don't worry I'll tell you...” He said “Hu, tip tip...” Rida said.
“Let us take responsibility for the future of children.” The following are the phone numbers of the Child Welfare Committees (CWCs).
This was stated in a petition submitted to the DC of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo.
“If as a village leader he violates, attacks and violates the rights of the poor without respecting even the court, how can the poor get their rights in society?” , said the Education Secretary of JYF, Samla Brightstar Chyrmang.
The HNLC has demanded that the police should make public the demand letter of the party and said that the party does not demand money without a proper letter head signed by the Finance Secretary of the HNLC. this organization.
Shillong: "The Bible says that you should not turn away from a person who does good deeds but you should respect him," said Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of 19 South Shillong Constituency. He was speaking after the opening of the road from Mynsain to Upper Lumparing Buddhist Temple.
The source said that the situation will be monitored in these days, and once the measures have been taken to purchase electricity at a lower price, the outage time will be reduced. electrical boarding.
India continues to be an inspirational place in this sway across the globe.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday inaugurated the 2nd Living Root Bridge Festival 2022 at Tyrna.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the National Highway Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL) has looked into the matter of identifying the site for the construction of a new road or another road to avoid the use of the bridge.
In Meghalaya, this vehicle will reach villages across the state.
The teaching of Rgh Radhon Singh Berry says that in whatever we do, there is always a reward for good or evil.
On the occasion, Bah Wellberth Rani, President FKJGP Central Body, welcomed and confirmed the new members and office bearers of FKJGP WKHD and released the sticker of the FKJGP WKHD. The souvenir was released to the public.
I believe that through this news, from now on they will take action to provide essential commodities for themselves.
“We are now preparing to take it to the Cabinet meeting to find the best ways to implement this college,” she said.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The State Government on Tuesday wrote an Affidavit in support of the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed against the Government on the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries in the State.
It was through the confession of these two that led to the arrest of these others, including Ngai Rami alias Nano from Nongmensong, Shillong.
Therefore, there is a law that says that all Jaintia people shall not have a wait, a stieh, a khnam, a ryntieh, a soom or a suloi.
Lalduhoma who has already been sworn in as the Chief Minister of Mizoram.
Dr.P Syngkon is one of the residents of Jowai who has contributed in many areas in the society.
He said that the party will invite the residents, Rangbah Shnongs and VECs of the village to attend a public meeting on the 19th of this month to explain the matter. and this road construction scheme.
He announced that he will join the party on the 20th of this month.
The Khasi, when they saw those ships of the Garo, were amazed.
Hek said that his mother has been ill for seven years and all these years she has been taking medicines and treatment from government doctors, but without get faithful to your healing.
HANM Jaintia Zone expects the government to take action on these demands and on this issue HANM Jaintia Zone will submit a letter to the Chief Minister, said the statement. Zone, Mr. Shaniahlang Suchen.
The ninth verse of John 2:7 says, "Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim.
Thank you miss...it helps me as a person who is practicing teaching to get ideas on how to teach or explain to the studentsThank you very much for your suggestions.
Bah Passah said that a complete roster of registers and roster accounts should be prepared so that the number of vacancies can be clearly shown and distributed to all the applicants. used by government departments, perhaps due to lack of accurate information or figures in the release of results by the MPSC and others from 1972 to
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nongpluh said that the Accident Prevention Month is held every year.
The reason for not wearing a life jacket is probably because the place is beautiful and they want to shoot and if you wear a life jacket the pictures are not beautiful.
“It’s important to understand the industrial landscape.
The MLA also sent a letter to the SDO (Civil) Pynursla for T.2.50 (Two lakh fifty thousand tyngka).
Twenty-two houses have been affected by the floods in Ranikor.
When asked about the reason why the party has not won many seats, Bah Vincent said that the transfer of leaders from one party to another is the reason for the party's failure to win many seats.
After completing all the provisions of the law, the police have arrested the two men and charged them under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
If there is no negotiation, the amount will continue to increase and will lead us to financial crisis and avoid this incident, so the government is ready to accept the proposal of the Electricity Department. don't say.
Therefore, we should not forget the teachers who have given themselves, especially those who have served in the past centuries and have truly been a source of light.
At the meeting held at Bir village, they also decided to set up a gate at the place, where they will send people to guard, to prevent the movement of the people. residents of these villages in the area.
Shaining Khardewsaw, OC Riangdo Out Post and Donwell Rongrin have lodged a complaint against each other. The Circle Inspector of Nongstoin Police Station, Bah D. Mawlein, has also been arrested.
Lion Sports Youth Affairs (LSYA) continued to win the District Cricket League 2024 by beating CYC Mowkaiaw by 135 runs.
Because all the necessary information about the village is on the sign board placed before entering the village from the number of households to the number of residents.
This decision was taken after a meeting and the award was distributed to the students who have achieved 80% and above in matriculation, Class Twelve (any streams) and also in with Graduate.
To achieve these goals, which have been transformed by the government that came to power in October, Conrad said the government intends to implement many projects with the participation of many. Forest Department, PWD, MeECL, and other departments for the joint use of their land.
He said that as the village leaders, they have met with the officers of the government department to discuss the suspension, but the department has not taken action and has not listened to the request of the leaders. village.
The cleanliness drive was attended by women and children, youth, women's organizations and all the residents of the village. The villagers have decided to clean up the river with the understanding of those who pollute it.
Dr. Murugan also visited All India Radio, Cherrapunjee.
Pynkmen said that the lack of hostel accommodation has caused problems to many youths especially from the rural areas as well as those from other states in the North East.
The BJP has demanded an inquiry into the incident and compensation of T.10 lakh to the victims.
He also paid tribute to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the Minister in charge of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong and all the teams of the Electricity Department of the State Government, who have worked hard. work hard to ensure that this project is completed on time.
He recalled his visit six years ago to Maweit for an ICYM meeting where he experienced the deterioration of the road.
Shillong, March 24: A woman from Mawroh village in Markasa area has been expelled from the Presbyterian Church for failing to register for Aadhaar.
The case between the state government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) is still pending in the High Court. He said that the government is fighting to evict the Harijans who live in this area while the HPC is fighting to permanently settle them in this area.
A 17-year-old girl has lost her life just because of jeans.
This Good Friday is part of “Our Glory”, sinners redeemed by the grace of God Through the blood shed on the cross, and by His death, we see but your glory is not your glory.
This month was celebrated for 10 months across the KJP Assembly from 1st 29th July to Sunday 4th July, 2022 under the theme “Brave Christian Youth " (Joshua: 1:9).
Shillong, March 12 : The Minister of Forest and Environment, James K Sangma on Tuesday said that they have set a target to open the State Zoo at Umtrew, Ri Bhoi. in November this year.
The 17 districts of Assam affected include Sonitpur, Biswanath, Lakhimpur, Dhemaji, Tinsukia, Dibrugarh, Charaideo, Jorhat, Sivasagar, Golaghat, Goalpara, Cachar, Kamrup, South Salmara-Mankachar, West. Karbi Anglong, Highlands and Karimganj.
Teli informed the meeting that gas pipelines will be laid in all the states of the North East.
Four candidates for the KHADC constituency have been announced today including Olet Kharsahnoh from Mawkynrew, Lamborsing Nongrum from Nongkrem, Ostiwel Lyngdoh Nonglait from Laban-Mawprem and Bajop Pyngrope from Rambrai Jyrngam.
After receiving a complaint from Trilian about the ownership of Kong Shim, the Dorbar was called to resolve the issue and find out the facts. the rights of Kong Trilian, which she has accepted.
Our Government is prioritizing the fight against drug trafficking," he added.
“I have seen from the newspapers that they have decided to meet us, it may be this month or we can invite them to meet and discuss this issue because we have already given the “It is up to them to decide because the government has already shown them the plans to relocate them,” said Prestone.
When we can elect such leaders, how much it brings glory and blessings to the State as a whole.
One day he will catch like a cow to eat meat.
“Since 2018, we have been trying together with Bah LT Tariang, BDO Mawkynrew to promote tourism in this village and gradually now from a small beginning it has enabled the residents to There are now 7 guest houses for tourists,” said Bah Banteidor.
Nongpoh: A dewbilat truck (No. 01-01-7841) from Nongpoh, has collided with another truck when it reached the area. truck, temporarily confusing the crowd of pedestrians on the road.
The tournament will start at 5:30 pm.
Replying to a question by Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh, HDR Lyngdoh said that according to the government's records, only 18 women have been abducted in the last three years. and exported but the police managed to rescue them.
The arrest of the four robbers came within hours after the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) gave 24 hours to the police department to arrest the robbers.
On the appointment of Bah VH Pala as the party leader, he said that there have been attempts by many Congress MLAs to leave the party but after the appointment of Bah Pala as the president of the party. it became stronger and stronger.
Nongpoh: In order to encourage the sportsmen and women from Ri Bhoi District, who won medals in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 held recently in Shillong, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District ( SRSRBD), on Saturday, honored 11 athletes who won medals in various sports.
Ma Sing Mulieh has been an MDC for four terms from 1983 to 1994. Thombor Shiwat CEM JHADC presented the official report on the promotion of four employees of JHADC since 30/06/2
“We have explained to them our procedures to come to an agreement to resolve this issue and there is a concern and we will see what we can do later,” he said.
Shillong, July 9: The Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said that the high infant mortality rate in the state shows that the health situation in the state is still in poor condition.
Shillong: A fire broke out at the Shree Mahabir Flour Mills at Luckier Road Shillong on Saturday morning, causing a loss of more than Rs 1 crore.
There are also those who teach in higher secondary schools and colleges.
Just 21 minutes after Cannyson scored the first goal, Meghalaya's Fashioning Syngkli scored another goal for his team in the 37th minute. Meghalaya beat Odisha by two goals at the end of the first half.
Rowel urged the students to follow in the footsteps of S.Mylliem and come forward to rescue those in need.
However, the worst bondage today is the poverty of the people across India.
The woman expressed her deep sorrow over the death of these pigs, which she had raised hard and expected to earn money, when they sold these pigs, but the death of these pigs was not enough. The pigs were raised by the group, which caused a great loss to the group and to the woman as well, because she lived in the country for these pigs.
Although Meghalaya came fourth, in Athletics it won the title.
Speaking on the state government's efforts to bring back the residents who are still stranded in Manipur, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma said, “We are trying our best to bring back the residents who are still stranded in the north. , by air and also by permit, for those who do not wish to return to Meghalaya.
Anu Malik, one of the composers who has been accused of sexually assaulting many women, has resigned as a judge on Indian Idol
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The demarcation of the border between India and Bangladesh has benefited Meghalaya as most of the villages will be in India and only a few will go to Bangladesh.
The village administration of Lawse was run by the village of Nongstoiñ from its inception (1933) to 1950 and since 1951 the village has been self-governing under the leadership of the Sordar and the Executive Committee.
“Today's flag raising ceremony is not because there has been a death but because the government's knowledge has died,” said Rhembor. at the Parking Lot of the Addl.Secretariat and on the 29th they invited the ruling MLAs to discuss these 14 issues.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, it was the turn of the flag raising ceremony by the Treasurer of the party Dr M.Blah.
We also have the right to access to safe drinking water (not polluted and infected with diseases) and other development services.
There has been a bad speculation within the party that perhaps this invitation by Bah Paul has turned out to be a strong conspiracy to remove Dr. Don from the post of President and to bring in strong support. The General Council of the party will appoint Bah Paul as the President of the party on the 27th.
The girl was raped while returning with her friends from the Simsang Festival.
He said that if we look at the border areas, Assam has done a lot to bring about development in these areas while our state is very poor compared to Assam. of Assam.
The meeting was held to elect the President and General Secretary of the SSA teachers of East Khasi Hills District. The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall, Shillong on the 10th of this month.
Therefore, we often find that there are students who steal books, who ask for help from their friends and who use mobile phones during exams.
Shillong, November 10: The Shillong College Central Library in collaboration with the Internal Quality Assurance Cell (IQAC) has concluded a five-day Library Orientation Program on the theme, “Beyond Books: Unveiling the Digital Realm" which started on the 4th and ends on the 8th of this month.
“Whether it works or not, it is our responsibility to convey to them," he said.
We should call them (Hurry-Jngai) to run far away as the people want these days.
They also discussed the government's preparation for the construction of stadiums for the National Games 2022 and he informed that along with the state ministers, meetings will continue in Delhi with Indian government officials on this issue.
It is worth mentioning that the Vice Chancellor has been appointed by the Central Government without taking into account the feelings and aspirations of the people”.
Vehicles coming from Guwahati to Dawki and Sohra no longer need to pass through Shillong.
In this incident, there was a fear among the residents that the fire might spread to their homes.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Minister of State for Minority Affairs, John Barla on Saturday visited the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) factory in the area. Sohra.
Rangbah Romeo urged the youth not only to look after government jobs but also to work hard and diligently.
Vehicles, which will operate on Monday, Tuesday, Tuesday, shall end in numbers 0, 2, 4, 6 & 8 while on Tuesday, Friday, Saturday, shall end in numbers ha the numbers 1, 3, 5, 7 &
He expressed his concern over the issue raised by many churches, namely to amend the Reservation Policy and also on the Roster System.
On the other hand, Kong Thabah said that she is trying to meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan to explain their grievances.
“If there is a BJP in Delhi and here in Meghalaya, it will bring many changes like it did in Assam.
At the function held at the Riti Academy, one of the Chief Ministers, UKN Kumar, Additional Chief Secretary, who was the chief guest, recalled the incident. by himself to make a way to rescue those who fell into that disaster, until nothing could be done because the weight of the tree was too heavy.
They conducted a thorough inspection in the market areas of Tugalpur village and found that there has been no implementation to clean up the garbage and rubbish which has been scattered around the places where the it was very sweet.
In the absence of any rules and regulations to curb the entry of foreigners, we fear that this exemption from this rule will be incomplete and we may face problems from the influx of foreigners. bar sha can your State.
The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit today handed over the construction of the house to Kong Silima Lymphuid. KSU President Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar was the chief guest and was also present in the presence of Biangbor L.Palïar, Vice President of KSU, U.S. President Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar. Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni, Vice President, Lambok Rymbai and also the leaders of Nongpoh Circle and Units who were present on this occasion.
If you drink in Motphran or Khyndailad, you have to pay tax.
In this regard, Samla Jayson Lennox Nongrum, Vice-President of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, said that the reason why the HYC has given its full support to the HNYF, is after the They saw that the HNYF has stood up to fight against the dismissal of these Khasi youths and demanded their re-employment.
At a public hearing held at Byrnihat PHC, the District TB Officer, Dr E.Kalwing, explained the need for support for TB patients as the Government of India has recognized that the community has plays a major role in reducing the number of TB cases by
Thomas said he would also have to gather information from the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha on the recognition of the Leader of the Opposition.
Shillong, Nailar 25 (PIB): The Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Bharati Pravin Pawar today arrived in Shillong to inspect the working methods of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. also the health related schemes funded by the Central Government in Meghalaya.
He also rejected the BJP's allegation that the Congress relies only on the Gandhi family.
Earlier, the UDP had criticized the Prime Minister for not listening and implementing the issues that the people and the state need including the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the deterioration of law and order in the country. Garo Hills and the problems of teachers in the state.
He said that although the company has stopped doing income generating activities, it continues to fail in paying salaries to its employees.
The election of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate, is because many people like Bah HDR Lyngdoh who has been the leader of Sohiong for many years.
The teachers who are skilled and who deserve to be promoted have been forgotten and their rights have been violated.
The head of the truck went up to heaven.
J.U Kharpuri, President KSU War Jaintia Circle, President HNYF Southern Riwar Circle, said that the security measures are not sufficient to provide security measures in all aspects. The village of Sohkha said that until now they have not been invited to discuss this issue with the Deputy Commissioner to discuss or consider for the benefit of all.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong football coach Alison Kharsyntiew and team manager Birendra Thapa have completed the AFC A License Course announced by the All India Football Federation (AIFF) today.
In the past three years, according to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), about 1,39,123 farmers have committed suicide.
So far, the BSF has arrested 26 Bangladeshi nationals since July, 2023 who have entered India illegally with the intention of staying permanently in India.
In his advice to the Christians, Bishop Victor said that according to the history of the Pohrtiang Church, the faithful, in the past years, have received the church with a Phlang house built by The Siej, Skhem and now they have received this large and beautiful church and urged the Christians of Pohrtiang, when they received this church. new church, to take the time to come to church to thank God, to ask for the necessities of the day and to ask for a spirit of love, unity, a spirit of understanding in the Church, in the community in the community, among the different churches, in the society and the understanding builds the good in all aspects of humanity and brings the glory of the nation before the world.
“The report received from the party leaders from different districts will be sent to the state election committee.
Although H.Elias scored the first goal of the match through Hamarbiang Jyrwa who shot a free-kick in the 3rd minute, Assam Rifles managed to turn the score around three goals through Hamarbiang Jyrwa. Robindor Kyrsain (21), Thanggoulun Vaiphei (29) and V. Malsawmkima (30+4).
The Advicer of the Kur, Hilarius Siangshai, praised the hard work of Shanborlang Siangshai despite his physical disabilities. Hilar also congratulated Hilar on his participation in the World Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 to be held in Almaty, Kazakhstan from 24th to 3rd November. .
The Chief Minister said that the Deputy Commissioner will monitor the matter every month and the monitoring at the level of the Prime Minister will be once a month.
Comparing the current census with last year, Jubanlak said there is no difference and the method of counting is the same.
However, speaking to one of the media, Dr. Gupta said that he did this because there was pressure from the state government to do this. “It is not my fault, “It is the authorities who force me to fulfill the goal they have set,” he said.
“However, although there has been a protest and differences, there should be a reconciliation,” said Renikton.
The day began with the laying of wreaths at the statue of Swami Vivekananda by the Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan as the Chief Guest in the presence of Swami Achyuteshananda as the Chief Guest, Secretary Ramakrishna Mission. Narrotam Nagar, Arunachal Pradesh and Swami Hitakamananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the District Council wants to gather together all the intellectuals and intellectuals of the state. to the state.
The Government of Meghalaya has appointed an Inquiry Commission headed by retired Judge of the Meghalaya High Court Justice T.Vaiphei while the Government of Assam has also appointed its own Inquiry Commission headed by Judge Justice Rumi Kumari Phukan of the Guwahati High Court has resigned.
“Since 2020, the two contractors who are working on the building have stopped and according to my information, the government has not paid them exactly.
The Dolloi is also a pharmacist or Kabiraj and has been accused of assaulting a 16-year-old girl inside his pharmacy in November,
There are a lot of states in the region that got into the country’s rail activities first and there are attempts to expand opportunities through waterfronts too.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: Unidentified robbers have broken into the lock of the Meghalaya Rural Bank at Seinduli village on Monday night. They also robbed the bank.
According to information received, this happened on Tuesday at about 10 pm when the truck broke and the driver could not control the vehicle. you can't syndon sha night.
There were only 2 years left in his studies, but Hiram returned home.
I think the French also wrote Khasi stories in the past when there were very few Khasi writers.
It was also written that the fire in Manipur these days is due to the BJP's division of politics with the central government and the state.
They also spoke to the shopkeepers who came to buy milk and they too complained about the difficulty in buying milk because many shops don't have milk.
The tournament will start tomorrow 6th February 2021 and end on 10th February 2021 at Sarjusarai Stadium, Guwahati.
A vehicle driven by Junmoni Rabha collided with a truck at Jakhalabanda, Nagaon district, Assam on the morning of the 16th of this month.
They were taken to a deserted area, Kapustin Yar, near Stalingrad, Volgograd.
Shillong: The Association of MSWDA-CB will hold a public meeting on the 14th November 2019 at 11:00 am at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong. to clarify the aims & objectives of the Association before schools become full members of the Association.
As the country's leading Arjuna award winner, Balaram was one of the most prominent athletes in the 1960 Olympics in Rome.
“For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom” Matthew 24:7
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Dorbar has sent a petition to the Member of Parliament of Shillong Seat, Ma Vincent H. Pala, to inform him that he should speak to the Air Authority of India. (AAI), for the purpose of changing the name of the Umroi Airport from Shillong Airport to Umroi Airport.
The life of the workers is very difficult.
The chief guest on the occasion will be the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Bah P.Tynsong and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah will be Shri.Rakkam A.Sangma, Minister in charge of the Department of Home Affairs. education in the state.
On the other hand, the KSU Mawlai Circle urges all the owners of houses, contractors and all the foreigners to refrain from employing the mynder as this will increase the number of mynder.
About Rs 6 crore will be spent on the Package of Practices, training for farmers and others.
Rajnath said the central government has recently allocated up to Rs 4500 crore to the North Eastern states and urged them to implement the money properly.
The high-paid people, as shown by the results of the MLA election, 2018, have cast their votes for the National Parties.
Johnwell G Momin is the first Garo golfer to take part in the professional level golf in India.
“I have told them that this EC now wants to strictly enforce the rules and regulations to maintain the peace of the people,” said Bah Paul. ra work you today.
On the defeat of the Congress in the elections, he said it was because people had forgotten the good deeds of the Congress.
On Monday, 174 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed and one person died, bringing the death toll to 1380 in the state.
“We should be disappointed, if there is anything that follows the way of life of thousands of people and we should eliminate it completely”.
At the same time, the Commission said that many illegal activities have happened in Tura District Jail where prisoners are allowed to use mobile phones at will.
“Bah Prestone's statement that this issue will be discussed at the Cabinet meeting, they should be allowed to think and if the government cannot bring it about, we will I'll think again how to take action.
We should expect a change that will affect all people.
On the other hand, Bah Charles Pyngrope, father of Bah David Nongrum, expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden death of his son, as his son was a hard worker in providing services to the community. the public.
When he wins the election, he wants to hold power in the PWD, PHE, Power and other departments that have a lot of money in the budget.
He wrote that his salary is T.47,246 and the basic pay is T.21,410 while the promoted officer Gracer Todly Lyngdoh Nonglait receives T.47,2 His salary is T.49,665 and the basic pay is T.22530 and the difference is T.2419.
The Rangbah Shnongs have confirmed that the march will continue as announced whether it is closed or not.
He said that for 41 years since the independence of the state, not a single issue of the nation has reached its goal.
“We have decided to conduct this protest to demand ILP as a State wide movement and along with Direct Action through the actions that we will announce later.
In this incident, the SDRF has faced many difficulties in rescuing the refugees and one of the rescuers has died while rescuing them.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CSO) on Tuesday announced that by 2021; If the government fails to implement the demands including the implementation of the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act Amendment Bill 2020 and the Inner Line Permit, the state will be in the midst of strong protests.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 2: It is surprising to many who know the truth that there are Govt LP Schools in West Khasi Hills District where the government has not appointed teachers for two years.
In preparation for the I-League, the club will start with the I-League Third Division of the All India Football Federation (AIFF) which will start this month.
“For me, writing poetry is not just about expressing the feelings in the bottom of my heart or mind.
Speaking to media, FKJGP General Secretary Samla Shanlang Diengdoh in the presence of Samla Gabriel Sun Education Secretary, Samla Lambha Kurbah Organizing Secretary and members said that the party is full of joy and happiness. Many of the factories in Umiam area are operating without permits which led the union to inspect today and found that these factories do not have permits and cannot provide labour. The union has alleged that foreigners have turned it into a shelter by coming to work without documents and approval from the village authorities and police. Foreigners who come to work are allowed to do whatever they want.
Jowai, Jymmang 08: The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, today conducted an awareness program at Tpep-pale Secondary School, Jowai. .
The students of Kiang Nangbah Government College, civil society organizations including the Jaintia Students' Union, the Jaintia Youth Federation, the Khasi Students Union (NWYF) and the NWYF have supported the protest. The KNGCSU has demanded from the government on five issues including the appointment of teachers for the Morning Section, the expansion of karma classes, the opening of the Girls' Hostel. and to pay salaries to some employees who have not been paid for 11 months.
“On the part of the SP of Shillong City, he congratulated the village for arresting the suspects, but at the same time he urged not only the village, but everyone to don’t take the law into your hands because if anything happens trouble will reach the village.
He said that the Non Co-operation Movement announced by their MLA against the state government has put the Mawsynram constituency in a difficult situation where all development works have come to a standstill. everything.
The Executive Committee will meet with the State Governors and District Councils to approve the Clan Administration Bill
The Congress party has condemned the arrest of former Gambegre MLA Saleng Sangma and demanded police protection.
Nine minutes after the first goal, the team scored the second goal by Paulinho after two goals. Wu Lei's goal was scored by Changchun Yatai.
“The BJP government has discriminated against ethnic groups in the country, discriminated against religions, and it is clear from the beatings and bombings of people across the country just because they eat beef,” Gourab said.
East Khasi Hills has 106 cases, West Garo Hills 58 cases and Ribhoi District
Shillong: These are very difficult days, in which information is very important for the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia and the State as a whole, but what is surprising is that the government departments, to provide information necessary and related to the people of Ri Khasi, both inside and outside the State, by directing the State Information and Public Relations Department to provide such information to anyone. or two newspapers.
The ability to read newspapers leads to intellectual development in reading and good speaking skills.
Riborlang Dkhar scored the first goal for Lawsohtun in the 6th minute but Samuel Shadap for Pirates scored the second goal in the second minute.
Shillong, July 23: “I support the PDF, I don't want to work with the Congress,” said Equator Nongrang, MDC Mairang.
“We strongly request the authorities to take action on this issue, we hope that the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division will take action on this issue. work adequately and fully for the people of Sohra and Shella area as a whole.
At the same time, she urged them to find more ways and means and to provide information from time to time.
Shillong, Lber 06: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma today visited the injured at NEIGRIMS in a road accident at Nongspung, West Khasi Hills on Tuesday. while they were planning to attend a meeting of the Presbyterian Church in Nonglang.
After the incident, the young woman fled the city without informing them.
It is also necessary to introduce strong laws to protect the state,” said Allantry.
Police have conducted a search operation at the scene and searched the suspect and found powder drugs suspected to be drugs. Heroin up to 13.66 grams.
She has also worked with Sam, Sanmilian Mawrie and Arman Disiar.
He said the government will not forgive anyone involved in violating the law.
“One of our victories is in the Uranium issue where we have been able to expel UCIL from the state,” said Pangniang.
They were welcomed by Congress MP candidate Mukul Sangma, Chokpot MLA Lazarus Sangma and others.
On July 6, 2013, the High Court had strongly suspected that it was people from Assam who were running illegal mining activities and setting up illegal coal factories in Meghalaya.
He said that the MDA Government which has completely changed the policies of the Congress-led MUA Government has implemented MGHIS and many missions.
New Delhi: The Government of India today sent various teams to Kerala, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Manipur due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of coronavirus in these states.
Denied that the state government has any knowledge of this, the Chief Minister said, “If the Indian government mines uranium, it will be responsible.
According to the Constitution of the country, all citizens who have reached the age of 18 years and above who have the right to become voters in the country except those who have violated various rules of law or those who are not citizens of India who are not eligible to vote.
They forget that the river is one of the sources of water and water is life.
However, how can an MLA turn a blind eye for five years to those who do not support him? Once elected as an MLA, it is expected that he or she will be for those who support and those who do not support him. not supported.
He said the reason why they will not win many in Garo Hills is that the vote will be divided between the AITC and the Congress because all those who fled to the AITC are from the Congress and as the Congress is a party. There are always strong supporters of the Congress who will never leave the Congress.
The NPP won 12 MDCs in the Jaintia District Council, the UDP 10 and the Congress won only four in the 29-member Assembly.
She said that the theft and robbery of shops in Basa has been very severe during the curfew which was implemented last year. good.
It is like a father warning his children to keep the meat in a place where it is safe from being eaten by miaw or ksew.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday said that while the government is delaying the arrest of those who have been accused of illegally occupying Maxwelton Estate, the KSU will continue to build houses to invite them to stay. for Khasi.
The party has also warned that if it finds anything wrong with the party, it will take action according to the law.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Government of Meghalaya has decided not to issue a license to set up shops or sell liquor within 200 meters of places of worship, schools and hospitals.
The decision was taken after a meeting of the JHTOA, the Union of Dewbilat Factories, the East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association (EJHTOTA) and the district administration.
“He didn't think about the future of his son by going to contest for the post of President of India. the difference between us and them".
He said that the 7KM road known as the Jowai Bypass connecting Thadlaskein to Mihmyntdu and vehicles intending to go to Khliehriat without stopping at Jowai are using it. The bypass will prevent traffic jam in Jowai.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit, today handed over a piano to the Catholic School, Tyrso village in Ri Bhoi.
The Rangbah Shnong of Madan Umwang, Bah Blikshon Mukhim, who was shocked, said that on 11th November, the Assam authorities had ordered to stop the construction and they had lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner. Ri-Bhoi district but on 20th November the Magistrate of Assam and police came to investigate and ordered to stop the construction.
A bench of Chief Justice NV Ramana, Justice Surya Kant and Hima Kohli granted bail to Drabhamon Phawa, a 21-year-old woman from Meghalaya, who is accused of trafficking. person.
Almost all of us have seen for ourselves how the nation is now, and who will own, who will rule, who will manage, and who will hold the shabuk of the trade.
Regarding the allegations that he is easy to work, the CEM said that the allegation is not that he is easy, but that he is still planning what he has to do. choose a son of peace rather than a woman.
After the news of the SSLC 2024 examination especially the subject Social Sciences on the last day of the examination which was held on the 15th of this month, The Controller of Examinations (MBoSE) has explained that the reason for the difficulties faced by the students who sit for the SSLC Examination 2024 in Social Sciences is the It is because there are some schools which have not updated their new textbooks, that is, there are schools which are still teaching with old textbooks.
The height of her record is 1.45M (New Personal Best).
PID is an infection of the reproductive organs that leads to diseases of the reproductive system.
Modi recalled how the Constituent Assembly had reduced its salary and how the Legislative Assembly had abolished the canteen subsidy for its members.
In the men's 6 km race, Daniel Wahlang came first, Mehdi Hassan came second and Sainkupar Jyrwa came third.
A sum of Rs.2 crore belonging to the regular exporting company, M/s.
said Dr Kharlukhi.
It is to be recalled that on 21st November last year, the Green Tech Foundation Meghalaya (India), led by H.Ban Nonglang in collaboration with Latynrai Eco, The Tourism Co-operative Society (TWC) West Khasi Hills District has organized a cleaning drive to clean up the area.
Taking antibiotics helps children to relieve anemia, fight diseases and strengthen their immune system.
He also criticized other friends of Michael Pakyntein, Rishan Nongsiej, Damonlong Pakyntein and Bernhard Kharmih who are residents of Lower Mawprem. and after finding out all their corrupt deeds, he said that they had no choice but to leave his group and appear again with allegations that should not be covered up. forgive their evil deeds, said Paul.
Participants will work towards openness for transparency in reward political campaigns, which also includes the use of existing label / disclosure technologies for such campaigns.
The people of Jaintia Hills have opposed this.
“So far we have received two complaints regarding violation of the model code of conduct,” he added.
Athletes will have to provide birthday certificates, school certificates, athletes who have not attended school will have to provide birthday certificates from CHC and PHC, athletes who have dropped out of school will have to provide birthday certificates and school leaving certificates. certificate from the last school and Achar Card.
Speaking to reporters, Dkhar said that this is his first time preparing to contest the election.
I'm not open tomorrow.
Adelbert Nongrum said that KHNAM thinks of the needs and not the desires.
Shillong: The Meghalaya International Exporters Chamber (MIECC) has requested the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to issue an order to resume international trade in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. .
“However, I would like to appeal to the people of Meghalaya not to give up.
Shankupar Kurbah, Labor Inspector, Block Labour Office, Mawkyrwat in his speech, explained the Child and Adolescent Labor Act, 1986 which protects the rights of children against forced labour. under 18 years of age, explaining that violations of this law can be reported to the law enforcement authorities as children still have to build their future by attending schools.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the 30 new cases include EGH: 1, EKH: 26, WGH: 2 and WJH:
In June this year, a complaint was lodged against the East Khasi Hills District Administration Office regarding the dumping of garbage by the residents of the government compound into the Thangsniang River which joins the Umkhrah River. clean from time to time.
It was also witnessed that Assam has already built a road to the Malidor River near the bridge which has angered the residents of Ratachera and yesterday, the residents of Ratachera have come out to block the road. road construction and covered with heavy stones in the middle of the road.
The injured were taken to Khliehriat CHC. Another incident happened at 7.43 pm this morning, when a tourist vehicle collided with a Maruti 800 at 4mer, Upper Shillong. still avoiding a bike, bouncing in the middle of the road.
In the 3rd division, Mawkriah West beat Gorkha Association 2-0, Umphyrnai beat Mawnianglah 0-0, Pohkseh beat Lumpynngad 2-0 and Mawkhar beat Gorkha Association 2-0 Nongkseh beat Nongkseh 2-1
They have sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah PBO Warjri to protest against the government's refusal to extend the recruitment period for the youth who have passed for the post of Forest Guard and Demonstrator. Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should implement the reservation policy according to the number of employees in the state.
He said that the Raid Nongtung will consider that Assam has completely overthrown the Raid Nongtung if these villages are placed under Block
According to the report, the committee has recommended to the state government not to set up a police station at Wahkaji.
If in the first phase in 2013, the number of people demanding ILP increased, if in 2019, the number of people demanding ILP increased, in the third phase, it is certain that there will be more and more people demanding ILP. townships and areas around the state.
The award winners include Ohiwan Lamar, Emhok Lamar, Joinpil Pde, Phrina Shylla, Oriland Shylla, Aloma Passah and B. Richard Uriah.
Assam became the winner of the shooting tournament with 27 gold, 13 silver and 13 bronze medals.
Bah Shanbor advised Maheh, “Let's do it so that you can do it, it will happen as it happens.
This regulation came in 2012 with the Mining Policy, in the years 2010-2012, when I was in the Government of Dr. Mukul Sangma, which came in the form of the Mining Policy The term of office (2008-2013) has not expired.
Shillong, November 15: The government should find suitable places to accommodate the land vendors as soon as possible to avoid confusion and problems for the land vendors, said the UDP. Speaking at a meeting held at Aurobindo Institute today, V. Bhagaiah, Assistant General Secretary, RSS, said, “We are here fellow Indians, we have the Khasi, Jaintia language and we also have the language. The people of the country speak Hindi, but we have to speak a foreign language – English,” he said with a smile before beginning his speech.
In this regard, the CSWO invites all political parties, village leaders, government employees including the state and central governments, religious leaders and others to take part in this march. The meeting will be held from 11 am to 2 pm at the Additional Secretariat.
The JSU has urged the district administration of West Jaintia Hills to lodge a complaint or take the case against the Karbi.
There are reports, which have been published today, that the perpetrator of this crime, is only one person, who is wearing a mask and it is believed that this is a crime related to the crime. every.
Speaking to reporters, SP Mariahom Kharkrang said that the police have ordered the company to immediately install CCTV cameras in Shillong.
Speaking on the Police Station in Umsohlait, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that the opening of the Police Station in the area has been a great blessing to the residents of the area. Through this Police Station, it has made it easier for the people to go to Umsning or Nongpoh for various needs.
The reason for the riots is because of the infiltration of political power in the villages, in the village affairs, in the affairs of the clan and even in the affairs of religion.
If the Government follows the same path as it did in the first demarcation, the nations will no longer suffer but there will be bloodshed in many parts of our Khasi country.
My question here is, is there a way to eradicate all these evils?
“We will see how to resolve them, one by one so that when the peace talks move forward, there will be no backtracking," he said.
When asked about the changes in the achievements that have come through the introduction of regional initiatives and the ownership of PM-Awas (Gramin) to improve the quality of life, u Myntri Rangbah Duh said: Momin said this has really changed jobs.
Servapalli Radhakrishnan as a student was very talented and his scholarship helped and supported his aspirations to continue his education at this school.
Marak, leader of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC), Balkarin Ch.
Niaw Wasa United have won their first MCL 2023 by beating Rymbai Iawpynsing Sports Club in the first leg of the MCL 2023 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. Wednesday.
On the 10th, Thangbuli YSWC will play against Umladkhur SC at 2.30 pm.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the issue should not be changed on the postponement of the meeting between the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly.
On the other hand, Ms Ampareen said that the law is the law and the rule of law is the rule of law in which she has her own dignity.
Nongpoh: On Saturday, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang together with PWD officials and village leaders, visited the Lailad Bridge, which is one of the bridges that needs to be connected to the Lailad Bridge. The road from Umling to Umrit and the villages of Patharkhmah.
During the raid, dozens of foreigners were found working there or without labor license.
Egenster said that Shangpliang's joining the political party has given a bad impression that he can misuse government schemes or assistance to the people.
The case was heard by SR Sen, Judge of the High Court, in which the case was filed by the Greater Phulbari Area Deficit School Retired Teachers and Employees Association and the lawyer of the teachers, U.S. GS Massar, a senior lawyer, said that the MLAs have worked for only three years, but they have received a pension.
This is also one of the reasons for the preservation of our nation.
“That is why I will say that Abhishek's statement is childish.
Shillong, July 22 : The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) together with the NPP Block Shillong East on Tuesday (22 July 2023) honored the Power Lifting athletes of the state who won the Power Lifting Championship. The National Level Power Lifting Championship 2023 will be held on 20th July in Maharashtra.
Shillong: The Special Session of the Legislative Assembly will be held on 20th July 2020 to pass the 126th Amendment Act, 2019 passed by the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha in the last session.
This river originates in the Dympep area and flows along the Khasi greenstone bed.
He said that after being suspended from school on the first day, the next day he went back to school in the same manner and thus he was suspended again from school. this second time.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he has spoken to Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma about 40 times this month on the incident in the border area of ​​West Jaintia Hills.
The JHADC, through its spokesperson, has strongly criticized Ma Welcome, accusing him of saying that his statements on the division of constituencies are merely nonsense.
Don't be fooled by the daily phone calls of other parties, but think carefully to elect a leader who can work for the good of the community.
In the next election, Bah Swell contested again in 1962 and in that election he won.
Dr. Mukul Sangma was speaking at a public meeting held on Saturday at Dagal Apal village in Songsak Constituency.
Former Cabinet Member AL Hek said that people should be proud of the flag of the country by participating in this programme.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday said that the department has already approved the appointment of six Child Development Project Officers (CDPOs) and they will join the post within two months. .
“This will be a good example for others to follow and when they serve others it is also part of their service to God,” said Robert.
It will be a time of slaughter for 2/3 of Israel.
His inability to join the squad for the next matches was a great loss to the team as a whole, in which he has strengthened the fire that always burns in the the entire team in the current season.
During the visit, Conrad also talked to the residents and the Prime Minister directed the government authorities to build a footpath on Mount Nokrek and to show the path to attract them. the world's citizens.
One of the IFFI's senior film visitors, Giovanni Rossi from Italy, said, “Such filmmakers should be supported, because they have not only talent, but also desire.
The distance from Mawdom to Maweit is 12 kilometers, which means that it is located at Nongstoiñ market in the Mawliehbah area.
In the morning, the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, visited Bah Ardent as he considered him as a friend since he worked with him in the FKJGP until he became an MLA. At the same time, Bah Hek said that any part done for the benefit of the people is good.
Speaking at the first day of the MENA Climate Week in Riyadh today, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ministry of Energy and Renewable Energy said that MENA Climate Week is essential in finding and sharing opportunities to build the future of energy generation, utilization and sustainability in around the world.
Shah, who was accompanied by General Secretary Ram Madhav, said that if the state government had used the funds allocated by the central government properly, the people of the state would not have suffered anymore. .
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has requested the Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (TTAADC) to ensure that the Khasi-Pnars living in Tripura are not discriminated against in terms of their rights. whether in terms of customs, land and others.
“Therefore, this proposal to step down from the post of President is misleading and misleading, because the party and the ECI do not recognize him as President,” he added.
Jowai, June 6: The Jowai Bypass Road, which is about 8 km long from Pung Thadlaskein to Soomer, has collapsed within a month since it was opened.
The source said that the NPP supporters in Sahsniang have blocked the roads and paths for the UDP supporters and even forced the CrPF troops guarding the village.
According to the EM, non-Khasi employees from drivers, factory workers and housewives need to apply for labor license.
Shillong, November 31: A statue of Tirot Singh Syiem will be erected at the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC) in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
They all live in the same house owned by their mother-in-law and for this reason they find it difficult to tell anyone.
In such a search, she has the desire to find out the origin and cause of the murder of her loved ones.
And it is to this righteous rule that the Word of God says – “Thy kingdom come.
“As it appears now, the NPP has understood that it has made a big mistake in the first phase and has started to divide the nation through this border issue. poh until the cat.
They said that the BJP's closeness to the people has led them to join the party.
Shillong: U MDC from Laban-Mawprem constituency, Bah Ricky Shullai today joined the UDP party and was welcomed at a short meeting held at the residence of UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy. .
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Joint Action Committee of the SKRS has decided to hold a Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi Jaintia Hills District on 22nd July 2015 to discuss the delay. The Village Administration Bill (VAB) 2015 has been passed by the State Government.
The results of these two constituencies could also affect other constituencies and the state as a whole.
The District Sports Officer, Jowai invites all those from the district to come and participate.
According to media reports , on the evening of the 17th at 5:30 pm , the residents of Mawmyrsiang village bombed Bah Kharbani on charges of being a Menshohnoh , after he came out of a field The people of this village used to go to feed their cows.
It was alleged that the Ministers and Supply Officers were good people and had built street houses in many places.
The FOCUS+ scheme has witnessed the disbursement of Rs 26.91 crore to 53,832 beneficiaries across the state under the Farmers' Welfare Programme.
On the decision of the Social Welfare Department to remove the Schedule Tribe (ST) from the Khasi, he could not say anything as this is the decision of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
It has joined SAP Productions this year to prepare for the production of more new films.
The other members of MDA 2.0 will not be able to join the UDP to leave the NPP alone. They will not be able to follow the UDP. The UDP has joined the opposition along with the INC, TMC and VPP. It can also be said that the victory of the UDP in the Sohiong Assembly Constituency is the victory of the UDP. The MDA 2.0 Government, led by the NPP, has increased its number of MLAs from 45 to 46 while the UDP has won the Sohiong Assembly Constituency. The UDP's victory in the Sohiong Assembly Constituency has left only 14 MLAs.
While other nations of the world take and give birth to the mother.
During the meeting, the CEM informed the JSU leaders that the EC has already considered and discussed these two issues and said that the EC has already appointed a committee to Special purpose for the issuance of written signs which will be issued and announced soon so that the work can start.
Sambormi Lyngdoh, president EJNC, said that the DC has said that it will take up to four days to receive the report of the magistrate on the availability of coal by the coal mining factories in the district.
The delegation will also visit Dhauligiri and Konark Sun Temple. The press tour was organized by the Press Information Bureau, Shillong in collaboration with the Press Information Bureau, Bhubaneswar under the auspices of the Information & Broadcasting Department, Government of India.
It is also a time to bring together all the members of the family after the holidays, especially those who study or work far away.
She said that it is the wisdom of the ancestors that the present generation benefits from.
The program was organized by the Hima Nongkhlaw in the presence of many people and the CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla was the chief guest as well as the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima Pa'iem PM. King.
Not only does the government violate the human rights of every human being but it also violates the fundamental rights of the citizens who are unwilling or unable to do so.
At that moment I felt that I had become a millionaire.
However, we have not yet accepted the handover of EMRI-108 to be operated by the company,” he said.
The CJI said there was an element of "agree and disagree as to how far we can go," on same-sex marriage when reading the order.
The union has also strongly condemned the foreigners who are hiding in uniform , has also strongly condemned the foreigners who have dared to show their force by attacking the Enforcement Police of KHADC and also the journalists in the day they held the license examination.
After receiving information that the government will resolve the issue of MeECL, the JAC has requested the Chief Minister to resolve the issue of MeECL as soon as possible. The Congress has questioned the decision of the state government to appoint a junior officer to look after MeECL, which is not done by the government.
Conrad said the statement from the Chief Minister of Assam was that the incident was not exaggerated, 'but it was an excessive behavior of the Assam police'
He said that Fr. Bacchariello never forced anyone to become a Christian but his love through his works, made people become Christians and accepting Christianity is not the fault of people.
Satya Pal Malik, Shillong, has released a postal stamp dedicated to the old Raj Bhawan in Shillong as part of the celebration of Republic Day 2021 at Raj Bhavan, Shillong. He also congratulated all the people on Republic Day.
God said – Because my house is desolate, you have fled every man to his own house.
“I have directed the Deputy Commissioner to investigate immediately to find out who are illegally cutting kilos of farmers' products in Iewduh and if this does not work, I will investigate one day,” he said. Mr. Banteidor.
“MCCL, which has a total of 278 employees, has been closed since
In the past, there were those who caught only 2 or 3 ksing but now they have caught many ksing since they received training,” he said.
When asked about the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC by the East Khasi Hills District authorities, Donbok said, “I have never heard of it as a violation of the law to go and give flowers to the people's leaders.
“The government has just deceived the disabled,” said Bah Kharjana and added that in this party, many people have learned but how can they not get this job.
He said that regarding the demand for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule, the government has not taken action to force the central government.
RC Eve Sec School at Seiñraij HSS at 9:3
It is believed that the collapse of the roof of the school was due to heavy rainfall yesterday, which happened in Jowai.
Kisan Bareh of Jalaphet Bri Sutnga village, Shillong, won the feather weight category in the 66 kg category.
“It is the responsibility of the police to monitor such crimes in the state but the government will do its utmost to provide CCTV surveillance in every part of the city.
All that will come later if you work sincerely for the people, even money if you work well the people will give you,” said Conrad while explaining his father's teachings.
By beating the hosts 5-0 in the first match of the month, India, although they had to play with only 10 players from the first half, managed to play well and scored. Sandhiya Ranganathan scored two goals while Anju Tamang and Renu scored 10 goals each.
Uncle.
Shillong, June 25: The Chief Executive Officer of Indigo, Pieter Elbers, on Tuesday said that the selection of Shillong as one of the cities will help the company to expand its reach worldwide. It is a beautiful city so that people from all over the world know about this city and to stimulate their minds to visit Shillong and the state as a whole.
The letter was signed by the General Secretary of the Union, Balram Ringh Dahiya.
“The royalty on this Incidental Challan is only T.100 per tonne, while the royalty on the mining lease owners has to pay up to T.255 per tonne.
Everything was shaken, for if you sat down, you stood up.
The Governor's remarks were on two issues, related to Art 21 of the Constitution of India and the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act 1997 of the KHADC. Stanley Nichols Roy, who was born in France.
He said that the cost of the festival will not be less than T.10 crore but it could be more than that as it requires the construction of roads and other necessities for the venue to be held in Mawphlang and The government has already allocated T 20 earlier for the construction of the road.
The Minister of Mylliem Hima concluded by saying that allow those who oppose to appear in the morning, we are ready, when asked whether the 14th will be the last day to hear the Syiem. , replied that it would not be the last day but the trial would continue.
In the interview, the lawyer of Stied Dkhar, admitted that the woman had received T.2.40 crore in her account in June 2016, while the lawyer for Particia Nongseij, said that the woman had received T.2.40 crore in her account. T.7 crore has been paid to Stied Dkhar and the lawyer could not say whether the money paid is still in the account of Stied Dkhar, while the lawyer of Particia. Nongseij said that the money worth T.10 to 12 crore is in her hands or in the bank and the money which is not in the account will be deposited in the next two months.
The arrest of these foreigners was made after receiving information that there was a truck carrying these foreigners and they were trying to enter the state without permits. and thus when they searched the area, they caught these foreigners.
Nongpoh, June 26: Following a tip-off that some drug traffickers were smuggling from Tripura to Bihar, the Ri Bhoi Police today arrested these drug traffickers. The Tourist Bus was seized at Byrnihat after being searched by the police.
“We have seen all over the world that this disease affects the elderly, therefore I urge all the elderly to fight as much as they can. “Refrain from leaving your homes or refrain from staying in public places,” said Conrad K Sangma.
At first the farmer did not worry, he did not worry because the tree was a tree.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMC&SA) has lodged a complaint against the PWD (Building) Department of the State Government alleging that the department has violated the state contracts in relation to the and the Tender Bid Notice of the Asian Development Bank ( ADB) Sponsored project for supporting human development in the State of Meghalaya.
Nongstoin, Naitung 1: Nine leaders of the Joint Dorbar of four villages including Bah S.Marngar, Bah Throsking Peinlang, Rington Lyngkhoi from Khyllem, David Sohshang, Gorit Sohshang, Tih Shangoi of Tiehsaw, Sping Marngar of Mawkohnoh, Geophrin Marshingbai of Mawkohnoh and Bungyit Syiemlieh of Nongkasen have been charged with shooting. to me, on the 9th of the month.
“I joined the BJP with the desire to achieve the aspirations of the people for economic development, employment for the youth and especially to protect the rights and customs of the indigenous people in the state”.
In this regard, NESO has announced that the 11th November of each year will be commemorated as a 'Black Day' for the entire North East.
Shillong, July 24 : The Government is preparing to build about nine dewbilat bridges in Garo Hills especially those wooden bridges which have been destroyed by the floods in recent days.
The Fashion Society will also hold the Ms Supermon Beauty Pageant for the first time.
S.A.KurbahThe Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people under the protection of the Iawpa and the Iawbei Hynniewskum have been able to cultivate and own these hills, rivers, trees, valleys and sacred streams for 20 thousand years. Before Christ.
The Chief Minister said that there are three other options in relation to the MCCL, either to allocate T.190 crore by the state government, or to call for a joint management. venture or to shut down the dewbilat factory completely.
The Medical College will have a capacity of 500 beds on an area of ​​23.8 acres in Jhalupara and will treat about 200,000 patients annually.
But the most important thing is the kiad rod.
If the savior and redeemer of the country and the nation does not get its rights, it means that death is near and slavery will come to that country and place.
A man from Cachar, Assam, who attended a church service at Nizamuddin Markaz in Delhi, has tested positive for Covid-19, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
On the 12th of August 2019,the committee went again for inspection of the school and now they found that the Sewage Treatment Plant is repaired properly which led the committee to permit again the school to start it’s function again.
But this prohibition and ingratitude will become even more obvious and greater when you think that you have sinned by using those very things which you have received from God Himself.
The Jowai Diocese was established in 2006 and Bishop Vincent Kympat was the first spiritual leader until 2011 until his sudden death.
This activity falls within the provisions of the Rules 1950 as amended (Rules 4(13)} FORM 'M' (Hawking on head-load) (Inserted vide Amendment Rules, 2005).
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that for the festival programmes, the department has sent them with the rules and regulations, and the department will be vigilant to ensure that that people may be saved from the Covid-19 pandemic.
It is very important how we can share what we don't have from the bottom of our lives.
The well-being of the children in the city encourages the father and mother to go to the village.
It also appointed 4 Anganwadi workers.
It is also sad to see the protest of the people living in these border villages, because according to the residents, they said that if the state government cannot resolve the border issue in these border villages, region, which means that the people living on the Meghalaya side in this region, will face many problems.
He also urged them to be those who have done their job for the benefit of the community.
Look at the speeches of UP Chidambaram, Kapil Sibal, Manish Tiwari, Derek O'Brien, Mahua Moitra, Manmohan Singh and many others and how we see that they cover the subject of their speeches on The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), which has shaken the whole of India, but the problem is that there are hundreds of others who just open their mouths and don't escape. and thus he has destroyed Amit Shah and Narendra Modi, through laws that they agree with.
All voters in all constituencies in Meghalaya will have to bring and present their EPIC to identify themselves at the Polling Stations before casting their ballot. their vote.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that 28 UTS prisoners (Under Trial Person) were brought to the Kashari District Court today, accompanied by 15 policemen.
After Ram Singh, his brother-in-law, Rajendra Singh, became king.
He said that so far the losses and damage caused by the protests by the Sengbhalang have reached tens of lakhs of rupees.
Isaiah 53:1–12.
“We have decided that all the Waheh Chnongs should not be on the side of any candidate or party so that they can stop any election riots,” said LD Lakiang.
Interestingly, if some families cannot contribute according to the stipulated amount, others help so that those families can share in the Christmas celebration.
She said she has demanded that the Indian government should investigate the corruption under the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme, the smuggling of rice from Myanmar to Garo Hills, and the smuggling of rice. shini to Bangladesh is no longer explained every day.
Thank you Robert June Kharjahrin President.
Anthony Pathaw took three wickets for 43 runs in 4 overs and Rokerben Kharpuli took three wickets for 24 runs in 3.3 overs. Poilang Thawmuit scored 53 runs in 39 balls and Banlam Kharsati of 47 runs in 32 balls. Rokerben Kharpuli was named Player of the Match for Laitjem CC.
I'm not sure if it's a holy priest or if it's a drama because he's wearing a bishop's clothes. I'm surprised that he's a rapjot tharai. When I look at the picture, I'm surprised. How do you explain? Father Anselm's statement is an explanation to the people of the church about this incident. the rules of punishments, neither more nor less, this applies to all churches.
About 300 shops have been built including those on the ground floor and 22 shops have been demolished for the construction of the 4 lane road.
He said that regarding the freight railway, the RDA will accept the freight railway if it comes only to Khanapara, but will oppose if it comes to Shillong.
NEW DELHI: Unemployment in India rose sharply to 7.83% in June from 7.60% in October, according to a report by the Center for Monitoring the Indian Economy. (CMIE).
In the second half, Das had a chance to score from distance but the ball went wide of the post, while Bengaluru started the first goal. FC Chhetri scored the first goal of the match through a corner kick from Roshan.
In another match of the 4th Division, Lawmei SC beat Madanriting 1-0
However, if the NPP candidates are not allowed to belong to the party, it will not be able to attract voters.
On the other hand, Kit Nongkhlaw took two wickets for 18 runs in four overs, while Abhay Kumar Rai took two wickets for 32 runs in four overs. .
The JSM Western Region led by Ribok Biam, General Secretary C Suchiang, visited these schools on Tuesday.
“The Congress cannot tolerate when the people are severely affected by this and has stood up to correct this action of the NDA government by holding mass protests to explain to the people about this,” he said. to Sanjoy.
He recalled that in 1963, (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh had included 72 villages in the electoral roll of the United Khasi Hills District Council. vote with the residents of West Khasi Hills.
He said this after a meeting of the Regional Committee of Assam and Meghalaya at Khanduli on Tuesday.
In connection with this incident, members of KSU Nongthymmai Circle and members of KSU Nongrah Unit have visited and consoled the family especially the mother of these children who suffered a dark storm in you are alive.
Various organizations have been directed not to disrupt the traffic and those who violate will be punished, said Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
This financial assistance includes up to 90 percent down payment which ensures that the beneficiaries will receive the completed vehicle by paying only 1 lakh tyngka down payment.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 24: Replying to a question by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, on the appointment of jobs without announcement or interview, which happened after a visit by the KSU, the Superintending Engineer of the department PHE has apologized for the appointment within the department which was without proper grounds.
He is from Musniang Kmai village in East Jaintia Hills District.
For the West Khasi Hills, funds have been allocated for the beautification of the Tirot Valley, the Khudoi and Koh Mang Valleys, and the Khri River and Mawthadraishan.
Two Karbi people were injured and taken to a hospital in Hojjai, sources said.
Revelation 19:9
A US survey of 1,824 people aged 55 to 65 found that those who drank alcoholic beverages were less likely to die after 20 years of to those who drink too much alcohol or to those who drink without limit.
“The problem is that even though there are CCTV cameras, there are no CCTV cameras and the CCTV cameras have not been monitored by the Police Department.
The land dealers are foreigners who have come here in the name of selling but they are doing illegal activities.
He said that as people who love to travel around the world, what they want to see is not that people try to live like our ancestors, but to see the nature that the Creator has established.
Besides these issues, the union also informed the prime minister regarding the water shortage in the area, demanding the establishment of water treatment plants in the Amlarem area.
Looking at the health situation in the area, the health center has a lot of work in the health center, because it is a hot place.
The residents of this village want their land to be in Meghalaya, because in the past they have grown up in the land of Meghalaya, but now suddenly After the demarcation, it was found that many private and village lands have been forcibly transferred to Assam, despite strong opposition from the people.
Meanwhile, Bangladesh army chiefs spoke about the killing of Bangladeshis on the border by Indian citizens and other issues.
“We (BRDC) have a plan to set up a clinic in Upper Shillong where we will invite doctors to come and treat the people on a daily basis and we will provide financial assistance from the BRDC. "I'm sorry," said Bah T Iangjuh.
These areas will be Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapara, Philangkata and Ratachera. by the cabinet minister of the two state governments.
The opening ceremony was attended by R Kharkamni, former Vice President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association and Vice Chairman of the State Planning Board. Chiang D Shira, MCA Joint Secretary, Nagaland Cricket Association Vice President Herato Sukhalu, NCA Secretary Hyunilo Anilo Khing, NCA Joint Secretary Ahidur Rahman and others who attended the opening ceremony of the tournament. sun.
It doesn't matter if we have to pay a political strategist and tactician because we understand the importance of the job.
Last year, 39 people died in such incidents in mines across the country.
“After receiving a tip from one of the arrested members, police conducted a search operation in Chokpot area and at 11 pm, five members surrendered to the police. “, said SP of South Garo Hills Anand Mishra.
There are no such claims that are accurate and in any way.
After the Dolloi of the Elaka had completed the ceremony at Pohsawiar, the Khongraij took the Khnong Blai to Moosyiem Square to be performed by the Kñi of the Nikhla Kur and Pator.
This decision was taken at a meeting held recently at Umkiang village between the leaders of Meghalaya and Assam to discuss the border demarcation.
The union also said that the police's action is an incitement to bloodshed.
After the arrest of the woman, the ANTF conducted a raid on the house where the woman lived and seized 92 vials of heroin. heroin weighing 99.21 gm, 51 empty small containers, 13 soap boxes containing heroin, one mobile phone and one Aadhar card.
The BJP and the RSS are spreading false rumors that Muslims will become the majority in India,” said Owaisi, speaking at a rally to campaign for the Lok Sabha elections in Hyderabad. “If there are condom users in India, it is Muslim men who use them the most.
The president of the party, Bah Vicky Syngkli and general secretary, Bah C Jana, sent a statement in support of the curfew.
Rohit Shah scored 35 runs while Roshan Warbah scored
Secretaries VECs and Gram Sevaks shall work in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Central Government.
Manipur Security Forces (PLA) on Friday arrested a member of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) from Kumbi Thingel Leikai area of ​​Bishnupur district.
“In Meghalaya we have voting forms while in Assam we have only names on the electoral roll,” said Bah Lamarai, who was also present with the Rangbah Shnong of Umlaper, Bah Anal Mawkdok, President of All Nongtung Women. Neril Sten and others from the area.
During the meeting, Ms D.Phawa said that they will continue to fight for the peace of the people and the office of the DC has directed the NHAI to complete the 5 lane road to reduce traffic jam at the Tollplaza in Pahammawlein.
Therefore, the party urges all the members of the party from all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep to attend this program as part of the tribute to this leader of the party who has stood firm for the cause of the party. Community.
He said that everyone in Marbi, Mawngap, Mawphlang has the custom of giving jait to the mother but it is difficult to hear on social media, where who wants to give jait to the mother, who wants to give jait to the mother. “Hato long mo, if you are a jait kpa, you will not be able to do anything, you will not be able to do anything”.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and friendly.
We blame the magistrates and the police for not being able to fire but we should blame the Government, because this is the will of the Government, if it doesn't have the will they can't do anything. long because we still fall under the same department with Assam.
Shillong, July 18: “The Government of Meghalaya cannot pay the salaries of the teachers properly because there is no income, so where will it get the money to pay the salaries of the Rangbah Shnongs?” asked U Bah HS Shylla, former CEM of Khasi District Council, on 13th July 2016, responding to the order of the Meghalaya High Court on the post of Rangbah Shnong.
Pinky Khatun, Smt.
If the Central Government or the State Government has to take such action as it is now, it should provide for the needs of the people from all over the country if they have to follow the rules of the Government authorities as it has tried to kill the rights. ofPublic.
Assam Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has taken steps to talk to the Assam government and immediately ordered the Assam police to leave the area, he said. and James K Sangma.
The meeting was attended by Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM of KHADC and the KSU, led by KSU leader Ferdynald Kharkamni. , President of KSU, NKHD and leaders of KSU, Sengkmie to stop the construction of the railway station, after they found that the company which is constructing the railway station, has not received permission or NOC from the KHADC. and employment by personnel who are not properly qualified.
The HYC has alleged that the State Government has set up a One Man Commission of Inquiry headed by Justice T.Vaiphei to appease the people of the state after the anger over the shooting death. of Mr. Cheris on the morning of November 13,
These include EKH: 25, NGH: 1, WJH: 3 and WKH:
For example, in a village called Vatuadova, which is inhabited by 100 Indo-Fijian families and only 3 Fijians on an area of ​​about 2,000 acres owned by a Fijian clan. It was known as the Nadogo tribe and was headed by a chief named Laisenia.
A task that can be done in 2/3 minutes is sent back a week later.
, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The AITC MP in the Lok Sabha, Mahua Moitra, has denied that there is any truth in the allegation by other parties that the TMC in its rule in West Bengal has terrible corruption.
Shadap said it is gratifying that there are still such youths in Ri-Lum Jaintia who are brave and do this good deed. May he continue to have a spirit of humility and wisdom in his daily life.
Explaining and rebuking those who criticize Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, and those who accuse him of not doing anything on development works in Mawhati constituency, the leaders of the NPP Mawhati, came forward to He said that Dasakhiatbha Lamare has done a lot for the development of the constituency.
The meeting was also attended by the Department of Tourism and Travel Management.
He has a property worth T.57,012 and a husband worth T.77,0
“This new block office will assist the people in traveling up to 120 KM Malidor to Wapung C&RD block for small jobs,” said Daiapherbha.
New Delhi: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the holding of Lok Sabha elections in 20 states on 11th June 2019, which is also the first phase of the ninth phase of the elections. .
Kong Sylbi Passah, a singer of traditional songs, received this award for her contribution.
One of the many suggestions for the amendment of the Sixth Schedule is to nominate three Syiems, three Dolloi and three Nokmas as Nominated Members in the Khasi, Jaintia Hills. to empower the Hima/Elaka and Dorbars from Village, Raid to Hima.
Shillong: The Delhi High Court has appointed a senior judge, V. Giri, as amicus curiea in connection with the implementation of the Article 15(2) of the Constitution of the Republic of India.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the government has not yet allowed the entry and exit between the states. There are no gates in these 3 places.
Here we have to talk about the decision of the Supreme Court in the case “RK Sabharwal vs.
But Jesus did not tell them the day, the hour, or the hour, because it is not right for people to know the times and hours of Jesus' return to this world.
He said, “I would like to thank the Speaker and all of you parents and young people who have come to spend your precious time.
“She used to live in Jowai, but she has returned to the village due to the lockdown and has returned to Jowai for about two months now,” said a source close to the village. .
Shillong: The KSU Mawkhar Circle, under the leadership of its Organizing Secretary, Bah Gordon, has raided the Jaïaw Parking Station in Motphran, Shillong.
STEM is difficult for everyone, but the rank doesn't mean you can't,” said Sarafina.
Know that if you follow only 5 days, you will know who your children are - whether they are soh pyut or soh kynsai - in society.
At the same time, Dr Jemino said the meeting also discussed the Mawkynrew constituency after the news that MLA Remington Pyngrope has intended to contest from another party. However, it was decided not to refer the matter to the Disciplinary Committee.
The Reservation Policy in Meghalaya is a social agreement between the majority ethnic groups in Meghalaya, the Hynniewtrep and Ackik and is also a policy created to develop and benefit the minority ethnic groups living in Meghalaya. village in Meghalaya.
Through their farming, they have been able to feed many people in many parts of the state and abroad as well.
After the meeting, the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union and the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (ASHA) met with the Chief Secretary, KS Kropha to submit a petition. they.
The Governor was accompanied by the Inspector General, BSF Meghalaya Frontier on his visit to the Shella Out Post. to talk face to face with them.
“In the month of November, this sohmynken is harvested and at that time the price is lower,” said one of the vendors.
At the meeting of the three groups to discuss the peace talks between the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), the leaders of the Central Government and the State Government, it was suggested that the names of the members of the HNLC should be collected. whose cases are pending, including cases under the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
Why is the growth of mankind so slow? Because every ten seconds only two people die while four are born.
The Dorbar Shnong Umlyngsha, East Jaintia Hills has expressed its desire to turn the Sailynter River into a fish sanctuary from 2019 as a tourist attraction to attract tourists.
In fact, it is necessary because this department is responsible for looking after various incidents related to the people especially that this state falls in the Seismic Zone V. “Ka It is necessary to recruit young people in this department to do the jobs,” said the government statement.
The training of the village headmen will help them to set laws and regulations to prevent the people from littering and keep the environment clean.
Modi said he wanted to work with these officers and become a member of their teams and said he was sure of the achievement of the objectives of the program before the stipulated time.
However, Rupang, who spoke to a Kharkhaia who trades dewbilat in the state, said that the dewbilat produced from Meghalaya is cheaper here than at the place of production.
Reports also suggest that any agreement between Madrid and Dortmund will not be announced until the end of the current Bundesliga season.
Waheh Shnongs are prohibited from issuing NOCs for building houses near Myntdu River and other rivers in Jaintia Hills within 500 meters of the rivers.
Once the elections are over, they don't even come to the villages to see what is more and what is less.
I don't know what to do with this page, but I don't know if there's anything wrong with the purpose of this facebook page. re dano ki non-hynniewtrep people To promote the two political parties in the state because according to the opinion of this facebook page that if these two political parties hate or oppose each other If this page is a facebook page that loves our people, we don't have time to spread the word, we don't trust them. Therefore, the writer doesn't know exactly why he doesn't want to speak against the true form of the greeting. spirit.
The Chief Minister said that it is through the scheme of Samlin Malngiang that the government has been able to get about Rs 100 crore from the World Bank for the construction of the road from Mawmaram-Mawmih-Mawlyngdep to Umsaw. earthquake district.
At the same time, Bah Sawkmie urged and encouraged the youth especially in these days when it is difficult to get government jobs, to be brave enough to start their own businesses.
The next hearing will be held on the 12th of April.
A total of 972 new cases of covid 19 have been confirmed in the country today.
It is the people who have the responsibility to file Public Interest Litigation (PIL) or complaint before the court on issues that affect the people due to the lack of governance.
The teachers at that time also said that because of the lack of Kur, there were no Old Age Homes in our society.
The rulers we have elected are like the children of a mother who eat the flesh of their mother! lyngkrang, The Ministers and MLAs we elect are just like the wrestlers of the World Wrestling Federation instead of making laws they are wearing belts.
Shillong, March 13: In the month of November, 2015, the Shillong Traffic Police have seized 2284 illegal vehicles and fined T.8,28,2 in the Treasury of the State Government.
Speaking on the occasion, Samgma briefly explained the importance of this program in terms of commitment to the preservation of the environment.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Dr. Balajied Sing Syiem in the presence of Bah KLyngdoh Nongbri, Lyngdoh of Raid Nongbri.
The judge said that this is the biggest violation of the law that the court has heard in which the child has assaulted and raped his own teacher just because she asked him about the children. marks obtained by him in the previous examination.
This is according to the FIFA release of the world rankings on Friday.
They also demanded that the case should be handed over to the CBI to conduct an investigation so that the robbers can be brought to justice according to their actions.
It is our responsibility to understand what circumstances lead a child to commit an offence," he said.
This is where many school drop outs occur.
He said that in many cases, the state government has faced obstacles, but the government has been able to take special measures to fight against and resolve all the issues.
So we need to understand what we need for the state.
“It was their (Government and KHADC) agreement to improve this road for the benefit of the people,” he said.
the position has been vacant since 2012 after the teacher was laid off.
The State on the 8th of this month has issued an order to ban the import of fish from outside the State for 15 days after the inspection of fish from across the districts showed that there is a high use of drugs. Formalin in fish which is like a poison and seriously affects health.
“If the Seng finds anything else, we will take strict action according to the rules and regulations and we will meet with the relevant authorities in the coming days,” he said. president.
Besides these items, it was found that his computer, phone, hard drive and other necessary items were missing from his room.
After that, Bah Holei said that he started treating other patients, and first of all, he treated minor diseases such as rheumatism, and the people who were rheumatism have recovered. .
After a slow and steady decline, Biparjoy will remain in the North East and is expected to move to the northern parts of Rajasthan.
He said that it should not be claimed on the grounds that the incident happened elsewhere.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: The government's recognition of synsar as an agricultural commodity has been of great benefit not only to the farmers.
She said that this is not the answer but it is against the intention of the people who want to end the struggles for the sake of development in the state.
Therefore, he said that in the coming days as the leaders they will be able to go to the villages of Mawsynram area to inform the people about this demand because they are not satisfied. that it does not end with the distribution of literature.
India 5.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The State Government has issued an order to inquire into the inadequacies in the preparation and training of the athletes for the 4th Meghalaya Games to be held in Shillong.
“In short, I would like to inform you that we will take action to address these issues without delay as this affects not only the society but also the peace of the society,” said the Minister. .
In the second match, Umpling SC shared 10 points with Lumparing SC after a 2-2 draw.
III. All places of worship shall ensure that: 1) Sanitizer dispensers or hand washing stations shall be installed and temperature measurements shall be provided at the entrance.
“After they found that the lock had been broken on their side they called me and immediately I went to open it and when we found out what had happened on our side we immediately informed. to the police,” said Bah Ribel.
On the 27th, 22 houses were damaged, besides a school which affected about 125 people in Kharkutta Block in North Garo Hills. the 28th brought further damage and roadway blockages from fallen trees.
At the same time, he said that the license of these three persons has also expired.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Martle N Mukhim, MDC Mawkynrew, Madhistar Warbah, former MLA Dienglieng Constituency, Dr A Lyngdoh, DMHO East Khasi Hills, Dr Shaji ML, Principal of Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha, Dr AK Nongbri, Dr incharge Jongksha PHC, Dr Harkin Warjri, Sordar Thynroit, Dr Olet Kharsahnoh, Sordar Jongksha, teachers and students Thynroit Government LP School, residents and others.
In this song, the song was sung by Phrangsngi Shadap.
Up to 1917 students from 9 schools and colleges in different districts of the state have reaped the fruits of victory in soft skills. storytelling and other activities and talent identification or recognition of the talents of children in the Aspire Meghalaya programme.
It is worth mentioning that this village falls under the Langrin MDC Constituency, it was only in 2014, that this village fell under the Mawsynram MDC Constituency.
“It is surprising that the District Council has ordered that the villagers should also obtain trading license when the purpose of the trading license is only for foreigners,” he said.
He said that even the former Chairman of the HNLC, Bah Julius Dorphang, in the last election, contested the election from Mawhati Constituency from jail and lost only a few votes.
Therefore, we have to look at the foundation of the political parties, the work that the parties have done in the past in the State and abroad, we have to establish the promises that they have made. It would be childish to say that when we elect a Nongsynshar, we elect only a person without establishing the Seng Saiñ Hima.
Due to the large number of young men and women who have returned from abroad especially those who have come from areas affected by the Convid 19 virus, they should take action to inform the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. .
Speaking to media, Bah Banteilang Rumnong, Chairman Publicity Committee of the Seng Kmie, said that this day is the market day and the day of ksing promotion. to announce publicly that the Shad will come in two months.
A young man of Halbert's age was filled with joy and pleasure when she came in and out of his pocket.
“In the past years before 2020, it hasn't been too much until the damage to the tar equipment, such as doors and tins from above, but this year with the rainfall it has been heavy although it's only a few hours", says the young man.
“Only the presence of a daughter, who is still alive, gives me joy,” he said.
He said that the RBYF has not stood for personal gain, but has stood for the rights of these two Longkmie. They will cooperate with the party in this regard because the party stands for the rights of the people in Ri-Bhoi District, who have been suffering and oppressed by the government authorities. to the people, to cooperate with the party in this regard.
In Hubei province, 69 people died on Friday, followed by one in Jilin, Henan, Guangdong and Hainan provinces.
Through the initiatives of the AOG, it is reported that many people have started to focus on spreading the message of peace, happiness and love in the world.
Shillong, November 20: Members of the Don Bosco Past Pupils (DBPP), Mawprem Unit on Tuesday visited Motphran to commemorate the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. They distributed the headscarves to the women who earn their living by selling in the market in Motphran, which is also a popular market for tourists and vendors.
Shillong received 15.8mm of rainfall, 12.8mm in Sohra and 12.6mm in Umiam.
But no one understands it as this servant does.
We have received rain in the season, and we have no water in the season; we are seeing floods in places that have never witnessed floods before; we find drought in places where there is a lot of rain, and so on.
Mother's Recipe – produced in India, which is also one of the factories producing a variety of food products such as delicious ashar – has now turned to the Ready to Cook category and has launched it. The first TVC for the North East market, which will be broadcast across Assam, Manipur, Mizoram and Meghalaya.
D degree and M.Phil for women will be extended to help them not to stop studying just because they get married or for other reasons.
Therefore, the time has come for those who seek God to seek Him from the heart and to worship Him in spirit and in truth, for God wants such to worship Him.
On this occasion, the Spokesperson of the King of South Korea will attend the program on the 15th.
The Law suidnoh, which is the sacred forest, has three parts, the First Khalw, the Middle Forest and the Last Forest.
The union has sent a letter to the DHS to request for adequate space for the 108 employees across the districts and sub divisions of the state. Hotel Monsoon.
“The political parties in power are doing this,” Salseng said.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, has been surprised to learn that Meghalaya, under the rule of the NPP-led MDA government, has received the award. as the state which has implemented the water supply scheme through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM).
He also thanked the Dorbar Shnongs and the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project for their efforts to welcome the guests and showcase the peaceful Shillong.
“He (Prestone) was also in the Cabinet in 2014 when the fertilizer was removed.
It is at this time that the seven seals mentioned in Revelation 6:1-17 / Revelation 8:7-12 / Revelation 9:1-21 will begin to be opened.
“Besides the maintenance of the stadium, the MFA has also requested the Prime Minister to announce the dressing rooms of the players, referees, to build a sitting gallery. ) and the total wall thickness.
A State Officer has died suddenly on Tuesday after suffering a sudden illness due to a blood clot.
Conrad was speaking at an election campaign rally at Machangpani in Dalu Constituency to seek support for the party candidate Brening A Sangma, who will contest the MLA election-2023 to be held on 27th June.
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM of KHADC said that the responsibility of the KHADC is to pass laws and regulations. bring a clean morning to the villages.
In the rest of the world, we find that poor people's leaders become MPs or MLAs. Not only that, but they become Prime Ministers.
In 2003, the 93rd Constitutional Amendment was passed which enabled the Government to reconsider the inclusion of Indian languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
Bah U N Sun, you don't know how much I love your songs, when will you stop, I'll be happy to listen to your songs. I pray for you that you will be calm, how much peace without your voices, especially that the mountain is near now, I will pray for you, God willing UN SUN will calm down.
Similarly, those who wish to transfer their names from one Polling Station to another (Transfer) and who wish to make corrections in their EPICs, can submit the form on these dates.
This training course for senior Government officers is known as Mid-Career Sponsored Courses (MCSC).
This issue is a very difficult topic to discuss and even the District Councils should be clear on the term dorbar and then the authorities who can hold dorbars.
Sunn, who won an independent MLA from Mawphlang, has joined the UDP in the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, which includes the PDF, HSPDP, BJP and others.
She alleged that the Lamphang's acceptance of Sanbor's resignation letter was only a ploy to force him to take over.
He said that there is a case in this regard, but the trial is ongoing.
Although many have spoken against and explained the need to hand over children to shelters so that they cannot be taken away by people who cannot have children, the discussion seems to have been shouted alone in desert.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The casual workers of the Sports Department of Meghalaya, on Friday held a four hour strike at the Basketball Ground of the Sports Department in Lachum, Shillong to demand an increase in their salaries. no to them.
Mawlai and Lajong are the teams that have never lost in this tournament, but this defeat has shocked the fans and all the football fans in the state to know that these teams they have lost out on the final of this tournament.
And there is no need to ask about the reasons why evil has increased in these days. We can speak clearly to the world, it is only because parents or grandparents in these days don't have time anymore. to teach or encourage their children in their homes and their children's hands have lived happily while the monha which they have started to do from a small evil deed will spread again until the rest of the evil has increased. skong in these days.
Shillong, Naitung 08 : Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew and Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew, has been arrested. The State Government on 07th November, 2022 has handed over a wheel chair to a student of Raid Lynshiang SSA and RMSA School, Mawsna who is disabled and cannot walk.
Even after the agreement did not work, Kharbani as the owner of the land was not happy.
Therefore, the Forest Department urges everyone to protect these birds as they are endangered according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List of Threatened Species.
He said that after the inspection, he will sit down to think about starting the work.
However, ILP should be appointed by honest and brave people.
“This chair is not my successor.
The MDA government led by the NPP party has shown a lot of insult to the villages and people living in the border areas.
Mulang Ialong scored the second goal in the 35th minute through Charelang Mulieh.
He said that this road will also facilitate the transportation of mineral resources such as coal, oil, timber, and this will boost the trade of people from Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong Lajong will play against Ryntih SC on the 26th.
"“In order to promote this scheme in the community, village authorities in urban areas and panchayats will benefit when they promote rooftop solar power generation in areas under their jurisdiction. .
The Election Commission of India (ECI) today fixed the date for the elections to the State Legislative Assemblies, which will start on 10th June
The tournament will start at 1.00 pm at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and the prize money will be 5 lakh tyngka including the winner. the name is lost and the second.
“After discussing these two issues, the two Regional Committees will visit the Langpih Sector and invite various groups including the leaders, Rangbah Shnongs and the people. residents,” he said and said that the problems of the Langpih Sector will be resolved soon.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills (EKH) today announced that the shops recognized by the government will reopen tomorrow on the 3rd June Shillong and surrounding areas.
“The government has the means to resolve the issue,” said the UDP President, adding that it needs to discuss whether it will benefit the villagers if the railway line comes.
This jalebi remark of hers shows her hypocrisy to cover up what she has already done.
The High Court said that on 28th November, when the order was issued by the Supreme Court, it was placed in the High Court, which showed the need to complete the work as soon as possible.
"There were 400 bouts in the seven days of the tournament which was held at the SAI Indoor Hall. There were 400 bouts in 13 categories. all the semi-finals.
After another two weeks, it can be moved aside.
They don't want to buy it even if it's cheap just to get it like others who are better off,” said the father.
It is on this basis that it is said that a man must be born again. "Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God" (John 3:15).
It can also be said that the final match between the two teams will definitely be a very interesting match as both the teams are very strong and have talented players.
Police have also received a complaint from the sister of Bah Albert, Crescencia Sohtun at Mawlai Police Station and are conducting investigation.
“However, recently the union has received information that the government has resumed the registration of people in all parts of the state and this shows that the Prime Minister has misused the agreement with said Bah Jyrwa.
Thus, in the midst of the difficulties and opposition of the enemies to rebuild the walls of Jerusalem, it was a victory, because the hand of God was with Nehemiah as the leader to rebuild the walls of Jerusalem.
He said that to appoint full time personnel in these posts, the government has given the reason that there are no people to take over and this cannot be accepted by the Seng.
At Mawlasnai, the Seng held a small meeting in the presence of the village leaders from Mawlasnai and Madan Umwang villages and the relatives of the three Khasi youths who were arrested from Sabuda.
The new discovery of these species from Meghalaya was recently published in Volume 100(1) of the prestigious International Journal 'Zoosystematics and Evolution'
Get well soon bah Meban, God bless you.
The civil society groups demanded that the KHADC should take action against this issue as stipulated in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India to protect the land of the land owners.
One of the things that is surprising is that the Chief Minister has to correct the answers of his ministers in the Assembly.
He said that in order to better understand the implementation of these programmes, he will visit these implementation sites tomorrow morning.
Others who attended the meeting included JSU General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen.
At the same time, it was reported that traffic was temporarily closed on that day while the cleaning was ongoing.
The District Transport Officers and Secretaries of the Regional Transport Authorities have also been directed not to allow these illegal vehicles and to punish them according to the rules and regulations of the government.
* Try to avoid drinking alcohol for two or three days a month.
Mairang, Naitung 29: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday received a letter from the closest relatives of Phan Nonglait and from the Acting Basan and Assistant Secretary of the Kur Dorbar Lyngdoh Nonglait, They requested that as a sign of recognition and respect for the struggle of this brave hero against the French, to declare the 6th November every year, which is the day of the death of Phan Nonglait. as a holiday throughout the District.
The bail was granted with the approval of a bail of T.50,0
Therefore, he urged the youth of the area to come forward to take care of the trees around us by refraining from cutting down the trees but to take care and preserve them. .
The CEM of KHADC confirmed that the Council has followed the rules as it should have done before passing the Bill.
India's GDP growth was 8.7% in 2021-22, down from 6.6% in the previous year.
Ask the MSEB who is laughing and cannot fight.
Since the closure until today, we have heard the complaints of the people because there is no bill anymore.
She reminded that in today's age, students need this subject to talk to students for the betterment of their escape from these evil mental forces that can affect their education and as well as the future of the students".
“Here the Government will have to explain why, it is a valid reason,” he said.
Bah SK Sun said to contest the election is not easy but the people have urged him to stand firm because they will be behind him.
He said that air travel is essential and it will be easier through Balurghat to connect parts of North Bengal and the states of the North East.
Today, there was a traffic jam in Mookyndur Puriang after a truck collided which caused traffic jam on both sides of the road.
The demands include 3 per cent employment quota, IAY, BPL, Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme, increase in Unemployment Allowance from Rs 500 to Rs 5000 per month. to fully implement the PWD Act 1995, to increase the income from the Chief Minister's Special Assistant Scheme 2012, to set up schools and hostels and also to create special schemes for the poor. that members.
Rev.Khongwir, speaking before the release of the film, said that the life of Nabon, who was only a child when she accepted Jesus and the difficulties she faced in this journey. , is a teaching to all those who follow Jesus that the life of believers is not easy, but it is a life of many difficulties.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The FKJGP Mylliem Circle on the evening of 11th November 2013 to hold a campaign to explain to the people of Mylliem area about the ILP, which is the main issue of protest of the FKJGP Mylliem Circle. the country and the nation.
Arkiru Bang scored the first goal for Chyrmang Wah.
After the meeting with the Addl DC, the union expressed its surprise that the announcement to start registration for the implementation of the new free fasttag has been issued from the 15th and will end on the 15th. on the 29th of this month, but the NHAI has announced today about this and the union has also raised the question whether the NHAI will be able to register all the vehicles in just 10 days.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, urged the people to take care of the environment and most importantly, the people should avoid it. from the use of plastic.
Chiang Dhar died shortly after being stabbed by Bangladeshis after he was stuck in his hands and could not run, Rahul said.
To conduct post mortem On this occasion, the Ri Bhoi Police are still working hard to arrest the suspect who is suspected of being involved in the murder.
However, all the candidates have set a goal that everyone should reach every village, every village and every household and the people also expect that the candidates should reach every household. The election campaigns by the candidates especially on market days have been less frequent. The common platforms have been less frequent but now they are less frequent because many candidates are struggling to enter the house.
Rai said that despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the unit has been able to recruit 5,192 new soldiers.
Demthring SC scored the first goal through Spain Ryngkhlem in the 64th minute to make it 3-1
In other words, he will not die without our coal, ore, wood and rnga.
This happened inside Ilfracombe Harbor on Friday evening and a terrible fate would have awaited the child if not for the thoughtful people who were willing to help her in the incident.
“As a party we want to get more MPs and MLAs and we will work hard to win them in the MLA and Lok Sabha elections,” he said.
There have been many letters between the Directorate and the Government regarding the use of this office and it has also reached the point where the Ministry of Health has allocated this building for the use of the National Health Mission and not the IIPH”.
The FKJGP Khliehriat Circle immediately informed the One Stop Center to provide assistance to the woman and her three children.
I am pleased to announce here that in the past few months there have been reports and articles in the newspapers about the farmers, the agriculture and the problems faced by the farmers.
However, the court said it was more appropriate to deploy the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) which is independent in operation than the CRPF which falls under the jurisdiction of the State Police.
The house was handed over by the MLA as the Chief Guest to the owner of the house, Kong Veroca Kharbudnah in a short and thoughtful ceremony in the presence of the donors especially the leaders of these youths who have dedicated their lives and souls since do not start until the work is finished.
"What the parties have done and what the parties have promised is incompatible and that is why I am confident that the people will no longer fall victim to the tricks of these parties in government," he said. added.
After investigation, police found that these people were involved in the arrest and recovered all the cows.
Cleanliness is important for those with diabetes as they are at risk of mucormycosis.
“If the Indian government accepts the decision of the dorbar to implement the ILP, this issue will be resolved soon,” he said.
Remember that when you stand up as leaders, it is the most important language.
“The party always stands by anyone whose term has expired should retire and the party strongly opposes the extension of the term of any senior officer to continue in his post”.
On this occasion, DoNER officers in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, ADCs, BDOs and officers of various government departments, visited the Nongkhniang Village under Nongstoiñ Block and Riangdim Village under Mawshynrut Block, where they had the opportunity to discuss and exchange views on the implementation of many schemes of the Central Government, including the Jal Jeevan Mission ( JJM), Mid-Day Meal, Pradhan Mantri Awas Scheme (Gramin), PDS and others.
The BJP President said the party is ready to contest in all 60 constituencies and has promised to lead the government in 2018 in the state.
He knows that we are like the Gibeonites, who are wise and selfish.
They impoverish, displace and take away lives.
He said that the amount and extraction of crude oil and the refining of petrol by the Middle East is beyond human imagination because it is like a river flowing.
All 14 sports held in 2020 will also return this year such as archery, athletics, karate, table tennis, badminton, basketball, billiards and snooker, tennis, boxing, judo, taekwondo, shooting, swimming and wushu.
Replying to a question by Congress MLA from Rajaballa Dr. Azad Zaman, Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui said that the question for the teachers who have passed the MTET examination is sent by the government. ha Neicom Impression , East Bye Lane 18, R.G.B Road, Guwahati-781005, Assam.
Once when we are poor we have to be poor and to just ask and follow what is right appears foolish and selfish.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : Lady Keane College beat Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat 3-1 on penalties to win the title of the Inter College Women's Football Tournament. North Eastern Hill University on Saturday.
Furthermore, a 50% subsidy scheme has been implemented for local entrepreneurs who produce food for livestock in rural areas who wish to provide quality food to livestock farmers.
Happy New Year 2020 to all.
In Ribhoi District, there are 21 cases and these include 6 cases from Baridua, 1 case from NESAC, 11 cases from Saiden, 1 case from Umbir and 2 cases from Umling.
God had purposed from eternity that that Law would end until Jesus came to earth in the flesh.
On the other hand, Tripura, while speaking with the people, said that in Tripura, the indigenous people are only 19% in Tripura and on the other hand, the speakers of Arunachal Pradesh have strongly condemned the indigenous people. government in relation to the construction of mega dam projects because it has taken away the land of the indigenous people.
The incident happened at 8:30 pm on Tuesday morning when a Bolero pick up (ML07 B 9110), driven by Shempatkupar Mawsor, collided with another vehicle. from Umdang with 34 churchgoers, most of whom are members of the Choir of the Umdang Presbyterian Church.
“I always believed in teamwork.
However, I didn't think that later on this leader would become a destroyer of the party”.
They said that the drug dealers and drinkers are now young children and the drug dealers also use young women to deceive them. lanot who are involved in this work.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Terence Sawian, Chairman of the programme, who briefly explained the contribution of Raja Ram Mohan Roy to the empowerment of women.
During the meeting, the military chiefs of the two countries also discussed the issues of counterfeit money laundering, smuggling of cattle, border crossing and others.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District on Monday.
Regarding this, the Secretary of the District Council of JNV asked, “But if we don't allow, how can we know whether our people don't know how to take this job or how they can In fact, even if the work is on Contract Basis, they should advertise, said the JNV. Which posts are vacant should be made public so that the public knows and the District Council should not just say that our people don't know how to work.
“I am a person who follows the rules, I am a person who thinks well, and on the 21st of this month, just because I was sick, I did not go to take part. “On the 21st I didn't know that I was positive and if I was irresponsible on that day, I went to take part in it,” he said. I'll test it later, but I didn't.
We have long needed the Shillong Western Bye-pass, as a more special service to the North and North East of the Khasi Hills.
The Court also pointed out that there was a report issued on June 17, 2023, referring to the movement and loading of different vehicles and a new reference to transport according to their car.
Shillong, July : The District Social Welfare Officer, East Khasi Hills District today held a campaign to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of drug abuse. Roadshow at Mawiong Taxi Stand.
He also paid tribute to the Chief Executive Members of the Districts who have been able to conduct this program with their cooperation.
The match will start at 9:30 am.
Therefore, the purchase of these two types of medicines at a price which is higher than the price approved and recognized by the Central Purchase Board (CPB) from suppliers without recognition from the government. According to the DHS (MI), these drugs are urgently needed by the Districts and therefore they are purchased at market prices because these recognized suppliers do not These medicines cannot be provided.
“Hep has left,” said Banri. “What shall we do? We will buy it again when he comes,” said Rangsan and got up to leave.
After looking into the situation in Nongtrai, the union has decided to demand for Umsohpieng PHC instead of Umsohpieng Sub-Centre according to the needs of more than 30 villages. The Center serves 10 villages.
Shillong, July 21: The FKJGP East Khasi Hills District has warned all government offices whether in the state or central government that except for any jobs they should not advertise only in the employment news or only in the employment news. the internet, but they should also give wide advertisements in Khasi newspapers so that the rural youth who have completed their various studies can get information.
Donald said that the owner of the shop had robbed him of his money and handed him over to the Upergat Police Station. por 5 o'clock because they didn't know what he was doing wrong.
The DC in accordance with the authority granted by the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, COVID-19 Regulations, 2020 to curb the spread of COVID-19 has announced the closure of Iewdielang, Iewduh until further notice.
Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati Constituency, has announced that Ngaitlang Dhar, the father of Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) from Mawhati, is preparing to contest the MLA elections. Speaking at the announcement of Bah S Osborne Kharjana as the Congress candidate from Sohiong constituency on 20th November, Bah Charles also alleged that the departure of the Congress MLAs is like the leaves falling from a tree and coming back with stones and expressed his happiness that Dr Mukul Sangma is no longer in the Congress.
After sending his resignation letter to the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, he received it today.
The Seng Kutsnem is a celebration of the love of our nation.
They said that political parties, civil society and various groups have strongly opposed the introduction of martial law and the demands for its abolition have increased with the passing of the days in many areas. of this region.
Because of World War I, the Italian government called on all the youth of the country to join and take part in the war.
They are like silver coins, from the shyllipnud of the khaplum.
Rajasthan opened the scoring through Youraj Singh, but Meghalaya, Figo Syndai, scored two goals in the first half to take a 2-1 lead. Rajasthan at the end of the first half.
“They still want to plant phan and expect to produce shriew.
“As you know, the NGT has banned the mining of coal until these days even though the Supreme Court has given permission but because the people have not yet accepted the MMDR Act, the mining and shallan of coal is still going on. “It is illegal until today,” said the EJNC, adding that it is surprising that these rnga companies get coal to burn in their factories. He said that there are allegations from many that these factories rely on illegal mining and smuggling from illegal coal traders in East Jaintia Hills to burn coal to produce rnga and I don't want to go to another state.
Speaking to media, HITO leaders including Alvis Kyrsian Vice President of HITO Ri-Bhoi said that before the raid, the HITO has already sent a letter to the letter to the Executive Member in charge of the Enforcement Department to request them to conduct a check on the documents of foreigners in the area as there are too many foreigners who come to set up shops in Bhoirymbong area. It is surprising that the KHADC and the enforcement department have not listened to this request of the union and it is on this basis that the union has taken the decision to investigate because of the silence of the KHADC. Hinge, President of HITO Bhoirymbong area, said that the reason for the issuance of documents is because many foreigners have flocked to this area to sell goods or to set up shops and this can also lead to many dangers if we are not careful from now on.
“I have contracted the disease, I am healthy and strong,” said the post, which appeared on his Facebook page.
The school concert was concluded at the Auditorium of Sacred Heart Boys HSS, Mawlai where MLA/MDC Mawlai, Bah Embhahlang B Syiemlieh, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah S Majaw, Senior Functional Manager of Sacred Heart Boys HSS, Mawlai. DCIC, members of the Managing Committee of the school, Tymmenbasan, church leaders, teachers and others.
The CAG has conducted inspections in 4 Districts, 5 from 39 Block, 74 Area Employment Councils and 148 Villages. these schemes, from each village.
How will the government respond to the people in the MLA election 2023 because its employees have been complaining about the lack of salary and arear especially the teachers who have to wait for their salaries by three to five? or six months.
“However, after publishing a report in one of the newspapers in the state alleging that there is corruption of more than T.100 crore in this scheme and this is based on the report being prepared. of the CAG," he said.
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was held at 8 pm at the ground floor of the Deputy Commissioner's Office (Election) which was opened by Additional Deputy Commissioner Prafulla Kumar Boro, MCS. She has directed all government offices in the district to come out and take part in the cleaning of their grounds and offices.
The students of this school take part in many competitions at various levels including sports, science exhibition, quiz, essay writing competition, debates and others.
The children have to leave even though they don't have the money.
He said that the Organizing Committee has decided to celebrate the Silver Jubilee from July 3 and on that day the celebration will start with a cleanliness drive. He urged all the leaders and residents to join hands in cleaning up their respective villages.
Seeing sunlight increases the amount of dopamine in the eye and this seems to prevent the elongation that affects the eyelids.
Shillong: Ka Sohra, has received 103.6mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm today.
“We have already written to the Minister of Social Welfare and sent a copy to the Director of Social Welfare and the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities to look into this matter,” he said. Bah Expenses.
On this day the Peace Treaty will be broken and in the middle of that month it will be a time of great tribulation for all the people of the world.
They didn't have anything to do with this.
It is learned that the mother of the child (male) heard the sound in one of the rooms and when she went to look she found that the mother of the child was lying on the floor. The child was not present in the room without the mother.
In 1973, Martin Nongsiej, Albina Kharbani, Crowell Thongni and Edwina Sohphoh moved in.
As a Kñi, he has a special role in the tribe he belongs to.
That is, villages can open these laws for agriculture only when they are needed.
The North East Olympic Games have worked hard to provide the necessary facilities for the athletes who have come from different states of the country. Thailand North East.
Hamedamanbha Thma (2), Samson Swer (20) and Damehipaia Niangtia (70+3) scored the three goals.
Shillong, July 7: The KSU Laban Circle has honored Kong Wansuk Myrthong for bringing glory not only to the family but to the country and the nation by climbing to the top of Mount Makashang. Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
The new cases include 30 cases from East Khasi Hills and 2 cases from West Garo Hills.
Nongpoh: U Amit Sinha, Sub-Inspector and In-charge of Khapmara PIC, has lodged an Ejahar against one of the media outlets from Assam and also against Hiran Ali, the owner of two buses. Night Super, with the number AS-01 GG 3886 and one with the number AS-01 FC 3699, for publishing unfounded news, after the owner of these buses, Amit Sinha, a policeman from Ri Bhoi, has reported to the News Channel that he is a robber of vehicles passing through the Shillong By-pass.
Lamare Football Club's Debinroy Nongspung scored the first goal of the match at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium. He scored the first goal in the 14th minute of the first half.
Speaking on the collaboration with ITC Vivel, Sonam Kapoor said, “I always believe that you should be satisfied with your own skin when you have taken good care of it and I believe that the quality of from nature they play a role in keeping our skin soft and clear.
No casualties or serious injuries were reported in the accident, as the driver of the truck sustained minor injuries.
Perhaps we can say that there is no confusion in the language they speak and they can manage what they want in their lives.
However, due to the lack of sufficient funds, it has not been possible to improve or maintain the water supply.
Nik Daniong of Lion Sports Youth Affairs was named Man of the Match.
Earlier, in April, a special court of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in Mohali, Punjab, had ordered that the land belonging to Lakhbir Singh should be claimed under the provisions of the Act. 33 (5) of the  Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
Regarding the Draft Village Administration Bill 2012, Bah John Kharshiing said that it is necessary for the KHADC to take the opinions of all parties. It takes longer to pass a law but it should be inclusive and should enhance the customs and traditions of a particular nation.
During the visit,the team had a great time chatting and playing with the family.
Banteidor was speaking at a meeting with the office bearers of various Units and Circles of the PDF Zonal Committee Mawkynrew Constituency in Thangsning.
Only if that political party no longer wants to win elections and rule again, will it act like a coward.
The parade was part of the three-year training program at NDA Khadakvasla.
He strongly criticized the Home Minister and MLA of War Jaintia Lahkmen Rymbai for warning six villages against the garbage dumping in Mynkjai and asked where the family members of Lahkmen who live in Jowai are. bread.
According to the RTI reply received from the KHADC, the first clause of the agreement states that the project should mine uranium to be transported to Hyderabad for conversion into electricity generation.
The cleaning of the rivers should not be done in the rivers but from the wells. It was seen that not only the government but even the KHADC has cleaned but has not reached anywhere.
“It is a sad thing when we lose precious souls at the wrong time especially the elderly who carry the responsibility of the family, the clan.
“Apart from cleft surgery, Mission Smile also offers other treatment services, such as C comprehensive medical evaluation, reconstructive surgery which includes surgery, medicine, tests, nursing, child life counselling, dentistry, speech therapy, nutritional counseling and monitoring of sick children,” said Malakar.
However, because they have received money, they have given and spent money during the voting so that the people will forget more quickly.
He said that the Anti-Narcotic Task Force and the Anti-Infiltration Umtyra Check Post on receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies conducted a search operation and seized a Maruti. Sx4 (AA 01 AN 3312) which was coming from Kalain to Khliehriat.
He said the National Commission for Schedule Tribes (NCST) in June 2012 had sent a directive to the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Tribal Affairs of the Government of India to incorporate the provisions of the Annexed Agreement into the Constitution. However, the Central and State Governments have refused to do so and have implemented Article 338A of the Constitution of India.
He also expressed his surprise that the government officials said that they had sent for the test and took some of the fish. “We don't know anything about the government officials taking the fish for testing. They take fish, we cooperate with the government to conduct tests to avoid these but we want that when the government conducts tests should take the fish at the time of unloading of trucks should not go to take from elsewhere.
The teams that reached the semi-finals are Umroh B against Nangkiew Shaphrang Sports Club and Veteran Football Club against Ïatyllilang Sports Club.
Unfortunately, many of the youth are not ready to receive those schemes.
Furthermore, HANM said that if the NHAI does not complete the road within 6 days, the HANM will immediately close down the two toll plazas in Jaintia Hill.
These birds also land in the forests of the Tyrso-Umtngam area of ​​Ri Bhoi in October-November.
Meghamart will start operating in Shillong from 27th October 2020 and in Tura and Jowai from 28th October
Speaking on the occasion, BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh said the party fully supports the decision of the state government to implement the ILP and to release the CAA. The state government on the ILP and CAA,” said Shibun.
We can send an astronaut from India to the International Space Station (ISS) next year.
Prof. Sinha was accompanied by several residents of Kongthong who expressed their surprise to see that he is strong enough to walk and said that even if he doesn't wake up, he can walk for half an hour. he cannot reach.
In an effort to build on the achievements of the Blue Revolution scheme, the PMMSY plans to introduce new initiatives such as insurance for ships, support for the development of ships, bio-toilets , marine fisheries, Sagar Mitra, FFPO/Cs, Nucleus Breeding Centres, fisheries related startups, incubators, integrated aqua parks, development of villages in coastal areas dependent on fish farming as a source of income, Aquatic Laboratory Network services and related activities, Traceability, Certification and Accreditation, RAS, Biofloc & Cage Culture, Sales through digital channels, improvements in fisheries practices and others.
Speakers included Rinibeth Patlong, Program Manager, MCSWA, Philia Paslein, Counselor, ICTC Khliehriat, Dr. J Nongtdu, MO, Opioid Substitution. Nisha Rynniaw, DMDO, DISHA Khliehriat, Mrs. W Dohling, DD, Prevention Division, MACS, Shillong.
After a blaze destroyed one of the oldest schools in the state – the Chief Minister, Conrad K.K. .Sang-ma on Sunday went to console and encourage the school authorities who suffered from this tragedy.
JP Nadda said that no political party has come forward during the curfew, but everyone is in their AC rooms, except the BJP members, who have gone to help. to the people.
According to sources, the gang of about 18 robbers, who are also fluent in Hindi, entered the village with firearms and robbed the village. They stopped these trucks at Sohtympew, which were on their way to Shallang, and sent out the drivers and set fire to these trucks until they were completely destroyed.
Shillong, Lber 31: The State Government has issued a notice that all liquor shops within 500 meters of the highways, will be closed from tomorrow, 1st June.
Rodyson Dkhar (14') scored the first goal for Khliehmawlieh and Sharan Sing Nonglang (20') scored the second goal.
Speaking to other candidates, Winstone Tonny Lyngdoh from Nongthymmai, Raja Jyrwa, Avner Pariat from East Shillong, Heaving Stone Kharpran from Mawryngkneng, Doristar Marbaniang from Mawphlang, Dany Langstieh from South Shillong said that as the party stands on the basis of revival, improvement and transformation of the state, they hope that the people will trust the party to carry the burden for the state. .
These village leaders were attacked on the night of July 3, 2024 at about 11:00 pm.
Shillong: U FM Mawphniang, President of the United Ri Bhoi People and Framers Association (URBPFA), has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Minister of Agriculture, Banteidor Lyngdoh. They demanded that the Government should fully implement the Meghalaya State Agriculture Producers and Live Stock Marketing Act
Bah RG Lyngdoh is a former MLA of Laitumkhrah from 1998 to
(c) Please note that you do not have electricity, you do not have a network (if you have a mobile phone or Android or smart phone, you do not have a network).
In the 57th Amendment to the Constitution of India, Article 21 A was amended in the Constitution which states, “The State or Country shall provide free school education and make schooling an essential duty of the Furthermore, some of the provisions of the SSA scheme have been amended after the introduction of the Right To Education Act.
Only in the North East has it been reported.
Another surprise for the Congress leaders is that in Tura, the party has not been able to create a world but has been won by the independent candidate Rupert M Sangma who has defeated the independent candidate who is also the president of the party. Former ANVC-B leader Bernard Marak lost by 164 votes.
The current MLA from Raliang Constituency is Ma Comingone Ymbon.
However, the surprising thing is that on what basis the government has canceled all these and started again in Lumshnong.
The employment system in these days is going through a slow path, those who deserve it don't get it and those who don't deserve it get it.
At the same time, the discussions will be futile and useless unless we fight and take part in the daily struggles and protests to stand against the forces of corruption, deception and violence. which bun kind.
Registration for these buses can also be obtained through mobile phones where you can download from the Google Play Store and register your children, or through the Meghalaya website.
He even knows how many hairs are on your head (Lk.12:7).
Even if he comes and goes, he doesn't give up and he finishes his day.
It is to be recalled that this foot over bridge (Foot Over Bridge) has been talked about from time to time that the NHAI has to build a separate bridge in the middle of Nongpoh town for the convenience of the people. shiliang ka road, but as of today, the desire of the people to get this footbridge has not been fulfilled.
Baitlang said that politics is the most sacred profession for the people, which looks after the welfare, life and death and serves the precious souls.
The equipment is also according to the rules and not all the equipment is shyrta.
Shillong, Naitung 27: Police have stepped up patrols in the Motphran and Iew Duh areas to prevent any incident from beating up KHADC officials and foreign journalists. on Thursday.
Therefore, the GSU will not refuse to hold protests.
The biggest challenge for households in the country is the turning off of lights during rush hours in the households.
The residents are urged to refrain from clogging the streams, rivers and valleys during the rainy season as the strength of the streams cannot be determined and the slow and fast flowing water can overturn the streams. when the jam is shillip to shillie.
They said that it is very necessary to have a road from Umthlong to Mawsaw to Mawsyrpat, as there is no road from Mawsyrpat to Seiñduli, to make it easier for the people to travel.
Shillong: A group of students from the North East today held a Lama rally across the states of the region to protest against the passage of Citizenship by the Parliament. Amendment Bill, 2019 on November 11,
In fact, the second phase of the border talks has already been scheduled to start but due to the violence of the Assam police in Mukroh on 22nd November 2022 which resulted in the loss of seven lives. The two prime ministers have already met and decided to continue the talks after arranging to hand over the inquiry to the CBI. postpone.
It was also agreed that the coal will be sold by Coal India and the money will be handed over to the state government, which will be returned to the landowners. as directed by the Katomi Committee.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 403 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases in the state has risen to
It is shocking when we look at the series of incidents in MeECL until we the people are left in darkness and we can no longer understand who is who is safe.
The District Transport Office has been ordered to remove these Rapido.
The owners expressed their gratitude for the assistance of the organization as one of God's answers to their prayers during their time of need.
Nongstoiñ: After the residents of the villages bordering Assam, have been living peacefully for several years, but now suddenly, the residents of the villages on the border with Assam, have started to live in peace again. There is an allegation that Assam has come to occupy a place in the Chongga Valley in the Malangkona area.
“When it happened, we were happy.
Inc-Preneurship is a small joint venture between the Barefoot Trust, Prime Meghalaya and the Khasi Disability Association to bring together the necessary sectors and to prepare people with disabilities in the skills they need. for starting their own businesses.
Meanwhile, Khimusniang and Mynthong have been relegated to the First Division.
According to the Additional Commissioner of Police (Crime), these groups are involved in the smuggling of drugs in Mizoram and other states of the Northeast and Myanmar,” he said. sot through the media.
They also demanded that the dorbar today should announce the dismissal of these policemen involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
Member of the Regional Committee, Ri-Bhoi district, recently set up by the state government regarding the proposal to resolve the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya in the second phase, said that he will talk to the public before making any final decisions.
After this incident, the students have been locked up in hostels and cannot even leave the house. The students are not happy anymore and want to return to the state. “This institution doesn't allow them to come back,” he said.
Many readers or believers want to know what sign to show to the world before the construction of the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
The accused were identified as Hunmoni Nath, Bhaskar Hazarika, Manoj Das, David Adhikary, Benin Doley and Rajesh Kumar Joshi. accept.
The ceremony was attended by the MDCs of KHADC including Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Leader of the Opposition, who is also the brother of the Bhowal Hima. The EMs of Bhowal Hima, Neil Antonio War, Lamphrang Blah, Jan Sing Tynsong, Mansturdy Nongrem, James Sylliang and other EMs who attended the ceremony were the EM in charge. KP Pangniang and EM Trade Latiplang Kharkongor.
The tree planting ceremony was attended by the Village Leaders of Chilliangraij, B.Sana, Forester Social Forestry.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that he has received a letter from the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) stating that according to the Right to Information (RTI) Act The residents of Them Iewmawlong are only 194 households, not as the government says 342 households.
Hamid will also visit the residence of Bidhan Chandra Roy, former Chief Minister of West Bengal from 1948-1962, and Sidli House, where Rabindranath Tagore lived. He was born in Shillong in
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Mayralborn said that such meetings will be held in different parts of Nongpoh and Ri Bhoi districts, to understand the mindset of the people. to be able to bring the opinions of the people to the government.
She said that this is a very serious matter where the health department has not been able to meet the basic needs.
“Who are you to ask for that writing?” asked Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Shillong, Lber: The Dalmia Bharat Foundation (DBF), is the social development agency of Dalmia Bharat Ltd.
“When asked about the estimated budget, he said that the project will cost up to T26,000 crore and to run the work, it will have to be approved by the high-level committee, the relevant department. It has also received the approval of the Cabinet of the Union Government and through the Minister of State.
The party has decided to continue to monitor these issues which it has started in the past years.
Police from Mizoram and Assam have increased their presence at the border area and Harmeet Singh, ADG of Assam, has personally visited the area to inspect the area. the nature of the border.
The Government has worked in a difficult and painful manner.
Furthermore, the WHO has clarified that the presence of these ingredients in pesticides is not sufficient for human consumption as it is very dangerous.
On the other hand, the EJNC invites the residents of East Jaintia Hills District to attend the flag raising ceremony of the CoHSO on the 7th of this month from Dhankheti to the Addl Secretariat. to oppose the Central Government's plan to implement the Citizen (Amendment) 2016 in the North East.
Celery : This vegetable is rich in nutrients and helps prevent type 2 diabetes.
Nokrek won the toss and elected to tied first, which is also the first time in the tournament that all three teams in previous matches have not scored the first goal after winning the toss. currency.
On the 21st of this month, two children were seriously injured after being shot at Golflink.
“In this country, the people are the owners of the land, and not the government,” he said.
During the visit to the oldest factory in the area, which dates back to the time of Assam, Dr Roy and Bah Chyne met with the workers to ask them the reasons why the factory is built by The new equipment has not been operational to date despite repeated promises from the government.
Shavian took another 10 wickets later, but Delhi's players managed to score several runs from his balls, including Tarun Bisht (42 not out from 16 balls) and He finished the innings with 2/49 runs in 4 overs.
He said the education department has discussed with the schools to use buses to transport the children to avoid traffic jams and this is still waiting for the school authorities.
“The Government wants to keep him in the house and we will have to discuss with other families whether they agree or not,” he added.
A leader who looks after the welfare of the people is the leader whom the constituency needs to elect.
U Bah SC Laloo said that the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has been facing many problems, as the employees of the JMB have not received their salaries for many months. It really affects the lives and livelihoods of the families of its employees (JMB).
He said the venue was especially beautiful to host such a convention.
Nongstoin, November 16: The Bet Sym Bai Society on Tuesday visited the Rev. Wollington Children's Home, Nongpyndeng, Nongstoin.
When you look at your banknotes, whether they are T.10, T.50 or T.100 banknotes and others, you just look at the back of the banknote, you will see the year written on it. If your banknotes are printed before 2005, you should deposit them immediately at the bank, as these banknotes are not allowed to be returned to banks. and to submit to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), before 31st November
Another prisoner who escaped from jail with the I Love You group, Rikmenlang Lamare, was not present at the incident.
Ardent said the rules of procedure of the Legislative Assembly have made it clear that the discussions in the Legislative Assembly should be in English.
Shillong: The AMSSASTA, on 8th October 2019, has given five days to the State Government, to pay the salaries of SSA teachers or to hold a strike or closure of schools, in the whole State.
As part of the tournament, the youth of the area also took part in various dances and songs.
"Is there anything new about the ancient Roman Festival of Dies Natalis Solis?" This theory of the Sun, which was well established in the 18th-19th centuries, has now been developed through the research of thinkers such as L. Duchesne, TJ Talley, DJ Rothenberg, JN Alexander, HWybrew. the relationship between 25 November and that ancient ritual – in which the time of the Angel's announcement to Mary was celebrated on the 25th of October (equinox) – the Jewish calendar (14 Nisan) which is believed to be that it is the time of the Creation of the world, the Exodus from Egypt (Peshach/Pascha), the Time of Jesus' Death.
Garo people don't follow the regional party led by Khasi but Khasi people are quick to vote for Garo tickets 一npp.
Paul Lyngdoh said the problem faced by the people is that the government has ordered that those who intend to build houses outside the Municipal Area can get permission from KHADC or MUDA. “This is not clear because it allows a person who has not received permission from MUDA to go to KHADC, and that has created a lot of uncertainty,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh. those who accept the ram do not build it.
The vehicle was burnt down on the Mawlai Nongkwar road.
On the fourth day, while I was leaving Saitsohpen for Tyrna, Dr. Donkupar Roy, who was the Deputy Chief Minister at that time, phoned me and said, 'Your man has been found; he is not dead, but he is alive.
If we as citizens of an independent country take care of our responsibilities, perhaps there will be no need for those organizations that have the opportunity to collect money from various vendors almost every month.
In the Tura Lok Sabha, Allan Sylvester Marak was elected as President, Rana Sangma as Vice President, Stevie Marak, Tangseng Marak, Anamika Momin, Hendrick Marak and Janglan Sangma as General Secretary. other officers.
WA Sangma, Salseng Marak, PA Sangma, DD Lapang, JD Rymbai, Mukul Sangma, if you count all the years, it is about 40 years. A few regional parties have been in government from time to time, during the time of Bah BB Lyngdoh and others, especially when the HSPDP in these years is still strong and and he stood up, and stirred up the people.
“According to my knowledge, there is no monument to Tirot Singh but what the department is doing to promote the name of this great man is through the production of documentaries, books and works. by celebrating his day,” said Kong Matsiewdor.
Robert, 34, tested positive ahead of the start of reshoots for the lucrative film.
In preparation for the tournament, the team had prepared their home in Tura in July, and now that the team is ready, they have been brought to Shillong.
To mark the occasion, the Governor launched the State Anthem composed by Bah (L) Neil Nongkynrih, Founder of the Shillong Chamber Choir.
The threat to his seat is greater than the threat from outside,” said Bah Paul.
Maharashtra has 51,880 cases.
However, accurate police sources said that the suspects were arrested at the Crime Branch Police Station.
Tottenham beat Ajax 3-2 in the second leg of the Champions League semi-final.
She said that since yesterday, the law enforcement agencies have been raiding the houses where they live without informing them, but they have come to send the belongings abroad. and there are also the weapons which they have lost, and there are also the things which have been lost by the destruction of the puh shilum.
He said that the party does not want to create ethnic discrimination between Khasi-Jaintia and Garo but the employment quota is based on ethnic discrimination because there is no employment quota across India. which is separate from any ethnic group within the Tribal Reservation.
The village still urgently needs assistance from various government departments is the food from the Supply Office Nongstoin to distribute ration to all 38 households; PHE Office, Nongstoin; assistance to the school from the DI of Schools, Nongstoin; electricity supply to all households from the EE Office, MeECL Distribution, Nongstoin; Footpath in the village of C&RD office Nongstoin; to receive new techniques for the development of agriculture from the Agriculture and Horticulture Office Nongstoin; The DM&HO Nongstoin and the Social Welfare and CDPO, Nongstoin will also deliver assistance to the village to receive food for children and young children.
The names of the North East players are Nabam Yapu (Arunachal Pradesh), Hao-rungbam Kiran Bala Chanu, Raj-kumari Linthoingabi Devi, Keisham Kalpana Devi (all from Manipur), Riticia Nongbet, Luiza Tamang and Debasmita Dutta. (from Meghalaya), Lalrinmawii and PC Vangsangzuali (from Mizoram), Limatola Ao, Senti-lemla Imsong, Jyoti Thapa, Sariba Khan (from Nagaland), Purnimaya Gurung and Primula Chetri (from Sikkim).
The deadline for filing is 20 October 2021.150 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, one has died of the disease, bringing the death toll to 1381 in the State on Tuesday. .
In the past years, vehicles, motorcycles and two wheelers have fallen into the river, but no bodies have been found.
In the second half which started at 2:30 pm between Laitlyngkot SC and Nongkrem SC, no one could score a goal until the end of the first half.
He came home in the evening and it was dark because it was rainy season.
Komorrah Lime Stone Ltd, under the Lama Komorrah Limestones Workers Union, has lodged a complaint with the authorities against the Managing Director at the office in Lachumier.
Rangdajied's Reson Malngiang scored the second goal in the 72nd minute. Nangkiew's defenders were unable to control and defend the goal. Seven minutes later, Chanmetre Thma scored the third goal in the 79th minute to secure the victory.
“What an honor, because I make it clear that I don't want to use them or leave them alone just because we have enough paid and we don't need them anymore.
High levels of bad cholesterol lead to accumulation in the blood vessels and eventually lead to congestion.
They decided to meet with MP Rakesh Sinha, after seeing that this MP is ready to donate to the religious organizations or to the villages. that there is a problem with financial assistance.
On the other hand, the Program Manager of Ahana, Bah Barry Kharmalki said, “When we started this Mission, we faced many challenges, because we don't have much information, we can't get answers. sufficient from the village authorities.
“The people want to know where the money for the Nongstoiñ-Maweit road goes? When I looked at the documents, the 23.00 kilometers was allocated for only Rs 98,26,14,300/-, and what else will be done to reach Maweit?” .
The Court will next hear the case on 12 January 2022.
Edward said the four Rangbah Shnongs had issued NOC to the company to operate without any conditions but it was just to show that they were allowed to operate.
In the past few months, 5000 tyngka has been distributed to the farmers.
The Chief Guest in his speech said that it is because of the teachers of the past that this is what it is now.
He said the government has not hesitated to implement measures against people and has also passed two laws (Resident Safety and Security Act and Prohibition and Detection of Benami Transaction 1958).
On the other hand, coach Igor Stimac also requested the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take action on this issue.
He can deceive the people but he cannot deceive intelligent people like us.
Even in his old age, Rangbah Romeo Mawrie, 85, is an example that there is no obstacle to discovering one's own talent.
Shillong: The Mawphlang Labor Union (MLU) has expressed its concern over the illegal entry of foreigners into Mawphlang area to work in the Mawphlang area. he is the work of the jam.
Sangma said that under the Meghalaya Health Infrastructure Strengthening Project, up to Rs 350 crore has been allocated for the upgradation of PHCs and CHCs in the state.
She said that small businesses especially those run by shopkeepers and supported for them can increase their income through the Shishu MUDRA loans. ".
He gave examples of museums related to freedom fighters from the countryside such as Babasaheb Ambedkar's Panchteerth, PM Museum and National War Memorial and said these initiatives have brought about a new atmosphere. in the union in the thoughts and feelings of the people in the country.
The Sohiong Constituency lost its election along with 59 other constituencies on 27th June due to the death of the UDP candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh a few days before the polling day.
Even the government authorities, especially the Myanmar military, are very angry with the Rohingya, because there are among them those who fight against the law and are accused of being among them, who are militants. ).
Speaking to reporters, Congress leaders said that Lapang has not applied for ticket for the 2018 MLA election from Nongpoh, but has blessed Mayrald Born Lyngdoh and and in the public assemblies.
The VPP also alleged that this is a plot by the BJP to make India a one-language country.
We who are left, who are waiting for the second coming of Jesus, firmly believe that the second coming of Jesus will be for the same purpose, that is, to improve, renew and save, nothing else.
“They shoot at those whom they find walking on the streets or in the village streets,” he said.
Nongpoh, June 02: Four Khasi youths were shot dead and others were injured in the incident which happened at Jatalong village in Ri-Bhoi district.
The price of one ice cream, by 50 tyngka, has forced a restaurant to pay a fine of T.
The suspect was identified as Ezekial Ch Marak of Dobasipara, Tura.
Many of the residents from Manipur have fled to other states including the state,” he said.
Shillong, March 17: After the death of a youth named Sengat Sangma, a stir has broken out in Rishipara, where he was shot dead by a group of robbers. village.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to immediately collect the body from the morgue of the hospital within three days from the date of issuance of this announcement. The body was handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation.
In the Gospels Jesus did not claim to be the only one who taught or spoke about righteousness and truth, but Jesus referred to the life and work of John the Baptist who served the people in before him- “I assure you that John is greater than he...” (Matthew 11:11) And this John was beheaded because he argued and fought with the crowds, the rich and the poor, and that he preached the kingdom of heaven, a kingdom of peace and hope.
She said that he was one of the Rangbah Shnongs in Mawlai who came up with the ideas to convey the message to the people and the whole of Mawlai followed his example.
However, he expressed his gratitude that through the responsibility of the members of the Association, these children have been selected to represent the state at the tournament to be held in Mumbai.
She also alleged that the government's arrest has only destroyed the party.
Speaking to reporters, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said, “We have hope of winning all the constituencies because we have more than 300,000 members”.
Rajiv Bareh was elected president, Mehiwot Chadap vice president, Tnebha Phawa joint secretary, Marchial Nongtdu joint secretary, treasurers Marius Siangshai and 12 members from the clubs that have joined the EJDCA. Umshangiar SC beat Umshangiar SC by 1 wicket in the Open To All Cricket Tournament held at Khliehtyrshi Stadium on Saturday.
Under the Regulation, it is stipulated that the Indian Mines Act, 1923, the Indian Forest Act, 1927 and the Coal Mines Labor Welfare Fund Act, 1947 are the Acts which the JHADC can implement.
God has fulfilled His promise in this regard, for He is God and not a man to lie.
The match today 17.10.2023 will be between Sabahmuswang and Demthring at 2 pm.
Kong Shylla informed the union that the reason for the delay in opening the school is because there are still shortcomings in terms of land and buildings that still need to be built so that it can meet the requirements. needs and requirements of the Residential School.
Sambormi said that the railway will only benefit foreigners while the indigenous people will face many problems and be deprived of many rights including jobs.
"When you cultivate, you sow" are words that humble the heart.
Replying to a question, Bah Dasakhiat said that although they have not yet decided whether to accept or not, the Minister said, “We will see how much we can, tomorrow. We stop the Assam vehicle here and take the Meghalaya vehicle. When we leave, we stop only inside Byrni and from there we have to take our vehicle, the same problem we will face.
Shillong, Lber, 19: The Supreme Court on Tuesday fixed the hearing until June 9, 2024 on the petition of the North East Students Organization (NESO) to suspend the Citizenship Rule (Amendment). ) Act
Although the Shiv Sena, NCP and Congress have decided to form a government in Maharashtra, the swearing-in ceremony of BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis as chief minister has shocked many.
These food items distributed by KSU Wapung include rice, dai, umphniang as part of the support to the people who have been forced to stay at home due to the COVID-19 lockdown.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi shaking hands with the people on 21st June
He also denied that the UDP party has left Bah Bindo M Lanong alone and said that from time to time they have discussions on many issues of the party.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, several drivers and residents of the village who used to pass through the Mawthawpdah – Laitlawsnai to Rangdkhiew road expressed their regret over the lack of attention of the contractor. These places where there is still rain, he has started to lay stones and has started to clean or lay stones in the places that are clean, but since he started laying stones until now he has not done anything or clean. by color.
Fertilizers – urea, SSP and MOP.
Furthermore, on the polling day, the polling station was even more impressive and the cooperation of the village authorities together with the election authorities in conducting the polling was smooth and without any problems. any conflict even after some stirring during the kanbas.
This plant is also grown to improve the soil.
Calling for peace among the different ethnic groups, the secretary of the HPC admitted that the residents of the area did not come out with weapons or knives but gathered along the road to protect themselves.
“The AICC should listen to the plight of the people of the state to regain their trust,” he said, adding that the AICC should not think who gets the most votes to hold power in the government.
On the other hand, the MDC also donated T.5 lakh to Shohphria SC for the construction of the stadium and also encouraged the youth of Shohphria SC. the community to be able to use their God-given talents properly.
In another match, Seng Khasi College beat St. Mary's College 25-23, Lady Keane College beat Synod College 43-16 and Shillong College beat PG NEHU Shillong -25.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has denied the allegation by the Congress in the Opposition that the Addl.DC of WJH, Bah S.Laloo, has been threatened by the brother of the Minister. that in the same night he was transferred to Ampati.
However, since the ban on coal mining and transportation in the state, it has caused a huge loss to the indigenous people, due to the lack of jobs they have to send their children to school part time. They have to stay at home and feed their children, as well as it has had a serious impact on the shopkeepers and traders, and especially on the day laborers who earn their living.
On Saturday, 53 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and no deaths have been reported.
The government did the best it could when it listened to and accepted expert advice.
Vice President, Secretary, Jiken Langstang, Assistant Secretary, Nol Shyrmang, Organizing Secretary, Maroo Shyrmang, Finance Secretary, Nikal Langstang, Sport Secretary, Banjop Shyrmang, Education Secretary, Phihliness Langstang, Publicity Secretary, Shwa Langstang, Environment Secretary, Mol Shyrmang, Discipline Secretary, Wellcome Dkhar, Art and Culture Secretary, Mihsalan Bareh and 29 members.
“If you look at it, you can see that the coal is newly mined and it is still clean,” said the Court.
The Vice President of HYC Mawryngkneng Circle, Bah Robinson Nongrumu, expressed his regret over the failure of the Government to recognize the leaders of HYC Mawryngkneng Circle. Mawiong Road is located in the PWD Department.
Phira Dohtdong said that he started raising cattle since the outbreak of Covid-19 in the state which was a very difficult time to get jobs. He said that in the shortage of chicken farmers, the chicken farmer has to change his mind.
The NSCN-IM has made it clear that these incidents have happened even though the party is in peace talks with the Indian government.
When the snep is soft, they remove the snep and clean and lympat it so that all the manure and sbiar will come out and only the sainalia will remain.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma on Saturday accused the MDA Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) of stealing the rights of the people. of school children, pregnant women, young job seekers, entrepreneurs.
