“It is unfortunate that many nurses have not been certified even after 20-30 years of service,” they said.
I tried to avoid giving these long names because I didn't want it to distract the farmer from what I wanted him to know, which is how to grow his farm; but I cannot give these exact names, because there may be those who want to know what kind of plant we are talking about.
Even the Constitution (COI) of India came after Independence, until November
Speaking to reporters, Charles said the CAG report shows that at the end of October 31, 2017, there was a loss of T.152.56 crore. This is due to the delay in the work of the Transport Department of the State Government.
The source said that these song were sent by smugglers led by Haji Salim Baloch Wala of Balochistan.
In addition, I have the ability to make my own Duitara and Marynthing, as well as other small instruments.
Pynshngaiñ said the Governor had sent the Bill to the government to seek clarification from the District Council but the government had delayed and did not seek clarification in time. “I don't think the Governor will send it to the MHA on his own initiative without taking the opinion of the government. The KHADC is not the one who passed the VAB but it is the state government which is the advisor to the Governor,” he said.
Nongpoh, Nailar 25: The Liarkhla Village Council on the 20th of this month has released 40 kilos of Dohkha seeds into the Umtung River in the Raid Iapngar area of ​​Ri-Bhoi District. The farmers and the village and the area as a whole by using them to go to the fields every day.
When reporting on the campaign, the newspaper should not ignore any important part of the speeches of the candidates or the responses of the opposition candidates.
Speaking at a meeting with NEHU Vice Chancellor Prof KS Srivastava, students and teachers of the university, Cardenas said that his country has a close relationship with the North East. India in terms of natural resources, cultures and wildlife.
Out of all the countries whither I have driven them.
After this God will gather all Israel to Mount Zion.
“Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Manipur are the worst affected states because they don't have ILP,” he said.
Even among Government employees, casual or contractual employees cannot receive financial assistance when they are sick like others.
This water helps the seed not to fall into the hand.
The three contractors are Lester Syiemlieh, resident of Mawlai Kynton Massar, who will contract from Ch.4500.00 to T.5020.00 at a cost of T.35 lakh. Thirdbornson Nongkhlaw from Mawroh, Nongpoh from Ch 0.00 to 4500.00 at a cost of T.3 crore.
If we give up, we don’t know what will happen.
“He said that the party has done its job and he expects the supporters to work hard because this is not an easy task especially in Amlarem Constituency where Ma Mukhim will contest against the incumbent.
After suspecting a truck carrying shini, the BSF seized the truck.
Finally, what kind of history can we preserve and give to the future? Do they praise or condemn our actions?
The Southern Front has captured the 52nd Brigade camp in Daraa after 24 hours of fighting.
On the other hand, the Dorbar agreed that there are still many areas in the Synshar Shnong which need to be improved but urged the KHADC authorities to take action to prevent the emergence of two authorities within one Shnong. it leads to strife within the village.
These are just two of the most important developments that have occurred in the past few days and months.
In the past, they respected the party workers who were not leaders and the party leaders at that time were more eager to hear from such party workers whether they were from the city or the countryside.
The RWDO has also sent a message to the Central Government through the BSF to complete the installation of CCTV cameras in the border areas as soon as possible. you are from Bangladesh.
We all have a part to SERVE OUR COUNTRY AND NATION.“I AM BETTER TO DIE AS A KING IN PRISON THAN BEING A SLAVE KING IN MY COUNTRY” LIKE TIROT SING, YOU WILL BE THE ONLY ONE WHO WILL BE IN THE FRONT OF THE COUNTRY.
Shillong, Naiwieng : Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie on Saturday handed over a power tiller to the Hills Farmer Union, Mawlai Circle. program was held at Mawsiatkhnam.
At the same time, the MSYO has urged the KSU Leimow Unit to think twice before publishing any news without sufficient evidence as such news affects the residents and misleads the readers. .
When inquired, DSP Traffic Shillong, Bah M.Marngar said that for each change, the fine is T.5000 according to the Motor Vehicle Act.
I can say that the difference between them is exactly the same as that of us Khasi and those from the north and their population is more than 13 million.
Also present on the occasion was the Sirdar of Hima Mawdon.
The semifinals will be played twice including home and away), and the final will be played in Shillong.
“The NPP will try all means to help and ensure that Manipur will regain peace and stability and to help the people of Manipur in their problems,” he added. .
“I decided to step down.
Therefore, F1 will have a new power unit from that year with 100% fuel economy and other benefits in the cars.
The Union has alleged that the JHADC has not done anything to maintain or protect the river, but when the river has started to rise and there are lives in the water, it has survived only to earn money from the river.
The meeting was held at the Conference Room of the Reserve Bank of India, Shillong.
The Government suspended their work on 31st July.
“Those measures that the Government has taken have been completed and it seems that they are just waiting for the time when the Government will do what is necessary,” he said.
“I want to speak clearly Bah Shñiawbha, you are not our leader but you are our auctioneer.
The influx of foreigners shows that they are trying to exploit the people of this state, the trade of the Marwaris is exploiting the income of this state and the land owners.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya has implemented this prohibition under Sections (1) and (3) of Section 3 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act,
The Commission has requested the Chief Secretary to submit its report on or before 30th June
Our ancestors said, “Prevention is better than cure,” which means that prevention is better than cure.
Recently, a clash broke out after the residents of Khanduli village were attacked by Karbi while they were farming in their fields and this has also caused tension on the border.
They are from Mawranglang village.
As usual, in all the traditional religions in the state, they started to thank and worship the goddess for the provision of livelihood and agriculture of the people of the village.
The launch ceremony was also attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Principal Secretary, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Director (DHS). -MI) and many others.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Rgh Kynham Sing Wahlang (aka Paduh Kynham) Secretary of the Seng Khasi Sohra, has passed away suddenly today. take part in the race of the Khasi Sohra Association to celebrate its 25th Anniversary.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil) Amlarem Sub Division regarding the traffic jam on the Dawki-Amlarem Jowai road due to the illegal movement of trucks carrying coal to Bangladesh.
He said that the party will not rest but will continue to monitor other areas that are relevant to the society and urged the people of the Hima within the three kyntoit and the children of the Hima who are in the city and “It is necessary to investigate the actions of the Sirdar of the Hima Dwara whom we call Bahdit,” said Bah Jeengaph.
After receiving a late tip from the police, a team of police came to the village and broke the door to arrest the suspect and seized the knife.
They completed their training for the beauty pageant at one of India's leading schools, The Cocoberry, and were selected to attend the Lakme Fashion Week. and Bollywood movie stars and fashion designers.
Therefore, the union has expressed its deep sorrow and sympathy to the Branch Manager who has to work with the staff who does not get to sit in his office as he should.
Finely L Pariat has been elected as the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) and MSOA. , as the manager of the Indian team for the Asian U20 Athletics Championship to be held in South Korea from July 4 to 7,
Shillong, Lber 29: A radiologist of the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) has been awarded the Royal College of Radiology (FRCR) by the Royal College of Radiology (RCR) in London.
Hiphei surprised the Congress leaders with his decision and is understood to have immediately left for Guwahati to meet Himanta Biswa Sarma, the BJP leader in Assam.
However, the appointment was found to have been stolen by the CBI in 2011 and after that, the High Court, Shillong Bench at that time, ordered the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Education to appoint the appointment. The High Level Scrutiny Committee (HLSC) has dismissed 246 teachers who were appointed in 2014 according to the CBI report. They are still teaching in government schools to this day.
If not all can be done, then it is better for the government to create other ways for the benefit of all and not to discriminate against anyone, whether urban or rural.
Two persons have lost their lives in the past few months after their vehicle collided with a truck on the Nongstoiñ-Shillong highway. Many people have not forgotten the incident that happened on that day, but on the morning of the first day of this month another car accident happened. on the same highway below the recent incident in which five people were seriously injured in the incident.
The Commissioner of Customs Preventive (CCP) conducted the raid on a tip-off that there was a smuggling of a large quantity of gold from the border, which was transported by a vehicle heading to Barpeta.
Jagdish Chelani, IAS (RR: 2018) and former Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Williamnagar has been promoted to the post of Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Tura.
By taking advantage of the lack of use of corn, there could be misappropriation of fortune.
The District Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Dr D.Shylla, said that the CORBEVAX injection should be taken to protect children from the spread of covid-1 Nurse, Kong O.Lywait, who explained about the CORBEVAX Covaxin injection to protect children aged 12-14 years from covid-1 to 19 years old and 6 persons aged 18 years and above who have received the Covidshield injection to protect against covid-1
Of the five persons arrested, two were found to be under 18 years of age.
Shanbormi Suchiang, Elastone L Mawlot and Evermoon Wankhar won the men's category.
This law shall come into force immediately until further notice.
David Roy wrote that the Khasi literature came through the War Amwi language.
Shilling, July 27: Two domestic workers, Miss Menu Karnakar, 18, along with a 15-year-old child, have escaped from the house of their master. They also stole valuables from the house, Smt.
According to Wanshwa Nongtdu, in a meeting with the Head of Forest, Dr Manjunatha and also in a meeting with the Minister of State, Kyrmen Shylla, it was said that The Head of Forest Department, East Jaintia Hills District, has promised to take action to implement this wish of the East Jaintia Hills District. The EJMSEIA said that the East Jaintia Hills District is ready to get a District Forest Office (DFO). On the other hand, Bah Kyrmen Shylla promised to follow up on the request of the Association. to facilitate the residents of the district to apply or submit the necessary documents in relation to minor mining, curshers, petrol depositors. At the same time, the MDA leader, Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu, hoped that the MDA government would take action on this issue. .
Therefore, the people have decided to stop voting in the upcoming elections because they do not want to be deceived by the leaders who promise and play with the problems of the people and to continue to intensify the protests. They demanded that the government should clean up the road.
The BJP Meghalaya has prepared a second letter in the form of RTI and will send it back to the relevant authorities if the party does not receive the RTI. answer you ask.
The KSU Education Cell on this occasion has also met with the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to get more clarification on the issue. which has confused students who want to continue their studies.
“During the operation, we seized 16,907 kilos of Burmese Supari from the truck.
Superintendent Engineer PWD Western Circle Nongstoiñ, Bah James NS Lakiang, regarding the work of the PWD department and the number of roads that have been completed and those to be completed, such as the road from Thaïem. to Mawsyrpat, which is about 12 kilometers away, which has been allocated by the government for the convenience of the people in coming and going, transportation and other daily necessities.
As I mentioned earlier, drugs are a silent war, which can destroy any family, society.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that the death of piglets is not due to swine fever but due to the long distance to reach the state.
The arrested suspect was identified as Seikholen Hoakhit of Chikim, Tengnoupa, Moreh, Chandel, Manipur.
And Sohriew.
Other speakers on the occasion were Cherity D Suja, General Secretary, KSU JHDU, Samla Rueben Najiar, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, and Samla A. Nongkynrih.
Leimow United invites clubs and private teams to participate in this tournament which will be held in Maruti Ball rongsaw and this tournament will be held only on holidays.
To cry now, don't cry out in the wilderness.
In this regard, the HYC strongly warns the foreigners by saying, “You can get NOC from the village, but the HYC does not allow them to come to work in the West.
Shillong, March 29: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today called a meeting with the contractor and manager of the company to discuss the delay in repairing the road from Jingkieng Dam to KHADC. The HNYF said that the company is owned by Raju Basamasutari and its manager is Brightstarwell Marbaniang.
However, all these three bills have been rejected by the State Government and after the Government has examined these bills, it has been found that the KHADC under the Sixth Schedule does not have the authority to pass and approve them. The District Council does not have the legislative competence to pass such bills.
Shillong: East Garo Hills DCA beat Tura DCA by 12 runs in the second round of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament on Saturday.
The protest was witnessed by the employees of government offices who gave their support to express their condolences to the victims of the killings in Mukroh.
"The VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, has asked for clarification to know what the punishment is for the companies that have left the job halfway," said Prestone. The PWD department of the State Government has called the tender and awarded the work but there are a few conditions before signing the work order and one of them is 'if the company ) are unable to work or leave their jobs, the money they have deposited as a security deposit will be lost.
When he arrived in the city, he first went to meet his beloved and trusted friend to help him with the work.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Thangraiñ and these party leaders have expressed their regret and strong condemnation over the Home Minister's misrepresentation of Thangraiñ Village in the Assembly. Shidorki Dkhar, one of the four prisoners who was bombed to death by the crowd, is from Thangraiñ.
The Brisbane National Stadium will also host the Olympic & Paralympic Games in swimming and polo by completing the list of venues that will host 16 events within the distance. on foot one playground from another.
It is terrible to fall into these traps which can never be seen from the beginning, but it is only when those who have been trapped have reached the point where they can no longer hide that they can be seen publicly. .
Their march was also supported by several individuals and groups.
This was after the Synuk led by its president Ma H Nongtdu in the presence of Dr. P Nongtdu and several leaders of the area on Tuesday met with Abhilash Baranwal. IAS, Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat to ask for clarification on the incident as witnessed by the media.
Shillong, October 29: The Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) has called for a four hour curfew in Garo Hills from morning till evening on October
He urged the households that although it is small but as the MLA has given encouragement, the households should accept it and believe that they have done the right thing. He said that although this time the MLA has not been able to provide all the households but he hopes that one day they will get more.
The SP said he has directed the police of various departments on the highway to take strict action against those who violate the rules of traffic.
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today handed over five oxygen cylinders to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh as part of its support to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. help those who are seriously ill and need oxygen.
On the other hand, the Assistant General Secretary of HANM, Bah Luis Dohtdong, in his speech, said that it is unthinkable that the party has reached 12 years. Many of the challenges they have faced but all these have been overcome through the participation and unity of the party members have enabled the party to survive for 12 years.
I would like to congratulate our President Kalyan Chaubey, Treasurer Kipa Ajay and Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Pema Khandu for holding the final round of the Santosh Trophy.
“The KHADC has also approved the issuance of the notice by the Hima Mylliem,” said Bah Pynïaid. “The Refugee Rehabilitation Colony has also been approved under the name Them Rynjah.
There will be no use of plastic bags, digital working methods and no tree planting programme.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that the government's goal is to bring about development works in all parts of the state and the government has already showcased its works to the people across the state. Therefore, there is no need for a syrnot from Himanta but the people are the wisest judges to decide.
Ms Laloo said that as of now, many drivers do not understand the fare announced by the Government in July 2020, and go by the old fare. the office asked the drivers to make arrangements with the DTO over the fare.
The party, which has not been strengthened in the last few years and has no public leader, has welcomed the government's efforts to bring peace and stability in the state in Garo Hills especially social harmony and ANVC and ANVC-B on 24th November, 2014 and urged the Prime Minister to take further measures to restore peace and stability in Garo Hills and Khasi Hills. Hills.
Now, sin and blood have spread, girls no longer respect themselves, their parents and even no longer respect all the elders.
(f) Women shall not be allowed to carry pla-bags.
Police from Phramer who inspected the accident, which collided with a small vehicle, took the driver to Ialong Civil Hospital for medical treatment. The truck was tested positive for COVID-1
Bah Rojet is currently a teacher of traditional music at the Sieng Riti Institute in Wahkhen.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Organizing Secretary of the Seng Samla Malki, Bah Phrangki Kharumnuid, said that the ambulance was intended to take patients to the hospital. he is the car of the organization.
Most of the farmers who attended the rally were from Smit, Sohryngkham, Laitkyrhong, Mylliem, Sadew, Mawngap, Ladmawreng, Mawpynthih and other areas. .
He recalled that there was a law known as the Meghalaya Local Self Governance Bill 2009, followed by the Meghalaya Constitution Act 2009-2010 and the Community Participation Bill The laws have not reached anywhere and have been stalled in the Select Committee.
Recently, the Assam government announced that it will donate T.10 crore to Meghalaya as a gift for the National Games to be held in
An army officer was injured when a powerful improvised explosive device (IED) was detonated by militants.
At the time of writing, 11 people have been arrested.
Nongpoh, July 11: The Kper Sara Village Organisation, which includes 13 SHGs in Umling village, Ri-Bhoi District, today celebrated its two year anniversary. Since its inception in 2022 with the aim of promoting women which is also the goal of the CM and the celebration was held at the Dorbar Hall of Umling.
He said there are two types of petrol tankers – petrol station owners and Transporter Tankers or those who have contracts with oil companies like Indian Oil, Hindustan Petroleum, Bharat Petroleum and others. .
In Commerce, 2184 candidates contested and 1542 candidates passed which is 70.60 percent.
God says if you tag 50gt and trust in him you will not be destroyed if you have 20 gt rh u dag mp if you have another tag 10 gt he will destroy them and throw them with a stick like throwing sodom gm I don't judge others or do anything that offends God. If you have sinned, but you have been washed away by the blood of Jesus, you have forgiven your sins. Time will explain all these things. Don't you believe what you don't see with your own eyes?? Even if you don't see it, I believe that healing comes from God if you man turns away from his wickedness and bows down before God and turns away from Him.
Before she died, the skei blamed herself because she did not understand the leaves of the sohkhia, so the warning says, "Woe to the children who forbid their parents"
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 33104 out of which 24325 have recovered and 524 have died.
Bah Dasakhiatbha also gave an example by saying that since he bought his expensive Lamborghini, many comments have discouraged him, but because it is a courage that he doesn't give up but makes him He urged him to work harder for the safety and security of the state.
The SP said that according to the order of the HYC, the meeting should have ended within 3 pm but it was postponed until 4:45 pm. administrative district.
They are the Dorbar Shnong, Hima and District Councils.
The North East Graduate Congress, Khanapara, started on the 8th June 2023 at the University of Science and Technology, Khanapara. To be able to take part in such a competition which is more important to take part in the development of education and knowledge as well as other activities for the development of the states and India as a whole .
Kohima: The talks between the Indian government and the NSCN-IM have ended today with an agreement on two issues.
CoMSO is ready to work with the government to amend and amend the Rules on how to implement the ILP in the State and at the same time we are also ready to hold strong protests if the government is still working on this issue.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Kyrmen Shylla, General Secretary Shnong Tuber, Puramon Kynjing, Dolloi of Jowai District and Tellme True Phawa, General Secretary of Tuber Village.
The purpose is to cultivate with natural fertilizers such as cow dung, pig dung, chicken dung and so on.
On the other hand, the Seng strongly condemns the bloodthirsty people who dare to commit this crime without any knowledge.
The Government will also launch a youth development program where 10,000 youth will be trained in job skills and develop their skills.
I feel it is my responsibility to ensure that the people have access to resources and do not face such problems," he said.
He said that although his father who is a soldier was not here, but it did not disappoint him when his mother was with him in this examination.
The country belongs to 140 crore people, not to one party.
On the other hand, she vowed to lodge an FIR against the KSU before the Assam police and if they enter Assam, the police will arrest them.
The EJNC also warns all banks, private offices and shops within the EJHD not to write incorrectly the names of villages within the district when writing on signboards or documents. it threatened that if it found any more such articles, it would take disciplinary action according to the rules of the organisation.
He also thanked the staff of the PHC including the doctors who have provided adequate services to the patients and hoped that the people and the village leaders would also give their cooperation for the betterment of the PHC. serve the sick in the area and the Constituency as a whole.
At the same time, Shillong received 14.7 millimeters of rainfall.
Chauhan is employed as a foreman with RK Singh Construction Company and is working on a bridge on the National Highway-217 at Rongdik village, Karukol under Siju. police station.
This in itself is one of the most obvious reasons why the existence of chiefs is contrary to the democratic system.
The celebration of Valentine's Day should remind us that love is great, as St. Valentine revealed.
He also explained that according to the law implemented by the government, women who are eligible for marriage must be 15 years of age and above and men must be 21 years of age and above.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 28: The West Khasi Hills Badminton Association (WKA) has sent a message of congratulations to the Secretary of the Badminton Association, Bah Badonboklang Marweiñ, resident of Ladweitang Nongstoin. The Meghalaya team will qualify for the North East Zone Inter State Badminton Championship 2022, which will be held in Tripura from 6th to 11th November.
Leaders of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) General Secretary Samla Treiborlang Suchen and others told the DC that the area where the KAAC has installed the gate is still within the boundary of the village. Khanduli while the border has not been finalized by the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
“Let's go somewhere else and don't do the same thing,” said the father.
The Behdeinkhlam ceremony started with the Kyntin Khnong ceremony at the Langdoh's residence followed by the Bam Tyngkong ceremony. the Pator, the Sangot, and the Magi.
Speaking to media, the Chief Secretary Prestone said he is pleased that the government has been able to introduce this policy, the first among the states in India.
I'm afraid of the tree of sympathy, I don't want to be clean; Those above me I respect, Especially my mother and father.
Friends in the Lord Jesus, defeat the forces of darkness by unity by starting from our homes, in the Church, in the country and the nation with God in prayer to destroy any scientific tricks. of the wicked.
New Delhi: The Economic Survey 2018-19 of the Government of India, which was submitted to Parliament today, has taken a new approach to bring about better tax payment in the country as a whole. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today held a rally to protest against the rape and murder of a 19-year-old girl in Hathras, Uttar Pradesh. .
Therefore, I request you again with humility not to publish such a religious preaching news, because there is no place to preach religious preaching and also I apologize to you who believe that you should not feel ei For the sake of the Khasi people and also for the unity of the Khasi people, you should do it salonsar so that there will be no religious differences.
To strengthen the faith of the youth, the SACYM concluded the tournament with the laying of the flag by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh together with the Diocesan Youth Director Fr.Jameris Shylla. The 22nd Annual General Meeting of SACYM will be held at St. Dominic Savio's Church, Parish Mawlai in
Jowai: Two persons have lost their lives while 16 others are undergoing treatment after eating wild tit.
In fact, the law should be strict and the MDA Government should look after its own employees before interfering with non-Government teachers.
He said that as the State, it is expected that this issue will be discussed and soon after the elections, there will be good news but we should not be too quick especially as this issue is still in its infancy. eh in the State because there are many mistakes and it is not easy.
“We have spoken to the Assam government which has promised to provide up to Rs 5 lakh out of the total cost of Rs 21 lakh for the trip to Las Vegas.
“When I saw a man turning towards me, I shouted stop.
I am pleased to see that they really have that strong spirit to achieve that development in our country and nation, but I have to say that without this organization from the north we cannot develop it. income, economic development in our country and nation.
It may also be recalled that last year the area suffered from floods.
He said the Government should not accept the demand of the tenants.
“My husband is a strong man, a hard working man, although he is not a rich man, but he is a man of low spirit.
The three cricketers from Meghalaya who have been selected by the Zonal Selection Committee for the NorthEast team include Debasmita Dutta (tied and spin), Ajima Sangma (fast bowler). bowler) and Monica Lyngdoh Phawa (wicketkeeper).
To explain that if people get addicted to these drinks, it can also cause instability, instability in walking, and affecting health which is a great asset in human life.
“It is clear that Mukul Sangma has deceived them just to sign with a false promise,” he said.
The wise man glorieth in his wisdom, and the rich man glorieth in his riches, and the mighty man in his pride.
His passing away is a great loss to the society as he has contributed greatly to the development in many fields.
Shri.Robi Suchiang (Headmaster of Umstain Village)
This traffic jam is one of the issues that the residents of the state almost every day are angry and thnum against the government by accusing the government but all these have ended in four lyer.
“We have almost completed the preparation of the report and we have scheduled to hold a meeting before submitting the report to the High Level Committee,” said the Director of Arts and Culture, Matsiewdor. to the reporters.
One of his poems entitled “Ha ka Aiom Mihpat” is in the form of a satire or myth, which is a satire of the political situation in our state.
When asked how many Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) personnel will be needed for the Lok Sabha elections in the state, Tiwari said he could not say.
The accused have been smuggling heroin in Punjab and other parts of the country since 2010-2011, police said.
Referring to the Ampati project, which was laid the foundation stone by the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul said the MDA government has disrespected the Prime Minister as the stadium has not been completed yet.
Some of the points I would like to mention – A GOD-FEARING HEART :-Conclusion:-The most important thing is to try to see ourselves individually as before God who sees everything, knows everything, la do we have the courage to be able to truly fight against OBEDIENCE TO DO ANYTHING THAT WILL AFFECT GOD'S WILL and to have the courage to DARE TO SAY NO TO SIN , TO DESTROY THE BEHAVIOR OF HOLINESS and to maintain a life of determination NOT TO WALK IN YOUR OWN OWN DECISION and by these qualities which can reveal a HEART THAT FEARS GOD.
Therefore, Jesus' death on the cross was indeed good to save people from their sins.
The employee died shortly afterwards and the investigation is ongoing.
The reporter went to meet the boy at his residence, but when he reached his house, his sister said that he was playing with his childhood friends. he told his brothers and sisters and after about 15 minutes he came.
Leaders of FKJGP Lai Lyngdoh Unit together with Bah George Kharbani Headman of Nonglwai II Village, together with several elders accompanied by leaders of FKJGP West Khasi Hills, today visited the The contractor has completed the cleaning of the road from Nongkhlaw to Nonglwai II, while the remaining part of the road is still rough. very bad.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the five new cases are from East Khasi Hills 3 and Ri Bhoi
The incident came after ISIS carried out its terrorist attacks in the Middle East in which it beheaded hundreds of people in the Syrian city of Palmyra.
The arrested persons were brought before the Court on the same day and the Police also requested the Court to remand them in custody for further investigation. detailed.
However, Kharlukhi said the party will take a decision on the candidate for the Shillong parliamentary seat.
“There is an ambulance at this hospital, but there is no equipment in the vehicle such as oxygen equipment to help the patients on the road when they are in critical condition,” said the KSU. There is only one employee and the people are facing difficulties in getting medicine from this PHC. Furthermore, the KSU after talking to the doctor expressed its surprise that many of the residents of the area are afraid even to come for injection. There is no need to take medicines from this hospital and the people have lost many of the benefits of the assistance provided by the government.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has given up to 7 days to submit its replies to the operators of the revenue collection gates of the council which was closed on Tuesday by the authorities. district of Ri-Bhoi.
We have been in detailed discussions with the telecom wing of Powergrid and we have now proceeded to install optical fiber cables across the state through all the blocks.
In Ri Bhoi district, there are 23 cases, of which 21 cases are high risk contacts and two cases are health workers.
At that time, when the Northeast Christian Council was preparing to open a new college in Ri Bhoi called the Union Christian College at Khwan.
Nongpoh, June 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle (KSU) has called for lights outages in Ri-Bhoi District. The EE of MePDCL, Nongpoh Division has met with the EE of MePDCL, Nongpoh Division to find out the reason for the light outage and do whatever he wants without informing the public. district.
In relation to the Citizenship Act, it is clearly stated in the provisions of the Citizenship Act
The Congress leader said the people should know whether the central government has received or not the file that the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has passed the decision to lift the coal ban. to pass the Coal Nationalization Act
“It is a mistake from the DC's office, if I reveal the facts I don't know what will happen to him,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
He joined St. Edmund's College in 1964 and retired as Head, Khasi Department on 31st March 1976 but was ordered to continue in his post until
"In order to empower and assist teachers to further develop their skills, Lenovo is supporting the Meghshala Trust with its vision in terms of education for a better world. good.
If four or five Congress leaders join the BJP, it is certain that the Congress will no longer get the majority to hold power. If the BJP wins the special elections from their constituencies, the government will inevitably be led by the BJP and other ethnic parties.
Shillong, Nailar 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the new office of the Williamnagar Municipal Cum Market Complex at Soil Bazar, Williamnagar.
This situation never gave satisfaction.
One is the lack of food and drink.
However, Sirajul Gaq said he was not afraid of death because his life and death were in the hands of Allah.
This time, the examination will be held according to the time-table.
The recently renovated parts of the department include the installation of 6 more beds, a preparatory area for the nurses of the Emergency & Trauma unit, a Consultation Room, new cupboards and chairs. The rooms have been painted, cleaned with tiles, new wiring, as well as modern rooms, along with a place to wait for the patients.
In the women's category, Jevera Nongkynrih, Alisha Dora Syiem came second and Airikmen Kurkang came fourth.
Furthermore, Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh said that through these treatments, it has helped many to come forward to understand their health status.
At the same time, the funeral service of Bah AN Diengdoh will be held on 17.12.2022 at 1 pm.
Kong Myrthong, one of the first Khasi women to climb to the top of Mount Everest.
Out of 4994 students, 254 students who study abroad receive this scholarship from the government while 4740 students are students studying in various schools and colleges in the state and elsewhere. read.
The Party has directed all its supporters to come to the party office in Laitkor, but those who cannot come to the office can wait near All India radio to accompany the candidate.
There is also a suspicion from the department that there may be many wealthy people in the state who have hidden their hidden money in this form by going anywhere.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, Mahanta said the state will implement stricter rules such as closing shops early from 1 pm onwards. ju long mynshwa, at 2 o'clock in the morning; However, this is not yet a decision, but a suggestion.
Laitkroh MDC Carmel Sohtun strongly opposed the KHADC's passage of the Bill during the dorbar.
Dr. H. Sangma Medical Officer Ranikor said that the purpose of the fair is to raise awareness among the people about many of the schemes that the government has introduced for the benefit of the people. They receive good and adequate health care free of charge.
East Jaintia Hills borders with the Barak Valley of Assam and there is no railway station at Silchar.
After a while, while the union was searching for other places supplying these beverages, the village leaders of Mawprem Upper came to support the search.
The case was registered by WP Sub-Inspector Romaya C. Nongkynrih of Laban Police Station.
Jesus urged us to pray.
MPCC President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, HDR Lyngdoh, former Minister of State, Mayraldborn Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Charles Marngar. Mawhati MDC Rocky Marwein, Congress leaders from different constituencies and the people.
The use of sound equipment is prohibited between 10:00 pm and 6:00 pm.
Regarding this issue, the leaders of the coal traders' union recently met with the Chief Secretary of the state, Bah PBO Warjri, the new Chairman of the National Green Tribunal Committee, to submit a petition and lodge a complaint. to this problem that arises.
Adelbert Nongrum Working President and former CEM of KHADC who is also the MDC of Jaiaw said that KHNAM will not be happy with the number of people but will continue to work on the basis of the KHNAM. leaders who have the foundation.
The festival was organized in collaboration with the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum (MRTF) at Lukha Umpasu River.
The Pastor said that the Church is now on the verge of losing the glory of the Lord because we are living in days of trouble and sorrow, the spread of evil which has begun even in the homes of Christians and has spread. society and even in the churches.
In the afternoon, Meghalaya improved its turnover, but continued to struggle to increase its runs and thus saw a strong friendship between Shavian and Avinash Rai. scored 84 runs for the fifth wicket.
Jowai, Lber 03: The 22nd KJP Synod Mihngi Youth Service, which was held at Moolang Presbyterian Church, Rymbai Presbytery, which started on the 1st of October, has come to an end today. Lber, 2024 on the theme “Godly Life in Today's World”.
It is to be recalled that in addition to this announcement, the RBYF last month, on Friday and Thursday nights, had called for a night curfew on these two nights, which caused damage to several people. Many vehicles were parked on the highway from Khanapara to Umiam to Shillong By Pass, where some vehicles were hit by petrol bombs. good for this organization.
Hek also spoke about LSD which affects cows and said that this has been controlled. He said that there is LSD in Pynthorumkhrah, which is his constituency, but This information you receive is from outsiders and not from inside this area.
The purpose of this competition is to raise awareness among the public to prevent and fight against AIDS.
The statement said that during the visit of the students of CMJ University to the regional office of the UGC, the employees of that office gave an unfounded reply in which they said that they do not They cannot do anything about the incidents at CMJ University, because they don't have the power and only from Delhi they can do anything about it.
He said the government has given permission to the Deputy Commissioners to share information from time to time among themselves before bringing in development projects.
“Just because you feel that the past was wrong, you shouldn't punish the Khasi youth who are stupid and have nothing to do with the past but who only want to get their rights in government jobs. ", said the KSU in a statement.
However, he could not help but express his feelings, “I don't like it since they did that to our house and I don't even want to see him.
" “NEST (I) with the resources and expertise will be able to achieve this objective.
With the help of the Movement For Change, the family members of the victim went to Phramer Traffic Cell on
At present, the world is still in the midst of the outbreak of the disease, in which some countries, especially European countries, once again have to impose a lockdown in In order to prevent the spread of the disease, during celebrations such as Christmas or New Year, it is prohibited to gather too many people, and Similar measures have been implemented in several states in India, such as Delhi, Maharashtra, Karnataka, which have begun to report another outbreak. South Africa OMICRON.
When the police went to verify the Subscriber Detail Records (SDR) of these SIM cards, all the addresses and names were false and said they were from other places like Dimapur. lane and Imphal.
Besides, when inquired from many of the residents who lease their forests to rnga traders, the main reason they said is that it is the poverty that causes them to lease their forests to rnga traders. you are a merchant.
After the election, they don't care much about the people but they collect thousands of dollars and look forward to making money while they are still leaders of the people.
“You shall all be saved, if you surrender yourselves, but those who persecute you shall be saved”.
At present, the two wheelers are still operating illegally without registering with the Transport Department of the State Government.
They were taken to the High Court today and ordered to remain under police custody for five days.
They left only the hill areas of the Hima Jaintiapur to be ruled by Syiem Rajendra Singh and he did not work with the British and made the whole Hima Jaintiapur a British Area.
U Bah Michel in the police investigation has already confessed to his involvement in the rape and murder of these children in the past months.
The meeting unanimously decided to establish the All Meghalaya School's Parents Association and elected various office bearers. Banshai Marbaniang was elected as the new President.
For we are not worthy of this tribulation.
What this reporter found out this morning is that there were many people who came to break the garbage in the area by bringing a car and a shaka.
On the other hand, Babu KK Lynser President of the Union, said that such tournaments should be held from time to time, to encourage the youth in sports.
The court has fixed the hearing of the case for July
Referring to the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Rakkam said, “I congratulate those who won as MPs.
Orwell wrote in his book Animal Farm, "All men are equal, but some are more equal than others.
The Israelites received him and bowed down to him as a sign of honor.
Shillong: The NPP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has criticized the NPP on social media especially from the supporters of the Voice of the People Party (VPP). right to decide on politics.
It also directed the DGP to inform the High Court on the matter when the hearing is held on 3rd November,
On the other hand, the President of Ri-Bhoi District, Banalis Syiem and the President of the All Jaintia Mid-Day Meal Workers Union, Jerry Anderson Suting, in their speeches, explained the duties of the day meal workers in schools. The meeting was concluded with prayer and thanksgiving by Bah Charles Shongwan.
On the other hand, the factory alleged that there are only a few opponents and those who intend to confuse with foreigners.
“If it works, only 10 months have passed,” he said. He said that the coal companies have already passed their law for more than a year, but because the state government is one, from the stakeholders, so the NGT, could never take a decision.
Shillong, Nailur, 08: The Electricity Department of the State Government has taken a difficult decision to reduce the losses in the Aggregate Technical and Commercial (AT&C).
“We want good works to come out of this village to bring about change in the state especially the work of the Mawkhar Women's Wing,” said Dr Mukul.
The road we are talking about here is the Shillong – Dawki highway which has been reported from time to time by landslides especially in the Rngaiñ area.
According to the statement of the two men, they bought these explosives from Pranai Kumar Purkayasha of Jalaphet Pyrdung village and after a while police arrested him.
They said that the KHADC should take seriously this issue to remove the Syiem because if it is delayed it will cause serious problems to the Hima as a whole. There will be anger from the people of the area and there will be conflict and if this happens, the District Council will have to take responsibility.
The price of science books including Physics, Chemistry, Biology from textbooks and practicals has reached T.
Besides Psiar, Khatkasla and Moolber, other villages that have benefited from the two ambulances include Apkhla, Kyanmynsar, Tongkiad, Priang, Umdilien, Saphai and Awthymme.
At the same time, he said that according to the year 2011-12, the estimated Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) for 2015-16 was T.27,304 crore out of the GSDP of T.30,034 crore. in the year 2016-1
These construction of houses and shops have not received permission from the Shillong Municipality or other government authorities.
The lack of attention of the authorities to look after the welfare of the people is the main reason for this struggle of the indigenous people.
Rahul Gandhi will deliver his speech at the rally while the party's MP candidate Vincent H Pala will be present.
He said that the impact on income due to smuggling is because the government wants smuggling to continue in the state for their own benefit and urged them to The leaders of the state should not speak without investigating any matter and if they speak, they should not be responsible.
Jong see I first ?.
Proverbs 17:1 Better is a dinner of herbs where there is quietness, than a house full of feasting with strife.
This is after the Prime Minister had scheduled to meet with these church leaders today to discuss the decision of the central government to reopen the place of worship, but today he postponed. suddenly the meeting.
Jowai, November 09: Lion Sports & Youth Affairs, with the aim of promoting the talents of young talented youth in the field of music, this year has organized the Rokustica Unplugged Music Competition 2022.
It will start in Jowai on 6.8.2019, Mairang on 9.8.2019, Thangsning on 10.8.2019, Pynursla on 12.8.2019, Nongpoh on 13.8.2019, Amlarem on 2 .2019, Shella on 20.8.2019, Sohra on 22.8.2019, Mawkyrwat on 23.8.2019, in Mawsynram on 29.8.2019, in William 9, in Ampati on 6.9.2019, in Tura on 7.9.2019 and in Shillong on
However, according to the affidavit written by Bah Warjri, on November 21, 2015, there was a directive to set up a Task Force Committee to look after the minorities or groups. rit paid in this state.
There are two pools in the tournament, in Pool A they include Sabahmuswang, Mookyndur, Demthring SC, Mukhla Evergreen, Moosyiem Shangpung and Nangbah Ïawmusiang while in Pool B they include Sohmynting, Khlieh-iongriang, Wahiajer, Bed, Tuber Rope SW and Together.
He said that these Bangladeshis had done this in front of the BSF troops but they did not do anything.
On the other hand, it is learned that the 16 members of the PDF, including the CEM, have given their confidence to Bah PN Syiem to continue as leader despite being expelled from the party until three years.
“The party office bearers have worked hard to spread the message that only the BJP rule will bring about development in Meghalaya,” he said. can be requested from the Central Government for the benefit of the State.
Both the sides agreed that the best site for the construction of the check dam is at Chahtngit which falls under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong.
At this public hearing, up to 15 people gave speeches and up to 19 petitions were received, which gave their support along with the rules, in which they said that if the electricity department does not One of the most important rules has been set by the villages near the project which have been demanded by the authorities. They said that their villages will also be severely affected by the implementation of the project.
Goyal said the smart meter has been manufactured by companies in India and has been tested in the laboratory.
At the same time, the union also demanded to have a Health Sub-Center at Mawmarin and Shyrkon 'A' as the population is sufficient according to the demand of the Government to have such health centres.
Dr. D Momin, M&HO, Ri-Bhoi District, Dr. D Momin, M&HO, Ri-Bhoi District, Bah PS Muktieh, SMI, and Mrs. M Sukhalin, Co-Coordinator, Futures Group India Pvt.
In this letter, the M.P.O together with the residents of the village expresses their strong opposition to the Chief Minister of the state to hand over the fish pond to the state of Assam and also the village will not accept at all. The name of the village is Mawmari Bell.
Looking at the pandemic, we have never seen such a government reminding the people what they need to do during this time of crisis which has been the main reason for the re-imposition of the curfew. .
According to police, in June 2022, the suspect was involved in the illegal kidnapping of the village chief of Laukxim, Kanubari. u to fight against the organization’s directives.
They grow this plant mainly for the oil they can get from its seed; but they also plant it for the seed which they eat, as all the beasts eat.
He said weapons including pistols, bakhor, bullets, AKs and documents were recovered from the scene.
This incident will affect the employment opportunities and the education allocation of the youth of the state which they cannot accept. The Ministry of Agriculture has clarified what is the “General Category” and what is the Open Category.
He said it is impossible to eradicate insurgency if the people do not cooperate.
Therefore, there is no question whether to allocate land to Assam, the government should consider its policy to allocate land to Meghalaya, while other states may be different.
We have also directed the team to follow the guidelines of the Indian Embassy in Sudan.
The meeting was held at the Infinity Conference Hall, Mooralong, Jowai.
The Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of PHE will meet with the Chairman of Kamrup tomorrow. on this part in Guwahati.
Another anger of the members of the party is that these nine Bangladeshis have seized up to 30 I.D cards, which show that they are Indian citizens and these cards have been stolen. They had stolen duplicate I.D.cards, while in fact they claimed to be Bangladeshis who wanted to go to Ladrymbai.
This was announced by the General Secretary, Bah RL Blah.
He said that the Open Category is for all Meghalayans including the Scheduled Tribes of the State and most of the time many Khasi are included in this category which opens the door for others. other Khasi brothers to be included in the Khasi-Jaintia list.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Balang, Tymmen Basan, Pastors and the faithful attended the ceremony.
The Common Platform was held by the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang.
Police in Dibrugarh on the 4th of this month arrested an accountant of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) for her involvement in the theft of money from the 'Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) The accountant was identified as Dhanti Gogoi Saikia, who works at the SSA headquarters in Dibrugarh.
Conrad urged the newspaper not to publish such news just to spread rumors about the Government, which is wrong.
After talking to the civil society, the CEM promised to visit the Umiam River to find out the truth and see the condition of the river due to the quarrying by the companies.
Dr Mukul said that the Government which has completely changed the policies of the MUA Government led by the Congress Party has already failed.
Speech was also delivered by the Chairman of the Wangala Committee, Ronald Rikman Sangma who explained the importance of this festival for the Garo people and the need to promote it.
In a statement issued by Ghosally Marweiñ, president of HLOA, it said that there are also places where the line of the road is nearby and the ground can collapse so the electric posts can collapse if necessary. during a storm.
The BJP has come to this state with a bad intention.
The children of knowledge should flow like water from the cart to distribute to the streams to form a river.
This dream has come true with the love of the people and the blessing of God.
Mewanshngaiñ Ryntathiang scored the second goal for Phila Rapsang in the 63rd minute, but 10 minutes later Yohaan Benjabin converted for H. Elias.
In 1979-80, the Deputy Chief Minister (Home) urged the Non-Tribal Indians to assist the Government in identifying the Bars. illegal immigrants who have infiltrated the state to maintain peace and order and warned not to harbor foreigners (from Bangladesh, Nepal and others).
Shillong: All India Mahila Congress (AIMC) leader Sushmita Dev has accused NPP leader Conrad K Sangma of betraying the people of Meghalaya by joining the BJP. He also accused BJP President Amit Shah of being the king of illegal money to buy the people of Meghalaya.
According to interviews with jhur traders, about 15 tonnes of jhur from Iewduh alone is exported daily and sohsaw is also exported to Bangladesh and neighboring states.
These MDCs include four from the UDP and four from the Congress.
Speaking to Rupang, the Pastor said the MP's statement that the construction of the road is for the sake of development, “Whose development are you talking about? If uranium mining is the growth of whom? If the Ministry of Road Transport and Highway (MoRTH) makes it clear that the construction of the road is for the development of the area, we welcome that but it is clearly written in the letter that it is for the sake of “If you want to stop the mining of uranium, we will continue to oppose the mining of uranium.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Leonard Arun Mawrie, President, urged the children of the Kur Mawrie to walk in life with dignity.
“Why is the government slow to provide assistance for so long?” said the farmers.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Friday said that it is not easy for the Government authorities to completely ban the illegal mining and trade of coal. fluently.
Jerina M Mawlong scored in the 51st minute and Aitibha Thabah in the 56th minute.
College and his teaching job there is contracted and he has been teaching for a long time but now he has been appointed as a teacher at the College Teachers of Education, Tura.
Regarding the campaign for the MDC elections, it was said that the Election Department of the state government will allow the campaign to start from the 13th of this month.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84849 out of which 83292 have recovered and 1484 have died.
The only way to reopen the mining industry is if the miners or owners of the mines have a license from the government to operate in this field. currently neither mine merchants nor mine owners have received their license to engage in the activity.
He said that many jobs remain to be done, but he promised that if he wins this election he will continue to monitor the work of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
This was introduced in the Act 2019 by the BJP government. The BJP is concerned for the welfare of the tribals and therefore has introduced provisions which have been exempted from this Act.
On the same day, police have arrested the suspect and he is now under investigation.
What is the opinion of Bah AL Hek to allege that Meghalaya is facing problems in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare due to the lack of skilled staff? How can they blame and blame when the Department has failed due to the lack of security measures? Isn't it the Government or the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare who have been stingy since the beginning of the second wave? All the States in India are fighting as hard as they can against COVID-1 to prevent the spread of the disease and to help those who have contracted the disease to recover so as to avoid the loss of precious lives.
Linda said in surprise. “Biang kein, I want to invite you to come to my house.
On 19th June 2020, there were only 10,554 cases, but on 5th July 2020, there were 25,000 cases or an estimated 1,198 cases between 28th June and on July 3, 2020, except on July 1, 2020, when there were 1,000 cases per day.
The rice which should have been distributed to the poor through the Social Welfare Department has been sold to other states from the market in Assam.
They said that the film is very thought provoking on the basis of the important role of women in society today.
They are (1) the legislature (2) the Executive Government (3) the Judiciary.
After the meeting, the MDA leaders went to the residence of the leader, where they paid tribute by laying flowers at his coffin.
Police from Pynursla Police Station took the body and took it to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
So we will read this blueprint first, then we will talk to our people and take a decision and after that we will come back to the government,” he said.
Heavy clashes and bloodshed have occurred in Manipur since the 3rd of this month.
The NEP 2020 stipulates that education in schools should be in the mother tongue or in the original language and this should be up to Class 5, or up to Class 5 Class 8.
He denied that there has been a reduction in funds but said that the central government will allocate more funds for this area.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: Six days after the inauguration of the Central Agriculture University at Umiam, today the Union Minister of Agriculture, Radha Mahan Singh, along with others. Government officials have visited Dewlieh, Umsning, Ri Bhoi District to meet with the agricultural people of this area.
“We have sent the letter today,” said Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chairperson of the Committee on Power Empowerment.
On the other hand, Bah S.Lyngdoh urged the government to expedite the construction of a new school building for the school especially so that the students and teachers of the school can except for the danger that passes through the school building which has collapsed and which can collapse at any time which can lead to tragic incidents.
Not only now, but earlier, there has been the production of rakhi jewelry with the images of Narendra Modi, Vijay Rupani and Yogi Adityanath.
hahaha politics already.
The victim was identified as Tangsi K Sangma, resident of Lejadubi, West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today launched the second Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS-II) for the Pynthorumkhrah constituency at a meeting held today. First concert at Golflink Community Hall, Shillong.
AMLAREM: Kudengrim, a village in Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills District, will become one of the villages to attract tourists from all over the world.
And that we must remember to hold on to our dignity, in our walk, in our language, to respect our race, to show to the world that we are a nation that knows man and knows God", said Mr. Blah.
Terms and conditions for registering on the E-Shram portal:.
Looking at the match, Lajong started the match well but couldn't create the chances they had.
Speakers on the occasion included Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Kong RM Kurbah and others, who expressed their condolences on the passing away of Dr. John Sailo Ryntathiang. COVID-19 until his death.
The first goal was scored by the captain of RUFC after he took the ball to the right before passing the ball to Aenam.
The village authorities also alleged that these Kang groups were also involved in the robbery of a truck parked near the highway.
The government has banned the import of fish from abroad for 15 days from the 8th to the 23rd of this month after finding that the fish were contaminated with formalin. to public health.
The Joint Committee of KSU Saphai Unit, Priang Unit, Iooksi Unit and Umsalait Unit will honor the students who passed well in various examinations of the year 2021 on the 22nd of this month at Iooksi Iapkhla.
Meanwhile, our revenue has increased from T.1700 crore in 2018 to nearly T.4700 crore, which is almost threefold in the last three years.
It is understood that the reason why the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District visited the market was after yesterday the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and other officials from the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Assam, they came to open new shops inside the market, which is located in Umlaper village and which they named 'Umlapher Bazaar' and those who affect the peace and order in the market.
"Before the end of the rally, it was witnessed that candles were burnt around the statue of Don Bosco in Laitumkhrah and on the walls of St. Anthony's LP School and on the footpaths adjacent to it. place.
He said that the basis of the case is strong because it has followed exactly the rules of the laws relating to the election process and the nomination of MLAs. The MDA-I government through the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma has inaugurated the new building of the Sibsingh Memorial Government Higher Secondary School, but it has not yet been used.
The meeting was attended by Dy.CEM Lasky Rymbai, Wining Garland Sungoh, Phasmoon Dkhar, MDC appointed Octomewat Lamin and other members of the ruling committee.
Jowai, Nailur 9: The Dorbar Shnong Khanduli today lodged a complaint with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District regarding the demand of the Karbi people from the Assam government to set up a police outpost in Khanduli.
The FKJGP has decided not to recognize Brosenly as a member and is not responsible if anything happens to him. he.
They urged the Congress members in WKH to work hard for the people through the Congress party to win the elections.
These programs will include cooking competitions and other rich traditions of the state and to organize the program will be Gordon Thabah and Abigail Pamei. Suchiang, Nambie Marak, Tanisha Phanbuh, Uttam Thangkhiew, and Adonijah Lyngdoh.
Shillong: Bhutan beat Meghalaya 3-0 in the U-17 Girls FIFA friendly tournament organized by the Meghalaya Football Association in collaboration with the Meghalaya Sports Department today. JN Stadium, Shillong.
The program was conducted by PD Sangma ADC and In-charge Deputy Commissioner West Khasi Hills District.
The unemployment rate was highest in Haryana at 23.4 per cent, followed by Rajasthan at 18.9 per cent.
Before this goal, Mookyndur missed a penalty in the first minute of the match and Khliehiongriang goalkeeper Rimi Dkhar, who won the best goal keeper award, failed to save the ball.
Similarly, after the establishment of a new government in the state, the first Council to be elected will be the KHADC. but there will always be a push for the EM chair, said sources who did not want to be named.
The JSU Sengkmie appeals to all the people of Hynniewtrep and all the friends of the Sengbhalang and political parties to unite and demand that the state government should take immediate action to talk to the JSU. The Central Government to implement the ILP which the people of Hynniewtrep have been waiting for a long time.
In a statement, NESO, a group of students from the North East including the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Paul (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU). Those who have been involved in opposing the Bill from various people's leaders and political parties in India who have joined in the protest.
In addition, it was found that the government does not provide adequate training to the scheme beneficiaries, how to build ponds, how much water, what kind of food should be used for farming and that they fish to grow rapidly to increase the income of the farmers.
It is a fact that the Assam government has long set up a clean Police Outpost at Langhpih opposite the Langpih market but to the east.
KHNAM today also spoke on the illegal entry of foreigners into the state, the deterioration of law and order, the opposition to uranium mining, the work of the KHADC. ) and to introduce a ban on political parties in the district council, to appoint a boundary commission to resolve the border disputes between Meghalaya and Assam.
At the same time, the Committee has recommended to conduct a drone survey and ring video in four districts after the transportation of the counted coal back to the depots, in order to find out the amount of coal. The newly mined coal in these Districts, if found to be confiscated under the MMDR Act, 1957 and sold, the proceeds shall be deposited in the Government budget and The Committee has decided to issue a directive to the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District to complete an investigation into the discovery of new coal at Don Bosco College. 2023) so that if anyone is found involved in this case, they will be punished according to the law.
The states that Meghalaya will have to face include Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Assam, Andhra Pradesh, Bengal and Railways.
A total of 8,726 people have been discharged from hospitals and 5,281 are still undergoing treatment, while the death toll has risen to 22 in Assam.
He said that if the disease enters the area, the first thing to do is the people who will suffer as seen on the Ribhoi border.
Jowai, June 26: Star Cement Meghalaya Limited (SCML) on Saturday planted 7600 trees.
How much more, they will turn our Jaintia area into a business hub so that they can benefit themselves if in 2023 they can still be our leaders, because of the fact that these Jaintia politicians are ours. They do not lead us to bring about the development of the area as a whole but they lead for the benefit of themselves and their families together with the officials closest to them, while the public and The households are suffering in all areas from the unemployment of the educated youth to the basic necessities on a daily basis.
Speaking as a writer on the occasion of the launch of this collection of poems, the writer said that at first he wrote only two or three poems and sent them to his friends but they praised him. It was interesting and encouraging to him , so he tried to write and in just 20 days he was able to write 116 books and now he said that there are about 60 books he has already written and intends to publish them in the second volume.
Born in Pithoragarh district of Uttar Pradesh, he joined the UP Judicial Service in 1976 and held many positions.
AIS Suja It is surprising how Meghalaya has got its own state without a proper border since 1970-72, and until now there is no proper border. the foolishness of our fathers? Neither the previous rulers who have accepted the state without confirming that border or the border stone has caused such a conflict.
Shillong: The State Government, in a meeting held today, has decided to appoint an Expert Agency to investigate and find out the truth about the allegation that there is no erbih in the area. Uranium mine in Domiasiat West Khasi Hills District.
Matthew 7:21 “Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven” Amen.
You must not trust him.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Paul said that the decision of the people in the MLA election 2023 should be respected because the NPP has won 26 MLAs and for that reason it will be able to lead the government. The UDP has also won 11 MLAs so when you judge the result you have to judge in its parts.
The GST is calculated as a percentage.
When they say they are hungry he takes them home.
The Seng sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased and also expresses its solidarity with the residents of Mukroh who have suffered this tragic incident.
Mukesh Singh SP of West Garo Hills said that police had received information about the presence of GNLA workers and supporters in the town and immediately conducted a search operation. The driver of an auto who is also an employee of the union was arrested at 12 o'clock this morning.
The UDP Secretary said that the MBOSE's issuance of the order was a hasty decision without proper consideration.
In the pre quarter final, Mulang Ialong beat Lutituber Ialong 2-0
Acting Finance Minister Piyush Goyal has said that all the money in Swiss Bank is not stolen money. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had promised earlier to bring back all the stolen money abroad, has now said that there is no stolen money in Swiss banks.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Out of the 101 schools approved by the government in East Khasi Hills, only 44 have been approved, the Minister of State for Education, Deborah Marak, today said. government.
Explaining on the policy, JACAMFU leader Bah Shangpliang said that the policy on agriculture or the law to benefit the farmers is the main issue of the party which has submitted a petition to the government. Mukul Sangma, but due to the government's negligence and unfairness, the party cannot refuse to go to the people to ask for their support and to explain the law and to ask for their support and to hold a large rally in Shillong to listen to the government.
He was also alleged to have sold the land of the Hima to other government departments including the Ministry of Health, Ministry of Tourism, Ministry of Agriculture and others.
In the past few days, there has been a demand from some civil society groups to have a Khasi Chief Minister after the release of the election results. encourage the ethnic parties to unite to form a government.
There have been many incidents that have arisen just because of rumors.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Malli SC beat Young Guns CC by 137 runs in the Shillong Cricket League 1st Division on Saturday. sun.
On this occasion, the Leader of the MPGF, Bah Marbud Dkhar, who was the chief guest, said, “The beautiful thing is that the youth of the village are very interested in the work of the village. especially in sports and in these ways the youth can be united through team work and understanding and also to improve their skills along with health.
In response, the members of these organizations told the state police to go to Mukroh to be shot by the Assam police.
The main reason why any variety of rice deteriorates after many years is perhaps that this disease increases by the fact that farmers often choose small rice to plant seeds.
Rimpu also alleged that Ajaju's allegations are baseless and only an allegation to destroy the peace process.
The State BJP Mahila Morcha, Meghalaya has expressed its deep sorrow over the murder of Priskila Suchiang (45 years old) at Donaskur village, Narpuh District on the 11th of this month. date of this month.
They explained that through the new methods and techniques they have discovered in the research through ICAR, they have to explain to the community and if the community, they have been able to follow the training. They have received, it will help a lot to improve the income in those villages which still need a lot of assistance, to improve the income, the income.
He said that last year, the department received T.80 crore from the same scheme.
The new resolution also includes further restrictions on the public advertising or marketing of these beverages in school premises".
He said that when he asked who had withdrawn his money and when he sent to show the withdrawal slips and the signature from the post master, he said that Mawlieh has ordered him to go to Shillong, because all the documents have been sent to Shillong. “I have already gone to Shillong for three days. They refused to give me or show me who took my money and ordered me to write another letter of complaint.
“The BJP has lost because the ECI, ED and CBI have become departments or executive members of the BJP,” Acharya told reporters.
The death toll is from EKH: 02, WKH: 02 and RBD:
Earlier, speaking to reporters, Opposition MLA James K Sangma said the reason for the NOM is because the Lamphang has not given enough time. to discuss the issues of the state in the Legislative Assembly within a short period of time.
He said that the HYC has also sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government to explain the reasons why the children of Niam Tynrai should get the recognition as members of the HYC. small paid religious group.
Many people will get sick just because they are confused about whether the disease is this flu or any other seasonal flu and cold.
Shillong: The Foreign Chamber of Commerce Meghalaya (FTCCM), the largest and oldest association of exporters at the Dawki LCS, has announced that it will stop exporting goods to Bangladesh. Through the Dawki LCS as a sign of respect to all the drivers, managers, bill boys, employees of various departments who are at this market to have the opportunity to go home. they are preparing for Christmas.
The elected office bearers include President Bah Evandul Marbaniang, Vice President Rijied Rynjah, Secretary Thrangbor Sawian, Assistant Secretary Ribilto Syiemlieh, Finance Secretary D. Disiar, Assistant Finance Secretary R Kharmyndai, Organizing J Massar, Discipline D Nongrum, Sports Secretary Teibok Lyngdoh and Publicity Secretary Bah Nevelshal were also elected as seven executive members.
SGH scored 116/10, Griksil G Marak (41) and Sunbirth M Sangma (13) scored 116/1
Referring to the Congress party, although it has not yet announced its candidate, it is understood that it will have to nominate Bah Vincent H. Pala who is the incumbent MP for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat as it does not have another candidate. He will replace Bah Pala especially after the defection of 12 Congress MLAs to the Trinamool Congress ahead of the 2023 Assembly elections.
Jio users can register for PUBG Lite and get free skins for their game, merchandise.
Since the HNLC came into being in Meghalaya, the Police have worked tirelessly.
The area where many factories are located is not easy to live in areas where there are no factories.
It is surprising that Mawdulop village, which has been in existence for hundreds of years, has not yet received a colored road, even after the state has reached its 50th anniversary.
He also called upon the people to elect leaders who choose the right to serve and not those who are greedy for money.
It is also said that those who died in the battle did not die at all, but retained their souls.
Rajasthan have won twice in the group which includes former champions West Bengal, Kerala and Punjab.
There are eight MLAs in the KHADC while Stephenson Mukhim in the JHADC.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills Unit (KSU Jaintia Hills) has confirmed its leaders and full members today. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has been sworn in by the President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lambokstarwell Marngar.
Taliban militants have broken into a house in Afghanistan's Takhar province and abducted the young daughter of the household. yes you forced just.
“Rev John M Moore was born on September 1, 1925 in Kirkintilloch, Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
This was revealed after a Village Organisation, known as the Iatreilang Village Organization, which includes 10 Self Help Groups (SHGs) working in various fields, distributed the tree seedlings that had been removed from the forests. bad die turned back.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: A young woman from Iaiong village, Jaintia Hills has been missing for four months.
This is a challenge for the state government but to curb this, the government has taken measures to ensure that the sustainable development of the state will continue.
The wealth of India has been transferred to a few powerful people and you cannot ask where you got it from.
Shillong Govt.
Besides these two senior leaders of the party, Dr. B. Marweiñ resigned from the post of President of the Women's Wing in Mawkyrwat Block. Valdo Lyngdoh as District Youth President.
The day was celebrated especially for the residents of Eastern West Khasi Hills District through a program held at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
When we honor, we should honor the elderly.
At present, Bah Nongkhlaw said that the TMC is against the farmers and it will be a big threat to Meghalaya which still has many farmers.
When asked whether the UDP needs the support of the Congress to remove PN Syiem, Prestone Tynsong said, “As of now, we don't have any support. I have seen in the newspapers that there has been a deadline on the 16th to discuss these issues. Let's see how it is on the 16th. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything with the UDP,” said Prestone Tynsong, Minister of District Council Affairs.
The opening of these shops will be ensured that the shopkeepers and the public follow the protocols and SOPs of the government and the orders of the Health & Family Welfare Department.
“Now we are in trouble regarding the border, but I have never seen the newspapers explain about the border on the loss of land and how much. what we publish is according to the reports of various organizations".
Hemant Soren, leader of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha, said that the synrop party, which contested the elections in Jharkhand, has won this time.
In this regard, Amit Sinha said that the incident in the media, through Hiran Ali, who alleged that Amit Sinha and a group of police, used to extort money from vehicles. Walking on the Shillong road, has affected him and the police in the state as a whole and especially that they have published on the News Channel a picture of him wearing police uniform.
The kind of education that we provide for our youth of men and women we secure as teacher.
“We are a little happier now that we have that village car.
Chairman of the Seng Bah H.Bansiewdor Nonglang said, “We have started trying this cleanliness since the 4th of this month by installing fences on the water and preventing the flow of garbage. further downstream.
Police investigation has revealed that the intention was not only to disturb, but also to injure the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma and even to the point of taking his life.
He said that under the leadership of the leaders, they have registered without any conditions anyone who has no knowledge of the party.
The AG also informed that taking into account the findings of Justice Katakey mentioned in one of his reports, the Government has issued show cause to some of the dewbilat factories in the State.
Iawphniaw FC beat Khiemusniang FC 2-1 in the pre quarter match which was held at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium yesterday.
Sohra, March 19: The Government of India in 2013 has passed a Bill in the Parliament for the delivery of food items to the poor in the country. lowest price.
He said that the Executive Committee will immediately convene a meeting of the department to implement the new system.
Jowai, Jymmang 1: A man has been shot dead while he was walking.
Following the call for a protest by the Federation of Veterans' Association (FVA), the All Assam Federation of Veterans' Association (AAFVA) has directed all districts to take part in the protest. days before the DC Office after receiving permission.
For the reach of all the public, the PRAKRITI-mascot was launched on the 5th of June.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen or received information about the deceased to inform the deceased by calling the following numbers: 8259071037 /
“So far Rs 41 crore has been spent which is 17 per cent,” James said.
The seventh phase is to build a large dewbilat top at 6 mer to collect the treated water at the Treatment Plant and to build a pump house at 6 mer.
On the other hand, the union has expressed its satisfaction, after Dr. Pooja Pandy, DC Ri Bhoi, has promised to take action according to the complaint lodged by the union regarding the number of There are no illegal timber factories in the district, said Mr. Amberlight Masharing.
Shillong: CCTV cameras today captured a man who saw a woman stealing the pla of a woman while she was eating Alumuri food on Bhutia Market opposite Bimola.
Jamia (Milia Islamia) University played well in this final, but we are happy to beat them because our main goal is to prove that our team will be the best among the universities in the country. India, and now we have achieved it.
At the same time, the Minister said that the central government has implemented the new Jal Jeevan Mission scheme which aims to distribute water to every household in the rural areas and has set a target to deliver water to all the households in the rural areas. in the year
In fact, the time has come for the Israelites to regain the Third Temple because they have lost it for about 1950 years, from 70 AD until now.
We should encourage the people to go from time to time to ask questions from their MLAs on any issue whether it affects only the constituency or the state as a whole.
Therefore, don't show too much anger, because you are stirring up the people.
The district authorities have issued this order after it was found that the house is now in danger of collapse due to the earthquake.
The competition will end until October this year, said the Convenor of the Maitshaphrang Movement, Bah Michael Syiem.
It was also admitted that Rs 14.36 crore was earned by the party from the voluntary donations of the party employees and the highest amount came from bank interest and other donations.
“They say that Bah Rit is a fool, but I say that I was raised to deceive the wise.
Speaking to reporters, Handarlan said that their visit was to demand the release of Bah Rymbai and to show their opposition to the government because they believe that the arrest of Bah Rymbai is a mistake. The government has accused the village authorities of being corrupt.
He said that during the UPA government, the price of petrol in the market was up to $130 per barrel while the price of petrol was only T.70 per litre. The NDA government has increased the price of petrol to T.65 per litre.
All these services will be implemented under this new program called CM-CONNECT,” he said.
“The example we can give is the shooting of Aristo Malki and after that the police department threatened the Rangbah Shnong of Malki, Bah Offlin, that the party would shoot him dead, but Bah Offline himself “He has said in the media that he has met with the HNLC and the allegations of the police are all false,” said the statement.
In the second semifinal on Tuesday, PHE beat Seinpynbhalang Sahsniang 7-0
This can lead to harm not only to their families but to the society as a whole and especially to themselves.
The MPTC has requested the Police to arrest those involved immediately and to investigate thoroughly those who first sent this false statement which was spread on Social Media by implementing the provisions of the The Information and Technology Act, 2000.
Shillong: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee for Jaintia Hills District, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, today said that the village of Lapangap in West Jaintia Hills District, has not yet been cleaned. It is the village which falls in the border dispute area where the two Governments, the Government of Meghalaya and Assam, are talking to resolve this issue which has been pending for a long time.
Unthankful: unthankful, ungrateful, unclean, unclean in heart, full of evil thoughts against their fellowmen, who do not love their neighbor. people who don't love their own kind.
The government's announcement to expand the footpaths only in the city and more cities is partial/unfair.
“The Hima Mylliem has canceled a meeting and we in this office and Syiem Ainam have also held a meeting and we have suggested that the Circle Rangbah Shnongs of the Hima should issue a notice that these Rangbah Shnongs Khasi villages will be able to curb the illegal activities of other ethnic groups,” said the Seng leader.
It means that if such things happen, God will listen to a person's prayer as happened in ancient Israel.
The Minister and other speakers praised the Muka clothes and the work that Khneng is doing to promote this industry in the area as a whole.
When we turn to the voters, it is difficult to distinguish between the voters of one party and those of other parties.
We hope that the readers will not be surprised when we say that the plants are related.
He said that as of now, there are only two Presidential Retreats in India.
Some of those who have met such patients said that they don't even speak Hindi and many speak Bangla.
Lajong will now return home to prepare for their match against Churchill Brothers from Goa on the 6th of this month at the SSA Stadium, Shillong at 2 pm.
According to information received from MeECL, the use of pre-paid meters will benefit the people and will save them from the hassle of standing in line for hours and lodging complaints. defects in the combustion system.
Currently, the projects are being implemented by four agencies selected by the Central Government through tender.
I distinctly remember that for about three months I had to beg friends to let me stay with them until I could find a place to live that matched my income or income from home.
He said the date for the elections in these two district councils, KHADC and JHADC, will be held in the first month of October.
Lanong said the campaign is targeted to be completed within three months by the end of April 2023 and will reach 198 villages from 63 Health Camps.
This is the most important issue...to remove the chain that has been broken is also very difficult.
B MukhimOn the 24th July, 2019, the Cabinet of the Union Government has approved the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill (SSAB) to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. and also to change the name of the Autonomous District Council (ADC) to the Autonomous Territorial Council (ATC).
“It is necessary to expose the theft and corruption of the government, it is the duty of the journalists to expose this corruption of the government”.
“The 17th will be the last day for the talks and if the talks do not reach anywhere, I appeal to the supporters of the North Shillong Constituency to be prepared,” he said. Adelbert, who led KHNAM, has not been recognized by the ECI.
Mina admitted that her son had nothing to do with the arrest and torture of the women and was returning on the 13th from Nongalbibra and nothing was known about the incident.
Earlier, the Minister of State for Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that 77 per cent of the land in the state is covered with forests, making the state one of the most forested states in the Eastern Region. east of India.
During the investigation, the suspect confessed that the intention was to sell the whole dewbilat and also the truck.
MS Rao (IAS), Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, was the chief guest in the presence of Director of Employment and Craftsmen Training, Government of Meghalaya. B.Hajong (MCS) as the chief guest and in the presence of Bah Medistar Warbah, Chief of Raid Nongkrem, Bah Bhalang Lyngdoh, Chairman Nongkrem Dorbar Pyllun and other elders of the village, members of NYDA as well as its trainees.
We are a listening Government, we will listen to what you say and we will tell you what you should do,” she said.
The driver of a commercial vehicle should dress modestly, not just wear a Google banyan, which makes it uncomfortable especially for lady passengers.
Others in critical condition include Ribaitki Shadap and Shanmi Chympa who are undergoing treatment at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
The state government has recently announced that it will repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act (MRGA),
However, there will also be a chance for him to return to the team for the team's most important games on the weekends of the current season.
In Madras and other states of India, almond oil is produced in large quantities.
Of these, 31 cases were reported from East Khasi Hills.
Jowai, July 14: As part of the celebration of World Blood Donors Day, the Jowai Blood Bank Center today held a ceremony to honor groups and individuals who come to donate blood. in the area from time to time.
To achieve this 5 lakh, there should be a clear rule and perhaps the District Council Affairs Department can take an example from the rules of procedure of the Dorbar Shnongs and that is not to allow the but to have only one row and not to allow candidates to pass by dozens of vehicles, but to have only one or two vehicles to accompany the candidate and not to prolong it too much. These are the ways to control the expenditure of more money and perhaps to increase the price of 5 lakh or less.
West Garo Hills has 63 cases of high risk, 20 cases of ILI, 15 cases of ILI, 14 cases of ILI, West Jaintia Hills, 37 cases of ILI, 15 cases of ILI, West Khasi Hills. there are 7 people.
Two of the three people killed in the crash of a small plane in British Columbia, Canada, were pilots undergoing training.
“I want Khasi, Jaintia and Garo to pass the UPSC examinations, we should fight for such examinations, education in the state is declining, we should fight in this part," he said.
He said that after receiving all the suggestions, a special session will be held to pass the bill.
A C-130J fighter jet of the Indian Air Force carried 392 Indians from Port Sudan to Jeddah on three flights on Tuesday, a day after the plane crashed. The Navy has rescued 278 citizens from Sudan.
When you read this report you will know that your vote was not in vain.
Shillong, March 27: The residents of Ri-Bhoi District have had to buy many lights due to the lack of electricity.
The mining project will be located only 0.25 km from the Eco Sensitive Zone (ESZ) of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
Tura, Naiwieng 29 : One of the most surprising and unheard of incidents in Meghalaya has been the fire of a well while PHE personnel were collecting water in Aragittim village. on Sunday under the Jal Jevan Mission scheme to provide drinking water to the village.
However, what is surprising is that when Amit Shah came to Tura, the residence of the Chief Minister, the Chief Minister fled instead of discussing the ILP. and the introduction of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Baphra language.
“When you cast your votes in South Tura you will see a change in the shape of development, your vote will also benefit Siju, Williamnagar and all parts of the country. Garo Hills, parts of Khasi Hills as well, your vote has benefited areas like Rongjeng, where we have been able to create a Civil Sub Division after 30 years of demand.
Therefore – “He that is unrighteous, let him become unrighteous: he that is dark shall become dark: he that is righteous shall become righteous: he that is holy shall be holy”.
These nine candidates are also the leading supporters of Bah Brightstarwell in the MLA election. Speaking to the VPP MLA from Mawlai constituency, he said, Brightstarwell Marbaniang said that so far there are about six candidates who have expressed their desire to apply for ticket from the VPP for the 2024 MDC election.
Following the incident outside the Chief Minister's Office (CMO) in Tura on Tuesday evening, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has warned that the police have all the photographs. already ringed with the details of those instigating the riots.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency and in his speech he expressed his gratitude to the Mawlangwir Sports Club for organizing such a tournament. heavy within the region.
“I strongly condemn Shantanu of the BJP who entered the Thakurbari Temple along with the CISF personnel, who did not honor the temple by wearing juti and also raised his hand. women who were believers who were there.
The KSU Narpuh has called upon the village leaders of Narpuh, civil society to discuss the deterioration of the NH6 from Lumshnong to Malidor which has been covered with snow.
Once it is delayed, it becomes blad and forgotten in front of the people.
Shillong, Iaiong 16 : A 407 truck has fallen into the Umngot River near Jingkieng Dawki on Friday evening. Police, SRDF and NRDF have not yet recovered the body. of the driver because the water was still red and too high from the heavy rain.
The meeting was held at their residence in New Delhi.
He said the reason for the increase in fares is due to the increase in fuel prices.
He said the BJP government led by the central government is determined to bring and provide peace to the people of this area in the city and other parts of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah M.Kharkrang said, “If you support me this time, I don't promise, but I will show by my actions when I win and In 2018 I don't need to come back to this village to ask for support but my work will speak louder.
The NPP has had to do this because it is an order from the Election Commission of India (ECI) that any party contesting against the candidates who have been banned should explain to the people why they have not been elected. you have to fight against these candidates.
The forests of the world burn themselves without anyone's help.
Shillong, July 13: “The Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies should resign and the CBI should investigate for corruption in the purchase of sugar distributed to the people through ration shops. James K Sangma MLA and Spokesperson of the NPP said this afternoon at the NPP headquarters in Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Nongkseh United beat Masonic CC in the Shillong Cricket League 1st Division on Thursday. , the toss was won by Masonic and elected to bowl first.
“We would like to make it clear that NEHU should also participate in this training for Khasi students because if the students from the community receive free training it will be of benefit to those who come. from poor families who cannot afford to be trained in private training centers to sit for this examination,” he said.
Recalling that the party has tried its best to discuss the issue in the House, he said that as the opposition, they have been locked up and not given time to discuss the issues affecting the country. and the nation.
Superintendent of Police Lakador Syiem said that from the 6th to the 19th of this month, BSF troops have seized 166 cows from 6, 7, 10, 11, 12, , 14, 16, 17, 18 and 19 of this month.
He said that the people should think carefully about which candidate they can elect as their leader because if they choose without thinking carefully, it will lead to a loss of income. Rambrai Jyrngam constituency is a backward constituency and they need a hardworking and responsible leader for the people of the constituency and the state as a whole.
Shillong: Pope Francis, the Apostolic Nuncio at the head of the Catholic Church, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli, will visit the Archdiocese of Shillong from the 14th of this month. -March 16th, 2021.
Other political parties, such as the UDP, VPP, PDF and HSPDP have not yet taken any decision whether they are ready to form a government with the NPP. The National People's Party (NPP), which won four MLAs, on Friday said it would not cooperate with the National People's Party (NPP) to form a new government.
When they tried to lead from the front, when they turned around, they found that there were no followers because everyone had risen to the throne to appoint another king from outside the party.
Besides the President, the donation ceremony was also attended by members of the party including Samla Alistarson Kharbani Organizing Secretary, Bikram Kharbani Publicity, Mikdarlan Wahlang. They also donated food and sleeping bags to the family as part of their condolences.
According to B Mawthoh.
“Our position is that we are against the CAB and we condemn the NPP which has betrayed and deceived the people by supporting the CAB,” he said.
Therefore, the F&EC, Mawkyrwat received a tip at 5 pm and immediately left for Wah Rilang. At first they couldn't succeed but with the efforts of the police until 7:30 pm they were able to rescue him from the village where he was trapped. .
Malchapara, a village in Meghalaya, has been transferred to Assam.
“What is their (BJP) scheme, I don't know? There may be a little bit of difficulty because we are trying to implement for thousands of families in the meantime we are trying our best to complete the work," he said. There is corruption but in reality it is not so. The delay in the implementation of the work has happened due to the problems at the beginning of the work.
Regarding this incident, the KSU on Tuesday held a public meeting at Pynursla to urge the BSF and the State Government to arrest and punish the BSF involved.
He said that the pharmacies need to ensure the supply of medicines, medical kits and equipment and they should also create new opportunities in this struggle of the country.
“We have made it clear that the KHADC will proceed to implement its Act on the construction of houses as empowered by the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution.
Shillong: Paroti Lato (49) from Mawprem, Shillong, has died at Super Case Hospital today.
Deibormi Rangad of LYSA won the Man of the Match award. In Pool A, West Jaintia Police CC, Khliehtyrshi CC, Moodymmai CC and Ummulong Sports. Club bad Efty United XI SC (Mynso).
MEPA at its meeting held in Shillong today (5th March, 2023) has decided to clarify to all the media that the media outlets authorized to operate are registered with the office of the Registrar of Newspapers of India (RNI) and also recognized by the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) of the Government of Meghalaya.
He said that the Nongpoh Combine Water Supply Scheme can no longer supply water to about 18 villages in the Nongpoh area, which has only one Treatment Plant (TP) in Iewmawlong. The new TP will provide water to the villages on the right side of the National Highway and the new TP will supply water to the villages on the right side of the National Highway. to the right of the National Highway.
The MPF's ability to conduct clean and fair elections is an example for other states in the country, with the cooperation between political parties, church groups and political parties to create a clean elections in a democracy.
“The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has introduced the Prime Minister's Fisheries Infrastructure Fund to assist local entrepreneurs,” he said. work in fisheries activities such as storage facilities, inspection facilities and others.
KSU Jowai Unit President E. Phawa and Publicity Secretary KSU Jowai Unit N Shadap have sent a letter to the EM after the council has expired the deadline to close down foreign shops without permits. you are in this district.
He said the most difficult thing about this incident is that the accused are not punished and demanded that the government should take strong action to arrest Islam and others involved in this crime.
“Your agreement with hell will not last.
“Women should also be asked, because they are the ones who suffer for six months,” said Swamy.
Speech was also delivered by MFU Captain Bah Banrap Narry who encouraged and wished Phrangki to continue to work hard so that he can achieve more success in his sporting career.
"Then they were surprised...They didn't think you would come looking for them..." said Kong Mer.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has expressed its strong opposition to the MIDC's proposal to take over the land in Umran. The MIDC will purchase land in the center of the villages, as it may affect the people in these villages.
Shillong: A heavy collision occurred on the National Highway 44 E from Nongstoin to Tura today.
As a school teacher, the Shongknor from time to time asks questions to the MLAs who take part in the debate and thus the debate increases.
The President recalled that many of the leaders of Jaintia Hills have won from the HSPDP, Onward L Nongtdu and others. There were three MLAs and 13 MDCs. The HSPDP party is no longer a new party.
No one says that alcohol is good.
Syntu, has a Hali kba near the Myntdu River, which was buried by her husband before he died in the drowning of the Myntdu River.
“Therefore, I have no choice but to request the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission to accept this request and take immediate action to prevent any future problems,” he said. Mr. Lamare.
Measures 119 mm².
In the men's Table Tennis category, students from NEHU, Shillong came first while St. Anthony's College, Shillong came second.
After thousands of people lost their homes and most crops were completely destroyed by the floods, train operations in many regions were severely affected .
Hek said that if the state has only one case of Covid-19, the state government will transfer the other patients from these Civil Hospitals to the hospitals of the state. private individuals.
Adult EducationThis policy aims to reach 100% of the number of young people who are literate.
“We have received a report from the people that it is no longer possible for us to contest from the party, but we have urged the people not to rush to leave the party because we too are concerned like them. “We don't know how much we can hold the people but when it comes to the port we have to rynsied together with the people,” said the Congress leader.
" The first issue prevents anyone from circumventing the law.
They said that the increase in the price of goods in Rambrai market is also due to the fact that vehicles carrying goods have had to charge more fare, due to the poor condition of the road.
He said that the government's decision to allow some people to leave the state for leave is unacceptable and the Congress party demands that the government should inform the government. The names of those people who have been infected with Covid-19 in order to prevent the spread of this disease to the residents of the country or the state.
The school is located behind the Polytechnic, Mawlai Kynton Massar, and is still under the land of the Polytechnic which has already started construction.
The election of the 294 MLAs in West Bengal will be held soon.
In Jowai, West Jaintia Hills, MeECL employees are busy repairing electricity lines after the wind blew tins of soap which were left on buildings and on electrical wires.
The landslide on this road has disrupted the traffic from Shillong, Jowai, Silchar and other states.
Since 3rd June, 2023, Manipur has been severely affected by violence and bloodshed, human rights violations and many lives have been lost and many have fled their homes. .
Maybe just a little bit more".
“We have seen and experienced these days the weather conditions have changed a lot and we have experienced a decrease in rainfall compared to previous years,” he said. and Arbok's father.
The court also expressed its hope that the state government and the district council will take action to inform the public that the beauty of nature should not be lost.
And they shall say to the mountains, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb (Jesus).
The Cameroon international will reportedly undergo an examination before completing his €50 million move to Old Trafford.
Batskhem in his speech said that their choice to join the party is because they want to win.
The residents of the area said that such incidents occurred when the residents left the SBI Bank in the area. period.
The Khasi used to wear the kyrwoh and threw it into the siej and thri.
“From what I understand, they have sought not to listen to the answer and as I said, these are important matters because the budget speech and the answer will focus on many things, but they will “It is their decision and the entire State is looking into this,” he said.
Until the moment when the MFA could not hold the MAL, the team at the top of the points table was the Shillong Press Club.
“At present, the preparations are in the infancy, but the preparations to prevent the third wave should be strong because the third wave wave will affect children and this is according to information received from other countries affected by the third wave.
Arin Singh took six wickets for 14 runs, the highest wicket in the tournament, while Aryan Bora took six wickets for 15 runs for Myntdu Lions. on Sunday.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also set up a sub center and MeECL in the past few years has burnt down the village and it is not a disputed area like Assam.
The Seng also informs the Chairman that they have also met with the Minister of Electricity on 25.04.2022, and submitted a Memorandum of the Seng, but they have not received any reply. to be satisfied.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital for post mortem and the investigation is ongoing.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Aiborlang Shadap MDC Barato-Mukroh. On the other hand, Woh MM Thaiang spoke on the demands from the past for the return of these lands to Meghalaya. He said that they have sufficient documents and evidence that these areas are part of Meghalaya.
CM Anil Kapoor from the movie Nayak...I have to praise CM Biren Langrut for going to all the force jobs. 30 to 50 persons to work in the fields and household chores excluding the guards who are entitled to be on duty.
Pastor Sohkhlet said that Pastor Mawroh suffered from rheumatoid arthritis and last year he came to Vellore for treatment in April after his retirement.
Furthermore, on these dates, in the evening, there will be a night curfew which will start at 8 pm and end at 5 pm on the following days.
The tournament will be opened at 9 pm by former Minister of State Bah JM Pariat.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: The Vanya Resham Krishi Mela in collaboration with the District Sericulture Officer Ri-Bhoi District today was held at the Vanya Resham Krishi Mela. Library Nongpoh to promote the cultivation and production of ryndia and Muga especially in Ri-Bhoi District which is one of the districts famous for the production of ryndia, ryndia clothes as the Umden-Diwon area has become famous This is the first silk village in the state.
On 20th June, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma will be in Silchar for a two-day visit to Barak Valley.
Shillong: There have been 130 confirmed cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 238 recoveries and one death.
Therefore, the Seiñ Kur Shadap Narwan Unit invites all the members of the Seiñ Kur Shadap Narwan Unit to attend the general meeting of the Seiñ. The meeting and the activities to be discussed will be smooth and fruitful for the benefit and especially we will be able to achieve this creation for the great works of Syiem Latympang so that it will not be “It is a history of my bravery,” said a statement issued by Bah Kartic Shadap Manar.
He concluded his admonition by saying, “Let us live a good life in the service of God and our fellowmen despite the criticism of others against Pope Francis, the visible Leader of the Church”. .
According to Bah Wahlang, laws come in many ways, including from the government, from interns and other means of enforcement.
If the rainfall continues, water will have to be released outside the gates of the reservoir in Umiam. B Khonglah, Chief Engineer (C), MePGCL, Shillong, said in a statement.
"Those who have been rejected by the country, who are no longer accepted by the people and who are now in turmoil shout, 'Modi teri kabar khudegi' mine).
It is necessary for us to teach ourselves and others how to think with a clear mind in whatever we decide, especially in relation to the life and death of the nation.
Khliehriat, Nailar 24 : Leaders and members of the National People's Party (NPP) East Jaintia Hills District today held a special program at the Conference Hall of Wika Guest House Khliehriat, to mark the 40th Anniversary of the Wika Guest House. Former MDC of Bataw, Bah Joinriwell Pyrtuh, who is also the Vice President of the NPP-EJHD, has praised the NPP party and said that it is only the NPP that has emerged. and take steps to resolve and improve the border of Meghalaya, where Meghalaya shares borders with Assam and also shares borders with Bangladesh.
According to information, U Daloi Sutnga is a powerful man.
Dr. Lyndem, AYUSH Doctor of Jongksha PHC, in her speech, said that these equipments will be of great help for the treatment of the patients.
It was also recalled that the election for the re-election of the JHTOA leader was held after the conviction of Nidamon Chullet in the court and the sentence of imprisonment for life. Khliehriat, November 12: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of November 2022 in East Jaintia Hills District. Hills District, Khliehriat.
This has affected not only the world of education but also the market of many churches.
It is learned that the cause of the fire was due to the presence of robbers who burnt the forest from another place, but a fire gradually spread near the house. The house, until it completely destroyed all the belongings in the house and the total cost has reached more than T.2 lakh.
In basketball, the participants included Raymond Khongsit, Beibie Patha, Sankupar Reenborne, Rodrick Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Jehovah Laldawmsang, Venpuia, Jordan Thangmalsawma, Nangkitbok Malngiang, Bawan Khar Hynniewta. Daryl Henrick Langstieh, Dulon Banop Kharsati (Head Coach), Yolinda Hynniewta (Coach), Suzanne Dareen Sohphoh (Manager), Phiblari Kharmaw, Ibankerbha Mawlong, Grace Monica Bamon, Ibajanai Rani, Daphinsara Swer , Sophia Loren Lyngdoh, Sanaki Clarisa Sawian, Jacquelyne Kharpuri, Hakidaroi Sumer, Saphira Sun, Daffiny Lamare and Maryliana Wansuk Jyrwa.
Referring to the government's plan to set up a casino in Ri Bhoi District, Hek said in fact the government should have demanded to set up a large stadium in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking on the lack of electricity in the district and in the Narpuh area, the KSU Narpuh said that many of the residents have been living in darkness for months while the electricity bill has only reached 15 or The union urges the electricity department not to remain silent on this issue.
“The work is going on in various neighborhoods and you can see powerful cameras installed.
The Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) today concluded the Super Division MDSA Football League 2023 Championship held at MDSA Nonglang Stadium. Renikton L.Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest and congratulated both the teams on their success in sports. No injury or injury to anyone so that the game will go smoothly and we will continue to improve.
He said that during the elections, even if people don't harvest, the soh falls, as happened in Wahingdoh during the MDC elections, where there was an allegation of distributing money to buy votes.
All residents should stay at home, wear proper masks, not interact with others and listen carefully if they have any feelings of fever or chills or difficulty breathing. ring or breathe.
After this I had the opportunity to train abroad.
The meeting was conducted by Nehipaia Dhar President of VO. Before the meeting, a prayer was offered by Handa Talang and a speech was delivered by Waheh Shnong Pammanik Ma RF Talang. CFS Khonglah from BMMU Laskein office and a speech by Mahiia Sajem.
Shillong: The State Government is ready to release the first arrear of deficit school teachers before Christmas this year.
He also complained to the staff of the office who delayed in delivering the letter to him.
The celebration was also held at other places including Tura, Baghmara, Ampati, Dadenggre and Mawkyrwat.
“We will also introduce a Private Member Bill in Parliament for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution,” he said. The Village Administration Bill in collaboration with the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and the Chief Executive Members to protect the Dorbars.
We must strongly oppose this proposal to abolish the district council,” said Bah Ronnie.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School Jowai has won the title of Over All Champion in the Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 which came to an end at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that about 65% of the people who came from abroad are positive for Covid-1 , that although they have already tested through RTPCR, they should also quarantine themselves and their family members for 7 days.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The 26th Meghalaya State Level Kickboxing Championship (MAKO) has been held on the 31st of July and will end on the 1st of July. November, 2023 at the Headquarters of MSMA, Kynton-U-Mon which has been established since
Assam police have not allowed these trucks to enter the road to Silchar for many of the coal trucks, which are said to be illegal cargo and without permits. This has blocked the traffic of passenger vehicles, food vehicles and many small vehicles parked in the area.
These self-taught nurses have already passed the examination including written and personal interview since April last year but they have been waiting for 10 years, the results have been left in the hands of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. you are healthy.
Executive Member: 1.
At the same time, he expressed his concern over the use of money in the elections which has brought harm to the nation.
Behdeinkhlam is a ritual to ward off the disease in the society if it is in any form from drugs and other activities against the welfare of the society.
The seized items have been handed over to the relevant departments for further investigation.
Nongstoiñ: U Menangiaijop Hoojon, 7, of Lawrynjam, West Khasi Hills, has died in a road accident in Pariong area this morning. The pickup was able to hit him.
For the 2024-25 season, there are up to 10,000 participants, including children under 6 years old, under the Talent Identification Programme, and more than 200 athletes who have to complete the EPP. Second camp.
“Therefore, what came out of the discussion at the meeting was that NEEPCO will not implement any more power projects in the state because from now on it will not turn to thermal power projects but will implement power projects that will not. cleanse the earth.
Mawlai Phudmuri, has recorded a high number of cases today, with 11 new cases; in Mawprem, there are 6 people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Kostina Turnia said that since the death of the father of the household, it has been three months since the death of the father of the family. 3 months.
On the allegation that about 40 pigs have died from ASF, Bah Hek said, “It is not 40 pigs that have died from ASF, but some have died only one or more. Two pigs have died in three places including Pynursla, Nongsken, Umsawniang and parts of Ri Bhoi and the department has taken action.
In the last MP elections, the BJP won 71 MPs out of 80 MPs in Uttar Pradesh.
?" Lok asked. "Yes.
From the placards carried by the people living on the border, they said that the people on the border, are facing many problems, after Assam has occupied all the land and what Meghalaya. They want peace and stability, the Meghalaya government should wake up, Assam has taken over all the border areas, they don't accept that basis for allowing the border areas, because if the areas of the They will go to Assam.
Earlier, the Minister said that he had already spoken in the House that the project has been in cold storage for 9-10 years and this has affected the time and cost. Besides, it has also deprived many students of the state who should have benefited from having their own Medical College.
This is a violation of human rights, a fraud and a theft of the rights of the people.
The match today will be between Mookyndur and Mukhla Evergreen at 2 pm.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM, one of the ethnic parties in the state, which has only one MLA, has said that it will continue to contest the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections.
Nongpoh, Nailar 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated two development schemes for the development of farmers and IVCS groups including the Prime Hub and Pineapple Processing Unit at Umdihar village in Ri- Flood District.
On the other hand, Chutwakhu SC played hard to turn the tide but couldn't score a single goal, until the end of the match it was 4-0
When these things get bad, we throw them away without being able to use them again, they cause garbage in our surroundings.
Most of the ASHAs under the umbrella of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union have gone on strike to protest against the delay in payment of salaries and other demands.
Besides, the special allowance they used to receive during their retirement or the Post Requirement Housing Facility will also be abolished.
As in the past years when the Congress government was led in Assam, Meghalaya was also led by the Congress, but they did not take action or discuss anything regarding the border settlement. In Meghalaya, the government was led by the United Democratic Party (L) Bah EK Mawlong as the Chief Minister and in Assam, the government was led by the Asom Gana Parishad. Prafulla Mahnata, said that the talks on the boundary have started, but unfortunately, Bah EK Mawlong has passed away while the talks on the boundary have not ended.
The gold cup came from a jewelry store in Takashimaya, Tokyo.
They said that the state government in this celebration of the 50th anniversary of the state, should have thought specially for the farmers by implementing all the missions for them.
He asked for a price but it was only T10,000/-, which is only T3 lakh 90 thousand.
This disease is indeed the cause of fear and panic in the whole world.
Therefore sharing environments can be preferred.
In the field of Taekwando, there was also a competition in which the young players won their medals.
The Khasi National Dorbar has done its part, although it has not been able to achieve its original objective or to sustain the protest.
“I have already expressed this in previous meetings when I attended a meeting held in Gujarat at the meeting of the Ministers of Health and Family Welfare of the country that we want to reduce these cases. events.
The Government should also look into the teaching methods of the teachers because if they lack the ability to explain to the children, it is not the fault of the students if they do not do well in the examination.
If England beat Sweden, David Beckham will have the dinner he wants anywhere in the world and will be welcomed by Zlatan Ibrahimovic, while if Sweden beat Sweden, In England, Beckham will have to buy furniture for Zlatan's new home at LA Galaxy, where the furniture will be purchased from IKEA. Ahead of the match between England and Sweden, which is scheduled to take place at 7.30pm this evening.
Shillong, Nailur: One of the leading telecom companies, Vi, has launched a new service called 'Vi Priority' to improve its services. not better for those who use their services – that is, those who use Postpaid.
The children of the father's seed are of the same blood, they are brothers of the same mother (the woman is different).
In the second verse (dk.2), (I am alone.
The Cubs beat the Unified Gorkha Gators while the Greenergy Lions beat the Wahlakhiat Bulls.
He urged all the candidates and Election Agents of all political parties to take care and follow all the rules and regulations laid down by the Election Commission of India, so that the election will be smooth until the election. cut.
Kumar also slammed the police for sending an IAS officer to the police station for four hours.
Bah Vivek in his speech said that the spread of serious diseases and infections especially HIVS is primarily from the truck drivers who bring to the state because they don't know the right place to stay or The food and drink has caused the Khasi people, men and women, to fall.
Jowai, Naitung 30: Members of the Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) Western Region and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Jowai Circle today met with the President of the Republic of Jaintia Hills. /c Principal of Govt Kiang Nangbah Higher Secondary School after receiving a complaint that some students are still missing classes.
It is also interesting to know that the sit-in demonstration was held at Dakopgre, Tura, which is the site of the Mini Secretariat of the region. Lum Garo is yours.
He said that if these residents of the area show their power against the government, the government should take strong action against the employees who are not clean by temporarily or permanently dismissing them according to the Service Rules. of me.
At the same time, it should also commemorate the 76th birth anniversary of Conrad K. Sangma, the founder of the NPP Party, the father of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
I have raised these issues in the Legislative Assembly but unfortunately I have not received the support of my fellow MLAs who are ready to leave their seats and empty the Legislative Assembly until I am left alone and humiliated. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
According to the report, the truck was intended to deliver fuel to the Thangkhiew Service Station in Mawlai.
FKJGP Langpih Area Unit Marbor Nonglang also urges the government authorities to take action on this issue so that it will not cause any problems in the future.
He said that if the way of speaking and working of Ma Shibun continues in this way , they will not refuse to walk in their own thinking but they will be within the party but they will not accept the way of thinking you are the son of Shibun.
Once again, children and students will be able to learn more about schools and teachers will be able to teach twice if the work requires.
The MEDC has also received good foreign technology and has a minute workforce of Khasi Engineers along with 80 skilled local workers.
“As the state government, in the second phase of Covid-19, the state has faced many challenges in which we have been able to prepare preventive measures and this time we have been prepared, “Although in the past years there has been a lot of suffering, we need to take action,” he said.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma tweeted at 9.06 pm that 30 people who had just returned by plane from Kuwait have tested positive for the virus. the plague.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in Shillong today has risen to 500 and 476 have recovered.
“I don't know why they are in a hurry to meet at Langpih today, and I hope that at this meeting they will not take any resolution that they will accept because this will produce the kingdom from the people".
Furthermore, the Coordination Committee for Clean Iawmusiang led by Ma Edystone Shylla has met with the Deputy Commissioner and the reply they have received is that they will still have to decide on the decision of the six villages on the temporary disposal of garbage in Mynkjai.
Besides the launch of the book 'The Meghalayan' stories by the Chief Minister, there was also a hot air balloon launch, a crematorium, a walk and a musical performance. other to programs.
The Minister also informed that the department has already provided training to 7110 people and school children in Disaster Management, Search & Rescue and First Aid in towns and cities.
He was speaking at the inauguration of the Anjuman-I-Islam's UPSC Academy (AIUPSC), which provides training for Civil Services and other government examinations, at New Panvel near Mumbai.
However, if you look at the fields of poverty, many in the villages say: “You, Bahbah, you have a strong body, you are a Khatarbor, It is better that you drop out of school to help your father and mother. before you go home; while Kongkong is in a state of shock...I don't want to go to school first"
All the letters sent during these years while the talks were ongoing were signed by both the Chairman and General Secretary.
Mani Bhadra Chakma, 66, of Pecarthal, Unakoti, Tripura, was admitted to NEIG RIHMS Hospital on 19th November
With this victory, they brought the country their first medal at the ISSF Shotgun World Cup in Cairo.
You have heard that they have bought a precious sheep.
Therefore, the appeal to the people is to surprise the people to think carefully. There are still times when there are such leaders to elect and not those who will just go and sit in the Assembly for five years.
The Demthring Village Organization (IVA) has celebrated its 10th Anniversary in Demthring village on Thursday.
The New Warriors scored 123 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in 13 overs.
We will continue to work hard to improve over the years and hopefully we will also be able to hold international events.
Three KAM candidates including Angela Rangad, Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew and Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh have filed their nomination papers for the MLA election to be held on Friday.
He said that as soon as Bah Samlin won, the village together with the school authorities went to express the problems faced by many of the victims due to the collapse of the school.
Mewan has qualified for the State Level Competition after winning the Block and District Level Competitions.
The Seng sends its condolences to the wife, children and family members of Bah Nasar Marweiñ.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: The resignation of two Congress MLAs and the suspension of four MLAs by the All India Congress Committee who supported the MDA government have turned into a terrible blow. The party has no MLAs anymore because of Dr Mukul Sangma who led 14 MLAs to join the All India Trinamool Congress. were those on the opposite side.
Two other polling stations are located at Tum Tum Village in 4-Mowkaiaw Assembly Constituency and are for voters from Tum Tum, Myntang, Pdienlapatein, Psiar, Khatkasla and Mowluber. 996 votes were cast and 431 women out of 1056 votes were cast.
He said that this is the reason why he has left the BJP in Meghalaya for personal reasons.
After a while, he returned with other residents, shouting at the BSF troops and recording them on video so that he could announce them.
It also helps them to think that once Christmas comes, the year will be a year full of joy and happiness or a year full of sorrow and jam to another new year, a year in which they look forward to. better than last year.
Dr. RM Lathong said that 11 people have recovered and 3 people are undergoing treatment and he hopes that all of them will recover soon.
This disease cannot be found inside the seedlings or in the soil.
For those under 18 years of age including participants with disabilities – it will start from Parking Lot, Polo Ground – Polo Bazar – Lad Lawmali – Jaiaw St. Joseph – Jaiaw Middle – Lad Jaiaw Lansonalane – Jaiaw Shyiap – Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church – Umsohsun Road – Sani Mandir (GS Road) – 9-Lad – Pegasus Hotel – Hotel Polo Towers – Polo Bazar – Parking Lot, Polo.
Amos said that these 120,000 members are only from Shillong and therefore, it is their duty, now, to search for these members. , who are already employees of the political party, he said.
It is only the Court that can help and punish those who misuse their power.
However, four months after the incident, on Sunday, November 6, the relatives of Beth Hume came to the village including Charles, her mother, Ruth, sister. Jessica and her brother Christopher came to Phlangwanbroi to congratulate the people of Phlangwanbroi who have joined hands to spend their time in the search for Beth.
How far they can do that remains to be seen.
The BJP spokesperson from Delhi said that the people of Meghalaya are facing a lot of trouble these days due to the coal blockade, the mining blockade, the mining blockade and it has affected the economy. “It is right to take care of the environment but people also need jobs to survive, the Congress government here has not been able to free the people from this problem but I promise you that if you allow the BJP to come to power within 6 or 8 months, we will lift the coal and mining ban,” said Nalin Kohli.
The KSU demands that the Preliminary Assessment should be expedited to find out the true age of the perpetrator as according to the information received from the people of Mawsaw area, he is over 18 years old. ,The KSU Women's Wing will hold a candlelight vigil on the evening of the 15th of this month at Mawkyrwat as a sign of condolences to the child who was involved in this tragic incident. The Seng invites everyone to take part as a sign of sympathy for this young woman.
Bah Shylla is a politician who left the UDP to join the Congress and later left the Congress and now has returned to the UDP. There are more signs that have appeared in India and also in this state, where even the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) has not been able to gather.
There were more than 60 players who came to the tournament, but in June, only 30 players were able to participate.
This year, 26 songs have been selected to perform at the festival, which is held at Vijay Chowk. These songs are 'Hey Kanchha', 'Channa Bilauri', 'Jai Janam Bhumi' and Nritya Sarita, Vijay Josh, Kesaria Banna, Veer Siachen, Hathroi, Vijay Ghosh, Ladaakoo, Swadeshi, Amar Chattan, Golden Arrows and Swarn Jayanti .
Therefore, KJSU Guwahati requests the public to be vigilant and thoughtful in their walking and standing because there may be people who take advantage.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District has announced the rules of traffic in urban and rural areas in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 24: The Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA) has vowed to hold indefinite strikes against the State Government's failure to punish the management of the Indian Institute of Public Health. (IIPH).
When there is only one Christian religion, other religions from Hinduism to Shintoism will be united as mentioned above to become one World Religion.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie said that the journey of the 25th Anniversary is not short, but long and there are many milestones among them.
As part of witnessing this incident, Kynjatshai visited Umsning, Ri Bhoi District to meet with the Principal of the school, Bah L.Lapang and Bah GS Warjri, one of the elders. who was involved in the establishment of this school in this area.
He said that security forces have been deployed in Khanduli, Lapngap, Saitsama Outpost and Nartiang police stations to maintain the situation in these areas.
On the other hand, the residents and village leaders have praised the initiative taken by the BSF and hope that such programs will continue in the future.
Hearing the PIL filed by Tennydard M Marak, the Chief Justice of the HC, Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh, said, “As we have said in the order issued in the first hearing, However, the number of weighbridges and checkpoints will be increased,” the order said.
The purpose of this tournament is to bring together the youth of the war zone to have unity and solidarity in sports activities and also to promote volleyball in the country. The TMC Mawkyrwat Block will have its own candidate to contest the 2023 MLA election.
It can also lead to the loss of the child.
“The state needs the implementation of the ILP to protect against illegal immigrants in the state and the Council needs to review the laws,” he added.
The Svamitva Scheme Recently I woke up to learn about the scheme of the Central Government, whose name I don't understand, 'SVAMITVA', which appeared in the newspapers on January 11th. ,12 days).
blessed are ye if ye shall save your souls, for ye shall be blessed with the saints in heaven; but if ye destroy it, it shall be a great sorrow, for all body and soul shall be burned up, as the garbage, and all the filthiness.
Before the march in Nongpoh, the leaders of SSS Nongpoh Proper, earlier in the day, held a signature campaign, in which thousands of people from the Nongpoh area came to participate. They strongly opposed the CAA and also demanded that the government should immediately implement the ILP in the state.
Bah Pynshai M Syiem expects that the PWD department will take action by building protective barriers as soon as possible from Mawphlang Road to Lyngiong.
Hundreds of children have used these buses and no incidents have been heard of.
Until now, there is only one man whose body was buried on the moon, Eugene Shoemaker, an astronomer.
Replying to a question raised by the MLA of North Shillong, the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak, said that the implementation of the JJM has been successful in which they have been able to deliver water to the people. thousand families.
However, in the middle of the road, suddenly the robbers came out and blocked the road to stop the vehicle in the area under the jurisdiction of Bilal Colony Police Station.
Referring to the promise of the Prime Minister at the meeting on 12th June, the FASToM leader said, “We cannot say that in fact he (Conrad Sangma) promised on that day because even he Addl.Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang whom we respect well also promised.
The meeting between AK Mishra and NSCN-IM leaders in Dimapur will be held on the 13th of this month. to Thunder Muivah.
The party has alleged that the MDC has committed theft against people including Ridakut Lamare, Rimiki Lamare, Julina Suchiang, Pearly Lytep, Dora Lamare, Hampyrwa Chen and Numa Suiam.
“We have registered online up to 24,000 and the forms distributed are 40,000 and if the total is 64,000,” said Bah Lyngdoh. not all have been returned and therefore, it is not known exactly how many all have joined.
Furthermore, after the NDSA leaders expressed their concern about the lack of funds to provide for the needs of the athletes, the MLA promised to allocate special assistance to these youths, so that they shall be able to provide for their own needs.
Last month, Dr Sangma, while refusing to talk to the HNLC, said that the intention to help any member who has surrendered is still in progress.
The CID police received an email from him at 2 pm, that he had left.
Aidiam M.Kassar, Psychologist Manager, DRCDA on Scheme & Services for Persons with Disabilities, Bah L Khonglah, Advocate Jowai Bar Association on Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Mrs. P. Chyrmang, Office Assistant, ICDS, Kong M Lapasam, Chief Security Officer, BDO Office.
PA Sangma said the party will soon meet the Prime Minister, President, Defense Minister and opposition leaders in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha to inform them of the “The present central government may not be able to punish or do anything but in the coming months. Purno said that although the present government will not do anything, if these allegations are true, Mukul Sangma will come to Delhi. and thou shalt not be punished.
Other MDCs who spoke on the issue were Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC of KHNAM from Jaiaw who said that the central government has allocated T.133 crore in the name of the District Council and not in the name of the District Council. He said that the Special Assistance Scheme has turned into a Special Assassination Scheme.
He said that the CCIB is a group of political parties and land owners in the border areas and since last years the CCIB has expressed its opposition to erect shiah signs within 150 yards of the border. and Bangladesh because the land owners will lose all their farmland.
Shillong: About seven persons, who were also tourists, have escaped from the scene, after their vehicle caught fire in Laitkor.
Therefore, the union expresses its regret over the lack of attention of the relevant authorities to open this health center which the people have been waiting for to be a help and blessing to them. residents of the entire area.
Since Tuesday, Hamas has fired 2,000 rockets at Israel, while Israel has responded by firing bombs at these targets.
According to police sources, the local taxi no.
It is too hot and does not have enough air to support life, if it has it.
Shillong, November 29 : The PFR Football Academy, one of the leading football training institutions in Shillong, has qualified for the 6th Annual Swargadeo. Sarbananda Singha National Level Invitation Tournament 2022 held in Dibrugarh Assam.
Hek sought the assistance of the Minister to set up an Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) Center in Jowai, where Nadda assured to provide assistance to the state to treat HIV positive people. /AIDS.At the same time, the Chief Minister sought the assistance of the Minister for the implementation of the Free Drugs Policy. to the medicine bag.
This Reservation Policy is no longer a matter for the demand of anyone, but as it is now the demand of the majority of the people of Bri Hynniewtrep as a whole.
“In my opinion, deforestation is one of the biggest threats to our environment.
She also has a goal to complete her BA degree and to take the subject Khasi as an Honour, so that she can further develop the Khasi language and especially that she is interested in eh in the work of writing poetry.
The students reached Wah-Ait-Nar in Iongpiah, which is the holy lake of Niam-Tre where the Behdienkhlam festival is celebrated every year.
On the other hand, the union demands that the government should strengthen the law enforcement agencies to provide justice and strong protection to women and children and demands that the law enforcement agencies should not grant bail to those involved in this case. you are not rich.
He said that once the chargesheet has been filed, the police should have punished those involved in this case.
Shillong: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robertjune Kharjarin today said that he respects the call of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to boycott the visit of Amit Shah. On the other hand, the party feels that all the parties have their own way of working to achieve their demands.
NDRF Chief Santosh Kumar Singh said that only by drawing the water, his men can go down and dive into the crematorium to search for those who have been trapped inside the crematorium.
From Ummulong Beat House, Marlangki Suting and the team in the presence of K. Passah, District Sports Officer, will lead the procession from Ummulong to Mihmyntdu Lad College. sha Mooralong (Vishal), na Mooralong (Vishal) sha Ladthadlaboh Market, na Ladthadlaboh Market sha Ladthadlaboh (V Mart), na New Hill (1-Family Mart) sha Marian Hill H/S School, na Marian Hill H/S School sha Stand Ummulong (Culmination Point).
I believe that the best way to plant rice in Khasi-Jaintia is the way that the government in the Central Provinces suggests to the farmers in that state.
Kennedy said the state does not have petroleum or diesel in its own country and needs to import it from outside the state, but many petrol pumps in Meghalaya have been closed by trucks importing petrol from outside the state.
The BJP and AAP are anti-Congress political parties and the two parties have won many seats in Delhi but have not yet reached an agreement to form a government. where their leaders have stated in the media that they are ready to contest fresh elections in order to get a majority to form a government.
This is according to a statement issued by Secretary KP Phawa.
The Meghalaya Local Administration Ordinance, 2015 was introduced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh.
Bukhari was one of those who wanted to bring peace in Jammu and Kashmir.
Scientists claim to have produced a shrieh human in China.
JOWAI: Marianhill Social Works, Jowai will hold a DJ Night to raise funds for the Marianhill Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 15: The condition of the Maweit road in these days has deteriorated so much that small vehicles which used to carry passengers through this road have suffered a lot.
“However, we are not foolish for our own interests, we as leaders have to think for the welfare of the state,” said Dr Mawthoh.
Please arrange if you can and if you need me I will be in Nongstoin on the 1st Week of August.
Hormon lives alone in her Ar Mala house in Block I, Lower Mawprem.
They also said that the festival is through the joint support of the Meghalaya Tourism Department to promote tourism through sports. The participants of the tournament have turned the place into a training ground for the youth who have the skills of sailing, and have invited and invited the public to come and witness the tournament. The ship was in the river Umtrew.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 11: Police from Nongstoiñ Police Station on Friday morning, recovered the body of a six month old girl from the womb of her mother, which was found near the Nondeiñ River. Nonstop.
In the past, only those who went to the distant rivers to stay, but now those who went to the nearby ponds have not come to stay because of lack of land.
Shillong, Naitung, 06: The Ministry of Finance on Tuesday released Rs 8608.33 lakh to the Government of Meghalaya as Grant-in-Aid for the year 2022-2 approved by the 15th Finance Commission.
The Sengbhalang feels that the absence of an IAS DC in the district has affected the implementation especially in the development.
The opposition has three parties including the Congress, the TMC with five MLAs and the VPP with four MLAs. or form a synrop as an opposition party and want to go alone.
The High Court, after hearing the petition, through their Muktiar, Sujit Dey, directed the Government Muktiar to follow up and the case will be heard again. it’s the Court’s New Year’s Eve hours.
The public is also welcome to enjoy the services of these two state politicians.
Besides, there will also be a museum which will display traditional items including mawkhan, khoh, star, shang ki jain and others along with pictures showing how the villagers live in agriculture and others. that method.
Shangpliang said that Marak was arrested by the village after he was involved in the sale and smuggling of drugs, denrite and other illegal activities along with 11 others in Block-IV. 17 July in the evening.
Now you have to identify those people who are entitled to stay in the Sweeper's Lane on the part of the Municipal employees and those who are illegally staying there.
The report also said that if the first leg is opened and goes to Sheikh Jassim, the club's union will immediately suspend Ratcliffe's lease within the stipulated timeframe. of the march.
If peace means that we have to cover our mouths in the fourth place, we don't want that.
In the men's category, Haribhakta Chettri finished first in 16:19:79 sec and Bibash Gurung came second in 16:22:87 sec. ) and Daniel Wahlang in third place (16:39:84 Sec).
“Then Rida, start...” Niakha urged.
Speaking on Tuesday, Kong Kharshiing said, “Those who don't trust me will look at me, many acts of violence, when I fight against fraud and unemployment, why? I'll have a hand to fight,” said Kong Kharshiing.
According to the University of Maryland Medical University, curcumin helps to remove toxic bacteria from the body.
The Rangbah Shnong of Pyrnai, Bah Klumar Khongtim, said that in fact, this rich farmer used to steal money from city to city and hide from anyone but suddenly one day, he was found. The man who went to the place, until the farmer could no longer set.
The JNC said that in Sumer Elaka, farmers have faced many difficulties in relation to agriculture and rice cultivation, but now they have faced difficulties in getting the scheme. help is their right.
The project, funded by the Minority Affairs Department of the Union Government under the Prime Minister's Jan Vikas Karyakram, was implemented through the Social Welfare Department.
BJP leader in Karnataka BS Yeddyurappa, who was sworn in two days ago, today resigned before the Governor.
He said that this incident has caused serious damage and destruction to the leaders, constituencies, Council, district and the state as well. Regarding these reasons, the emergent parliamentary party meeting of the MDCs of the HSPDP after discussing and discussing this issue, we feel that the reason for this incident may be for not allowing the MDCs within the group to consider electing or appointing a suitable person to be their leader.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA), through its Youth Development Cell, has produced two football teams to represent the state in the U-16 & U-14 National Football Championships. organized by the All India Football Federation.
He started making musical instruments for sale in 2001 and is the first from his village to make these instruments.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Tina Lakiang said that since the beginning of the R.C.Eve.
Only two districts have 2 cases in Ri-Bhoi and 3 cases in East Khasi Hills.
Abid Khan bowled 3 overs, was tied for 9 runs and took 2 wickets while MD Ajharuddin bowled 2.1 overs. tied for 6 runs and took 5 wickets including a hat-trick to win the Player of the Match award.
Nongstoiñ: The 3rd October 2018, will be a memorable day for the people of Nongstoiñ Constituency, where for the first time the HSPDP party has won the elections. 45 years ago, she was defeated by the NPP candidate Macmillan Byrsat.
The days of our years are seventy years;
Momin said the number of Garo residents in Meghalaya and some parts of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Nagaland and others. The villages in Bangladesh have used the Garo language in their daily lives and activities.
Shillong, July 28 : Nangkiew Irat and Shillong Lajong drew 1-1 in the Shillong Premier League on Tuesday evening.
EKH: 274 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –03, Others–271), RBD: 117 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –05, Others–112), SGH: 08 (Others), SWGH: 31 (Others), SWKH: 07 (Others), WGH: 34 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –04, Others–30), WJH: 43 (Others) and WKH: 33 (Others).
A sudden fire broke out at 9:30 PM on Saturday night and destroyed the Chow factory at Shangpung Khliehmushut, West Jaintia Hills.
The incident occurred on the 31st of January at 2-3 pm.
Furthermore, the Ri Bhoi Police after seizing and arresting the drugs have charged the suspects under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, while inaugurating the Albera Home Youth Development Center at St. Paul's Parish, Upper Shillong on Tuesday, said that the Meghalaya government has not only implemented the schemes. and various projects, but also works for the development of the economy and the welfare of the common people.
I decided to join the PDF after entering the House because I knew that there would be a majority of 15 MDCs if the chairman, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, resigned.
The meeting was attended by MLAs from Ri Bhoi District, MDCs and CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Syiem.
It is now strictly prohibited, only if the Sengs unite and dissolve their own Sengs, according to para 4 of Article
on Tuesday of this month held a demonstration program on the benefits and methods of using HDPE pipes (Pipe Jri), which are cheaper and more durable than copper pipe or GI pipe.
However, at the same time, development works should be delivered to the border areas without interfering or blocking each other.
These mentioned above are young men who have grown up in the world.
“We will implement the Community Based Health Incentive (CHI) as a means of assistance on their demand.
However, the government has received orders from the court to respond before the court and the government has done what is necessary.
Krem Myrsiang won a cash prize of 50,000 tyngka and Ever Young won 50,000 tyngka with a trophy.
Customize: In the Khasi Kur Dorbar, there are many different religions and churches that hold the Kur Dorbar.
Ampareen said it does not mean that women in Meghalaya have never won elections but it is true that women find it difficult to fight and this special allocation will open the door for women to come forward. to fight for the recognition they deserve.
This shows that the Ministry of Home Affairs is doing this in order to get politicians, those who criticize the work of the government.
The organization invites all young men and women to take part in this competition.
KSU Khanduli-Umshangiar Unit, under the leadership of Tynshain Krem, President, in the presence of Bah DKshiar, General Secretary and others, today held a meeting on the fare from Khanduli. to Jowai), the illegal sale of Kyiad & Die Tim and then the road & illegal electricity installation by the Assam government.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has lodged a complaint against him and the punishment has started now.
MEPA also demands that the State Government should talk to the Indian Government departments to issue their advertisements to the newspapers in the State and not only to the free newspapers. They also demanded to increase the assistance to journalists who are suffering from mental illness and to provide pension to those journalists who have worked for a long time.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Bikram D Marak, in his speech, congratulated the organizers of the Chess tournament especially the participants. He urged her to continue as one of the stars of chess who can also inspire others.
The theft of the questions happened on 3rd June 2019, and was distributed to many people, via whatsapp.
“If the future starts with evil, our world will be covered with dark clouds and clouds of despair,” said Bah Lyngwa.
Tura: A trader from Hat Singimari in Assam, has been abducted by militants after he did not return to his vehicle, which he used to buy goods from Dimapara in Assam. Dalu of West Garo Hills District.
This statement was sent by Rgh Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong.
The two dead were buried today, while the injured were sent to the village for treatment. One of the injured was in critical condition.
But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment: for by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.
Social Development Specialist, World Bank and other officials were also present.
There are five teams in the group but each team gets to play only five times.
In the Christian faith, marriage is between one man and one woman.
She said the government should take action and explain to the public so that the people can understand.
He said that the suspension of the construction of many Hydro Thermal Projects to generate electricity in the state such as the Kynshi Hydro Project due to the presence of uranium mines has prompted the government to suspend. not at all.
Besides these two persons, Monarch Dkhar from Ladrymbai, Mihsalan Thoo from Rymbai and 12 others were also named in the Ejahar.
Ma Shallam, said that during the tenure of Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Forestry, there have been up to 20 Khnap Thangbru, which have started to be implemented in different villages in the country. Khasi Jaintia.
Waheh Shnongs, elders, youth and women from different villages in the Elaka attended the ceremony.
On the same day, the residents of Rongmesek village took part in the cleanliness drive, in which parents, youth and children also took part in the cleanliness drive. The garbage that was lying on the streets of the town.
He said that these foreign traders used to collude with the companies by lowering the price of the local chicken sellers who set up chicken farms.
“The demand and production of cattle is sufficient in Bangladesh and there is no shortage,” he said.
In another report, a nurse working at the North Bengal Medical College and Hospital in Siliguri has tested positive for COVID-1
In the 72nd minute, Evereststar Rynajah scored the first and second goals for Laitkyrhong.
The only thing we should say clearly to the rulers is that if they are involved in trade during their tenure and are in power, this is very difficult and doubtful because they cannot. to persuade the Government departments to ignore the law and perhaps to violate the rules of law and to violate for personal gain.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Blah said that their demand from the government is that the government should reduce the Khasi Seng to the minority status as it reduces the other ethnic groups in the same position so that they can enjoy the same rights as minorities.
Shillong, July 4: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate has won 1,35,485 votes while the Congress candidate Vincent has received 47,813 votes. RDA candidate Robert June received 12,064 votes while NPP candidate Ampareen received 46,029 votes.
Unfortunately, two of the beneficiaries did not receive the promised donation.
Even the teachers' union like JACATAM has accepted the proposal of the MBOSE to change the syllabus of Science XI & XII and adopt the syllabus of CBSE. Meghalaya has a very low number of students out of more than 40,000 who have passed the matric examination and out of these, only about 3,000 have chosen to study science.
Even the small entrepreneurs have been severely affected by the power outage of MePDCL. However, even after the flooding of the dams of the hydro projects, MePDCL continues to implement the load shedding. which is between 2 hours to 4 hours per day in most areas especially rural areas.
She strongly condemned the government's inability to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
D.Kharkongor scored the second goal in the 18th and 47th minutes.
At the same time, the Central Bureau of Communication (CBC) has also honored one of the teachers of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Madhav Singh, who received the Teachers National Award from the President of Alpha English Higher Secondary School. Droupadi Murmu on the occasion of Teachers' Day on the 5th of last month.
India will enjoy true freedom until the day its citizens have achieved economic democracy and enjoy a happy, stable and meaningful life.
"In West Shillong Constituency, on the same day, several people turned to the house of the Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh in Mawprem. The State Reservation Policy has affected the Khasi-Pnar people.
Chirup said that the Municipal Department allows the vendors to sell at will from 8 pm and most of the Khasi women who have to support themselves have to. They have been sitting since 8 pm and this has not affected their movement.
Due to the increasing smuggling, the BSF has stepped up its patrolling to curb all illegal activities in the border areas.
The chairman of the party, Isak Chishi Swu, was not present at the meeting as he is still undergoing treatment at Fortis Hospital, Delhi. but thy son Pashhur was with him.
By the end of all the matches, Laitkor were still beating Mawlai but as the tournament was arranged in the format of semi finals and finals (not like the Shillong Premier League), Laitkor were able to score goals against Mawlai. lose this golden opportunity.
Earlier, attempts were made to find out how much money was in the plate of Bah Rishan but as he is still in hospital, no information has been received. says he has not received any information.
Illegal dumping of rnga on the roadsides in Umsaw West Khasi Hills District, has caused many residents of the area to complain that it has affected the roadsides. They have to travel to and from the road due to the smoke and in some cases even vehicles cannot see the road due to the smoke.
Once this report was released, Tennydard could no longer deceive and mislead the people and for this reason they lost by more than 5000 votes against the candidate he supported. if he does not believe and cannot accept this, he will file an unfounded complaint.
To celebrate the Teachers' Day every year on the same day is not meaningful because even the salary of the teachers which should be paid every month is paid once every three months.
She said that she has been working in this field for 2 years.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the schools in Shillong, including seven blocks, namely Mylliem Block, Mawpat Block, Mawlai Block and Mawryngkneng Block, have been closed. Mawkynrew Block and Mawphlang Block will be closed from 1st to 8th June
Therefore, I would like to suggest and urge all the residents to unite with the village authorities and the government authorities especially to complete the work for the safety of the households. the family, the community and the society.
New Delhi: China has strengthened its military bases near the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Ladakh.
Ridlin scored another goal in the 33rd minute.
“We have arrested 234 drug traffickers and drug users including 20 women and out of this, the drugs seized are worth about T.50 crore,” Bishnoi said.
It was learned that the result of class XI has been released. Kni sent Bhalang to school.
Marshall Nongrum scored the first goal for Youth Club Pdengkarong in the 30th minute and Special Nongrum scored the first goal in the 30th minute. 38th minute by Leo Rasmuth.
The question now is which schools or colleges have been funded by the Government as most of them are church schools, village schools and private schools.
Recalling the words of (L) PA Sangma in his speech, the Minister of Education Dangle Rakkam A Sangma said that the greatest wealth or gift that we can give to our children is education.
As they have built on the mountains and hills of the nature, the land, of this beloved country of God, which has been destroyed is connected with the things of God, so let us build up. ti, to preserve the Riti, without any difference to preserve the Long-Mariang, the land, in the purity of the synlar that God has placed not to rise again.
Niaw Wasa scored two more goals in the second half before winning.
On the same day, thousands of people came to listen to the election campaign of the NPP candidate at Weilyngkut.
The death toll has risen to 23, mostly from Odisha, although some have died from Andhra Pradesh.
The players of Amlarem Block will represent the district in the State Level tournament to be held on the 11th July.
Thank you AIS for your news about the salvation of Jesus Christ which is of great benefit to us who read it.
The state has banned the export of jakoid outside the state to other countries of the world.
The program was conducted by Dr. Anamika Upadhaya, AYUSH Certified Trainer and member of the Art of Living.
Because of the lack of opportunity to burn tyngshop, they took the portraits of the ministers of the state government and cut lyngkhot lyngkhai and threw these lyngkhot papers in the garbage can with the portrait of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Jowai, Nailur 13: Leaders of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Western Region led by Samla Chanskhem Suchiang, President JSM, WR in the presence of Jimmy Raul Kharmuti, Working President JSM, CB and others Members of the JSM, on Tuesday submitted a petition to the MLA of Jowai Wailadmiki Shylla who is also the Chairman of MUDA, Government of Meghalaya through the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of Jowai, West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
As we have seen the illegal activities of the MDA government which even the High Court has expressed from time to time, there is a fear that illegal mining may resume in the state in the name of its method of mining according to scientific knowledge.
Regarding the roads in the constituency, Bah Sanbor said that he has allocated T.34 crore for the construction of roads in Lumparing, Lower Lumparing, Laban, Kenches Trace, Rilbong.
The committee also requests all the guests to respect the environment and to take responsibility for the Please follow along by collecting and disposing of garbage or waste resulting from the use of participants in the climb.
Shops or vehicles with the words VACCINATED or NOT VACCINATED should be clearly marked, which can be clearly seen along with the pictures.
It is not known how to move, but the time when the two PDF MLAs have announced that they will join the NPP is a sign that after this election there may be no real movement in the government. in the Ministerial caucus.
Speaking to media, the Vice President of KJDSTA, Suzan Syiem, said that the teachers have been trying since November to meet the Prime Minister but because of the his busy schedule,they don't get to meet him.
He said the cleanliness will attract tourists.
According to the District Council officers, the Hima Mylliem, taken as a whole from the point of view of public administration, shows that the ruling party has lost because the opposition is paid, but when it comes to the The Hima Mylliem Act and the customs and traditions show that this matter is still pending because besides the District Council there is another court and this has happened in the past years.
The Fifteenth Finance Commission has recommended a Post Devolution Revenue Deficit Grant of T.86,201 crore to 14 States for the fiscal year 2022-2
Children should be quick to listen to any advice from the elders, not to ignore their teachings or advice and lose their wisdom.
A disagreement arose between the two and Rick went his own way; he immediately left the job since he met Divya.
One of the priority tasks is to maintain peace and stability, the second is to bring about development projects from the Government, the third is to ensure a strong foundation in the land sector and fourth is to promote education.
The match was attended by the fans who came to witness the match.
Prayer is not just words that we read.
After meeting with the DTO, Jyrwa said that the jyrngam vehicles did not receive any explanation at the time of issuance of the permit and there was no explanation from the transport department. “At the time of issuance of the permit, there is no explanation of where to earn. There is no announcement from the government. “It was announced publicly at the time of issuance of the permit,” he said.
God's Word teaches us well on this subject.
This will be effective from 1 November 2022.
The 19th Interim Report submitted by the Committee headed by one judge said that it is clear that the Superintendent of Police will work well and this has led to the emergence of crime.
On the other hand, captain Sunil Chhetri confirmed that the team is still under the leadership of assistant coach Mahesh Gawali.
Marak is a teacher at Kenegre UP School and Assistant Pastor of Lower Kakhija Baptist Church.
The Mawlai constituency has about 50,000 voters in the MLA elections.
Mr.The Same Question (12).
Besides the CMD of MeECL, Goyal will also be the head of three other electricity-related bodies, namely the Meghalaya Power Generation Corporation Limited, the Meghalaya Power Transmission Corporation Limited and the Meghalaya Power Transmission Corporation Limited. Power Distribution Corporation Limited.
The Minister announced the decision at a meeting held in Guwahati on the 15th of this month.
The Seng Khasi was founded in 1899 by Babu Jeebon Roy Mairom to preserve the Khasi customs and traditions. customs and traditions that we followed before we became Christians.
Tympew leaves are generally known to be a food that can relieve mouth ulcers, so it is not surprising that they improve the health of the mouth.
Then the father asked me to promote him to class-VI. I said, “These children of yours are not yet entitled to class-V. You must be sent to class-I first.
She said the Indian government has proposed to the United Nations to declare 2023 as the International Year of Millets.
He also said that the central government has decided to urge the independent investigation agency, such as the CBI, to launch an investigation into the incident.
In the second half, the match became more intense on both sides, Imson's players struggled to score 10 goals but couldn't score.
Why are there so many problems in the nation? The problems of the nation are increasing because as the people of the Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War) nation in Meghalaya we are led by the Nongkhrong.
The office bearers of UHM Ranikor & Shnongkalong Unit are President Sundaybornstar Syiemiong, Vice President Embires Nongphlang, General Secretary Kevin Thongni, Assistant Secretary Badahunshisha Syiemiong, Finance Secretary Refoundar Syiemlieh, Sports Secretary Teiborlang Syiemiong, Education Secretary Shangdiar, Environment Secretary to Hodingroy Syrman and Health Secretary to Albidonal Turnia.
Bernard, Chairman of the ANVC-B, has been missing since the night when police raided his house and not only arrested and rescued the children but also They also seized a large quantity of kyiad, condoms and vehicles from Rimpu Bagan.
During the discussion, he also expressed his gratitude to various departments of the Government and KHADC for issuing public announcements in Khasi, but there are still public announcements in foreign languages.
The CR School, developed by Christopher Rani, is a platform for schools and children to receive online education through the internet.
Prestone Tynsong said that during his visit to Delhi, he met with the Secretary to the Ministry of DONER, Chanchal Kumar, regarding the schemes and projects implemented in Meghalaya.
He said that he has nothing to do with it personally but he believes that this is an issue for the sake of his job.
He said that at present there are more than 200 children from different villages in the area and the teaching methods are divided into three categories according to the age of the children, namely three years old. , five years old and under twelve years old.
After the mother had given birth to the baby and when the doctors of Ganesh Das examined the body of the mother, the thyrnia suddenly cut and stuck inside the body of the mother. .
On this occasion, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh was the Chief Guest and launched the flag raising ceremony for the Shillong 10K Run and the Run for Fun from 7 pm. :00 am in the morning.
The march was led by staff of the Wildlife Department Umkiang Beat, Sonapur Beat and Khaddum Beat.
The KSU is proud of this young woman for her hard work until she has brought glory not only to the village, but to the district and the state as a whole.
Hundreds of these trucks pass through this bridge every day.
It is learned that the Chief Minister – Zoramthanga and the Minister of Home Affairs – Lalchamliana have taken measures to provide assistance to the families of these two persons. police officers who were shot dead.
There are more than hundreds of KHADC employees who have left their jobs.
They demanded that the government should remove these gates, so that it will not cause theft and looting of the trucks carrying goods and carrying the income of the people, said the petition. Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday, strongly criticized the Mylliem Hima for its He said that the Hima Mylliem should change the shops from the names of foreigners to the owners of the shops and the District Council has given full authority to they shall do so.
JHDCA invites all those who wish to participate to register by phone or whatsapp on the following numbers (1) 8974560098 (2) 8837212840 (3) .
If Raymond wins three of these fights, he will be eligible for the UFC in the USA. Raymond Johny Kurbah, who also represented India in one of the tournaments held in South Africa in
The roads are for everyone to travel in the right manner and in compliance with the traffic laws.
Brolington Warlarpih of Lamare SC was named Man of the Match.
The Congress, which has been the strongest and most paid party in Meghalaya since ancient times, has collapsed in Meghalaya after the collapse of Delhi.
The rangkhynraw who have thylliejIa I hold the phone, Like a fish caught in a net, Only one fish.
She said that they are still suspended MLAs from the Congress who have not yet joined any political party. She said that they will help the government to put in order the issues that need to be discussed in the Congress. the Dorbar.
They said that when people come to visit Sohra, their road ends only at Nohsngithiang and they don't want to go further down because the road is too bad.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA of the area said that in the last four and a half years he has tried his best to bring about development in Mawshynrut and he said that he is fortunate to be present. to the government which has brought blessings to the Mawshynrut Constituency as a whole.
The union said that this statement clearly shows the lack of responsibility and failure of the police department under the leadership of Dr. Bishnoi, on the one hand which has led to the riots and other incidents.
Speaking at the public hearing, the Waheh Shnong of Umlong, Ma Charky Pohtam said, “We are afraid that if this work goes on, if it belongs to any company, we will suffer. and it shall be alleged that the Waheh Shnong has signed the documents without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong and without any benefit of the village.
ODOP Sampark provides an opportunity to showcase different parts of Meghalaya and the uniqueness of the districts.
Because they are still investigating to find out the time of their coming and going and once they know and confirm their movement, they will inform the police to arrest them. Because the elders of the area do not want this kind of alcoholic beverage to spread in the area.
They said that during the meeting held at Nongpoh, there was a fruitful discussion to meet many of the needs of the drivers and followers of petrol trucks which they are entitled to receive along with others. discussions that can also address many issues.
The JSU has also threatened to start protests until the Ambulance 108 service is available in the area.
Shillong: Former Congress leader Prestone Tynsong, who has joined the NPP, on Tuesday said that the departure of Bah DD Lapang from the Congress party after more than 40 years is for the wrong reason.
Dawki, July 10: The Umngot River, which strengthens Dawki village, which was built by the CPWD in 1972, has collapsed due to heavy rains in Riwar area. collapsed and the rise of the water nearly reached the town's main street, according to the report.
Until this moment, the Upper Shillong road, was still crowded with vehicles heading to Shillong.
It is to provide part-time education to the graduates that the Central Government has issued a policy in the field of education called the New Education Policy (NEP). schools, colleges and universities.
Speeches were delivered by the village leaders, who expressed their happiness to see that the MLA has donated this ambulance and it will be of great benefit to the people of the area as a whole.
In these days, some members of the Legislative Assembly have raised the issue of the Roster System for discussion and we cannot say that the people of Khasi Jaintia are very disappointed with this because the allocation has gone more. bun to others.
Regarding the kilo cut, the President of the Sengkmie, Bah Commander Shangpliang, said that the Sengkmie has sent more than 16 letters to the Syiem, CEM KHADC, the Metrology Department of the State Government. DC and also to the Deputy Chief Minister, the Minister of Agriculture and also to the Chief Minister.
Qatar, where authorities are still busy preparing for the World Cup, has banned the entry of foreigners without tickets and Hayya cards from 1 November to 23 November.
Under the reign of the king and in the time of Elisha the kingdom of Israel was in great poverty, famine and suffering.
“The roads and paths in Shillong do not belong to anyone, but to the people who use them to walk because the people have the right to walk.
Regarding the seizure of these timber trucks, Bah E Makdoh, Beat Officer of Nongpoh (T), said that this is not the first time that the Forest Department has seized these timber trucks. The government has banned the smuggling of illegal timber and rnga even after the government has banned the smuggling of timber and rnga which affects the environment.
After conducting investigation, police found that Shem's shop had been robbed and registered a case under Case No 25(10)2018 u/s 457/ 380 IPC and the investigation is on.
The Dorbar Shnong Quinine has decided to hold a public meeting after they heard that the news broadcast by the Channel TV from Assam has affected the reputation and honor not only of the village. , but to the people of the village as a whole, because as the people inside the village they don't do such evil deeds, as the people inside the village.
If the government provides a strong vehicle for this officer, he will no longer need to ask for other vehicles from other residents for his visits to the villages on business. emergency and other programs, he said.
Nongpoh, July 29: The Dorbar Shnong Narbong has imposed a ban on the Umtrew River in Byrnihat area of ​​Ri Bhoi District. The rules and regulations for those who visit the Umtrew River.
There was also a question by saying, how did you come to arrest the members of the party as insurgents in the middle of the night and without knowing whether they were the ones who killed these foreigners.
On the same day, the Election Department of the State Government also honored Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang, a prominent woman of the state in the race who also took part in this race.
The government has decided to postpone the 2022 North East Olympic Games.
There is a lot of unemployment among the Khasi youth even after they have understood how to spread their education in many fields.
He praised the group for training the residents on how to protect and help others when natural disasters strike.
“This is the most important step to protect and preserve the water sources of the Umïew and Ganol rivers,” he added.
There were also people from Pynursla constituency, which is the constituency of the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP).
The Special Judge (POCSO), West Garo Hills, has found that the accused, Lukias G. Momin, is guilty of robbery. Section 71 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Section 42 of the POCSO Act
In reply, Meghalaya managed to score only 102/7, with Manthan Dey scoring 53 off 66 balls.
According to the rules of NEHU, the appointment of the Pro-Vice Chancellor should expire at the end of the term of the Vice Chancellor. he said.
The opinions of the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs who were present at the meeting were also received from the Sordars of Laitlyngkot Elaka, the Sordars of Matabor, the Rangbah Shnongs and the elders and about 500 people. many villages in the area.
Shillong, July 27: The Special Cell for Women and Children, Shillong, was inaugurated today at Shillong Sardar. Police Station, Chairperson of the State Commission for Women, Kong Theilin Phanbuh.
On the other hand, the HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle urges the owners and contractors to bring foreign workers to provide the necessary documents according to the requirements of the law.
“I don't want security forces while God allows me to live, no one can harm me, the day God allows me, I will die, no one can stop me,” said Kejriwal. .
The boys and girls players of Amlarem Block won the final of the Chief Minister District Level Open Under-12 Football Tournament.
He said the meeting was to discuss what they have to send back to the central government.
The Board is headed by the Principal Magistrate, with two members and hears cases there every month.
According to police sources, she was killed on charges of witchcraft and this charge came after several children became ill in the village.
Through this victory, Umphyrnai SC has scored three points, while Challenger FT Academy, although they played hard, could not score a goal and lost.
At the same time, the FKS requests the ADC authorities and the Government of Meghalaya to bring a resolution in the State and District Councils on the 17th July
He said that the youth have lost their jobs, the roads have been poorly maintained, the health centers still need adequate medical equipment and many others.
Choosing to eat eggs, especially in the morning, is what can help with weight loss.
Why doesn't the Central Government respect the agreement of the Khasi Jaintia Rulers and the Government of India in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement? At this meeting it was agreed that the Khasi villages such as Langpih and others which had fallen under the Khasi Hima in the past should be allowed to rejoin those Hima.
I Love Talang is one of the robbers involved in the murder and was killed by the mob after he escaped from jail with his friends last year in November
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court today ordered the education department of the state government to allow 50 teachers who have nothing to do with the white-collar case to work. their own work, as they were chosen beforehand.
He was welcomed by Lieutenant General SP Nawathe GOC
Chronic pain may only go away in the later stages of treatment, but it can return, because the cells are divided with absolutely nothing to manage and once the cells cannot manage, the The disease has become increasingly common and tuberculosis is very difficult to treat and spreads quickly, because it passes through the blood.
It is learned that out of 12 kilos of fish sold to the fish farmers, it was found that 3 kilos of fish were cut. ia this work.
