“If the BJP-Meghalaya feels that it wants to leave, let the High Command in Delhi send a letter that they no longer want to be with the MDA government,” Conrad told reporters.
Another committee to look into the illegal entry of foreigners and mynder into the state is the committee headed by the Chief Secretary of the state, Bah PBO Warjri.
At least 3,24,866 children have died in the last 40 years according to the report of the Skhem Rympei Tynrai (SRT).
The KSU would like to ask who received the money from those who opposed the death of fish or those who supported the company Star Cement.
Shillong, March 22: Two organizations, the Peitngor Group led by Bah Teibor Dkhar as President and the CSWO Central Body led by Kong Irene Hujon as President, have urged the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to Sangma and the government to call for talks with the HNLC and should not delay to call for talks with the HNLC for the sake of peace and stability in the state.
The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association will also welcome children from neighboring villages like Tyrna, Laitkynsew, Sohbar, Ichhamati, Wahlong, Shella and others.
Thus, farmers have a good opportunity to choose the jhur to plant according to their time and place. 4) Industrial importance: Jhur perishes within a few days of harvesting.
The Rangbah Shnongs have convened the meeting following the order issued by the Kashari High Court to suspend the powers of all Rangbah Shnongs in the state.
Starwin said that the employment figures are for all the government departments, which have been counted since 1995 since the beginning of the PWD Act until this year.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) in a statement today expressed its opposition to the proposal to bring a railway line to Shillong.
Shillong, July 21 : The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Party (VPP) on Saturday slammed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. He also said that the VPP wants the government to hold a hearing on the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act.
The HITO visited the office after receiving information that there is an illegal application in the office and has sent a letter to the director of the department to demand the suspension of the application. long beer.
Recently, the NPP has decided to contest against Prestone Tynsong, Rahboklang Tynsong, by replacing former MDC Jansing Tynsong.
There are currently 6 modules in the LMS and more will be added.
Our Khasi ancestors have told us stories about the ancient plague.
Through this meeting, the Minister and the Basan of Mylliem Hima, did not speak too much, as the sudden arrival of land by these two persons has just happened recently and also those who have lodged a complaint with the Therefore, on behalf of these Hima Mylliem, they have decided that they will look before the Hima and they will see who those who have the necessary documents, in order to verify. before the Court.
The construction of the roads was also before the Presbytery service in the village where the visitors also visited the ground to hold the service.
The EC wants to clarify that Bakur Shnong has more than 300 households and all of them support the Waheh Shnong and the whole EC.
In a statement, Richard Pohlong President said that the party has no information and admitted that it does not recognize these people and they are not members of the party.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District has removed the micro containment at the house of N Lyngdoh in Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
Our State Leaders from Captain William Son Sangma, BB Lyngdoh, Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, HE Pohshna, Humphrey Hadem, Edwin Son Bareh, DD Pugh, Habarsing, PR Kyndiah, Radhonsing Berry Lyngdoh, PG Marbaniang, GG Swell and Narayan Majaw, SK Shilla, PA Sangma, Stanley Nicholas Roy and others whom I cannot mention.
They are four men and two women from France, the United States, Ukraine, Turkey and Nepal and have been staying in a crematorium near Rishikesh in Uttarakhand since 24th October said Rajendra Singh Kathait, one of the police chiefs in the area.
Most of the drug users are young people in their 20s and 30s.
Through the use of surveillance systems, surveillance systems have been installed to track down each and every person who returns to the state.
These heroes were honored by the Minister of Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri in the presence of the supporters of the parents.
Nongpoh: The Soil and Water Conservation Department, Government of Meghalaya, today to encourage the youths who have completed their training as Field Assistants at the Conservation of Training Institute at Byrnihat, The 48th Batch of Field Assistants who have completed the training at the Conservation Training Institute Byrnihat.
Lawei Smit SC beat Mawkriah West SC 6-0 to win their first title in the SSA Women's League on Tuesday at the Third Ground, Polo.
The KSU said that the Wah Lukha is very clean at the moment, but the cleaning has not lasted long because of the continuous dumping of garbage from these factories, but the lockdown has brought a clear answer that the factories are clean. part to change the color of the river.
Today, Bah Vincent H Pala admitted that the situation between Meghalaya and Manipur is different and the BJP here will not win a single MLA.
However, now our country and nation has been enslaved by other forces, such as selfishness, power, corruption, unclean marriage, violence against women and children, violence against women and children. to the weak, alcoholism and others, who will destroy the country and the nation and this shows that we are still in slavery and betraying the country. Your Briew Tip Blei is still there.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU also informed the Joint Action Committee that November is the month when the university will hold work, including the conduct of various examinations.
?" asked Niakha. Rida listened carefully.
UDP East Khasi Hills District 13- Mawryngkneng Constituency Dr. Osaphi Smithson Jyrwa.
The company has strengthened its efforts to promote inclusion by setting well-defined working conditions for all employees, both men and women.
“Just being on the road is not cleanliness, it is just publicity,” he said.
The Government of Meghalaya has announced that a land area of ​​3952.38 Sq Meters will be required in Amlarem Village for the purpose of setting up a Sub-Fire Service Station.
Shillong, July 14: The Ministers of Mylliem Hima today visited the cow market at Khanapara under the jurisdiction of the Hima.
Jowai, Naitung 10: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit wishes a happy Behdieñkhlam to the children of the Seiñraij Jowai who live all over the country.
She also warned against all those involved and if the authorities cannot punish them after the investigation, the union will take other legal measures to punish the perpetrators. who are trying to improve the quality of education in the state.
The sports tournament was inaugurated by Bah Hamletson Dohling, Advisor to the Chief Minister, former Minister and former MLA of Mylliem Constituency, in the presence of KSU office bearers. and others.
The Uplifter Open to All Tennis Ball Cricket League will be held in the past and will also hold Football, Basketball Tournaments and other programs at these months are not coming.
The Congress has been suspended by the four MLAs but now it has reached the point where they cannot return to the party.
It is on these grounds that the union urges the residents and surrounding villages of Mawsiatkhnam to strongly oppose the proposal of the Assam Rifle to buy 200 acres of land. I hope that in the future it will be easier for Assam to occupy and not seize the land of our State through the existence of its various departments.
Two other KSU members, Johny Sohkhlet, President of KSU Lawsohtun Unit and General Secretary, Readyon Stone Nongrum, have been arrested by the MPDA and detained at Williamnagar Jail.
The Kiang Nangbah Stadium also needs to be brushed because the rubber or jri that has been thrown into the plastic has come out of the stadium.
Jowai, Jymmang 31: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the share of Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) and Priority House Hold (PHH) under the PMGKAY scheme has been released to the farmers. Wholesalers for the month of May 2022, to deliver to FP Shop Centers in the District from 1st July to 10th July
And Samuel said, How shall I go? If Saul hears or will he know about it? (At that time God still accepted animal sacrifices).
The protest was to demand the Old Pension Scheme for teachers and demand uniformity in the payment of salaries to teachers in India before the 31st. lber 2021The teachers also demanded to strengthen the education of children and to amend the National Education Policy
If we don't understand ourselves, how can we expect those MLAs to explain to the people in their constituencies? You have to work hard by reading and associating with experts.
The Meghalaya High Court has taken action against the illegal coal trade in the state and has sought the assistance of the Central Police Department. Industrial Security Force (CISF).
Kong Silbi Passah has contributed not only in the field of traditional music and dance but is also a retired school teacher who has worked hard for the promotion of Hindi in the State. He also participated in radio programs for the promotion of Hindi.
“The supporters of Bah Lambor Malngiang have also come to support them and they know how the election will be held,” said Bah Shylla. I don't support you because I'm still a Congressman.
The weight of the gold is 1632.450 grams and it is worth T.1,01,78,3
The Government has encouraged the people to turn to agriculture by distributing 'ñiang khun around the country or syiar.
He said that 26 new cases have been confirmed while the total number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,1
Initially, it was reported that there was an argument between the two land dealers, one of them spoke against India and the other but the news spread to other land dealers. They suddenly rushed out to search for the suspect but at that time the driving police managed to drag the suspect into their house and later the Sadar Police arrived with the police. SOT and managed to disperse the crowd.
He persuaded Deng with his clean words to make friends.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and President of the National People's Youth (NPYF) Kitborlang Nongrem today said that the National People's Party (NPP) (NPP) has already received permission from MUDA to build the party office and also a letter of no objection from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District regarding the construction of the party office. office.
VII.BECAUSE IT WILL DIVID THE NATION: According to my research and observation through clean marriage not only creates problems, dangers but also divides the nation and destroys the spirit of unity whether it is in the homes In the homes, in the villages, in the community or within the shatri of the nation, there are fights between those women who have Dkhar husbands and those who have not married Dkhars.
We didn't touch or hurt the ksew.
God, who was full of love for the Israelites, made a way and sent prophets so that one day the Israelites could return to their homeland.
Reachingson Kongwang, Chairman of the Darrang Tourism Promotion and Development Society, said that it is a great pleasure that the Tourism Department of the State Government has listened to the request of the Society to provide such training to the youth. The Society requests the government through the Tourism Department to provide life equipment to the guides and guides at Darrang Tourist Spot. Saving materials) such as life jackets, spine boards, wheel chairs, tyllai, saving bags and others necessary in connection with this training, so that we can really help the public during the time of disasters. injury or illness.
Replying to these, the CEM said that the EC is not aware that the KHADC has two plots in Mawkyrwat, one which has just opened its office and the other which has been purchased since
The CSWO has urged the Syiem of Mylliem to close down all the restaurants selling kyiad in Iewduh.
On the same day, a book on Muga breeding and seed production was also launched along with awards to the strongest ryndia and muga breeder in Ri-Bhoi District as an encouragement to them.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Ïawmusiang, Jowai today 19th under the leadership of Mr. Ajoy K Lywait The new Waheh Shnong, together with members and residents of the village, met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, (IAS) at his office to demand the cleanliness of the area. These garbage must be collected within three (3) days from the date of submission of the application, otherwise the village will take the necessary action.
“To complete the contact tracing, entry and exit to the factory affected by COVID-19 has been closed from midnight on 11th September to 6 pm on 14th September “It is to protect the public and to curb the spread of COVID-19,” said the District Magistrate.
“Students who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations should submit their marksheets by 15th November at the office of the Offset Printing Press at Umsohsun. “We will inform you later when the degree students have received their results because we will celebrate on the same day,” he said.
On the part of the Waheh Chnong, Malbi Timung, he was proud that the women and young women of the village were ready to take part in such trainings.
Therefore, as human beings on earth, we have to experience these things, but what is most important for us now is that we turn to God with all our hearts and surrender ourselves.
In her documents, Irani indicates that she has attended a Bachelor of Commerce Part-1, University of Delhi-1994, or that she has just started her studies. in the first year of Commerce.
The number of school children in Mihmyntdu has now reached 96% literacy rate, so Ms Lakiang urged these school children to avoid marriage. child.
Ma Lytep said the government has not wanted to talk about the protests of the political parties and the work does not appear but ends up only at the negotiating table, and the government has taken the path of sending He said the government should take responsibility for the infiltration of the Sengbhalang.
It was also an unusual incident where one question lasted for 55 minutes during the question hour which should have been within 1 hour.
It is learned that women's menstruation is still hidden in Assam and other parts of India.
He said that the introduction of the word United could affect the unique identity of the Khasi people and this development would lead to confusion in the future.
According to a statement sent by the DIPR, there are 448 Health and Wellness Centers in Meghalaya implemented under the Ayushman Bharat Comprehensive Primary Health Coverage Programme.
When she couldn't explain to the driver, the girl told him to drive ahead and talk to the NHAI personnel who were at the scene. The driver did not listen at all, but continued to shout and took out his mobile with the intention of ringing a video of one of the employees, along with saying rude words that affect the dignity and longrynieng. of the woman and that is why the people of the village were very angry.
At the beginning of the celebration of this jubilee, preparations are underway to hold celebrations throughout the year which will end on the 5th of June,
The National General Secretary stressed that this initiative not only brings about transparency in education but also prepares the students in terms of skills and knowledge needed to improve in the field of education. this is the world today.
Arsene Wenger has been able to manage his duties as team leader for 22 seasons which is also a record in the EPL. Arsene as a leader has won three EPL trophies and has achieved a different title in the history of football.
This is the truth, which shows that money speaks to people and we have to accept that any job, whether it is opening a school, or teaching a school, comes first before money and then comes service. This is not only the example of the school in Tura, but throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills, where the school principals or teachers are no longer like the missionary era of the past.
The incident happened at Lyngkyrdem village, East Khasi Hills.
These MAWs were owned by the Kharkongor tribe.
“They should resign from the post of minister first if they no longer trust the prime minister and will fight for a change of leadership,” he said.
Rupang: If we should get the ILP as a people at that time when you led us to gather inside Madan Student and even today you see that when we talk about the ILP the people are running away, Joe Marweiñ: As I see now, that's all we have to do to strengthen our demand for ILP and continue to strengthen the protests. .
Time will tell".
The release of Assam vehicles from Meghalaya to Meghalaya came seven days after the shooting incident at Mukroh village on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
In the past 40/50 years, the availability of soh niamtra in our country has been very impressive.
At present, political parties in the state like the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) have already released their budgets, and have made it clear that they will oppose the If the BJP doesn't get more than 272 MPs alone in this election, it may be more difficult to introduce the UCC or the plan to hold all the elections at the same time in the country (One Nation). , One Election).
Therefore, the FKJGP Aradonga Area Unit demands that the Government should take action on these three issues as soon as possible, said a statement from Trelling D. Shira, President FKJGP Aradonga Area Unit.
We want to make it clear that the ILP is not a communal law or a law against any ethnic group, but it is a law that will bring peace to all.
Many of us don't remember the events in our lives and especially the good things we often forget.
As the children of Hynniewtrep, we are very proud of ourselves when we see the situation in our own state which has reached the milestone of 50 years.
The armed men dressed in military uniforms entered the hall and fired grenades and other bombs, said a reporter at the scene.
This creates a problem for us the people of the world if this disease can spread all over the country even in the rural areas because of our stinginess.
Therefore, the Government of India needs to appoint a Third Party or Fourth Group to judge, evaluate any work implemented, and needs to appoint a Third Party to monitor. , to increase the price, and to monitor how far the welfare schemes of the Central Government have really benefited the people who are entitled to the poorest.
The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) Shillong on 14th July 2013 on receiving a tip on the presence of drug traffickers in the city conducted a raid at Laitumkhrah market and arrested one person. Kaster Jassa, 29, of Laitumkrhah Bus Station, has been arrested.
Ronaldo, who signed for the Saudi Pro League in November, helped his team finish second.
Besides, the ban against the mining of shyiap is also due to the threat to the dohum dohwah in the streams and rivers in these areas, said the order of the District Magistrate.
The CAG report is surprised that it did not find any record explaining the reason for calling the tender for the improvement of the DPR. RGI of Chennai at a salary of T.7.20 lakh and signed a contract with the company in July,
He said that the mining of coal in these areas does not comply with the regulations of the Government of India.
Bah Shylla said the Governor understands the situation as a nation and promises to take action.
This means that from now on, vacancies and advertisements will be based on the roster and not on the number of vacancies to be advertised.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, said that the investigation has been conducted but it is not yet clear who is involved.
According to a statement from the Waheh Shnong of Hingaria, Bah Thepmon Khonglah, the Dorbar Shnong has never allowed the sale of kyiad and the drinking of kyiad in the village. The Village Authority of Hingaria Village has warned all those who come to campaign in the village not to distribute alcohol and distribute money to the citizens, but they must speak out and preach the position that they stand as political leaders.
Meghalaya will now travel to Gujarat to face Manipur in the next match on 14th July in Surat.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the government has requested the NGT to renew the price of He said that the government has prepared to auction the coal according to the rules and regulations directed by the NGT and if the NGT has renewed the coal, The government will start the auction of coal.
In addition to this money, the fish farmers also receive fish farming equipment, such as fish farms, fish farms, training centres, road opening and other activities. it is with the fishing.
India has 2,76,685 cases undergoing treatment, 4,95,513 recoveries and 21,604 deaths.
“I would like to send a message that I will approve the Bill only after I have approved the provisions of the Bill so that it will be in accordance with the Constitution,” he said.
Compartment candidates are allowed to sit only 2 times in those subjects which they have failed in the Final Examination.
After she had finished eating and drinking, she went to sleep alone in her room.
These Bengali families, who did not want to be named, said that they usually come to Shillong at 2 to 3 pm in the vehicles they have arranged and leave in the morning.
In 1963, a bye-election was held and Bah HH Hynniewta (Shillong), SDD Nichols Roy (Sohra), BB Lyngdoh (Nongpoh) and H.S. Priest (Nongstoin).
The union said that government departments are now trying to show the importance of Aadhar, where they want to link it with pan cards, bank accounts, mobile phones and others.
Sanbor said he will meet BJP leaders in Delhi soon in the coming months to discuss this.
Shillong, July 17: “The border settlement cannot be decided by the two Prime Ministers alone by meeting in a private room because the affected people living in the disputed areas “It's not the decision,” said Congress MP from Assam Saurav Gogoi.
Because before Jesus came to this world, people lived in darkness covered by the darkness of sin, and Satan still enslaved people with his iron chains.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit recalled that in June 2013, he attended a meeting of the Election Commission in the presence of Chandra Babu Naidu, Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, TDP President and Derek O'Brien. , M.P. and TMC leader and recalled that at that meeting, he raised the issue of using ballot papers instead of EVMs. There is one village which has supported him, but the votes he has received are 4/5, 8-10 votes from these villages which have supported him.
This training center conducts free training in various fields such as agriculture, farming, sewing, repair of mobile phones, production of mommati, achar-umsoh-jam, Training for men and women, making lights and repairing light equipment, driving small vehicles and other training.
These human rights violations include the illegal arrest and torture by the police of innocent people in the name of suspicion, the death of prisoners in prison, the killing of prisoners. police forces, kidnappings and killings of people by armed groups including rape and violation especially of the rights of women and children by the increasing number of rape cases that continue today .
Speaking in English at the meeting, Bah Ardent said, “The VPP was established not to fight against foreigners, but to fight against corruption, discrimination and unjust governance. which is in the state now".
It is not like mulh and once the mulh has turned into blood it cannot be fermented and here they eat it with money"
“In those areas where there is a high incidence of electricity theft, we have decided to implement AB or Aerial Bundle Cable by covering the wires,” said Mondal.
These are the signs that Jesus said people would know about those times before the end comes.
Shillong, Nailur, 15: In order to be able to work better and more efficiently during natural disasters in India and Meghalaya and with the aim of reducing the loss of lives and property The National Institute of Disaster Management (NIDM), the Ministry of Home Affairs in collaboration with the MSDMA and the Meghalaya Administrative Training Institute (MATI) have conducted a The 4 day Training Program on Incident Response System (IRS): Basic & Intermediate was held at MATI, Shillong.
Shillong: A 45-year-old man from West Jaintia Hills has been diagnosed with a serious blood vessel disease after smoking cigarettes for 20 years.
The NPP has demanded that the death of the youth should be buried.
They don't have out dated knowledge with the children today.
Shillong, Naitung : The Laban Dorbar Shnong, Shillong has elected its new office bearers for the term 2022-25 on the 23rd of this month.
Not only that, but the signs have shown that those unworthy leaders of ours are ready to take up arms to destroy this nation of ours to the bones, bones, and bones. my shrug.
Therefore, it should be discussed again at any time when this issue arises.
She completed her MA from Cambridge University and after completing her training in Unitarian Ministry became a Minister at the Unitarian Church of Our Father in Rotherham, United Kingdom.
“These vendors don't have time to go to the injection sites set up by the government and leave their jobs, so we give them the opportunity to go to the injection sites. Hakim told reporters at the opening of the program at Posta Bazaar, the largest jhur market in Kolkata.
Dawki, 24 'lyngot: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, on Tuesday said that the state governments and any government departments in the North East, if there are schemes or projects in the country, Delhi, informed him and he knew to do what was necessary.
There have been 2,284 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 50,4
After the dance, a march was held to the party headquarters in Mawkhar with a phawar and a kynhoi from the people.
There are about 13 farmers who manage and buy synsar, tyrpad leaves, sohmrit and other agricultural products at the MeCOFED market.
The Congress party has started preparations for the election and has also taken steps to meet with the leaders of 11 political parties. who are in the opposition to the Assam government.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP)-Nongthymmai Circle led by Bah Desmond KL Mawlong, Secretary, together with the NPP Youth Wing, today came forward to clarify the allegation by Bah Desmond KL Mawlong. Bawan Khyriem, President of the Nongthymmai Block Congress Committee, said that it was not the former MLA Jemino Mawthoh who introduced the water scheme in Nongrah, but the incumbent MLA Charles. Pyngrope who introduced this water scheme.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday inspected the Entry Point Umling, and found that the Entry Point has turned into a place that turns the world into a city. a person who intends to enter the state.
We have to hope for the best and accelerate the use of solar and wind power so that the problems will be reduced.
You have understood the meaning of it,” said the officer.
In Salmanpara, longtime Congress worker Damrik K Sangma has been replaced by Sinbath Marak despite the fact that Damrik has been preparing for more than two years to contest the election.
However, as minorities we should consult with other fellow citizens to understand if the ultimate purpose is to destroy us minorities and deprive us.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, in a question by the Rajya Sabha MP from Meghalaya, Kong Wansuk Syiem.
Three ANTF teams besides the ANTF Ri Bhoi received the awards while the other two ANTF teams include East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills District Police.
The AJCTA has urged the NHAI to relocate the toll plaza so that it will not be illegal and violate the rules laid down in Rule 4.7 of the Guidelines and Norms. NHAI.The AJCTA has also warned to take legal action if the NHAI does not respond to the complaints lodged against the illegal construction of the Toll Plaza at 7th Mile, Ialong, West Jaintia Hills. .
“Now all that remains is to announce the name because the decision has already been taken.
The MLA said this at the ceremony to honor the students of Mawkynrew Constituency who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations this year held at Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha on Saturday. August.
The opening ceremony was attended by MDC Jirang Constituency, Bah Victor Rani as the chief guest, President of Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah Anias Rani as the chief guest. The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnong of Patharkhmah, Bah Petalman Thangkhiew and other elders.
He was speaking on the occasion of the mombati lighting ceremony at Khyndai Lad, Shillong on the evening of 28th July.
Nongpoh: The Seng Samla Shnong Umden Nongtluh, on Saturday, held a one-day program to teach the youth about the importance of self-determination. area in terms of morality, drug abuse, child marriage and others.
We must understand that after the struggle, it will become true that their MLA will leave the NPP.
Shillong, July 2, 2014: Chirabrata Sarkar, Under Secretary to the President of India, has written a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya regarding his complaint. Tennydard M Marak, who opposed the adoption of the Sangma clan by Mukul Sangma and his brothers and sisters.
“I have not received any report.
So when they settled down and became a family, the man kept the teachings he had received, and the woman kept the teachings she had received from her parents.
The Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that Lapangap village does not fall under the border dispute with Assam.
The state with the highest number of votes was Tennessee, with 10,188 votes.
According to the SDPO of Sohra, Bah Ian Onel Swer, the elderly man, Moren Khonglam, from the village, has raped three children aged 10, 11 and 12 years.
In other offices, only government-recognized employees have the right and authority to perform office work or to explain the requirements of the offices when the public needs them.
Scheduled Tribes and others are from the census (Population).
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, while introducing the Resolution in the Lyiur Dorbar, said that the Council strongly urges the Central Government not to implement the UCC within the boundary of KHADC. to protect the customs and traditions in accordance with Article 6 of the Constitution.
He said that as an MLA who understands the plight of the people, he has tried various efforts to bring about development to meet the needs of the people in Amlarem Constituency which has cost hundreds of crores. improve schools, roads, water supply, health in Amlarem Constituency to promote tourism and others.
He added that as it is now, we have followed the example of others by forgetting our own culture, but we should remember our heritage to preserve the environment and to preserve the culture and to be participants at different levels.
These teams will inspect the factories in Delhi and implement them immediately to curb the increasing pollution,” Rai said.
They are no different from the animals,” said the father of Ksan and Sammut.
Farmers will be empowered to market themselves properly.
We have seen how the war between Russia and Ukraine, which has been going on for more than a decade, has affected not only these countries, but others as well.
At the time of writing, the airport in Kazan, the predominantly Muslim area of ​​Tatarstan, was closed, sources said.
At the meeting, the UDP leaders discussed the strengthening of the party in all four constituencies in Ri Bhoi, namely Nongpoh, Umsning, Jirang, Umroi and Mawhati.
The state government doesn't know why foreigners have done it...it's a great shame for the soil conservation, the Meghalaya Basin etc, the Forest dept.
According to Dr. B Manners, State Immunization Officer, the number of people to get the vaccine is very low although it has started since June this year.
The BJP party does not want to nominate MP candidates from Meghalaya for all the two seats but will support the NPP candidates, even if they are from the same NDA house. Meghalaya is a strong Christian state.
This book will help children to remember what they have read and done in school as well as to introduce new information into their minds.
He also spoke about India's economic growth in the world under Modi's leadership by giving examples of Pakistan, Sri Lanka and other countries. procedural error.
Today, organizations that are not on social media platforms are losing out because the availability of mobile phones and the Internet has changed everything.
According to the Chief Minister, Continental Milkose Pvt Ltd, a company recognized by the Government to provide nutritious products to mothers and children under the SNP scheme, has already provided These goods have been supplied to the state since the first quarter of the current fiscal year.
The purpose of the establishment of these governing bodies is to strengthen the foundation on which development projects can stand and that their operations can be smooth and orderly, which can bring benefits. the society and the welfare of the small and the rich, the rich and the poor, the rich and the poor.
Likewise, Kongthei and when they have received everything, they are ready to leave for the streets.
" Parents don't care much about their children's behavior.
I agree with these articles especially those of Bah Pyrto Mawpon, there should be a group of commuters association to protect against any exploitation.
Those who have suffered a heart attack should not think about eating refined carbohydrates or foods high in omega 6 fatty acids instead of foods high in saturated fat - especially those that can be found in them. The remaining jhur oil contains a lot of corn and safflower oil, he said.
Among those abducted or those who are hostages of Hamas militants, there are also women and children.
The geographical landscape, the fresh air, the breeze and a distinguished characteristics make the falls unique and unparalleled feature among the rest.
Gardinal Sohshang Secretary Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division Demand Committee (MCSDC) on Tuesday explained the story of the struggle for the establishment and implementation of the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division. Civil Sub Division of the Administrative Unit.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) West Jaintia Hills District (HNPF) in a statement said that the party after its meeting today decided to give its full support to the demand. The Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills to stop the installation of Smart Meters in Jaintia Hills.
If we look at the football fields, how many fields are equal in price to the fields in other states? They shall end up in the field of their hands, or in the field of their feet, without wearing anything.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that he doesn't have any source of income, because they have closed down all his sources of income and even the money in the bank has been closed down. and the land was taken away.
“The meeting decided to accept the decision of the UDP Shella circle to elect and confirm the candidate for the mid-term elections and the meeting on this will be held on 22nd July at Shella,” he said. let the Pointer.
This Hynniewtrep Pansngiat Hynniewtrep Hima is the one who is claimed in the fire.
However, after the election, three BJP members and two Congress members have joined the MNF. VPP) said that the resignation of their President, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, is not for anyone, but for the common benefit of the youth of Hynniewtrep.
According to the social agreement with the government, the Group will have to share half of the income.
The State Government through the Education Department will pay the salaries of three Commerce Stream teachers.
(7) All premises or schools/offices with an area of ​​more than 5000 sqm in collaboration with the relevant authorities, shall ensure that the waste is separated from the production area within one year from the date of establishment. this is the rule.
Those of you who read this article may wonder why I don't use the word “brother" as others do.
L.G.LalooThe love of our country for the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa is difficult to understand.
The LRO claims that the Bible does not have the right to freedom of expression.
There is no market, shop, pharmacy or health center in Labang Nangphyllut.
Know also that we will get that 'Khasi-Jaintia State' until we have completely destroyed our own environment.
Singer Bruce Springsteen and Mindy Kaling have received the Honorary Medal from President Biden. the singers, the movie stars and more.
Regarding the efforts of the residents and village leaders to repair the road, Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, congratulated the village leaders for their hard work. road will be passable.
Many speeches were delivered by Dr. DD Lapang, who expressed his happiness to see the progress of Ri Bhoi in sports. and especially in athletics.
He said that in the three times that the team has held this tournament, the players have started to enjoy this handball tournament and this has led the team to start holding it again to encourage and continue. promote the youth who are talented in such sports.
Jesus survived when he stayed in Egypt.
All the time we parents are busy with our daily activities and don't have time to spend with our children.
The Bible Society of India has released the new Bible on the occasion of the 125th Anniversary of the Khasi Bible.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem was held in strict compliance with the rules to prevent the spread of Covid-1
However, on the other hand, he said that the request of the district administration to give three months time to conduct a new review of all the land that the government intends to take for development has been accepted. The airport will arrive at Shillong Airport in Umroi.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) on Tuesday said that the COMSO will resume its protest to demand the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya by staging a sit-in.
:The theft of a written announcement by a police chief with the rank of DSP has shocked Garo Hills.
For us, we suddenly remember the prophecies of Myllung Soso Tham, who warned us to be careful, lest we become foreign writers and water carriers.
When they are in need and in trouble, they come for help.
What is surprising is why the Police do not arrest the drug lords who smuggle and smuggle this beverage around Shillong and other districts of Meghalaya.
It was also decided to invite those District Councils which do not fall under the 6th Schedule and those which fall under the 7th Schedule like Manipur and Assam to join the Forum to speak for the benefit of the District Councils.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has expelled all the campaigners of various political parties from other countries. four places in Nongstoin.
This awarding ceremony was held as part of the encouragement to the youth of the village to work hard in their studies.
Bhalang's brothers were overjoyed to see their brother.
The shop, known as 'Mukesh Kachori', is a popular place for people to eat and the owner of the shop sells kachori and samosas from early morning. until the darkness of heaven, when the merchants are not finished all day long.
He said the government will receive revenue of Rs 8 crore once and Rs 2.67 crore per annum and from Balsrigittim and Warinagre Rs 4.5 crore once and Rs 1 crore per annum.
They have become involved with the world.
Dr. Dameshwa Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of Pastor SL Lyngkhoi who was one of the first music teachers in Nongstoiñ.
“We don't want to abolish the Reservation Policy for others, but the request is fair according to the number of paid,” said Bah Ardent.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 606 and 407 are undergoing treatment.
The management of Dawki PHC has closed the hospital today and tomorrow morning for the distribution of medicines and will reopen on Tuesday. Those who have attended the funeral in the village have been ordered not to leave the house until they have tested themselves.
Therefore, it is my duty to stay indoors and stay away from even my loved ones so that I do not spread or get this disease.
Sixteen clubs affiliated to the Meghalaya Football Association and Assam Rifles have participated in the tournament.
The building includes a pedestrian path, a viewing area, a park and children's playground, outdoor areas,snow shelters.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Many times when the residents have not paid their electricity bill due to the increase in lymmuh, the government is quick to cut off immediately, but if they go to complain because of the increase in electricity bill, it doesn't. always listen and do nothing.
I don't think we have to prepare anymore,” she said.
On the other hand, the MSVA leaders have already met with Bah Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, MSOA last month to discuss the issue.
“Adhoc teachers are employees of the Managing Committees of various schools which have appointed them and now the government will talk to these Managing Committees that they too should come forward to help with the salary. “The government pays the money in full as assistance,” said Bah Tynsong.
“This NH-6 is a major blood vessel not only for Meghalaya, but also for other states in the North East. “It has affected the passengers, but it has also put at great risk the motor vehicles and especially the lives of the precious people who have to pass through this road,” said the statement. .
In this regard, FASTOM Spokesperson Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh, has requested all the teachers to move from the Additional Secretariat to the Additional Secretariat according to the order issued by the DC. with one voice they resolved never to move from that seat, and agreed once more that they should continue the night's sleep in this place.
Shillong, Nailar : The MeECL Progressive Workers' Union (MePWU) in its general meeting held on 20.08.2022, has decided to hold protest programs by wearing blue badges. at all MeECL offices from 29th to 31st July 2022, and also to hold a sit-in without interruption in relation to the electricity distribution and daily operations of offices from 05.09.2022 to
Shillong, November 6: The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Doloi, from Jaintia Hills, has not directly addressed the KJP Synod, but its statement on the peace festival of the KJP Synod. , shows how the party is leading the Synod and also on the burning of the church in Baniun.
Ma Khroo said that it is time for the government to implement this Act to protect the environment.
Tableland Lyngwa, IAS, has been serving as the DC of West Khasi Hills since
The IVLP was first established in 1940 and is one of the branches of the U.S. Government that has become prominent in the field of leadership from around the world.
They are from Chennai, Maharashtra, Bangalore, West Bengal.
“Besides, he said that even in Manipur there is Article 371 C and therefore there is a special provision.
Police also arrested Stadbor Dhar, 27, and John Syiemlieh, 20, from Mawsynram.
“The reason in my opinion for the decline and lack of survival of Khasi newspapers is because the newspaper industry is privately owned and one of them is a huge expense,” he said. u Bah Sumar.
As a Minister of State, he resigned from the Cabinet in 2005 on the issue of MBOSE and the government had to resolve the issues in the MBOSE and the answer scripts have been resolved so far. Shillong is no longer in Tura and Garo Hills as it used to be.
This has caused heavy traffic jam in Shillong from noon to evening.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Olland Singh Suin MLA Mawsynram Constituency, Tbn TS Buhroy. The meeting was conducted by Bah AP Donshiew and welcome speech was delivered by Tbn LD Donshiew.
Tomar told reporters after the meeting that the talks will be held again on July 8,
They met with the Joint Secretary North East, Shri Satyendra Garg on the instructions of Rijiju.
The election of the new office bearers for the term 2023 – 2026 of the Seng will be held at Dinam Hall Jaïaw on the 6th of this month for other remaining posts.
Kenyan authorities have sent security forces to contain the violence in the city.
Speaking to media, NPP Spokesperson Shangoliang said that there are more than 100 people who have joined the NPP party. come and join the party in the next few days.
With the decision of the BJP to support the NPP in the MP elections from Shillong and Tura, the political situation in Meghalaya has changed dramatically.
I have worked in Bengaluru, Singapore, Malaysia, and Australia.
“What is more surprising is that besides these villages, they have opposed and sent a letter of complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and also to other government departments in charge of this issue since 2022, but the M/S Presidium Brez has not yet received the CTE clearance from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to operate in “It also supports such factories which cause losses to the people without considering the cleanliness of the environment and without considering the impact on the environment, hills, rivers and drinking water sources”.
The two organizations have ordered the closure of these schools and the principals of these schools have agreed and immediately sent the students home.
This village is also about 3 or 4 kilometers from the road from Umling to Patharkhmah, Jirang and many of the residents are still low in income as it is the most affected village. it is the road of the wicked.
We are not jesus who was created by god who was created on earth not like MA ph sia who came to visit us in another religion case you want to know, I am not offending any Niamtre Or any religion.
This is also the last match of the tournament where Mawlai finished the match with 16 points, behind Rangdajied United FC with 18 points.
They also urged the public to report to the police if they are forced by the insurgents to do such things.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: As the BJP candidate from Mawhati Constituency, Dr. Evarist Myrsing, Dr. Evarist Myrsing, has also focused on tourism in Mawhati Constituency. If the people win, he will also take action to develop the tourist attractions in Mawhati Constituency.
However, it will affect everyone because once the price of petrol and diesel increases, the price of food items to medicines, furniture, clothes and others will increase. I didn't kit I didn't rise.
Bah Lyngdoh said to address the problem of insurgency, political leaders need to call for the participation of the people to work together.
He said that during their rule, they tried to develop Meghalaya as a hub of education and tourism.
The government departments that should be involved in the implementation of the cow cabinet are the Animal Husbandry, Forest, Panchayat, Rural Development, Revenue, Home and Farmers Welfare Department.
Shillong, November 2: A Rangbah has lodged a complaint with the Consumer Forum after he sent a song containing gold, silver and gold (Khasi Nara) through the speed post from the post office Rynjah. arrived at the destination.
The village was founded in 1965 by Iomon Lyngdoh Iawlar and Martina Kharbani.
It is learned that the child called the child and took her to Lum Pohkseh Ionglaw at Shangpung Mission.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today met with MLAs including Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma and officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. and other MLAs as part of the discussion on ways to prevent the spread of the corona virus.
Players must show up at exactly 9am with their gear.
This is in accordance with the order of the Meghalaya High Court, that the Government should take action to find ways and means to facilitate and expedite the traffic here in Shillong.
We feel that this will help the filmmakers of the State,” he said.
They said that there are no teachers in English and Khasi even after the education department has promised to appoint teachers in the school.
I am afraid to go back to work in Garo Hills,” said Kumar.
The incident was very sad, but ended without any sadness and that is that the bsein iong, entered the patlun of a worker, while he was sleeping lyngngai.
Noting that the Governor has a shortage of English and therefore he will speak in Hindi, the Chief Minister said there is nothing wrong with this.
On the other hand, PT Sawkmie has met with the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma to seek permission to allow vehicles to operate on both sides of the Mawlai-Bypass.
Kashyap has produced Six Hour With Terrorists, Zindegi Jalebi, Twister and Duniya Khatam Ho Rahi Hai.
Nongstoiñ, June 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell, has informed all the students from West Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District, who have entered the Merit List. The results of SSLC, HSSLC and DEGREE in Boards and Universities for the year 2022, in various educational institutions within and outside the State, will be held at the Maitshaphrang Excellence Award 2022.
Only in the past, they didn't stop their education, just as they didn't stop when they were fishing.
Shylla said that those who went to sign the agreement at the meeting held in Dhaka on 6th July, 2011 also expressed that they did this in consultation with the land owners. “However, it was not so, they did not consult the land owners and the land owners did not know anything while in the north they said that they had already arranged with the land owners, they should take responsibility.
The JSU urges you to visit the website of the Government of India which is a new website designed specifically to provide information on the impact and prevention measures of Corona Virus or COVID-1
[continued] Then, these days, various companies have emerged and the most prominent are the money laundering companies, the foreign dew companies and the mobile phone companies.
Rev.Dr.John Robert, we all honor him as the father of Khasi literature or the father of khasi literature. Rev. Dr. John Robert was the father of Khasi literature. This John Robert came to Ri Khasi and served for 37 years.
An unconditional blessing is light.
He said that the purpose of implementing the UCC is to resolve the conflicts between the laws affecting the customs and property rights of the citizens by giving priority to equality between women. male.
There is no longer a way to divide the words according to the allegations because there are no such things as good health, health, rice, wheat, barley, trees, paidknup paidtrap; There are those related to the part of the first word in the next word such as tangon u lymban, banat ka patu, food and drink, colour, agriculture, literature, literature, travel. wan, the sleep, the household, the ksing, the dhah, the khongpong khongdeh, the clothes, the planting, the burial, the rijied village, the fields, the roads, the siej, the shken, the arti arjat, the khnam ryntieh, the sword, the stieh, the khoh, the star, the heart of dohnam, the call of the wer; and there are those who are like water, fire, darkness, light, day and night, storm, heat, cold, walking, standing, lightning, sunshine, lightning. loop.
On behalf of the citizens of Meghalaya, we are surprised that from time to time we have seen that the Electricity Department in the state has been extinguishing fires, and especially the reason for the debt. The CM, Conrad K. Sangma has announced that there is a debt of T1,345 crore which the state has to pay.
Speaking after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the police department has informed the Commission on the state of law and order in the state.
After this, it awarded the construction to M/s Astra Construction Limited at a cost of T.2.65 crore on 19th June 1993 to be completed within 15 months.
We are hopeful that we will win in 13 out of 14 constituencies in the state.
The worst affected areas are Smit, Umphrup, Mawmuthoh, Mawpynthih and Laitlyngkot as well as other parts of East Khasi Hills District.
Amit Sharma, one of the photographers, who was filming a train change in Shamli, Uttar Pradesh, was arrested and beaten up by the railway police last night.
He also urged the students and youth to spend their studies well so that they can study and play and choose which line of study before matriculation to make their educational life easier. The award ceremony was attended by the youth of Mihmyntdu.
Congress spokesperson Supriya Shrinate said the arrest of the MLA is a shame and strongly condemns his political activities and hopes that there will be intentions and voice within the Aam Aadmi Party. The party (AAP) will work on it.
Shillong: A clothes maker has been bombed and tied by a mob this evening after a woman allegedly raped her in his clothes shop.
:The Faith Foundation Shillong will celebrate Child Safety Week with the slogan, 'It's Okay To Say No'
He is also the top scorer in the UEFA Champions League (128 goals) and the UEFA European Championship (9 goals).
Regarding the outbreak of cows, Bah M.Nonglang said that this disease can infect pigs even if the cows are released from the house and left in the hills every morning near the houses. and he found the pigs in his house.
The 25 candidates announced by the Congress party today are Grance Mary Kharpuri from Nongshken, Clement Mawrie from Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh, Batyngshain Laitmon Rynga from Shella, Donevan Kharwanlang from Sohra. Ronnie V Lyngdoh of Mylliem, Marbud Dkhar of Mawlai, Auguster Jyrwa of Jaiaw, Ronald H Kharumuid of Sohryngkham.
There have been many incidents of flooding and damage to roads due to heavy rains in the past 48 hours.
During the three-day visit, the delegation met with various groups and state leaders including the Governor, Phagu Chauhan on 31st March.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Ilasiewdor Gashnga, Program Coordinator of SURE and welcome speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Wahmawleiñ, Marphred Kshiar.
She said that there will be a ban on the sale of goods that affect the society.
If we work only on the government scheme, our constituencies will be like other constituencies but besides the government scheme, we still give ourselves about 30% or 40%,” said Ngait.
He also questioned the government's fight against insurgency.
The Dorbar of Chiefs, FKS and FORMLD send their condolences to the family of (late) Bah Peter D Rynjah.
They said that they only collect 10 tyngka per month for the needs of the Seng such as typing books, sending photo copies and other needs, not to give it to Kong Angela to earn as alleged.
Ardent has strongly opposed the amendment of the KHADC by repealing two provisions of the VAB, sub sections 8 and 16 of section 5, in a recent meeting with reporters. Ardent urged the PDF MDCs to discuss the old VAB which has not been amended as well as the new VAB which has been amended.
What would happen if the superpowers launched intercontinental ballistic missiles, and dropped nuclear bombs or atomic bombs?
Information was also searched through the Location Tracker but it did not show the exact location.
Gokhale said he was the spokesperson of the opposition Trinamool Congress and one of the largest parties in the state assembly and parliament.
The school is an institution that accepts only girls from the age of 4 to 11 years.
This action of the BSF troops, who are supposed to protect and provide security to the people living in the border areas, has put the group in shock,” said the statement.
He said that if the TMC comes to power, the same will happen and those who criticize will join.
Nongstoin, June 20: Three villages in the Mairang area and those under the Mairang C&RD Block have been severely affected by the cyclone. On Saturday last month, the storm destroyed many houses in the area and out of all these villages, Nongkhlaw village has been affected by more than 170 households. Three houses were damaged by the storm.
They said that those who are smart enough to go to the valley start to stay overnight in the area from the month of June to the month of April because during these three months the fish don't stop. but sometimes they rose once a day in the evening, sometimes they rose twice in the morning before dawn, and sometimes they rose up to four times a day.
According to the evidence, it is suspected that the killing of these two men was merely a murder by the enemy as all their belongings including mobile phones and gold jewelery were the same, which shows that it was not a robbery.
In addition, the Indian Council Cultural Center Library Dhaka has been renamed the U Tirot Singh Library in honor of this Khla Wait.
Earlier, former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti had said she has the right to form a government in the state with the support of the Congress and the National Conference.
In fact, God wanted the Israelites to be saved by the words He spoke but they were afraid and did not want to listen to the voice of God.
“If the law enforcement agencies do not do anything, we will not hesitate to appeal to the higher authorities so that the truck drivers can escape from being harassed on the road,” he said.
Speech was delivered by Resource Person Bah I. Muksor, who is also the Sanitary Inspector of Nartiang PHC. Bah Muskor said that health is a great asset.
Bonney Kharbani, General Secretary of WKHDCA, said that those who wish to participate can call or message him at (8258898775) and President Richard Sun (7 .
However, there is a saying, “If we give a man a fish, we feed him for a day or two, but if we teach him to fish, we feed him for a lifetime. to give or show mercy to the same person at all times because these gifts have a limit and it is more likely that that gift can bring about a change in the lives of many.
Shillong: U MLA of Mairang Constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday said that there is no compulsion on the COVID-19 vaccine if the people do not want to take it.
The project for the improvement of the garbage dump at Mynkjai, the improvement of fish ponds and fish sanctuaries will be allocated from this amount of Rs 1.92 lakh.
It cannot be said that we have lived again in an era when the alliance between the religious authorities, the authorities and the authorities of the merchants is strong and stable.
What’s needed this time is to provide these entrepreneurs with a platform where they can learn and guide as they start their ventures.
In the petition, the Forum also informed that at its recent meeting it has decided to oppose the Notification No.TAD/R/31/60/151 dated 13th April 1951 issued by the Government. Assam without public notice and without the knowledge of the residents of the villages under Labang Nangphyllut Dolloship (Block-1) and the Dolloi of Raliang, Chiliang Myntang and Nongjngi Districts.
Shillong: All state government offices, schools and courts will be closed on 9th June 2018 in the Eastern Region. Khasi Hills, for the sake of the Spirit.
The decision of the FKJGP is a major decision and it is because as the party they believe that it sees the problems of the people in the region as a whole.
He also suggested that the universities in the state should introduce the National Institute Ranking Framework (NIRF).
Mawkyrwat, November 20: The 2nd Wickliffe Syiem Memorial Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the KSU Ranikor Circle and KSU Nangdam at Nangnah. Mawkyndeng, Nongnah, South West Khasi Hills District.
Those who have received the title of “Mar” are only those who have been tested by the Syiems to see their wisdom, skill and strength.
All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the people want change, but the emergence of many candidates has frustrated and has not succeeded.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The residents of Umkiang village are angry with the BSNL (CellOne) company, which is located in Umkiang village, which is no longer working and the residents do not have cellone network anymore. almost six months old.
The NHS England has reported 711 deaths today, bringing the total number of deaths in England to 18,0
In his speech, the Chief Guest encouraged the Club for organizing and conducting this tournament.
The big and the small – from politicians, government officials, police (both big and small) and others – will fall into the trap.
The latest bombing in Turkey was on a busy street in Istanbul, in November 2022, killing six people and injuring 81 others. this time.
Speaking to reporters, these elders and women, said that as the people of Raid Marwet, they want that the people of Raid Marwet should be allowed to leave. Marwet people, because they don't know much about the customs and traditions of the Raid.
How to prevent? Avoid going to places where there are many lice such as places where there are many trees and shrubs (such as shrubby areas, etc) where there may be these thyllah ksaiñ.
It may be recalled that at the rally against NGT held on Tuesday at Phra Mer, Jaintia Hills, this youth came forward to speak on the stage to express that the NGT ban on coal mining has affected the livelihood of the people. his.
“Over the years, NEIMA has been supported by Christian and non-Christian religions, civil society and many private individuals.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 104 cases including 1 case from Armed Forces, 67 cases from High Risk, 2 cases from ILI, 1 case from Madanryting Cluster, 5 cases from Bishnupur Cluster, 1 case from Golflink Cluster, 1 case from Goraline Cluster. cases from Jail Road cluster, 1 case from Jhalupara cluster, 5 cases from Laban cluster, 3 cases from Lapalang cluster, 1 case from Lawsohtun cluster, 3 cases from Mawlai Nonglum cluster, 1 case from Mawpat cluster, 3 cases from Mawprem cluster, 2 cases from Polo cluster and 3 cases from Pynthorumkhrah cluster.
Romans 11:33-36.
Heavy rainfall, which has been falling all day, has flooded rivers, roads, turned off electricity and damaged mobile phone networks in Shillong and across the Khasi Hills. Many villages have not received electricity due to the heavy rainfall across the Khasi Hills.
However, someone from Rajasthan, Barmer, said we don't have electricity, how can we upload it?” I said upload it on my head and tell the prime minister,” said Swamy.
"“There has been a forecast regarding snowfall in the last three days across the area.
It is also prohibited to throw flags on the streets and in public places on the polling day.
“In this process, the Government will visit all the villages of the country and ensure that everyone in need and poor will benefit from the Government schemes,” said Myntri Rangbah Duh.
The former Rangbah Shnong has been defeated at that time but he has lodged a complaint saying that he does not agree with the conduct of the 2019 election even though the Daloi has said that there was nothing wrong. the conflict during the election.
Earlier, BJP MLA AL Hek said that the BJP will nominate its own candidate for the MP elections while the NPP has candidates who are ready to apply for tickets from the party for the MP elections. The Senior Working President of the UDP, Binbo M Lanong, said that if the UDP's request is not met, the government may move.
On the other hand, the Minister during the inspection expressed the need to improve the health center so that it will be of benefit to the residents and neighboring villages.
In this regard, the Government has also brought under Section 21 of the Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 by empowering officers to punish those involved or who violate this Act. Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, District Magistrate, Jowai, on Tuesday announced that the 144 Cr.
Shillong: Shillong’s 4th Element, a city based music group will participate in the 4 day Nisville Jazz Festival in Nes, Serbia which commences on the 8th August 2019, thus making them the first band from India to ever perform in the festival.
In another match, Mookynphad Mihmyntdu beat Demthring 2-0
She said that she wants to guide the youth of the state to be brave to take part in such competitions because she sees that many of the youth in the state are not inferior compared to others but the Sabina expressed her regret that many of the youth, although they have the skills, are facing difficulties due to the lack of funds in the expenditure. She also urged the government to look after the youth. through the resources so that they can bring glory to the state and the country as a whole.
The Advisor of ICFAI University Meghalaya, Dr.VSB Sangma welcomed the alumni and congratulated the alumni who have taken this step to work together for the benefit of the students. students of this University.
At the same time, Bah Khyriem said that the village of Madan Iing Syiem, Mylliem has ordered the residents not to go to the fields to build houses in the river so that it will not cause any problems while walking. river.
He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not" (John 1:11).
The Audit also found that not all 16 processes delegated to the MB were executed by them.
The three MLAs who resigned from the post of MLA to prepare to join other political parties include Bah Hamletson Dohling MLA Mylliem from the PDF, Bah Samlin Malngiang MLA from Sohiong from the HSPDP and MLA Speaking to reporters, all three candidates who resigned from the post of MLA, who are ready to join the National People's Party (NPP), said that the NPP will soon accept the candidates. Hamletson on the 7th of this month, Samlin on the 10th of this month and Jason S Mawlong tomorrow.
However, God was still with them and they escaped from the hands of these robbers who wanted to do this evil deed.
When asked whether the approval to allow the mining of coal is a good sign for the income of the state, the Minister expressed hope that the central government has shown the issue. and it gave light to the coal mining.
Otherwise, how can these people of his dare to come and cross the border when the Regional Committees on Border Dispute appointed by the two governments have not even started inspecting the areas.
Anjanaben Thakor scored the first goal for Meghalaya in the 4th minute.
Nongstoiñ: A woman identified as Dmestibon Lyngdoh Marshillong, 38, resident of Tiehsaw village, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, has escaped death after being stabbed by a brave youth. The woman was rescued by the police when she was caught in an electricity sign which is also a highway line.
Before receiving the reply, the CEM said that many MDCs including LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin, Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC Sohryngkham and others.
Swatika Paul, 38, of Laban, died before being taken to Nazareth Hospital at 6:35 pm.
Shillong, June 3: U Bah L Michael Kharsyntiew has launched the FORCE Trax Ambulance for the year 2021 donated by the Trustee of KTIEW EMS Trust at Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital, Jaiaw Pdeng. , Shillong.
In fact, Bah EK Mawlong is a person whom his fellow MLAs should have supported to the end but because of this, he lost the golden opportunity of this year.
He is the eldest son of Mrs. Pelperu Kharphuli, who works at PHE Shillong, and Mr. K. Basaiawmoit, resident of Nongkseh, Department of Agriculture, Shillong.
The HNLC said Punjab does not have the authority to install the electricity it produces in its own state and the electricity it produces from its wells should be distributed to Haryana. Rajasthan and Delhi, but themselves generate electricity from coal, the party asks, “If Punjab has the money to buy coal and generate electricity, why do we Hynniewtrep?”.
The Chinese have their own Chinese New Year's Day and it falls in January.
He said that since he won the election in 2018, as he promised, he has collected information on the number of schools that have been destroyed.
The mother gets up and stands slowly with a scarf that has spread and covered her head and face.
In the past curfews announced by the HNLC including on the polling days, it has been seen that there has been no attention among the people, but what is surprising is that today even though many of them are still polling. but the 24 hour curfew is in force.
Conrad said the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department has received a huge amount of funds from JJM and EAP, which has reached nearly T.8000 crore.
Others, when they don't like their own bodies, say bad things.
On the other hand, the NPP Ranikor Block has requested former MLA Martin M Danggo to remain in the party as he has decided to leave the Congress party on the grounds of creating the Ranikor Civil Sub Division. The NPP party under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister and Prestone Tynsong as the Deputy Chief Minister.
Four women were seriously injured in the incident and fortunately no children were injured, according to Lumshnong Police.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Mawkyrwat Block Congress in Mawkyrwat has been increasingly involved in the fighting between the members of the Mawkyrwat Block Congress by the MPCC. MLA Rowel Lyngdoh and Mansturdy Nongrem, President of South West Khasi Hills District, who expressed their views.
She is also a wrestler who has won many arm wrestling tournaments in the state and abroad as well.
The mock drill was conducted under the supervision of the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, who personally ensured that the mock drill should run smoothly.
He said that his loyal employees have elected him in 1998, 2003 and MDC 2014 and have been able to register members in all the villages in Mawlai.
Shillong, Jymmang 09 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday urged the state government not to accept the demand of the Harijan Panchayat Committee. and theme-meter.
Mawshun Sports & Cultural Club also honored the students of Mawshun who have passed well in various examinations this year from Class X onwards. by the Club.
If it is in this way, it seems to confuse many churches, perhaps this discussion will go astray.
She recalled that in previous years, the families in the village were very poor, but when they went to school they supported themselves by staying at home and going to school in the morning or evening. in the past they were the most educated.
However, later, it became worse and worse and he had to go to the doctors.
Pakistan's squad for the tour includes:Babar Azam (C), Mohammad Rizwan (vc & wk), Aamir Jamal, Abdullah Shafique, Abrar Ahmed, Hasan Ali, Imam-ul-Haq, Mohammad Huraira, Mohammad Nawaz, Naseem Shah, Noman Ali, Salman Ali Agha, Sarfaraz Ahmed (wk), Saud Shakeel, Shaheen Afridi and Shan Masood.
The funeral service for Bah Roanald will be held on the 24th November at the Presbyterian Church Nongpyndeng WKHD. Association (TULBA) Mawkyrwat Unit today 22nd November 2023, organized a Christmas Caroling as part of the celebration of Christmas by donating food items and clothes to the needy families. and also to the elderly as part of and celebrate together this Christmas.
Looking at the small hotels across the state, it was seen that most of the managers and employees are foreigners.
In another development, the house of Adentis Lyngdoh, Lawsohtun, Block IV (Main Road), has been removed from the dam closure from today, 31st July
Rymbui is the Congress leader in charge of Lum Jaintia.
No matter how hard we try, the victory will always be for Israel. Even if someone hates Israel, even now, God is their shelter and surely Israelite is the winner.
Jowai, Nailar 28: The By-Pass road from Thadlaskeiñ to Sawmer (Mihmyntdu) has been damaged due to the deterioration of the By-Pass road. Meanwhile, the Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) West Jaintia Hills District has warned to allow vehicles to leave the road leading to Jowai if it is not repaired by the government.
while land dealers in the areas of the Containment Board and European Ward will not be affected.
This division and lack of unity among the HSPDP leaders will put a lot of pressure on the party in the 2023 elections.
As usual before the start of the shad, the leaders of the Seng Khasi gathered in the grounds of the sengseng at Mawkhar, along with the male and female dancers and the duhalia for the purpose of performing the nguh ka dem.
He said that as it appears now due to the decrease in the number of cases of coronavirus, the Government of India has allowed some sports to resume sports on the rules to be directed by the district authorities.
There were 19,11,369 voters as of July this year.
“If the demand for Garoland by the Garo friends affects the Khasi land, the HYC WKHD troops are ready to come out at any time to fight for the occupation of the land within the border of the HYC WKHD. WKHD like Shalang, Riangdo and other places in Hynniewtrep is like turning to the war of Tirot Sing Syiem,” said the party leader.
If I am to reach that Promised Land, I must descend and pass through this lyhuh.
The Mihngi Synod in Smit will be held on the 20th October, 2016 but a month before the service, Rupang has visited to inspect the preparations for the Synod.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Arts of Living, in a statement today, admitted that its two members, Samir Jolly and Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, are on a peace mission to talk to the youth. , who have been led astray and to talk to them to return to the path of peace.
In wushu, Kyrshanlang Dkhar, Asha Sunar, Sahil Singh, Rishi Kanta Singh and Pdiangtihun Dkhar won gold medals.
At the same time, he warned everyone, saying, “We have walked until this moment.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 22: Members of the VDP of Diengsyiang village in Nongkhnum area of ​​West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday morning at 12:30 pm, arrested The vehicle was used by the robbers while the people escaped.
“The Minister earlier confirmed that the road will be completed by January this year.
BJP Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang on Saturday said the government should have good reasons for the postponement of the KHADC and Jaintia Hills elections. (JHADC) for six months.
Thirteen Air Force personnel and two pilots were killed in the incident when a plane was flying from Jorhat, Upper Assam to Mechuka on the border with China this afternoon.
Three persons in a Maruti Car have escaped injured in a road accident in Ri Bhoi on Friday after their vehicle collided with a truck. Umroi Bypass road which falls under Mawpun Kshaid village.
I strongly condemn the robbery and assault on the vehicle of the General Secretary of the Khasi Student Union on the night of 23 Feb 2019 by the robbers.
The BJP's refusal to implement the ILP in Meghalaya and the refusal to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule is the reason for the BJP's rejection in Meghalaya.
In the first innings, SCA-A scored 101 runs while Tura DCA scored 9 runs after losing all their wickets for 110 runs.
With her mother's acceptance and approval, Lydia is now very happy and understands that her life will be happier when she has a husband.
“This has affected the owners of the trucks.
Shillong, July 26: Custom Police on Tuesday arrested a Nigerian drug dealer Samnneji Chukwuemeka (40) alias Moses Jeffery from Delhi. I've been in Delhi for two months now.
Because if it is seized without the law, it is difficult to fight in court.
On the morning of July 13, 2022 at about 9:30 pm, the BDO immediately informed the police about the incident.
Today, those living in the so-called Gaza Strip are suffering because of Israel's relentless air strikes.
The negligence of the KCR government has had a serious impact on the employment of the youth, he said.
We cannot say that if we look back since 1972, as a State we are short in many ways and we understand that implementing the roster system without facts but only with speculation is not easy,” he said. state.
It has to provide written notice of the suspension of all the appointments in various departments,” said Bah Ardent.
The Committee was headed by Dr.W.Ryngkhlem, a veterinarian.
Two people have died today, bringing the total number of deaths to
It is understood that the decision to leave the meeting will be a strong protest decision to force the government to repair the road, as many protests have been held by the Sengbhalang including night road blockade, blockade but the government has not believed anything yet.
Seilut Pohshna – Vice Chairman, Shlur Mukhim – Vice Chairman, Worsing Khonglah – Asst.Secretary, Bah Lurman Talang – Joint Secretary, Dr.Arwind Khonglah – Adviser, Witness Pohtam – Adviser, Tarson Lymba – Adviser, including all the elders and Secretary from the three villages shall be the executive members.
Shillong, July 16 : Meghalaya beat Baroda by 206 runs in the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy on Monday at Mangaldai, Assam.
However, while the trial was ongoing, one of the accused, Chalbinal Nangbah, passed away on
The Congress leader said that many illegal coal trucks are still passing through Dainadubi and Gasuapara at night.
Meanwhile, political parties have nominated up to 10 candidates.
It is to be recalled that on 28.9.2023 in the meeting between the two DC's of West Jaintia and West Karbi Anglong, the DC of West Jaintia, approved the demand of the Karbi to remove or evict those owners. tree.
Then God will answer your prayers.
We understand here too, that the government has its own reason to immediately enforce these strict rules, but, if it is in any form, the encouragement should be for the people, not to get adequate food and drink and many other necessities.
Any Cabinet Minister is bound by the decision of the Cabinet and if he opposes or disagrees with the decision of the Cabinet, the Chief Minister shall remove him from the ministry as happened to Bah DP Iangjuh during his tenure. L) FA Khonglam not opposed (note of dissent to the Cabinet decision on the online lottery system).
As reported,the incident happened when Pramod was swimming in the river further away from the boating site.
On the other hand, the MLA said that he does not want to join the BJP because he does not want to hurt the feelings of the Christians in the state.
In the past 24 hours, 418 people have died, bringing the total number of deaths to 16,8
Speaking to media after the football final in Mylliem, Bah Ronnie said, “You have been in trouble for less than three years and now you are trying to blame others.
The worst affected villages are from Brichyrnot, Tongseng to Umkiang and Ratacherra.
She said that this day reminded her of the past times when she used to go to Kong Streamlet Dkhar when she faced any difficulties to get good light in many areas with Kong Streamlet. With a good heart, she did not refuse at all but gave advice to Kong Silbi in many matters.
When asked about the rumors that he will contest from the TMC, Bah Edmund said that he does not know who has spread the rumors because he has not decided which ticket to contest. .
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the purpose of the Monolith Festival, which started in 2013, is to showcase the richness of the festival. of our nation in relation to the customs and traditions, which includes the rule of law, the customs to the mother, the food, the drink, the clothes of the family, the language, the dance. mastieh, you're right.
In fact, the village headmen should have taken responsibility for such a scheme and should not have given the dulir to private individuals to dig and smuggle slaves to Bangladesh.
However, the local authorities imposed a curfew as soon as they received information about the incident.
Since that day, there has been an increase in the number of cases every day and many of those cases have had to be admitted to hospital without delay.
The two accused, Kamai Muruh and Lowit Muruh, also died while the trial was ongoing.
Iolinda Wanniang, Secretary of the Mawten Village Women's Association, congratulated the Mawten Village Women's Association and wished it to grow in the days and years to come.
Nongpoh: On the day of the election of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Umroi Constituency has come first in terms of the number of voters. Jirang Constituency has the lowest turnout of 70.91%.
We will act in accordance with the Constitution that has been imposed on us, and the same is expected on their part.
"We are living in an age of change; and if there is no change, there will be no progress of any nation.
Dinesh Chandra Sarma, leader of the Uttar Pradesh Primary Teachers' Union, said that 1,621 teachers working in the Basic Education Department have died since the first month of the year. June 2021 and 90 percent of them have been sent to conduct the Panchayat elections in the state.
She also said that Laitryngew is a cold village.
Today, the Minister inspected the Inter State Bus Terminal at Mawiongrim.
The Nongpoh Kali Mandir Puja Committee has completed the puja of Maa Durga, Maa Sarawati and Maa Lakshmi and today the Nongpoh Kali Mandir Puja Committee has completed the puja. They were buried in the Umtrew River in Byrnihat.
Meghalaya will now play against sixth-placed West Bengal in Group B on 20th June
When he saw this violence of the Officer Dohlieh, he could not allow himself to listen and see the indigenous people being humiliated.
As usual, the Nongkrem Shad and the Pom Blang are held in the month of Naiwieng every year as part of the rituals of the thousands of children of the Hima Khyrim to thank the 'Lei Synshar' for The welfare of the children of the thousand in all aspects of their daily lives, whether in agriculture, income, peace, education and others.
“The KSU is surprised that while the border settlement is ongoing, the Khasi residents on the border are still being intimidated,” he said.
However, there is no point in waiting because the work has been done and the people of Sohiong have got a new MLA.
The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary (AH& Vety) Department of the State Government on Tuesday distributed piglet seeds to pig farmers in Tynring and surrounding villages. as an assistance to farmers to improve their income.
He said that the union strongly requests the government to temporarily stop the import of these pigs from outside the state. The pig farmers in the state will be severely affected by the pig farming industry if the pigs in the country are affected by the disease. state, he added.
We, as the village leaders, cannot understand their thoughts and intentions”.
Furthermore, we too, who once said that that knowledge of others has disappeared only because of this disease (covid-19).
Furthermore, the Pastor said that if Christ had not risen, it would have been in vain for the Apostles who were followers of Jesus Christ to preach and who had given their lives and been killed in the name of Christ.
Taylor Fritz (USA) 34109.
so that all those who enter the shop, especially those from outside the village, can write down their names and mobile numbers.
Shillong: On 7th November 2019, the book The Greatest Ethics Part-III was launched by the Chief Guest Spiton Kharakor at the office of the Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA).
Shillong, Nailar 29: Police of the Special Cell of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night raided a fake Call Center in Shillong. look at the public using the Internet.
Prof. Janak Jhankar Narzari, Soumitra Chatterji, Rathin Kanji, Prof. Niaz Majumdar, Falguni Mukherji, Shamita Goswami and Ketaki were also present. Choudhury, Mario Pathaw and Raphael Warjri, on issues related to their personal and social development.
They listened and many slept in the legislature.
In the continuation of today's match, Kevin will try to take the lead before he tries to score a century.
“It is to be recalled that the Registrar General of the Meghalaya High Court has lodged a Suo Moto against Bah Adelbert after he complained against the High Court after the suspension of the powers of Rangbah Shnong in .
In a speech posted on Social Media X, the Israeli leader thanked the Prime Minister of India for India's full support to Israel in its struggle against Israel. against these Palestinian Hamas militants.
As we know, the disease originated in China from a place known as Wuhan and spread around the world, causing thousands of deaths and severe damage.
On the border we hear of the insults of our people, if Assam the government says to stop, but if Meghalaya comes Assam, stop immediately and what else can we do. talk.
“The state has now increased its fish production to 19,000 tonnes per annum with the aim of producing clean fish through the Meghalaya State Aquaculturla. Before closing the meeting, the Secretary of the JPC Market Management Committee, Tbn.JB Laloo, welcomed the guests.
Shillong: Meghalaya's most dangerous militant, Sohan D Shira, the top leader of the GNLA, was shot dead in a shootout with police at 11.50 am today. step, according to the report.
Prizes were also awarded to both the teams and a special prize was awarded to Wadbor Mylliem for the best smash.
When asked about the demand for a salary increase for the Mid Day Meal workers, the Minister said, “The government has not yet increased the salary and will pay according to what they deserve”.
Nongrem was the former CEM of the Council before he was relieved of his post by Pynshngain N Syiem in the past years.
Dipankar Barua tied 36 runs from 16 balls and Swarnajyoti Ray 11 runs from 10 balls.
On the same day, u Bah Metbah also inspected the project of the Fisheries Department at Nongrangoi to set up an Aqua Park in the presence of the Superintendent of Fisheries, West Khasi Hills, Olda Khongngain and others. that riew old.
According to the chief secretary, 90 percent of religious institutions are in favor of vaccination.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Food Corporation of India (FCI) headquarters at William Nagar has been closed down after employees of the department demanded money from insurgents who distributed letters demanding money to them.
“If the government had listened to our opinion from the beginning, this protest would not have happened but it was the government that forced us,” he said.
“We all should fight to win the award in life because the award itself is the fruit of success in the life of any person who works hard in whatever field he/she does.
“The HYC requests the traders and people of West Khasi Hills not to buy any more TOPCEM dewbilat as the management wants to destroy our people in Jaintia Hills,” said Lumlang.
K.Pakma President of SURE said that one of the foundations of the Church is to respect all religions, so they have also celebrated other holidays like Christmas, Behdieñkhlam and Unitarian Anniversary every year. u year.
He explained that those who can register for the 'FOCUS' program are for those who want to start where they can form their own group of fellow farmers from the same village but They should have 40 or more members and not more than 20 members in one group. They should have a mutual understanding that for the benefits of this programme, through the group they can be promoted. the rep of their fields.
Nongstoiñ: Umiam United beat MLP 1-0 in the 1st leg of the semi final of the 2nd Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the Umiam United FC on Saturday. New Nongstoiñ Sport Social Cultural Club (NNSSCC).
“Taken.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said he has not looked at the documents related to this.
Sikhs lived in the area for hundreds of years.
“The Ri Bhoi Dorbar is also deeply saddened that the source of electricity in the state is from Ri Bhoi and when it comes back to the people they don't get the right electricity according to their needs. “We don't know why MeECL can't provide electricity as per the wishes of the people,” said Bah RB Shadap. “We don't know why MeECL can't provide electricity as the people want. all sides" he added.
In the letter, Bah Lamare said that according to the law, it is prohibited to gather people in one place because it will not cause any trouble.
The funeral service will be held on 30.09.2020 at 12 noon at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
Shillong: A woman was seriously injured when a Maruti car hit her while she was walking on the road at around 3:30 pm today.
“The opening of Lumshnong C&RD Block and the construction of Borghat Road has brought me to the NPP and the NPP leadership of the MDA government has brought many development works in Narpuh under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma,” he said. Emlangki added that joining the NPP will help bring about more development in the Narpuuh area.
The Congress party in the North East has also repeatedly tried to grant Indian citizenship to Hindus from Bangladesh.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Basaiawmoit said the NPP is trying to confuse the people because it understands that the VPP is a strong party to contest.
Besides these Assistants to the Prime Minister, the Government also pays the salary of one Steno Grade I or Grade II. One SA, one PA, one Typist, 2 Drivers, one Grade employee. IV in the office according to the need and at home 5 Grade IV employees. Except for the maintenance of the house or the salary of the Grade IV employees and drivers and not counting the travel expenses, if they go abroad, the cost is about 1 lakh tyngka.
The ordination of Fr Wilbert Marweiñ was conducted by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh of the Archdiocese of Shillong in the presence of Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli, Nuncio of Pope Francis of the Vatican Embassy. Delhi, Archbishops and Bishops of North East India, priests, ministers and faithful from this church at St. Peter Parish Nongstoin.
On the Garo side, the Chief Minister and his brother have been educated in the best universities in the world.
Nibelsi Lynshiang was elected as President, Vice President, Aitina Kharumnuid, Secretary, Streamlet Nongrum, Assistant Secretary and Norial Kharmalki as Treasurer.
The chief guest who witnessed the tournament was EMH Passah in the presence of Loompyrdi Iongpiah Village Leaders, Bimee Suwer, General Secretary Teddy Laloo and others.
Portugal's journey to the 2022 World Cup came to an end only in the quarterfinals and perhaps the last match for 37-year-old Christiano Ronaldo.
After discussing the meeting, they decided to elect temporary office bearers from Mawshynrut Constituency as the party is still in the middle of many tasks. to the Election Commission of the country and after the people approved the decision, the election of temporary office bearers was held.
"Then you light the body with a strong light, through the skin, or in any other way, it will be very helpful," Trump said.
“Wow, I don't know why the government has done anything wrong to the illegal metor drivers in Iewmawlong. EM. Nobody gave us time to collect the belongings and nobody gave us information but they came and destroyed us by force,” said one woman. they didn't put a shop in that place.
He said that the villages are far from the government buildings, and the villages are located in 12 districts and 46 blocks.
The day you play with the constitution, this country will fall apart and therefore they should not violate the principle of accepting and respecting all religions in the country," he added. .
Umru village is about 15 KM from Bhoirymbong, so if tourists who have come to see these birds and need to stay overnight, they can contact the management, so that they can get a place. There is no adequate accommodation and guards, as at present there are no adequate guest houses in the area.
It was on this day, 30th June, 2021, that this great task was accomplished.
These days we see that it is true that many people look at and hold on to the mistakes or shortcomings of others and this causes many to lose the better benefits and sorrows. and contempt for one another.
The Khasi country is rich in language, storytelling, music, song, agriculture, farming, food. you drink, which is the culture of mynbarim.
In ancient times, tympew leaves were used to treat rheumatism and to this day this method of treatment is still effective all over the world.
Therefore, he urged and taught the youth to choose friends, to help each other and to cultivate good character so that they can improve and build the future of their families and you nation.
The four teams that will qualify for the final include Sunrisers 11, Meghalaya Police Football Veterans, Friends United and Sumer Veterans.
Mynam Arif Hussain (11') scored for Manipur but Kerala responded with Mohammed Aimen (44'), Jishnu P (61') and Hafis PA (89').
He said it was suggested that the vacancies should be counted every three years so that the vacancies can be included in the count for allocation to the disabled.
Khliehriat July 7: Before we get to the section on the need for education for people with disabilities, let us turn briefly to the Ephphatha Society.
“As usual, the government can rule for five years and now they allow the government to complete five years and after that it will allow the people to decide after five years,” he said.
This video is shot only in the villages of Pynursla area including Nongshyrngan, Pongtung and Mawlynnong.
As it is now, it is no longer clear when the cases have been raised.
Besides, the Minister said that if the railway line comes, the people of Jaintia Hills will also benefit.
However, after reading, they should be prepared to walk in life to do their jobs, not just to look after government jobs.
The inspection was conducted by Dr Reuben Lamiaki Kynta, Dr Sanjib Rawat and Anesthetist Dr Nari M Lyngdoh.
However, now that it is planned to be relocated, it will cause a great loss to the people in the village.
Employees have been receiving only 2 months salary in the last 10 months of this year.
He sent the Chief of Army Staff of India, General JN Choudhury, to use force against the Nizam.
Before the ribbon cutting ceremony, Fr.G Nongkhlaw, Parish Priest of Sahsniang Parish in the presence of the residents, leaders of HITO Sahsniang and the District, gave a blessing prayer.
The University authorities shall not conduct any online examinations.
The Chief Minister of Mizoram was speaking at a meeting of party workers in Aizawl, Mizoram.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
Many Christians think that the church is the house of God.
Bah RR Thangkhiew Rangbah Shnong in his speech, congratulated this young man for doing this great work and it will be a blessing to those who live in poverty. you are not in this place.
The court also said that there is no High Power Committee to look into the matter.
Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee Anand Sharma will come to Guwahati to meet with the Autonomous District Councils of the region to listen to their views. There is nothing to say about the Central Government's intention to amend the 6th Schedule.
Ngap farming is also an easy job but all that is needed is basic training.
How much more is the law of God than the law of God?
The residents of these three areas have been banned from leaving their homes and foreigners have been banned from entering these areas.
Members of the VDP Phramer have arrested two persons involved in the theft from a truck parked at Pammanik village on Sunday morning at 1:00 pm. good morning.
Ka Bei won u, you don't have to tell him about your marriage.
There is no point if only a few want change while the majority only want words while action and will do not.
The ethnic groups who came to take part in the event were the Karbi and Tiwa.
However, it was in the 63rd minute that Umrit equalized through Donald Nongtri.
The bill will be passed by the Lok Sabha on
Pastor Gadew, while delivering the message from the Word of God at this synod service at 1:30 pm, quoted from the Apostle Paul's Letter to the Galatians 1:10 – “Am I now seeking the approval of men, or of God? Is God? Or do I seek to please men? If I were still pleasing men, I would not be a servant of Christ.
Ma Shallam said government ministers and the MLA of Jowai should not spread false information about the garbage dumping in Jowai until a proper place can be found.
Prof. Kma said he is confident that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU will change his mind soon and if he does not change his mind in the next 40 days and if he does not change his mind to suspend the implementation of the NEP, they will change his mind. “We believe that he will have a good mindset and we will give him within 40 days to change his mindset and if he doesn't change it, it would be better for him to go and do what he wants at home. NEHU cannot do whatever it wants, and we will demand that he should resign from the post of VC because he is not qualified to sit on the post because you do whatever you want, if you want to do whatever you want, go home,” he said. Prof. Kma.
Can we work together to have a cleaner city? Speaking on the village beautification competition, he added, “We will promote the program in the coming months.
Ltd also awarded trophies to the winners and losers along with individual prizes.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Three Trinamool Congress supporters who were on their way to an election campaign rally at Adokgre village have lost their lives after a pickup van carrying them collided with another vehicle. turned around in the middle of the road on Sunday.
The meeting unanimously decided to set up a synjuk to look after the sports activities in the area to promote the sports of children and youth from 10 villages.
The Umiam Dam was built in 1965 and is now more than 50 years old.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has announced that after careful consideration, the loss of many lives, injuries to people and also the death of animals and livestock such as cows, goats from All coal mine owners have been ordered to dig these crematoria to avoid tragic incidents.
On the first day, Phramer will play against Mookyndur at 3 pm.
He said that in the tests that have already been conducted, many of the people from the containment areas have been negative, so it has been decided to give containment areas only to the households where there are Covid patients.
The allocation of SDRF funds to the states is based on various factors such as previous expenditure, location, population and disaster risk.
Kokrajhar – ST: Shri Bhaba Nath
These symbols of Khasi words have their own understanding, as Khasi.
Jowai, July 17: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has launched a campaign to promote unity among its members in the state. The 6th State Conference was held from 13th to 15th July 2023 at Yungwalieh, Chilliangraij.
Arunachal started their innings with a good tied, but when Abhishek Kumar scored the ball, the tied started to decline after Abhishek scored. dismissed two of her batsmen in just his second over, followed by another before wrapping up yesterday's performance.
Another truck has stopped in front of MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ and the contractors are still busy installing x-ray machines inside the truck.
Mawkyrwat Market and Temporary Farmers Market are allowed to open from Monday to Tuesday from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm.
Like other football stars according to the current tradition, Lionel Messi and Karim Benzema now appear to be players who have a close relationship with several clubs in the league and Ronaldo has I also believe that the struggle of the clubs to buy such stars will continue to improve the entire league.
In the order, Justice TNK Singh said, “This court regrets to say that the Special Judge (POCSO), Shillong has not considered properly on the grounds of granting bail. ordered by the Supreme Court"
“It is regrettable that an intelligent Legislator has made such an unfounded allegation against the journalists on the grounds that they are giving false news and alleging that the journalists of the state are bought. The SPC said in a statement signed by President David Laitphlang and General Secretary Powell Sohkhlet.
At the same time, he urged the people to support the MDA government once again in the upcoming elections
Muhuvel Karunanidhi, who is from a village in Thirukkuvalai, 300 kilometers from Chennai, needs to consult with the intellectuals of the community as was done in the Advisory Committee. he was born in
He said that both these roads in the past few days have been very difficult to walk, especially at night and during the rainy season.
Now, we can say that the people inside the Congress have never committed any crime or corruption even if they are former Ministers like Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Bah Ronnie V. .Priest, Bah PN Syiem.
They said that the law should not be discriminated against against anyone because if such injustices are allowed, it will be a more serious threat than the violence of the GNLA in Garo Hills or the violence in Garo Hills. terrific.
" said Lydia. Hep felt that it was an opportunity for him and thought in his heart that it was the will of God.
Shillong, July 30, 2013: Police of Mawlai PS together with members of the Special Cell, Shillong, on Tuesday afternoon, after receiving a tip that there were suspected drug dealers in Mawlai Phudmuri Pdengshong, were arrested. They rushed to the scene and arrested the suspected drug dealers near the Don Bosco Museum.
Esther sent a message to Mordecai, “Go, gather together all the Jews in Shushan...I will go to the king, even though it is against the law.
Many times he has visited these areas to meet the border guards and even when the Assam Police Outpost was planned to be built in Khatkasla, he has bravely visited these areas to drive out the Assam Police.
Regarding the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police said that the brother of the Rangbah, who was shot dead by the crowd, has already lodged an Ejahar on the shooting. your brother.
“I don't have anything to repay, but only prayers that God will bless us in every way,” she said.
After the patrolling by members of the Senglongkmie from all over the villages of Nongstoin area, together with the Sengbhalang, the three liquor shops in the village had to close down completely. On the other hand, the Sengbhalang, Senglongkmie together with the village leaders of Pyndenglawar and other neighboring villages also held a meeting at the Dorbar Hall of Pyndenglawar to discuss the issue.
He said that the insurgency in the state and the North East has been able to expand due to the easy availability of weapons like AK-47 and others.
Do scientists think that they can know everything like God?  you riew biej suda.
Shillong: The city of Shillong has been experiencing severe cold weather in the past few days.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Some MDCs of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday night have asked the party to bring a motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee of Bah Pynshngaiñ. N Syiem said that many issues especially 9 issues that the party has sought clarification from the CEM. that they may bring a judgment in the council.
If you do what is right, true and righteous, no one will listen to you.
The third quarter final will be played on 15/01/2024 between Nongkhroh and Kremmyrsiang at 1 pm.
The football match was held between PFR Academy, Shillong against YBSC Football Team, in which many of the people from the village and surrounding villages came to witness and support the initiative taken by the the Club.
“All the members of the EC are in the dark about the money, which is from 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016, we don't have any information and the investigation team will find out,” he said.
This too will be a major threat to the minority population of Indian countries in the coming years.
This disease has frightened the people of the State as well as the countries of the world and the disease has claimed the lives of thousands of people.
He said that the number of people who tested positive for Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District today includes one case at Civil Hospital, one case at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, one case of tourist driver, two cases. They are nurses of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, 2 are High Risk Contacts of one person who tested positive for covid positive, one is from the Armed Forces and 4 are from outside the state.
The inspection was conducted following the order of the Meghalaya High Court under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 2017. Dr.IN Tariang was also present on the occasion. DVO, Dr M Pyngrope and others.
However, Bah PT turned away after a while, and joined hands with other political parties.
However, the Government of Meghalaya is merely a spectator without authority.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has recognized him as the leader of KHNAM and the president of the party.
He was able to produce this song after minutes of research for many days and weeks.
However, while the students were writing the examination, the guards at the examination center said that one of the questions was wrong and that the students should not write or answer.
Shillong, Lber 20: The CEM is talking to allocate the vacant seats to the HSPDP MDCs who are currently in the PDF. Shillong, Lber 20: Meanwhile, media reports said that in July The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, who is also an MLA and MDC of Mawsynram constituency, has resigned from the post of MLA. Pynshngaiñ will take over as the full president of the People Democratic Front (PDF) which is still an Adhoc Body and has only temporary office bearers.
The public is also requested not to provide personal details such as KYC to anyone without knowing whether they are true and reliable.
The Act was proposed to be submitted to the KHADC but was passed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and was approved by the Governor on 23 May .
These days, young girls need to be trained to drive tractors and one of these training centers is in Jind district, at Khatkar Toll Plaza on the Jind-Patiala National Highway.
The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), a branch of the World Health Organization (WHO), said the drug is harmful to humans and can cause cancer and leukemia.
However, just because of the 40%, it has deprived not only the youth but also the elderly to think about the future of their children.
The most popular treatment among the public is the treatment of shyieng or physical injuries.
John 1:2.
He expressed his satisfaction that such animals are still being found in the forests of the area and urged everyone to protect the forests and wildlife. -19, 2 deaths, bringing the death toll to 1407 in the state on Tuesday.
Speech was delivered by Bah Bruce Hadem, Rangbah Shnong in the presence of other elders and members of Destiny SHG. but what is more common now is drugs because these are the beverages that affect the society and the family the most.
Nongstoiñ: Members and leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Rimuliang Circle under the leadership of Samla Jylliewsing Marweiñ President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Rimuliang Circle today visited the revenue collection gate of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Rimuliang Circle. The kingdom of Nongmynsaw is located in Mawlan “B”.
Furthermore, the union said that there should be no more alcohol consumption and alcohol competition, as it was last year, because many kinds of problems have arisen. violence and immoral fighting and especially there have been deaths; due to the lack of safety measures including guards, guides and emergency services.
Some foods rich in potassium include kait, palong, motor, sohkhia and other foods.
It doesn't matter if a man treats a woman like a child, what's the problem, those who spread such pictures on social media are evil-minded.
“This decision of the High Court is far from the truth,” said the MTD. The MTD meeting held on 9th July 2015 at the Durbar Conference Hall, Mawlai Nonglum, Shillong. that the syrnod issued by the Rangbah Shnongs is based on the welfare of the residents.
According to Leston Wanswett, in Sohra, it has been heard that Donevan will be one of the ticket applicants and there is another one from Sohra Pdengshnong.
Shillong: The Traffic Police Department has announced a new traffic jam in Shillong from 27th June, 2019 in Dhankheti and Lachumiere areas to relieve traffic jam. during school hours and office hours of government employees.
In recent years, many parties have preferred to appoint high level office bearers instead of allowing party office bearers and supporters from different units or polling stations. to participate in the election of Candidates in different Constituencies.
So what are the Signs of Trouble? What is this Third Temple? And what is this day of the Last Day? Let us see: When we say the signs of the Tribulation, we mean Tribulation that has never happened before.
The former General Secretary Shnong Ma O Kya has already sent a notice to the JHADC regarding the decision approved by the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong: Rosetta Mary Kurbah has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District Shillong.
Therefore, the present and future generations should no longer accept slander, slander and stand up for their own cause of the Jaitbynriew by immediately removing any slander. I don't know what to do with my Jaitbynriew.
The JHDCA has appointed new office bearers for the 2021-24 term.
According to the video, Sanbor Pala asked for an explanation from the member who was sent to detonate the IED bomb. Don't let the explosion of the bomb turn around the people.
On the part of the Rangbha Shnong, Bah M.War together with other leaders, they expressed their deep sorrow over the negligence of the people to pollute the Jingkieng Flyover. A fine of T.5000 will be imposed on those who violate the rules and those who violate the law will be handed over to the law enforcement authorities.
Mawkyrwat, July 08: U Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the construction and improvement of two sports grounds in Ranikor Constituency. The Mawkyndeng Stadium belonging to the Kur Lyngkhoi Sports and Cultural Welfare Organization and the Mawjongjaka Stadium belonging to the Kur Lyngkhoi Sports and Cultural Welfare Organization.
We are here to bring development projects to the people and those who really need them so that every household in the state can benefit from the schemes that the NDA government has provided to the people of the state.
Furthermore, SBYWA through S.Shadap President SBYWA congratulated Mr. J Tariang, EE PWD (NEC) for his initiative and the staff of the department to clean up the soil and stones between the The Rymbai-Bataw-Borkhat-Sonapur road before reaching Borkhat Kwator village.
Not only the Jaïaw drivers, but the Mawtawar taxi drivers will also face the problem as they have to park opposite the Mawlai auto rickshaw stand.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 20: The family members, loved ones, the people of Kynshi and West Khasi Hills as well as the police and officers of the state today paid their last respects to the body of a hero who He was killed in an IED bomb blast at Rewak village on the road to Siju, Baghmara on Tuesday.
He also spoke about the Hima Bhowal and Malai Sohmat where he showed the documents and admitted that the EC has not done anything wrong, but has acted according to the rules of law.
Metbah said that during his tenure with the MDA Government, there have been many protests and he did not deny that but he said that it is not the UDP-led Government, and he has heard the complaints. It is now the turn of the UDP for all the candidates to work hard in all the constituencies nominated by the party.
He said that the village which has 30 households and 135 residents is facing problems due to lack of electricity and their children have to prepare their books by burning sharak at night.
Referring to Ampareen's claim that the Congress has already banned her from leaving the party, Vincent said, “We have banned them in such a way that we don't want to have anything to do with the party. BJP.Should we allow them to join hands with the BJP.It has never happened in India that the Congress has joined hands with the BJP. suspension has nothing to do with us.
It is also seen that almost the entire road has been flooded with sewage which has caused a lot of trouble to the pedestrians.
“If you have a chronic fever and cough, you should be careful because you may have pneumonia.
As mentioned above, the MCCL Colony has become like a small country in India.
" replied Hep. As soon as they had finished drinking, all three of them left the house and set out for the fields of Lydia's father and mother.
Taking to Twitter, Sangma expressed his happiness by saying, “I have met the wrestlers from Meghalaya who have won three medals in the Asian Arm Wrestling Cup. which was launched in Uzbekistan.
Earlier, Dr. Nonglait reminded that the research will focus on customs and traditions, religion, family, language, tribe, customs and traditions. Hima and Elaka, rights and customs, customs and traditions, beliefs, land tenure, music, monuments, mawbyna, handicrafts, food and drink , traditional medicine, as well as about the heroes of the Jaidbynriew such as the Khasi Syiems, Rev JJM Nichols Roy and many others.
He also urged the various political parties to do whatever is necessary to restore peace and stability.
The shelter was occupied by members of the United Socialist Revolutionary Army (USRA), the Kuki National Front (KNF) and the United Tribal Liberation Army. (UTLA) and members of the Kuki National Front (Zougam)/KNF-Z. Regarding the incident, the state police have issued a red alert to Find back these stolen weapons.
NPP spokesperson James Sangma said all the students should be released immediately to restore order in Garo Hills.
The chief guest was Ma Sanbor Shullai, MLA/MDC of Laban, Bad, President of the NCP in Meghalaya and Deputy Speaker of the Assembly.
Not only that, the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah said that even in the morning there is a terrible fear especially in the evening when people from this area enter the village, do nothing wrong. very dangerous.
Therefore, the church authorities have written a letter to the DC and demanded that the company should build a well to prevent the landslide. also to pay compensation to those land owners who have been affected by the landslide in many parts.
Trains can be slow from time to time, except for many dangers.
He strongly criticized the present MDA government for forcibly signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) without the knowledge of many of the residents in the border areas. Meghalaya-Assam) has become like 'Mait', 'Ot' and 'Umdum' for the people, said Sutnga.
The death toll has risen to 794 with 37 deaths.
Besides the salaries of government employees, the Meghalaya government will also release the salaries of muster rolls and bills of contractors.
“This place is one of the places where the vehicles of the passengers and especially the tourists, used to stop for food and drink and many of the indigenous people They have set up shops as a source of income for them and if this weighbridge is set up it will be a great loss to the people who have earned their living by selling shops in this area,” said Bah Raynald Kharkamni.
Members of the union have also visited the river in the past few days where the mining of shyiap in the river has been terrible by using JCBs to dig and mine. sand.
The teacher was arrested after an FIR was lodged against him at Women PS Jowai by the family of a child who was taught by the teacher.
The famous Syntu Ksiar, which is part of the Myntdu River where Kiang Nangbah fell into and came out with living branches, to prove that he was God's chosen leader and struggle against the British rule in Jaintia Hills.
In his speech, the Chief Minister promised to release the salary of the Council before the Behdieñkhlam festival this year, so that the employees of the Council can meet their needs in many areas.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlyntriang Unit today visited the Nongsynrang LP School, Mawlyntriang.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: An unexpected incident has happened to the family of Kiarling Massar, resident of Lad, Nongshken. He fell dead because his friend had accidentally shot him with a gun.
The road from Motphran to Bimola to Bijoi area is filled with poi ei which has blocked the road and disrupted the traffic of the people.
Speaking to media, the leaders of the RBYF Western Zone Zone including Bah Active Pator President and Bah Runningwell Syngkli Secretary said that the RBYF Western Zone Zone has demanded that the government should expedite the Civil War. Sub Division in Patharkhmah which is entitled to and which the people of the area are waiting for until now will be completed for the convenience and convenience of the people in relation to government offices.
“Many government funds of the people have been corrupted but nothing has been done when complaints have been lodged just because of the involvement of politicians and officers,” said the CSWO. shrink.
Therefore, the chief executive officer of the union, Sebastian Coe, said that equality between men and women is a very important part of the reform of the union since it was introduced in in the year
It is very foolish that the decision of the Legislative Assembly, which is the voice of the people, has been ignored by the Government of India for nearly two years.
Among the most prestigious universities in the country, the Indian Institute of Science came first, Jawaharlal Nehru University came second and Jamia Millia Islamia came third.
Since 1972, appointments have been made in accordance with the provisions of this Policy which clearly states that if no one is eligible for a job from any ethnic group, it can be filled by other ethnic groups. the state.
When she became a child, the mother threw her child day and night.
“Therefore, the union urges the contractors to employ their own people, because as it is now many of our youth or Khasi workers are unemployed and without employment, and perhaps to release them. “The union urges the employers and especially the contractors to refrain from bringing in foreigners in the workplace,” said the President of the circle.
The Seng also urges the State Government to follow up on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Eighth Schedule and requests all the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to follow the example of the Deputy. Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District who are involved in any work with various institutions so that the mother tongue will stand firm and become the language recognized by the Government of India.
Besides honoring the MLA, the UDP-Nongtalang Circle also donated gifts to the disabled, the elderly and the election singers.
He said that yesterday, Councilor Wahlang from Mairang came to meet with the party along with 2000 supporters and in the next few days he said that one MDC himself Rahman from GHADC Rajabala constituency will join the party along with thousands of his supporters.
From civil society organizations, pressure groups, private leaders and others such as social thinkers, women and men, youth and elderly, to parents, who have discussed this issue from home to the news. and who have understood the needs and especially the needs of the nation as a whole.
The 27 Congress MPs suspended include BN Chand Rappa, Santok Singh Chaudhary, AHK Choudhury, Sushmita Dev, Ninog Ering, R Dhruvanarayana, Gaurav Gogoi, G Sukender Reddy, Deepender Hooda, S Kodikunnil, SP Muddahanume gowda. , Abhijit Mukherjee, Mullappally Ramachandran, K H Munniyappa, B V Nayak, Vincent Pala, M K Raghavan, Ranjeet Ranjan, C L Ruala, T Sahu, Rajee Satav, Ravneet Singh K Suresh, K C Venugopal and T Meinya.
Meghalaya, which is the owner of the tournament, has shown to the world that it has improved rapidly in the tournament as it has moved up from the sixth position in 2018 to the top position. four this year with 36 gold medals which is 12 times what they won in
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 5 cases including 1 high risk contact, 3 cases from JUD Cement Factory Cluster and 2 cases from outside.
Nongpoh, Lber 06: Even after the government authorities have completed the demolition of all the illegally built houses on the land of the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation Ltd (MIDC) at Umiam, Ri Bhoi District, It is surprising to see that the Nepalis who lived in the area did not flee at all, but it was found that some of them had rebuilt those houses which had been destroyed.
The union said that the prohibition to transport goods by foreign vehicles, even if they have national permits, is illegal under the Motor Vehicle Act, paragraph 66 'The vehicle covered by a National Permit shall not pickup or set down goods between two points located in the same state other than the Home States" and also in accordance with “The United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District(Trading by Non The Tribals) Regulations 1954, and the Trading by Non-Tribals Rules 1959 stipulate that these foreign vehicles cannot operate in the territory of Hynniewtrep without obtaining a license from both the Autonomous Districts. .
This was announced by the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
After conducting investigation, a chargesheet was filed against him under CS No.1/2
Many states have been able to reduce the spread of the disease and also with the responsibility of the community, many residents in such states have been able to complete the vaccination as directed. The government does not allocate age groups or lines of work.
Shillong: A man who used to live by selling tin jot in marten, has been reported missing yesterday after selling tin jot.
Recently, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone said that the State Government has decided to provide subsidy to the farmers for the purchase of fertilizer.
“Akbar grabbed my right shoulder and kissed me and I just listened and let him do that,” Kamp said on Twitter today.
Shillong: U Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstar Well Chyne today sought clarification from the SRT. The rule of counting the jait is not the same if the jait is given to the male because according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi, the jait is given to the female.
Speaking at a rally in Guwahati today, Sinha said the people of the North East should ensure that the BJP does not deserve to win a single Lok Sabha seat in the state. this time I will not come.
If you really want to know whether the people support you, hold public meetings away from the market like Synod meetings.
If the date of his birth is told, it means that God will have to tell the date of Jesus' return to earth.
Even though the Model Code of Conduct has been implemented, they are still allowed to carry guns and have done this to intimidate and intimidate the voters in this area,” said the party.
Earlier, Kharshiing had sent a complaint to the former Governor Dr KK Paul on 8th July 2014 but the matter is still pending.
At that time, there will be a great impact on the Muslim and Christian ethnic groups like the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo in Meghalaya.
He said the election of new office bearers including the party leader will be in the hands of the General Council.
Besides Afri, another candidate for the post is Abu Ali al-Anbari of Iraq.
“The appointment of foreigners in Cricket, Table Tennis, Basketball and Wushu is an unfair choice and they are leading Meghalaya.
Furthermore, the lawkyntang has a story because according to some of the elders, Pnah Kyndeng is one of the Lawkyntang of the Raid Nonglyngdoh which is still large and wide. Kyntang also has a cremation ground where the labadur or lymbit live and it is also the largest cremation ground. skud and all kinds of medicines.
Speaking on the occasion, Bindo said, “I have been there before the formation of the HPU and UDP and others are coming later but when there are those who want to take over, it doesn't matter. you party".
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) on Tuesday honored Bonifilia Shullai at a function held at the Conference Room of the Shillong Sports Stadium, First Ground, Polo.
The Nguh of the Dem, the Kyrpad of the Kyrpon, the Prayer of the Phirat is that God will help us to escape the Jemrngiew of the Jemdaw, to strengthen the Bok of the Rwiang and to establish the Hok of the Word.
There are 61 illegal coal mining factories in Shallang West Khasi Hills.
In 1835, during the reign of Rajendra Singh, the British East India Company took over the entire Jaintiapur Hima.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 14 : Rangmaw Sports Club beat Domjyrti Sports Club by seven wickets in the 5th Super Division District Cricket League, South West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (SWKHDCA) at Madan Motmeron, Jakrem, South West Khasi Hills District.
In a statement issued by the President of the All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization, Bah MH Dkhar, they have expressed their deep anger and demanded from the PWD Central Division, Jowai. The union should immediately repair the NH44 road within a few days otherwise the union will declare a strong protest.
“They don't do anything to the Dkhar Bangladeshis but they protect them and we know who delivers fish, who delivers jhur to the BSF in their camp but why do they give freedom to foreigners while ours? without any thought they took his life," he added.
On the final day, Ian Campbell, former Olympian and founder of Arms Physical Testing and Robert Kabbas (former Olympian) were the guests.
The Khasi Hills, which was known in the past as a country of honor and morality, a country that flows only with milk and fish, but where are they now? the time when the future generations will make them merely puriskam.
Jowai: The Catholic Church of Iooksi, Parish Mowkyndeng, Jowai Diocese, has celebrated the 100th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Iooksi, which was inaugurated by the conversion of Alexender Papeng on the 23rd of July. In short 1923, followed by others like Hercome Latam, Limon Tangliang, Glara Manner and as the days and times went by, the number of members of the Church increased.
After cutting down these trees, at 1 pm, the children of the Sein Raij Mukhla under the leadership of Pa Langdoh Niam and Waheh Sankur left to take away these two trees. these stakes were laid on the ground to be erected tomorrow.
Those who attended the second service heard a very interesting sermon from the Word of God, but one of the sad things for the people was that many of the people after the second service, They are ready to leave for their homes to the churches, they have experienced traffic jam for hours, many of the people have not been able to leave the parking lot since the time. 3:30nohsngi, they were still escaping from the traffic jam until 9 pm, and after they got out of the parking lot they encountered another traffic jam on the road, and on the road for more than two hours until When they reached the Mawkdok Bridge, the vehicles were saved.
Besides the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs, Sushilkumar Shinde, who opened the meeting, also expressed his appreciation for the state of peace and order in Garo Hills.
Looking at pictures and reading your friends' posts will make you want to compare your imperfections with your friends' well-being and this affects your mental health.
He said that during the last five years under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as Prime Minister, there has been no sleep deprivation on the leadership struggle and the reason is that he is a skilled leader and can handle everyone.
We can do this by appealing to the Supreme Court for the most fair decision on both sides.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 7: The Seiñ Raij Shnong Tuber on Saturday held a Sukra dance at Aitnar Hall in Tuberkmaishnong where the Deputy C.E.M. Lasky Rymbai, Waheh Shnong Tuber Kmaishnong, Waheh Shnong Tuber Kmaishnong, Bah Miki Lyngdoh and other leaders of the Seiñ Raij Tuber were also present. .
Meghalaya top scored by 83 runs with Raghav Kapur scoring 50 runs and Kush Agarwal (46 runs).
For example, Muslims who are Muslims have the Triple Talaq Act which allows the husband to say the words “Talaq, talaq, talaq” to divorce his wife. a wife whom he has lived with and has children with, and he may marry another woman.
You can tell only your parents, children, friends, and even a young person.
The union later handed over the Dkhar to the Mawsynram Police Station for further investigation.
He was speaking at a function held at the Indian Air Force Station, Hakimpet today to mark the Diamond Jubilee of the Chetak helicopter service to the country.
Spanish tennis star Carlos Alcaraz has once again expressed his interest in participating in various tournaments including the French Open. Stefanos Tsitsipas, 6-2, 6-1, 7-6 (7/5) against Greece's Stefanos Tsitsipas, beat Greece's Stefanos Tsitsipas 6-2, 6-1, you're lying.
If you want to live in your own country, Remember the Shon Jaitbynriew;
The Kchu ka Siang gave the title of 'KA RI BLAI' and gave it to the Kmai Yung and Yung Blai of each family.
He said the CPC has also decided to implement the Swach Abhiyan from this year and the cleanliness drive will start from 18th March at Polo.
The Chief Minister at a meeting in Mawphlang today said that he will release a scheme of T.22.49 crore for the construction of a road connecting Mawphlang and Mawngap for the preparation of the Terra Madre International Slow Food Festival. this year here in the village.
Cricket Lovers Sohra scored 97/6 in 18.4 overs after the first innings.
Shivraj Singh Chauhan of the BJP has been the Chief Minister of the state since
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested a man for allegedly robbing T.2 lakh from his employer.
At the same time, they demanded that the District Council should remove the throne of Nangtei Syiemiong and if the District Council does not listen to this demand of the people of Langrin Hima, the Hima Youth Wing and the people of the kingdom shall do what is necessary.
“The report also found that during the outbreak of Covid-19, the number of cases was the highest, with 365 cases in 2020 and 378 cases in
In the final match, Sibsing Memorial High School beat East Garo Hills School by two goals. These goals were scored by Banteilang Kharmusalman and Wankerlang L.Lyngkhoi.
Now the question for the Government is: Is it based on the fact that the 51-year-old decision since 1972 will affect the youth today? Another question to the 36 MLAs of Khasi-Jaintia whether they are in the Government or the Opposition is: When you were elected to lead us in the name of the Jaitbynriew, it was not Why don't you work together to defend the rights of the Jaitbynriew?? Why would 24 always beat you 36? What will you lose if you work together with one voice to change and update the Reservation Policy? If it is true that you love the nation as you contested during the election, it is time for you to resign otherwise you have turned away and you have deceived us the citizens and the people. the whole nation.
They are able to transport and absorb the essential nutrients your body needs.
Therefore, members should attend classes and complete the courses on time,” he added.
Although the investigation is ongoing, it is suspected that the fire may have been caused by the meter box.
The Green Tax will apply to private vehicles when they renew their Registration Certificate after 15 years.
Prestone Tynsong, Minister of PHE, on Saturday inaugurated the 2KM road, which was constructed under the General Scheme at a cost of Rs. it costs T.
Both these villages live in the same area of ​​the village and now there is no more dispute although they have their own village authority.
“We don't have any complaints about this institution, but what we want is that the authorities in charge of this institution should take action and release the children of our Northeast especially the children who are from “We have 14 Khasi children and one Garo child,” he added.
They said that today they have banned the vehicles from bringing fish to Shillong, but they said that there are some fish which were brought yesterday which are still left which they have not yet brought. sell.
Shillong: The Congress party has strongly criticized the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for its failure to conduct the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET) examination. on the theft incident questions.
During the British rule, it was believed in the minds of the Khasi people that these traditional Khasi stories and thoughts were dark and unknown to the world.
The government vehicle was driven by a man known as Bah Basar.
“The people of Nongkrem know me well, so we just need to bring better explanation on the use of money so that the people will not fall into this trap,” he said.
Israel has said more than 130 of its soldiers have been killed in the fighting and about 50 families have been attacked and whose children have been abducted. Hamas forces.
The farmers were shocked and worried because they were banned from coming to Shillong for nearly 10 months, and many of their crops were damaged.
If this plan of the BJP government in Delhi succeeds, our country will become a New India.
Three Gypsy vehicles suspected to be police vehicles were set on fire.
The bench led by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said, “Because the complainants have appealed to the Supreme Court that they have not been able to respond or explain before the High Count. The court allowed the company, which was represented by lawyer SP Mahanta, to respond within a day.
“The Governor has announced that an Expert Committee has been set up to include the Chairman, experts from the Constitutional Law Department, Economic, Sociology, Demographic Studies and other relevant departments. .
On this occasion, the Ïing Dorbar held a few minutes of silence as a sign of condolences on the passing away of these leaders.
Turning back to the MSP (which the government is now working to implement), this is implemented through the Agriculture Produce Marketing Committees (APMCs) of the states.
However, in Meghalaya, there are villages run by MLAs, MPs or MDCs. The rights of the people have been violated in the dirty politics of the village headmen and public servants or MLAs, MPs, MDC because there is no village governance system according to the law.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 8: 'The government's dismissal of contract teachers teaching in Government LP Schools has been a great loss not only to them.
The Secretary of the Executive Committee of KHADC in a letter to the SDO on 29th July last month, said that the term of office of the Shella Dorbar Shnong will end soon and the new office bearers will be elected at the Dorbar Shnong. .
Within hours of the signboard being destroyed, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) authorities replaced it with another signboard at the same place.
Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary HYC Sengkmie, has inaugurated the office bearers of the Circle.
Interested and eligible candidates can apply online through official websitefromAdmission would be done through Common Entrance Exam to be held at various centers.
Other races do not respect these customs of others, but accept and respect them as well.
In a statement sent to the media, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that on the 12th of this month, at 2:00 pm, the police Teiborlang Kharmutee, 38, resident of Mawdiangdiang, Shillong, has been missing since the 11th of this month. He was last seen at Tynring Bus Station in Iewduh at 5:00 pm.
In the recent mid-term elections in Ampati, all the MDA coalition parties supported the NPP candidate Clement Momin who was defeated by the son of Dr Mukul Sangma.
Of these, only 77 remained and all of them have left.
He said that Dasakhiatbha Lamare has done a lot for Mawhati, where under his leadership, the people of the area will receive many benefits. Dasakhiatbha Lamare, has reached more than T.300 crore and therefore Mawhati itself still needs to get back the NPP so that it can get more development projects.
“Until now, I haven't seen the suspension order for the MLAs from the AICC. Whether that order is only from the MPCC. “It is their right (MLAs) to support the Government but the suspension is very wrong,” he said.
The Minister said that all schools should use the books directed by the MBOSE.
Prabhudutta Sahu, General Manager, NABARD, LT Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Isagahah Lawynniang, Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat Village Minister and other invitees were also present.
But that too depends on the ECI to decide.
From Shillong to Tura and Selsella, Clement's body was accompanied by leading Congress leaders Dr Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, Himalaya Shangpliang and others. four leaders.
The main reason why these WSHGs need a lot of funds is to implement various development projects.
On the night of the 6th and 7th of this month, a clash broke out between the two groups in front of the DHS office, Laitumkhrah.
To the family of (Late) Tbn Morit Swer who passed away on 17/06/2021 and was buried on 17/06/2 I thank the Lord God for taking care of us in this time of sorrow.
It is also alleged that many TMC MLAs in the state are also in trouble because they have not been able to convince their followers as promised.
He said that he did not understand that he would not be elected again. Ardent had said in the Dorbar that he was too busy and could no longer hold the post of Chairman.
“He also urged the government to sympathize with those who have the desire to apply for jobs and those who are elderly due to the spread of Covid-19 which has severely affected the society. society and to the daily lives of the general population.
Police said that after the Scooty collided with the Hyundai Eon, it also collided with the wheel of a truck (ML 11 8622), driven by Iohbor Lapasam. from Shangpung village, East Jaintia Hills, that these two persons were stabbed in the head until they lost their lives.
However, the state has grown rapidly in income from 2018-2019 to 2020-2
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr R Budnah, in charge of the Integrated Diseases Surveillance Program (IDSP), said that no cases of Swine Flu have been confirmed yet. take precautions to prevent this type of disease.
The cooperation of all the ethnic groups of the State will ensure peace and order for the children, grandchildren, grandchildren and also for the youth of future generations.
The deceased were identified as Bah Haliroi Kongwieng, Rangbah Shnong of Nongsohphang and Bah Cornelius Khongrymmai, 41 years old. Bah Baklajied Kongwieng, 26, survived the incident.
To enrich the day, there were also many programs through traditional songs, dances and others with the participation of various artists of the District and the State as a whole.
“You demand the removal (DGP, SP) and you can demand, but the fact is that those who have been arrested are from political parties.
The meeting unanimously decided to protest against the government's lack of attention and the Sordars of Hynriew Dorbar Shnong decided to give their full support to the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng and take part in the protests. .
Regarding the lack of network, the SSTP has given 1 month to these companies to provide the network and if they cannot provide, they will take other companies. They have taken stricter measures against these companies who have installed towers in the area, but have not provided the network.
Meetings have also been directed to be held between teachers and parents, for this purpose, where injection centers will be set up in the grounds of schools and colleges.
On the other hand, Mynthong tried to turn the tide but could not due to the skill of the defenders of Mukhla Raij and the match between the two teams ended 1-0
to receive advice from such elders, Only that I am a poor child from the countryside, where shall I find it?
:The office of the Deputy Commissioner on July 1 has issued an order that from July 5, the odd-even number of commercial vehicles in Shillong will be resumed as part of the Congestion and traffic jam in Shillong.
Thus, Nehru portrayed all these peoples as living together in one India - 'Unity in diversity'
In Block-II, the Raid Nongtung was placed under Block-II and Ummat village which was invaded by the Khasi was not owned by Assam and many villages were not owned by Assam.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly said that the state government should not allow the nine people from the state to enter the country until they have completed their treatment in Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. until approved by the authorities in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
I was shocked and surprised,” said Bah Bindo.
She said that women from the North East have been the victims of violence and the central government has not done anything to stop this and punish the perpetrators.
“We don't know when this virus will end and we don't know when it will enter our homes so I request them to take action to go and get Tikka,” he said.
He said that one of the issues that the UDP is supporting for Pynshngaiñ is his opposition to the MUDA boundary crossing but the HSPDP has held a public rally at Madan Malki to protest. to the Secretariat to demand that the state government should strongly oppose the MUDA border crossing but after meeting with the Minister of Urban Affairs, the leaders of the union have accepted the implementation of the Building Byelaw of MUDA in the Scheduled Areas. areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
The Ramakrishna Mission in Kuralbanga has a free school and an orphanage.
Shillong: Assam Police have arrested Omprakash Sharma, 59, and his son Pankaj Sharma, 25, for setting up an illegal coal mining site on the Assam-Meghalaya border. proper documentation.
“My brothers and sisters are older and more educated than me, both of them have PhDs, so I am sure they know what to do. jam that they choose," he said.
Khliehriat, Nailur 26: Leaders and members of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) today protested against the government's failure to take action to repair the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District. The NHAI Toll Plaza at Lumshnong has been closed down.
And it is also important to be careful of sexual immorality.
The village leaders were also requested to go to Mukroh as soon as possible to meet the Rangbah Shnong of Mukroh, Bah Hamboi Sumer and the families of the deceased.
“If this continues, the union will not hesitate to demand that the CBI should investigate and the union also expresses that the lack of attention of the relevant authorities will force the union to take other measures. They also took steps to implement this issue which has affected the people.
When asked about the number of Bakhraw who can take part in the election, he said that at present there are about 41 Bakhraw who can take part in the election.
India will indeed collapse or break out in a terrible religious war if its people do not understand the mutual respect between one religion and another.
“The Minister said that these new offices within NEIGRIHMS will greatly assist in bringing and training experts in the field of health services in the Northeast.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) in the past few days has expressed its dissatisfaction with the government's decision to allocate land to them in Mawbah.
The assistant on the song was Pynshongdorlang Warlaitthma and the make up artist was hired by SV Make-Up Studio.
“Compared to the number of people with disabilities in the state, the number of government jobs is very low,” said Bah Kharjana, one of the disabled people.
The tournament was concluded with the presence of Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, Secretary RBDSA, as the chief guest, Bah Tishanbor Lymphiud, President of Nongkya Sports Club, Bah Daminot Sylliang and other officials of the RBDSA. region.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday demanded the repeal of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA) in Nagaland.
UP has 80 Lok Sabha members, West Bengal 42 and Bihar
As part of the goal of making the state a prosperous state in all aspects, the UDP has promised to introduce better policies such as health, employment development, to provide the people across the state to provide the best health care to the people of the state at an affordable price.
While the wheels of the car were turning on the road to go home.
He said that this health care system has now failed due to the use of health care facilities that this modern era has brought to the society.
Nongstoin, July 10: The FKJGP West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday renewed the office bearers of the FKJGP Nongstoin Circle, at a meeting held at the Circuit House DRDA Nongstoin.
Many serious diseases that can cause pain and even death, such as measles, tuberculosis, diphtheria, measles, polio, tetanus and others, can be prevented by vaccination. right.7.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday inaugurated two development schemes including the Prime Hub Umdihar and the Pineapple Processing Unit at Umdihar village, Ri Bhoi District. MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh and MDC Magdalene Mawlong were also present.
It was informed that the parking lot for these commercial vehicles has been arranged at Loomsooïung New Hills instead of Mr. N.Challam, so that the entrance to Thomas Jones will be clean and tidy.
“I have decided to obey the Seng's request to go on strike in front of the Secretariat as a continuation of the protest against the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Ardent. .
Of course, it is always a righteous demand but when we put the current situation in perspective, we have to take the right decision and we feel that we should move forward now and bring back changes. tomorrow otherwise the Government of India will not agree to proceed with the work,” he added.
The number of cases of coronavirus in Haridwar has risen sharply and more than 600 people have been infected with the virus every day.
The Dorbar Shnong Khanduli has rejected the claim of the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District Krishna Buruah that Khanduli falls under the jurisdiction of the Khanduli District.
An A-26 driver, Mohammed Shafi Armar, who is currently missing, has expressed his desire to go to Syria to join other militant groups.
On the other hand, Bah Phrestar Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma for the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
India and Bharat are related words in the Constitution of the country, so there is nothing wrong,” Sangma told reporters.
Therefore, he said that IS is a serious threat to the people of Afghanistan these days, as hundreds of people will be injured and killed from time to time while the authorities Afghanistan's government has not been able to provide adequate security for the country.
He said that the truck drivers as soon as they burnt down and destroyed these offices, they fled in their vehicles and also to avoid the limit according to the order of NGT. The Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police, Magistrates and Police rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
Speaking to reporters, Ricky Shullai said he was surprised to see in the newspapers that his name appears as a Peon of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. The resignation letter was sent to the Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the same day.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 350 new cases and 5843 active cases in the State.
It is also prohibited to park vehicles in these areas during the day and especially at night which causes inconvenience to the passengers. act contrary to or violate this warning.
The training was conducted by Rev. NO Kharlukhi, Moderator of the Presbytery.
Everyone expects the MPs to be polite and respectful, but the people have been disappointed by the inability to run the Dorbar properly.
On Saturday, 208 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed in the state, 2 people have died, bringing the death toll to
Sangma, 19, of Dalu, WGH (BJP), Bregrimseng S. Marak, 19, of Baghmara, SGH (TMC), Pangchu R. Sangma, 18, of Siju, SGH (TMC), Kimkim K. Sangma 32 years old of Tikrikilla, WGH (TMC), Lastbirth M Marak 23 years old of Ampati, SWGH (TMC), Sangra R.Marak 32 years old of Baghmara, SGH (TMC), Greatster N.Marak 27 years old of Ampati, SWGH (TMC), Salseng Ch.
Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said that the best platform to explain the reservation policy and roster system is with the Government and not within the government. the state legislature.
II. The Dorbar Trai Ri, especially the Dorbar Shnong, shall be empowered by law to prevent and control the entry and stay of foreigners in the State.
He said that it does not mean that Shella constituency has only UDP supporters, there are also many Congress supporters.
Furthermore, the group has worked with the government authorities, Dorbar Shnongs and the villagers to bring about a clean environment in the Myntdu River, so that the drinking water that reaches every household will be clean. .
When asked, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The use of Japanese equipment in the Ganol Project is because it is a new project but if the Technical Experts suggest to replace the Japanese equipment, “If you don't have a hydro project in the state, you don't have a Japanese authority, the Government can't think about how to do it”.
They have been taken away by the Assam Police and charged and the investigation is ongoing to find out more about those involved.
The MLA condemned the action of the Assam police and urged the government to take immediate action.
Police arrested Jha while he was campaigning as an independent candidate to contest the Jhanjharpur Parliamentary Constituency as an independent candidate.
He said that as of now, the Land Transfer Act 1972, the state has failed, because foreigners will buy land in the state.
The Rangbah Shnong has issued a Janma Nama without a stamp,” said Rao, who is the Chief Minister of the state.
Earlier, the state government had temporarily shut down the Internet in the district for 48 hours on Friday.
After receiving the letter, she said that Purno has done his part by speaking in Parliament on the special session of the Lok Sabha to commemorate the birth anniversary of 125th Birth Anniversary of Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkhar on 27th November,
“What remains now is the construction of the buildings on the land donated by the village,” said Bah D.Laloo who expressed his gratitude to all the authorities and others who have been involved in the fight against the for the purpose of establishing this department of the university in Jaintia Hills.
“Their desire to meet Amit Shah does not mean that they will join the BJP but they want to congratulate him and discuss other issues,” said Bah Shibun.
Furthermore, the HITO has invited the people of the state, including the sons and daughters of the indigenous people, the Raïot who have lived and brought up in this land. cutting across community, caste, or creed), that they also serve the Abode of the Clouds wherever they are.
Shanborlang recently represented the state in the boxing tournament in Mathura, Uttar Pradesh and won a gold medal. Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 will be held in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
This was announced by the Secretary to the State Government at the Secretariat of the Chief Minister.
Why can't the Polytechnic be completed and opened or the parking lots in Nongstoiñ be built, why can't the hill where the Police station is located be demolished?
Khyllait also won the Khasi Hills Challenge 1.0 which was held recently at Kharang, East Khasi Hills District. The tournament was sponsored by the Shillong Press Club.
“We live in India which we believe is a democratic country, the Constitution of the country clearly states to respect the ethnic groups living in the country, language, religion and so on.
So he has all the wise men of Babylon killed, including Daniel and his friends.
On the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act 1997, Bah Bindo said that the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act 1997 and other customs and traditions should be thoroughly reviewed as there is no problem in amending the laws without amending the laws. the customs and traditions of the nation.
But we will not give in to political threats,” said Gurjit Singh.
He said that the book he has just published this year is “The Stories That Are Outside the Country”.
In the final match of the day, P.S.A beat Demthring 4-0
This comes after the All India Football Federation (AIFF) announced the schedule on Friday.
Nongpoh, Lber 31: A strong storm with rain and cold has hit many parts of Ri-Bhoi District today and Jirang area is one of the worst affected areas. destruction of houses and crops.
The Association has decided to file a lawsuit against the Revenue Department of the Government to avoid the problem of applying for Exemption Certificates. Income Tax u/s 194 (c) of the Income Tax Act 1961, under section 10(26) all foreign contractors are not required to pay even one penny of tax and it is on this basis that the The Association has decided to fight as hard as it can to get this right.
Dr Andreas was born on 25 November 1965 in Malki.
The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on July 19, said that it is the duty of the government to inform the public if there is any danger in the consumption of any kind of food.
According to the video, the violence of Bah Tipsuk Shabong was witnessed and the drivers who assisted the Traffic Police and strongly condemned his wrongdoing.
Remember that lying, cheating, greed, murder and corrupt politics will destroy the country and the state.
“I will not go home as a loser that is why I have decided to continue my hunger strike here and on my part I appeal to the people that you don't have to bother to come with me but let them and some of the elect shall follow me," he added.
The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has urged the PWD (RDs) department to repair the road from Rymbai to Borkhat as the road is in poor condition.
Replying to this, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that all the houses of the people who came to skud jak have been destroyed.
“He also alleged that the decision they took was only for the money until West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and the border were destroyed.
“If nine people leave, the government will not fail.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the flat system will have at least 12 blocks in the same area where each unit will be distributed to those people whose names have been registered on the list. of 342 households as mentioned by the High Court.
However, on the other hand, the residents of Nongspung Hima today came to carry a flag in front of the KHADC, to demand that it should appoint the Syiem, Paiem Petrick Syiemiong, because according to the According to them, he has done nothing wrong to the Kingdom.
In many cases, the Khasi language uses the word “Ka” to refer to things that are large and wide, for example: Heaven, earth, world, sea, field, village, etc.
The government has said it is ready to talk to any rebel group including the GNLA and HNLC only if they come forward with concern and determination.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will commemorate the 24th death anniversary of Bah Bull N.Lyngdoh (President, KSU 1984 – 1989) on 07th November in front of the statue of this great leader at Malki near Shillong Law College.
After the inspection, Bah Renikton told the media that in the last five years, they have been able to bring about many changes to promote the hospital.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: A cyclone has destroyed a mobile phone in Maweit on the night of 15th June
The DEO said that the incident happened at 10:45 pm and former MLA SGE Mominin who is the TMC candidate, Moni Mondal (TMC) and Bhuttu ( TMC) were involved.
Pastor Basaiawmoit said that the iakjakor Act should be abolished completely, in which the people are considered as enemies of the country or the state and have been used and attacked by the the force of the gun and by the violence of the armed forces.
The government authorities, especially the Election Commission of India and the state election authorities, including the Meghalaya Election Commission, should not only commend the Rangbah Shnong and the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar for this, but also Therefore, I urge all the Dorbar Shnongs in the state to do the same as led by the Shnong Panaliar, Jowai and to give a buskit to the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar for taking on this great task. They were blind and deaf all the time.
Philip Frog 3.
Gradually, after becoming more skilled, the child has won the title of champion in such competitions held in Nongstoiñ and in the district as well.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the education department, Dr Roytre C Laloo, said that the government cannot accept the post of teacher as demanded by JACATAM. If it intends to do so, it will have to consult with the school authorities or the Managing Committee (MC).
The FIH Men's Hockey Pro League (FIH Men's Hockey Pro League) has lost 1-2 goals to the FIH Men's Hockey Pro League (FIH Men's Hockey Pro League). Belgium, although the Indian team managed to score 10 goals before the end of the first half.
However, we should not be afraid to commit crimes such as drug trafficking.
He said that on the 22nd July 2020, a man named Adhira Rani had threatened another ASHA who had come forward to help the injured child. A complaint has been lodged against the police but it is surprising that the police have not done anything in this regard and no suspect has been arrested. section.
The RTI replied that the Chairman of the Implementation Committee has purchased 2000 plastic chairs with handles and 3000 without handles at a total cost of T.18,90,0 The cash memo of DR Enterprise at Thana Road Shillong showing that these items were purchased on 1st November, 2014 was seized.
The KSU Nartiang Circle in this meeting expressed its strong opposition to the illegal construction of the BOB by the Assam Government at Saba Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 28: The BJP Meghalaya Chief Minister M Chuba Ao on Tuesday said that the Congress will not be able to win more than four seats in the upcoming elections. June 2023.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma said, “We have invited and discussed with the Chief Executive Members of the Autonomous District Councils. (ADC) after expressing their concern over this.
“Prestone said that he should remember that any party, any candidate who spends the night just to insult others, which means he is selfish.
The complainant lodged a complaint regarding the 41 km road and admitted that the 33 km road has been completed.
Hemanta criticized Gogoi for the party's failure in the last Lok Sabha elections and said, “We have written to the High Command that if the party fails in the Lok Sabha elections, The election will be held under the leadership of Gogoi, we will not get even 4 members and this has happened, in which we have won only 3 members”.
In the drinking competition, Ïaipyrshang PG came first and La-I-Bor Barit PG came second.
Ma Sñiawbhalang reminded the people of the Coronavirus while the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong have worked tirelessly to provide preventive measures to the residents. of the State.
He said that the Sailynter River has four small rivers known as the Umpyrjaw, Wahsiej, Umpliang and Ratap rivers.
On the HNLC's demand for an amnesty, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “In the first round of the peace talks, we discussed all these issues.
She said that she immediately called the SP to lodge a complaint because it is an illegal act in which the person who spread and forged the results, has also used a fake signature. chairman and secretary.
“The CDEC will send the names of these candidates to the State Election Committee for approval,” he said.
Shillong: There have been 514 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, including 183 cases in East Khasi Hills, 90 cases in West Garo Hills and others.
However, later they experienced that their children began to distance themselves from their parents and although they were very good at going to church, their behavior was very different.
The body of the woman was found below Wei Thangdkhar, Wah Niamra, Mawshbuit by three children who went to the river.
Myrdon District.
Despite the requests of the BSF troops to stop the shooting, the man did not listen to their request.
We leave it to the discretion of the district authorities in consultation with the SDSEOs to take the necessary decision on this issue.
Throughout the day, when these Sengbhalang leaders visited the area and met with the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, there was no huri hura or violence, as these district authorities and senior leaders four They understand that there is no need to talk to each other, because it is a matter for the government to take responsibility.
He said that those who tested positive from Shillong including those from Pynthorumkhrah and Lachumiere have been taken to Civil Hospital while 44 high risk contacts have been taken to Institutional Quarantine Centres. to complete the quarantine.
The meeting of the Cabinet will be held at 9.30 pm.
Four MDCs from JHADC who have confirmed to join the BJP are Lakhon Biam (UDP), Krishan Langstang (UDP), Treilang Suchiang (UDP), Dawan Lyngdoh from the Congress. Andrew Shullai (INC), Arbor Hima (INC), Holando Lamin (INC) and Aiborlang Shadap (INC).
Not only that, but Ri Bhoi College has also received the status of one of the Community Colleges or Colleges which has received special recognition from the State Government.
Quaise is currently raising $63 million in funding and aims to complete its operations in the next two years and start generating electricity from the ground up in and then those power plants, which used to use coal, to be able to use coal-fired power plants by
On this occasion, a drawing competition was held for the residents of Halfway Home and prizes were awarded to the winners.
The Secretary of the North Eastern Council (NEC), K Moses Chalai on Tuesday said that the NEC has approved a grant of T.11 crore for the renovation of the Iewduh. The oldest market in Shillong.
Look at these children working with their hands on their mobile phones.
His mother and father were rather stingy that she was asked / demanded money from him all the time.
PSG have vowed to prosecute Neymar for failing to attend the club's training session on Tuesday.
The purpose itself is sufficient not only to beautify the environment in the city but also to provide oxygen in the city which is overcrowded and polluted.
Therefore, the government should not think carefully about whether to meet those demands.
The routes for the National Sports Day 5K Run will start from JN Stadium Main Gate, Polo, Shillong – Lad Shyiap to MPPS – Lad Sanker – Mawroh Junction – FCI Junction – FCI – MeECL – Shillong Secondary School – CRPF Main Gate – SRGT Main Gate and finishing point at JN Stadium Main Gate, Polo Shillong.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Jackfruit Mission in Tura.
JOWAI: The National Health Mission Employees Association (NEAM) held its 3rd Annual General Meeting at Chutwakhu Indoor Hall, Jowai on Saturday in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla. long as a guest.
“As it is now, years have passed, they (Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council and United Khasi-Jaintia Hills) have not been able to complete this task in 1957-58 because of the Hill State movement.
According to the Hindu Marriage Act 1955, polygamy is prohibited.
It is here that the people of Meghalaya have the right to be protected by all those who have been in government since
Steven was asked how he feels about 'Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny' and the director praised and expressed his satisfaction with the story of the film. this will also be one of the beautiful movies.
“Under this Act, those involved in these drug trafficking activities whether small or large will be arrested and will have to be imprisoned for at least three months and can be extended to one year,” he said.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience...congratulations.
He looked forward to working with these two Women MLAs in the Legislative Assembly on issues related to women in the State.
The RBYF has praised the Umning MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, after he today in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly, came forward to speak and demand immediately from the MDA government. -2 that it should turn its attention to Ri Bhoi to provide the Artificial Turf ground in Ri Bhoi, along with other demands which he has made for Ri Bhoi.
The program was held at the office of the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency in Nongrim Hills Shillong where many volunteers came forward to donate blood.
“Since 2011 until now, the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has not implemented those measures against the entry and exit of people into and out of the state,” he said. The Resident Safety Act has also not been implemented.
He said that the construction will be completed before Christmas.
As soon as the incident happened, a tree fell inside the vehicle, which temporarily caused a traffic jam, but after a while, the police arrived, who called people to remove the tree. than this car.
Jowai: The violence against girls in West Jaintia Hills has increased and this violence without counting the blood has happened not only to girls but also to boys.
Mawkyrwat, June 19: The Khasi Students' Union (SKU) of Malai Sohmat Area Unit Unit has expressed its anger over the non-operation of the Jio Tower in Phlangwanbroi and the stinginess of the company in providing the network. These days there is a constant problem with the Network.
From 1875 to 1970, the border areas fell between the different districts that existed since the time of the Foreign Government and the undivided State of Assam.
The meeting lasted for about half an hour and before it came to an end, the MLA of Nongstoin who is also the President of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit, attended the meeting and on behalf of the leaders The Women's Wing of the MLA also took the opportunity to criticize the MLA and asked for an explanation on his inability to hold a public meeting and also on the application for tickets.
Police have lodged a complaint at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to find out who else is involved.
In these days, we have heard again political rumors that it is the UDP that has removed the Khasi Chief Minister because they support Conrad Sangma.
The new cases include EGH:1, EJH:6, EKH:84, NGH:3, RBD:22, SWGH:01, SWKH:47, WGH:7, WJH:17 and WKH: .
According to him, the census shows that in Sohiong constituency there are only two small villages without roads while in Mawphlang constituency there are more than 30 villages without roads.
In the second half, Mawlot FC struggled to score the second goal and started to improve their playing style. Khliehriat defender Jonas Mawlot scored the first goal of the match after the referee decided to award a penalty. However, he couldn't turn the ball into the net because the ball was caught by the goalkeeper of Khliehriat.
In Maharashtra, 3,721 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,35,7
Shillong, July 21: Women who give birth in government hospitals will receive money from the central government regardless of the number of children they have under the Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY) since last year. in the month of November.
However, in response to the complaint of the tourists about the deterioration of the road before reaching the village, the Rangbah Shnong said that they have already informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong, who is also the MLA of the constituency, promised to take responsibility.
The Socio Economic and Caste Census was conducted by the Government of India under the supervision of the C&RD Department of the State and was conducted by the Indian Telephone Industries (ITI). .
“Dropout rates are higher among men than among women,” she said.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah DG Kharpuri, Secretary, Rongbiria Seng Annual Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong.
I promise to the voters that only the BJP can protect the rights of the people, improve income and development and maintain peace and stability,” said Bah Shullai. .
The Waheh Shnong of Lumshnong, Bah Monlang Ladong, said that these riew rangbah who are the owners of the mines did not leave the Dorbar Shnong and they also asked the Dorbar Shnong for the Mining Lease and this was brought. The Dorbar Shnong and the villagers also decided to support this public hearing and expect that this will help in the employment of the villagers.
The court said there was no evidence that there was an assault on the children, but the release of the children from the area and the questioning of him was necessary. when it comes to this aspect of the case.
Aizawl FC beat Shillong Lajong FC 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament on November 10 at the SSA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
As soon as I went outside I found that the child was lying on the floor and when I went to pick him up, the electricity struck me.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Abu Taher Mondal, has finally recognized the Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) as the opposition party in the Legislative Assembly.
A young woman from Sakhain village, Kynton Massar Block-B, Shillong, has dropped her purse while riding in a taxi from Motphran to Kynton Massar.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has approved the names of the members of the Expert Committee for the purpose of reviewing the recruitment quota in the State. have time to complete the assigned work within 12 months.
Jowai, Naitung 18: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
After laying the foundation stone of the road at Markasa Market, Mukul Sangma went up to Mawphanlur Hill to take part in another program and also to inaugurate the Mawphanlur Water Conclave. This is also part of the Springshed Initiative Program conducted by the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA), in collaboration with the Soil & Water Conservation Department.
July 20: As the days and months of the Shadniam Behdeiñkhlam in the Raij Jowai have approached, the religious officials of the Raij from the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot and Wasan have celebrated the festival. to perform various rituals or sacrifices in accordance with the religious rules established since the beginning of the Raij ka Shnong.
We will ensure that there will be no misuse of public money,” he said.
Oh, these ethnic groups have grown rapidly like skains and have covered not only Rakhine but have spread to other parts of Burma and some have migrated to other countries. spirit as in India.
The clear answer will be revealed on polling day in 2023 and it will be possible to verify how many people are stupid and don't want to sell themselves at a moment's notice and how many people understand the price. of you vote your your.
As we can see, these online classes have started well but the problem is the lack of understanding and thus there is a need to go to tution especially for the students in classes 10 and
The Government should also announce that those who own land on the banks of the Khri, Umtrew, Rilang, Kynshi and other more important areas should sell only to the Government when selling land.
When they arrived at Mawkyllei, Bah Dios together with his family members and the family members of Maieid left the residence of Maieid in Mawkyllei village to go to the cemetery of Maieid. A 10 minute silence was held at the cemetery of Maieid as a sign of remembrance and ended with a prayer.
Shillong: Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has admitted that the implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) has not been successful and the reason is because the National Population Register (NPR) has not been implemented first.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Rangli Thma Seng today requested the Meghalaya Lokayukta to authorize the authority to hear the “Assets” of all Government Employees according to the Declaration of Assets. Declaration) which shall be made in accordance with the Meghalaya Local Prosecutor Act,
He said that when he came to Shillong, he met with the party leaders and after the discussion, he found that it was not enough for him to resign from his current post.
Shano Tariang and Santijanai Shianglong scored the two goals for Shillong Lajong FC.
The photo was posted by Twitter user Massimo, who praised Fernando Braga for his breathtaking photo.
During the visit, the leaders of the Longkmie Seng, expressed their deep sorrow over the arrest of three youths by the Nongmensong Police Station in the past few days. house, at 1.30 and 2pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: A clash has broken out at the Dawki-Tamabil border crossing with Bangladesh today.
There are 142 recoveries.
New Delhi: Indian Minister Smriti Irani has slammed Rahul Gandhi for allegedly flying kissing women MPs in the Lok Sabha. But the Congress MLA from Bihar has her own answer and that is, “Why would Rahul want to marry a 50-year-old woman when young girls are young? Neetu Singh, MLA of the party, said in a video released by the party.
Marak has been appointed as SP (VIS), Shillong in place of incumbent SP (VIS) Rithuraj Ravi IPS.
Toiler has T.50,000 in his hand on the day of filing his nomination papers on 20th October 2019 and his wife, Sitalin Thabah, has T.10,0
All these are the beginning of birth pain.
At the same time, he congratulated his brother, Nawaz Sharif, who was also the Prime Minister of Pakistan in previous years and who has held the post for four terms.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Hills Farmers Union, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, in a statement to reporters, said that the situation has been very difficult for the farmers. jur, he syllad and rat all the naphang.
On the other hand, the GVK said that it is up to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah ALHek, to inform the MEMRIWU members of what they have discussed between the GVK and the Minister.
Shillong: The NEHU Inter College Basketball Tournament 2019 will be organized by the Sports Department of North Eastern Hill University.
However, the union intends to meet with the authorities in charge of the Tourism Department of the state to make the monument one of the tourist attractions.
He said that every year hundreds of people from Assam come to visit the rock.
“Until now we have not received any reply from the government on this,” said the CEM.
The UDP, one of the largest political parties in the state, will announce its candidate soon this month.
An assistant on board the ship, Pitambar Behera, told reporters that the parrot was found on the ship about 35 kilometers from the coast. Konark in the last fifteen days.
Especially inside the village, many people have expressed their support for the removal of Bah Let from the post of Rangbah Shnong.
Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein said that as a riewlum, we have no choice but to protect ourselves from the implementation of the ILP. “I am happy as an MLA to take part in this decision.
Shillong, 56.9 mm today, 0.7mm, Umiam 25.8mm, 0.2mm.
This morning, in Wah Umngot, there was a heavy traffic jam, in which vehicles were stuck on Dawki road without being able to pass at all, due to the overcrowding of tourist vehicles from Assam. and from across different neighborhoods and states.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, has announced that the police department of the district will take action to conduct intensive checking drives throughout the district. Any drivers who drive recklessly, who drive too fast, who drink too much alcohol while driving and who violate the rules of driving, shall be severely punished according to the law.
Police have arrested a friend of Banshngaiñ.
But you're right.
The vote will be held on 9 June.
On the issue of the District Mineral Foundation (DMF) fund, Bah Balajied Synrem asked whether those affected mining areas have taken part in the implementation of the fund. On the other hand, the CM said that as mentioned in the rules, the identification of the affected areas is a matter that has to be looked into.
Because as in the past few days, only due to the spread of garbage in parts of the road which has caused heavy traffic jam and disrupted the movement of the residents.
Bah Bring was born on 22nd June, 1922 at Laitlyngkot and passed away at the age of
She said that Himanta's statement has stirred up more fire and will cause differences and affect the peace and order on the border.
He also urged the voters to vote for the ethnic parties in this election.
The union said that the government's power outage is incomplete and this has hampered the completion of activities such as factories, welding, shops using electricity especially on the Pynursla Market Day.
