The message of Good Friday has two parts, sadness and joy.
Urging the district administration, the Waheh Shnong requested the DC to take action to address this incident to avoid any clashes between the villages in the border areas especially the Pnar and Karbi.
In the past few months, the protests against CAA and demand for ILP have seemed to slow down but in a short time it has slowly slowed down.
Shillong, June 05: The Congress-led MUA-II government has not yet confirmed who will take over the post, after the resignation of Bah Sanbor Shullai two days before the election against Speaker AT Mondal. 25th October.
The Minister expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of the PHC and promised that the PHC will be implemented as soon as possible so that it can meet the needs of the people of the area.
He said that in Meghalaya, the supply of drinking water to households through the Jal Jeevan Mission is only 44% while in India as a whole it is 51%. water supply to all households in India by October
Rejoice Gassah scored 65 runs from 71 balls, Heimonlang Lyngdoh scored 44 runs from 18 balls and Chongtre Iman Lamare scored 37 runs from 40 balls.
At present, there are 167 villages and 7 Syiemships in the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit, therefore it is necessary to upgrade it to a Civil Sub-Division.
In a statement, Rev GS Lyttan, Administrative Secretary, Presbyterian Church of India, said that many of the issues that the Presbyterian Church has conveyed to Rahul Gandhi.
Speaking at the meeting, Abilash Banarwal urged all the students to consult with the teachers as well as with the parents if they have any doubts. Parents should be discussed carefully and explained that the covid-19 vaccine, CORBEVAX is very important for children.
Hours after Conrad K Sangma called for a meeting with them on 4th November 2023, the HNYM leaders led the members by marching from Keating Road, Khyndailad, Motphran to Jaïaw with the assistance of the police to ensure that nothing happens to the shopkeepers or those who walk on the road.
“But we have done the work and I have given some suggestions on the difficult decisions we need to take and we have thought about them. and we have also started works to focus on solar generation".
Therefore, the ownership of land is our top priority.
The cost of construction of these roads has reached about Rs 131 crore.
The Riew Tymmen Riewsan Committee of the party together with the village judge of the new jait was conducted by Rangbah Donbokstar Kurkalang. James Kharshanbha was born to Romeo Mawrie.
A few months ago, Jayapradha's family saw a picture of Suresh on TikTok with another woman, who had turned into a woman, half a man. Jaya and when Jaya looked closely, she recognized that he was indeed her husband, who had been missing since
With these 421 new cases, Nepal's total number of cases has risen to 9,0
The workers alleged that the FKJGP members did not inform them about the entry and alleged that the sudden entry has caused panic among the workers.
Nongpoh, Nailar 21: To encourage the students especially to be able to work hard and achieve their goals in life, the Seng Samla Nongpoh, has organized a program to honor the students. More than 31 students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC and degree examinations for the year 2022-2023 were awarded at a ceremony held on Saturday at the Nongpoh Village Council Hall.
Most of those who are contesting the election as men and women are young and strong.
The Nongthymmai MLA questioned the government's decision to privatize MeECL where the people will have to bear the burden.
For Meghalaya, Angkit Tamang scored 4/33 in 17 overs while Shavian Blah scored 3/22 in 11 overs.
A total of seven persons have been arrested from most parts of Assam, Nagaland and West Bengal.
It has been discovered that there is a new crematorium, the ETB Crematorium which has completed its entry to 7138 m and now the Poh Um Sngad ETB Crematorium has become the 9th highest crematorium in India.
While we wait (for the decision from the Government) we will go back to the classrooms," he said.
Another document certified by Bah P.Syiemïong Sodar of Umwali dated 16/6/20018, which has the same boundaries which he has already signed and sealed.
In another match, the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy between Meghalaya and Sikkim in Tezpur, Sikkim needed 172 runs to win.
She urged the children who have received the teachings of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi to serve the society with selflessness and love.
II. SOCIETY SHOULD BE UNITED: This part is very important, because it includes the wise people, the foolish people can be said.
Ramhah had a wife, who had died, who was standing and waiting for him at Rangkylliaw, Mawrah, while he himself died at Mawthawtieng.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, today responded to the statement of the Director of NEIGHRIHMS, regarding the antibody testing at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. He said that the Director of NEIGRIHMS has no authority to criticize the state government.
He said that since the day he left the NPP, he has not joined any party and his joining any party will be looked into later. In the mid-term MDC elections from 26-Langrin Constituency, he will support the MDC candidate of the Congress party.
Declining to comment on the position of other political parties on the ILP, Prestone said the NPP has set a target to monitor the issue with the Indian government to implement it. the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Kyntiewbor Pohshna, daughter of Rom Dhar, owner of the hospital, which has been open since 9th June, 2017, also delivered a welcome speech.
He said that Modi at the meeting spoke about the works and achievements of India while not in the name of India but called India 'Bharat' translated from ancient Sanskrit written by the Hindu people.
The injection is done for those children between 9 months to 15 years old.
This decision was taken at a meeting held on 22nd June, 2014 where many people took this path.
According to reports, the suspect started committing the crime from 2022 until the end of January 2023.
“We live in a democratic country, is this village ruled by force”, said the Samla, who also informed that they have already submitted a letter to the Secretary Shnong at the time. which is enough.
It is also unclear whether the AITC will raise funds to implement these schemes or whether it can transfer the fund from Meghalaya to West Bengal.
The ringing and the creation of the film, has impressed me, and I have thought about the greatness of the creator of the film.
Therefore, we don't know what responsibility MeECL feels when it acts in this way, in which it doesn't care about the firefighters who have trusted the fire. The government department, which has become in these days, a department that has been filled with debt.
According to a statement from Bah Rijied Katrai, Secretary of the Union, the winners of the tournament are in the Under 11 category.
The union has been opposed to the implementation of the smart meter by MePDCL since the beginning. The union has already met with the Power Minister regarding how the government intends to implement it in the state. economy.
Therefore, the Rangbah Shnong urged the people that if they harvest tit with knowledge and shet with knowledge, there will be no tragic incident, but if they harvest tit without knowledge and recognition, bring injury.
Recalling that in the past, the Government had not been able to discuss the issue, he said, “Even now they are still discussing, but with relief.
A 20-year-old boy from Pakistan's Punjab province was injured after being bitten by a lion while trying to take a selfie with the lion inside a zoo. in this country.
The BSF of the 4th Battalion also committed violent acts against market vendors as well as farmers.
Meghalaya's top players who scored five goals in the semi final against Delhi, Donlad Diengdoh who scored two goals in the Ronaldkydon Lyngdoh Nonglait scored two goals in the 39th and 90+7 minutes in the 17th and 57th minutes. 90+4 minutes of the second half.
“As the government, we believe that the economic development of the country and the state can be achieved only through the development of Lajong entrepreneurship and in the private sector,” said the CM while speaking at the PRIME MeghaPreneur Expo in Shillong. .
The office blockade will start on 24,25,26th July 2022 and will continue with a night road blockade from 29th July to 3rd July 2022 from 9 pm to 5 pm.
He said that so far the government has not taken any action on the issue of teachers, especially during this festive season.
Shillong, Nailar 29: It is often heard that farmers complain that the government does not provide warehouses but it will be surprising to find that this is not the case and according to information received, the warehouses or the cold storage at Mawiong, has had to be used elsewhere and the reason is that the farmers do not have to store their produce.
We see delays in governance almost every day.
“Besides, the presence of the Meghalaya Police will reassure the people and restore peace and order,” he said.
The Secretary Shnong of Mawtapiew, Bah Lukas Kharwar, said that there was a heated argument between the villagers and those who received the ration. One of the complainants whose ration card is in the name of his deceased father said that the village authorities came to threaten the house. He said that his mother had withdrawn the complaint by force. He said that she had been forced to withdraw the complaint.
It was during the tenure of AT Mondal, as former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, that Dr. Donkupar Roy (deceased) was recognized as Leader of the Opposition in The UDP at that time had only 8 MLAs. Mondal decided to recognize Dr. Donkupar Roy as the Leader of the Opposition at that time. including the decision of the former Lamphang, Bah EK Mawlong (deceased), in which the party with only 6 MLAs (one-tenth out of 60 members) was accepted. ) in the hall.
Along with these measures, the Government has also launched information campaigns to promote the responsible use of fertilizers and the acceptance of other types of fertilizers such as natural, bio and nano fertilizers.
Thailand, the champions of the tournament, failed to show their strength against the opposition.
Prestone said that from the beginning, his goal has been clear whether it was during the previous Government or the present Government, those high levels should not exist and do not exist. and to ensure that there are zero levels throughout the State.
However, in response to whether the party will support any party that understands, the President said that they will take a decision on this issue in due course.
Primel Bamon, who works as a Home Guard Volunteer (HGV) at Jowai Police Station, is survived by his wife and three children.
Nongrim Hills SC will play against Langsning SC at 3.30 pm today.
“After we get the land, we will build a new jail and we will start the transfer of prisoners from Shillong District Jail,” he said. to hold up to 1000 prisoners.
Shillong, March 5: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle in the presence of Samla Mac Donald Kharkongor, Vice President of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and other leaders. FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit, Seng Longkmie Mawnianglah today went to Mawngap Police Station to encourage the family members of Bah Damas Nongkhlaw to demand that they should be punished by the law enforcement agencies. Everest Hynniewta, Richard Umdor, Mostly Shylla and Pynjanai Synshong involved in the shooting and injury of Bah Damas Nongkhlaw should be arrested immediately and punished severely.
He said that he has been with the people since the time when the people were suffering and even the leaders elected by the people have stayed at home.
However, the surprising thing is that since that year until now, it has not been completed and only one païa built by the contractor has not been completed.
Suddenly he saw his wife's thief coming and from a distance she asked, “Have you cooked the ja ka jyntah for me to eat?” The man laughed 'ha ha ha'
“To promote sports, we need to have sports tournaments and the state government gives its full support to this championship which is one of the three tournaments that Meghalaya has planned to hold this year. .
Bihar Chief Secretary Tejashwi Yadav on Friday said the BJP, as proven by the claim that at some point, will deprive the minorities of their right to vote. Nitish Kumar and Lalu Prasad Yadav are still in the state.
Based on the increase in the number of cases, the most transmitted cases are from the people who have been involved in the wedding ceremony, which was in Khanapara. Assam to add to the festival of welcome in Lower Lachumiere.
After the arrest of this member, other suspects came to arrest him and police arrested Pynskhemlang Myrthong, Donbok Sawkmie, Donal Jaitim, Mark Thabah, Kitboklang Warbah and Jasperlec. Package.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has made it clear that before reaching a final decision, it will have to consult with other neighboring states, including Assam, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh.
Thus in the New Testament God says – “That he dwelleth not in temples made with hands;
He said that these have been maintained and taken care of by the community, adding that the state government has also launched Green Meghalaya, and this is more surprising, in which the community has received the award from the role of preserving and protecting the environment.
“We see that the MPSC has become overburdened because it has to conduct many recruitment examinations and thus it cannot do it quickly and this affects especially the doctors.
“We have looked at the names of the revenue collection gates implemented in some areas under the KHADC, which will be sent to the DCA and Law departments,” said the Syiem.
Not only that, the Hynniewtrep people have been using herbal medicines for hundreds of years.
Within the Cabinet, the Ministers of the Government have the right to discuss, disagree and object before reaching a decision.
Fiber is also what can help you stay healthy and keep you overweight.
India and Israel have also become closer in trade and especially in the field of development.
The doctor also wants to get married again, where he is looking for and hoping to get his fourth wife.
After the Holy Mass, three students of Jowai Diocese who have passed the MBOSE SSLC examination 2019, Dimarkithmu Gayang of Amlarem Parish, Lavinia Mebalari of Myrchiang Parish Amlarem and Jobilson Nongrum Ummulong parish.
Replying to this, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that a lot needs to be done to improve Shillong.
The fire brigade rushed to the scene on receiving a tip, but due to the bad condition of the road and the crowd inside the area, it was difficult for the fire brigade to reach the scene. place at the right time.
M.Mawsor, MDC Mawshynrut and Mansturdy Nongrem, MDC Langrin were the two MDCs who raised the issue to discuss the issue. They met with the NGT order to ban the mining and transportation of coal.
The CSWO said that in the complaint, the man forced his wife and child to drink alcohol every night and watched immoral movies in front of them. they resisted, he tied and bombed them and threatened them.
On the failure of the contractor to paint the remaining section, the commercial taxi drivers said that just because of the failure of the contractor to paint the remaining section, the earning a car doesn’t matter anymore.
“I have to take this opportunity to thank everyone who has worked tirelessly and involved with the school in various capacities and making it what it is today and I am confident looking back you all will have a I am pleased to see how it has progressed in the past years,” said the Minister.
Shillong: The KJWA Research Cell on 27th November 2019 has organized a writing competition “Short Story with Instruction in Khasi Humanity & Grammar” 1st : Evangelist N.Khongwar, Govt.
It is on this basis that the Minister said that he will seek a report to find out all the facts.
Dr. WR Kharlukhi, President of the NPP Meghalaya, has recently said that he is ready to contest for the MP seat if the party agrees.
Bah Umlong said that the animals have to be kept for 3-4 days before being slaughtered so that the doctors can examine them and the slaughterers cannot just bring them and slaughter them.
It is also the first time Rudd has reached the quarter-finals in Shabar's career since November when he reached the tournament in Seoul.
Some of these Rangbah Shnong leaders who have left for Delhi are now in Shillong but they cannot say anything on the matter as there are others who are still in the middle of the road.
In Amlarem, the NVD was held at the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Election).
However, at the same time, he said that his sample has been sent to Kolkata for testing and the report will be received tomorrow.
He also spoke about the lack of laws to punish those involved in the smuggling and marketing of drugs.
Shillong: The team that won the first semi-final of the Meghalaya U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament on Tuesday beat Tura District Cricket Association 2-0 West Jaintia Hills DCA took six wickets for the loss of the match in Salpara.
The visit to Jowai began with a speech by the City Coordinator, DAY-NULM, Jowai, Kong Emica S.Rymbai who welcomed the officers of AMRUT, DAY-NULM, PHE and SHGs. part of this program.
The vegetables grown include motor, various types of presbin, kajor, bit, salad, tyrso, cucumber, cucumber, dhania, mint, vegetables, soybeans, broccoli, soybeans, sohkhia, and other kinds of jhur.
“Since June this year, children have been infected with this disease until we cannot understand and we are in sorrow especially me how to free this bondage of evil forces of darkness” , said Bah Tymmenbasan and Bah Armim Rani of Umkrem Dyngkhong Presbyterian Church.
The highest number of deaths was reported in Rajasthan with 214 deaths till June 22, followed by 4,549 cases, followed by 207 deaths in Gujarat and 3,107 cases.
This is the beginning and a sign of hope that the government has decided to appoint Adhoc teachers after more than 5/6 years.
A book on the drama has also been published with the title written by (L) Dr. Barrister Pakem, former Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University.
Besides, no group from Assam has demanded and sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam with a proper map. with the names of the villages as in the Langpih sector.
Telis Rymbai is a resident of Kdonghulu village under Raid Ïapngar, Hima Khyriem and is a retired teacher who has also spent time as a writer after retiring from teaching. school.
Kongthong, which still has many forests and beautiful surroundings, used to tell stories about the uniqueness of the custom called 'Jingrwai Iawbei' in which her mother used to sing or compose a song. It is permissible to give a child's name within ten months of the birth of the child, which shall become the name of him or her instead of the name.
Kynjatshai has spoken to the passengers and drivers of commercial vehicles on 28th October to ask whether these commercial vehicle drivers have taken the fare as before the closure of the dam. “I don't know what you're doing, but I'm going to take it as I used to take it every day.
" Father said again.
The number of cases has risen to 23,80,452 and the death toll to 1,21,969, making the US the worst affected country.
The union also strongly warns these contractors that they are no longer allowed to hire foreign workers (Bangladeshis from Assam) because the union has witnessed that many foreign workers do not have any jobs. voter ID cards, labor licenses, some of them have been found to be using fake voter IDs and don't even know or understand the Indian language. They are Indians but it is clear that they are Bangladeshis who may have been excluded from the NRC in Assam.
The one-day strike is part of their demand for an increase in salary from T.1000 thousand to T.5000 thousand and also to increase their salary from 10 months to 12 months. month.
“Some of these (Manipuris) who came here temporarily went to Aizawl and some went to Delhi or Bangalore and some went back to Manipur,” she said.
The MDA government has turned into the Meghalaya Dictatorship Alliance under the leadership of Conrad Sangma and there is no more democracy. and there has been the rule of Conrad Sangma and his followers.
Shilong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Upper Shillong Circle today raided foreigners working in many workplaces in the area.
The body of the woman was found by the villagers and after informing the police, the body was taken to the Civil Hospital Ialong for post mortem.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 5 cases including 3 high risk cases, one ILI case and one returnee.
However, he said that this is a problem because if the sellers put the meat inside the ïit without any cooking equipment, it will spoil and destroy the meat.
The world and the Government have forgotten us.
He said that according to the information he has received, the money of Rs 1,500 crore is borrowed from abroad to be distributed to the people.
Indian troops from the 55th National Rifle, 2 Battalions of the CRPF and the Special Operation Group in Jammu and Kashmir left for the fighting at midnight this morning.
Dr.Madisa Pale – Doctor of pharmacy,
This is a village, which passes through Umsohlait.
Previously, we removed a lot of mandatory duties and old laws.
Shillong: U Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), today said, “I have been expelled from the party because I have followed the rules of the Council.
Shortly after, the US National Geographic Society estimated that it was 29,035 feet, but this estimate was not accepted by Nepal.
Replying to a question on the lack of political skills, Bah Warjri said that this is the first and new opportunity for him but there will be no delay in the work of the party. he.
The five organizations also congratulated the police of EJHD, HANM, Khliehriat, government employees who took part in the curfew which ended without any incident.
We should not sit idly by because Meghalaya is a peaceful state.
In connection with the incident, the Pilangkata Police Outpost has rushed to the scene for investigation and has informed the Wildlife Department, Ri Bhoi District, for further investigation.
The reason for this meeting was that they did not get adequate accommodation in the area where they were.
The Minister said that taxi aggregators should ensure that they have an App, GPS, Registration and others.
The purpose of this program is to strengthen the relationship between the people and the government through information and services on various government schemes implemented by the government for the benefit of the people.
Shillong: Spartans, NFU, Sputnik and Riatsamthiah have qualified for the semi of the Shillong League Super Division T20 sponsored by the Shillong Cricket Association (JNST) at the JN Stadium Polo.
Nongstoiñ, November 12: Two brothers, children of Emilinda Sohphoh from Mawdoh village, West Khasi Hills District, have escaped from the flames of a fire which destroyed the house of Emilinda Sohphoh. their with all their possessions.
The 65 cases are from East Garo Hills, 15 from East Garo Hills, 15 from Ri Bhoi, 35 from West Garo Hills. cases in Bhoi, 6 cases in West Garo Hills.
Therefore, the word HERITAGE, we can say the NONGKYNTI, which should be preserved and preserved the name and honor of our ancestors.
Shillong, July 6: Ka Kong Wansuk Myrthong, who has climbed Mt Everest, has been promoted to the rank of Assistant Sub-Inspector (ASI) from the rank of Police Langrut.
Other parties will only bring division,” he said.
I have already written and explained on this many times, that all the demands, especially from the SBLs, are that they want ILP, there is no need to talk about other issues.
“How can we demand a Khasi prime minister when even if we don't have one, we still criticize Prestone Tynsong, who is not one of them? and he that hath not won shall be honoured.
She said that the TMC has promised that all 6459 villages in the state will get colored roads and also the roads needed in the state will be converted into clean roads.
According to him, the purpose of the policy is to preserve the beautiful places in the state.
It is not the first time that this has happened but from time to time there have been collisions with people on motorcycles or scooties and the reason is due to the speeding of the drivers. which culminated in tragedies.
Shillong, June 28: The journey of Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem has been long before he reaches the throne of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
However, for Dkhars and other ethnic groups, they need to have a trading license from the District Council. Garo Hills District Council should not be elected.
Meanwhile, small vehicles, such as small trucks, Bolero pick-ups and other vehicles carrying goods and food and beverages, will be prohibited from parking at Lawmusiang and the mission compound between at 8 o'clock in the morning and 7 o'clock in the evening.
Other parties in the BJP coalition are four NPP, one LJP, one Independent and one AITC. and they named him Psalm.
This is the traditional custom, this is the right in society,” he said.
At present, the Myntdu-Leshka Hydro Electric Project (MLHEP) is no longer able to generate electricity due to the shortage of water in its reservoir.
He urged the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to urge the PWD(R) department to expedite the work especially to announce or issue the Work Order.
Of course we should respect our fellow human beings who have lived with us here for many years but we should not violate our right to ownership so that it will not harm us. the future is not coming.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today decided to close the gate 1 to the Boy's Hostel (IHM). In another development, it was decided to close down the Birma Jalan, Compound C/O Ganesh Store, opposite the Income Tax Quarter. Keating Road.
We also hope to have our own shooting range one day.
During the raid, it was found that the shopkeepers in Rongara market were accused of selling medicines and other goods, which are no longer valid or expired.
In the last match of the Quarter Final between Shangpung and Risingsun Mukhla, Shangpung FC played 0-0 without a goal until the end of normal time.
Not only that, Modi has spoken freely on the incident in Manipur, by pointing out that the rape of women in other states ruled by other political parties, as has happened. “It happened in MP, UP and Gujarat,” Ramesh said in a tweet.
On this occasion, tables and chairs were also distributed to the Sacred Heart Senior Secondary School.
Attendees are welcome to bring their own seats for their own convenience.
On this occasion, the ribbon was cut and the house built by Koni Myrchiang who is also the father of the house was inaugurated.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Government has not yet decided to set up the Mawlai Block, as there are three plots of land proposed to the Government, said the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar. The question was raised by the MLA of Mawlai, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh.
"We also send a clear statement to the Government, if you cannot give us a promise, the party will not allow you to proceed with the railway to enter the state and especially in East Jaintia Hills," he added.
Quarrel : to quarrel, quarrel, quarrel is to have evil in one's heart against others; The issue is the team that will discuss the issues between the two cases, the issue is the issue of misunderstanding between the two cases.
On the part of us the elders of Mawsaw who did not take part in this public rally at the Office of the Syiem, we condemn this illegal act of them, without knowing the truth why the Syiem has temporarily left. (suspended) Bah Krally Iawphniaw from the post of Sordar Shnong.
so they were legally pious and blind leaders of the blind.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Shullai said, “I came together with the office bearers of the South Shillong Mandal to hand over a letter to the President to express my decision. I would like to thank Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait.
Numbers 23:1
“If anything happens, that the money is still lying in the Central Government and if there is an opportunity we can help as party workers, we are ready to do whatever we can,” said Bernard.
Confirming the theft of the question paper, FKJGP leader Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang said that he received information about the theft of the question paper of Class IX Khasi subject this morning. Jaiaw area.
The Government's objective is to improve the income of women and employment opportunities in the rural areas and has also provided loans at a low interest rate besides the establishment fee to the SHGs, so that Members can establish or start their own businesses to meet their needs and especially to improve their income.
It is also informed that on the 15th June 2019, there will be a holiday in East Khasi Hills District, as it is the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
This Kopati Puja is a ritual and thanksgiving to the Creator who has placed and distributed mankind on the fire.
It has affected the residents of almost all the villages in the Sohra area.
On the other hand, the District Magistrate has ordered all the residents to follow the government's guidelines especially to keep a distance of at least 10 meters from other people and to wear masks and also to clean thoroughly. wash your hands with soap and water.
Increase the intake of jhur phul kubi in your daily diet.
it is not a suspension of three years, which means that I shall be in the field; “I understand that I have been suspended, it is better for me to leave the party so that I can contest the election,” said Bah PN Syiem MDC of Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah, who is also the former CEM of the Khasi District Council. .
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Congress MLA from Mylliem, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, has admitted that many of the MLAs of the party, do not agree with the government's decision to ban government employees from holding the post of Rangbah Shnong. and other matters, but it does not mean that it is against or against.
More than 150 years ago we too have experienced the rule of foreign merchants and they too have destroyed our culture and traditions.
Shillong: A truck driver has been shot dead by BSF troops this morning, according to reports.
God has gathered Israel since 1978 AD with the declaration by the UN that Israel has received its own country.
“As an MLA, I will send a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong in charge of PWD (Roads) and the Minister of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal as a suggestion to the Government,” he said. to Mr. Adelbert.
The money has increased, which will be a test for those who know God and for those who stand on the foundation of righteousness, whether they go blind or with human knowledge.
“We request the Government that if the road is built, it should not be built just to get the money, but it should be built in a proper manner and should also have proper drainage systems. “If you insult us, we have the right to vote to form the Government. If you insult us, please build roads and streets,” he said. added.
It is for this reason that the opposition groups do not have the right to fight against and make many accusations.
Alpha School and St. Paul Nongpoh School also took part in the event.
“I don't have any objection to my brother, but I feel that some is enough, God has given him some power, honor and wealth,” she said. .
Wahtyngngai, Naiwieng 13: The Wahtyngngai SSA LP School, Wahtyngngai SSA LP School, was established in 2003 and was initially known as EGS. After 10 years of service, she was upgraded to LP School which has up to Class V. She was upgraded in 2006, and at that time she received assistance from SSA T.2.25 lakh to build the school. earlier, it had received T.2.06 lakh tyngka to build a school.
Not only that, he said that the ILP is only a protection, while the Clan Bill is the one that kills those diseases in which it is impossible to fight at the expense of the clan.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Mawlai Nongkwar Youth Wing, Bah Esakiel S. Mond, said that on the 5th of this month, the Mawlai Nongkwar Youth Wing met with the EM. Trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and that they have received a copy of the approval, which was issued by the Rangbah Shnong, which shows that this approval, signed by the Secretary Shnong, Bah SM Mawiong, said that it was issued after The Dorbar Shnong was held with the approval of the EC of the Shnong.
Thus, this has opened the door for the farmers to get higher prices.
The Minister said he has recently received the writings and drawings relating to the design of the Administrative City and will soon take this before the Cabinet meeting.
In Nagaland, 51 new cases have been confirmed today, bringing the total number of cases to 896, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, US Pangnyu Phom.
Ri Bhoi Police said that these Kukis, when they came to rest temporarily in the village, they first informed the police and even the village authorities along with their relatives.
In a statement, GS G.Mawlong said that the party will not allow such an incident to continue in Upper Shillong.
The United States and Britain have recently launched counterstrikes against Yemen as a warning to the Houthi rebels not to disrupt their ships arriving or passing through. the sea as they have done regularly since the war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza.
Rooney's side (MLS All-Star) struggled to score because of the strength of Arsenal's players.
On this occasion, groups also came to participate in the sale of food and traditional drinks especially those made from rice.
What are the government's views and what preparations were taken before taking the decision to demonetize the old currency, why didn't it consult with experts on income or the RBI before announcing the decision? old money.
All this can also happen because we do not understand God's laws.
However, suddenly this morning, the drivers showed their force and drove away all the taxis parked in Khyndailad.
He recalled that when he lost the election in 2018, the supporters cried and the nation cried too, but at that time he did not want to say anything because he had just lost.
The foreigners are against the ILP because they want to hold on to the Khadar rule in our country and know that once they become leaders here first, they will repeal the Meghalaya Transfer of Land (Regulation) Act. 1971, the Trading License of ADCs, the Labor Licence/Work Permit, the Job Reservation Policy, the Scheduled Tribe status of the indigenous people, the District Councils and so on. affect the income of the poor from our milk and fish.
We should encourage and associate with such people, we should not criticize them, we should not judge their lives, but we should be friendly.
God told the Israelites not to sin but to fear Him.
He urged all the children of the Elaka to come and take part in such a festival.
Five other members were also elected.
He said that the allocation of tickets to these 52 candidates has been well thought out and the party has already investigated thoroughly before allocating tickets to them.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong, Army Lipon, who is also a teacher at the Government School of the village, said that Edify is a well-educated child. He said that as soon as he leaves school, he runs to his parents' workplace to bring lunch and to help them with their work.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that he will discuss the matter with the Ministry of Defense to expedite the removal of the gate.
He said in the RTI he received, the NHAI has collected more than Rs 100 crore from this road since its construction, but has spent only Rs 2 crore or Rs 3 crore for the maintenance of the road.
Perhaps there are still those who don't know that these parties have gone to campaign to raise awareness among the people about the elections.
He said police also recovered two iron rods and bridge-building timbers carefully hidden in a former security post.
There is a discrimination between those who receive money and those who do not, even if they belong to the same church,” said the editorial of the newspaper.
When asked whether Bah Ardent will continue to strike, Dr Ricky said, “The President will continue to strike until the demand is met. trust in us.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 438 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases in the state has risen to
We humans are like dust in the mighty hands of God, Jeremiah 18 verses 1 –
“The Government has not tolerated improper driving and for this reason, the Police Department and the district authorities have been directed to punish according to the rules of law against those who drive improperly,” said Prestone.
Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
Other speakers included Kong D. Ïakai Vice President JPWDMW&LU who explained how to receive arrears and other payments from the muster roll to the Labor Department.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has taken up the inquiry and sought clarification from the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District. 2021.
Nongpoh, July 25: In order to ensure that the preparations for the 2023 election will be smooth and the people will follow the rules and regulations laid down under Section 144CrPC and the Model Code of Conduct, the office of The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has set up a Monitoring Control Room and a Call Center to assist the public in reporting those who violate the Model Code of Conduct.
In the final, which was held at the Mini Stadium, Wahiajer, Suting scored the winning goal in the 36th minute.
According to the rules of the central government, the expenditure of the MGNRES scheme will be 90 percent from the central government and 10 percent from the state government.
He said that the existence of the Umlyngka Primary Milk Producer Cooperative Society not only helps to supply milk in the state but is also one of the sources of income in their homes.
The security forces conducted a search operation at Andan in the Sangam area of ​​the district after receiving a tip-off about the presence of militants in the area, the police chief said.
“For the first time in the country, the government through the E-Shram platform, has prepared a National Database of employees working in non-government jobs.
On the other hand, Chief Secretary MS Rao said that the decision to allow the opening of places of worship is so that religious leaders can encourage people to come forward to get vaccinated. He suggested that only those who have been vaccinated should come to the places of worship.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Director of Animals and Husbandry, Kong A Laloo on Tuesday said that the seeds of pigs that died and broke on the side of Madiangdiang Road on 3rd November These are the pigs brought by the government to the state to distribute to the people for breeding.
The AIUDF has the highest number of MLAs with education up to class 12, 43 percent of the AIUDF MLAs, or 6 out of 14 MLAs, 41 percent of the AIUDF MLAs. BJP, or 24 out of 59 MLAs, 35 percent of Congress MLAs or 7 out of 20, 33 percent of Bodoland Peoples' Front (BPF) or 4 out of 12 and 15 percent of Asom Gana Parishad. (AGP) or 2 out of 13 students, studying between 5th to 12th grades.
We don't have to prepare to fight without casualties.
If they can abolish Jammu & Kashmir in minutes by implementing Article 370, why can't they end the border dispute,” he said.
He said in the letter that his resignation is for unavoidable reasons and from today 7th November he will no longer be a member of the BJP. The BJP in July this year, six months ago, at a meeting held at the Assam Club, Laban.
“We have decided to work together with this Organization to provide opportunities to improve the health services provided to the residents of different villages in the Riwar Mihngi region as well as the education of their children. youth, job opportunities for the youth to stand on their own feet”, said Kyrshan Khongsni.
Suk Shylla, Bison Iano, Chanky Lyngdoh and Shkem Suchiang, Chairman of the Committee led by Thombor Shiwat, have been suspended for supporting MB Rymbai's party. Violet Lyngdoh, Moonlight Pariat and Marki Mulieh, who supported the CEM, have been able to sit in the ruling seats in the House in the Budget. Session.
Rupang has learned that soon after the KHADC dorbar tlang, some HSPDP leaders will convene a CEC meeting to force the members to appoint Bah Pyning instead of Bah Morning. If this happens, the leaders of the HSPDP including Bah KP Pangniang, Bah Witting Mawsor, LG Nongseij and others will not allow it even if the HSPDP has to split at this stage.
Jowai, Nailur 04: The Sessions Judge, West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order to imprison Dri Phawa for up to 10 years after being found guilty of raping a child in a school. village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 27 : A Dutch NGO known as IORA-ACORN has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for the restoration of forests and opening up opportunities for them. citizens to stand on their own feet.
HYC War Jaintia Circle strongly warns against social media users who are quick to insult the Jaidbynriew Khasi Jaintia that if the HYC finds anyone, it will not forgive but will punish severely. and appeal to law enforcement.
On the allegation that the Laitlyngkot CHC has not succeeded due to the lack of follow-up of the MLA, Bah Gavin said, “At this time, it is time to renew the leaders. they shall lighten their foundations.
Eggplant : Foods such as eggplant and eggplant are rich in vitamins and can also relieve vitamin A deficiency. Eggplant benefits the health of the blood vessels. .
However, Ambruce Ch Marak, said that the delay is due to the fact that all the decisions of the EC Meeting have not been signed by the Chief Secretary of the state, as he is not in the state and will not be able to sign. implement it until signed by the Chief Secretary.
As soon as the officer got out of the vehicle, unidentified persons set fire to the vehicle.
Atal Shylla scored the first goal for Iong Dahi FC 4-1 while Arwan Phadong (34) scored the second goal for Iong Dahi FC. Elizer Suiam (47), Dameki Rabon (57) and Rangdajied Sayoo (80+3).
The death toll has risen to 2,6
She said that the second rule proposed by the Cabinet is to consult with the people across the state to get their views.
Earlier, the CM also honored a student from the Muster Roll family who came first in the SSLC examination this year.
Many of the leaders at the State/District Level have not responded or responded to the voice of the people.
The Government has not taken action to conduct the MTET examination since 2006 and they are still conducting it until 2018 when the MTET exam should have been held once every three years. “If there is a special examination, it will be good,” he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Employment Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday submitted a petition to the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal regarding the pending recruitment for the post of Assistant Engineer (Electrical// Mechanical) and the operation of MeECL.
He said that a secondary school will soon be opened in Psiar village and this will help the neighboring villages in the border area to get education.
The people and civil society groups have criticized the MDA government, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Minister James Sangma and Deputy CM Prestone Tynsong. people, but you can’t fool all the people all the time.
Shillong: The KSU-NEHU Unit together with NEHUSU have found that the thefts are the students of the university.
Ganga was sworn in by Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Dinesh Maheshwari in the presence of government officials including Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Body through its Education Cell today met with the SP City, Bah Vivek Syiem to investigate what the police have done.
Meanwhile, KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that the KSU is pleased with the measures taken by the government which shows that it has started working on the infiltration of foreigners.
Art and Culture has donated T.9.90 lakh while NYDA has donated T.8 lakh.
The event was enriched by a song by Samla S.Marboh.
He added that the roads, education from primary to higher secondary as the years go by.
There are 32 associations in the taxi drivers union and they will hold a strike to support if the government does not listen to the demand of Bah Ardent.
Educational Qualification:-Graduate in Arts/ Science/ Commerce with B.Ed.
That is why a person who is born again needs to experience the Kingdom of heaven on earth.
The NPP demands that a judicial inquiry should be set up immediately.
The ILP, which came into force in Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Manipur, was repealed in November
Former Meghalaya Governor Tathagata Roy, who is also the former BJP leader in West Bengal, has urged the party to reconsider the election of Singh as the MP candidate. The TMC selects the candidates according to the wishes of one woman while the BJP selects the candidates after a thorough survey.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 04: The residents of Raid Marwet today came forward to demand that the Hima Mylliem should appoint and elect Rangbah Shnong Pyllun by the people who are the owners of the Raid Marwet, who look after the villages. The Hima Myliem and the District Council have already arranged for the Rangbah Shnongs of the Garo villages to be appointed as Rangbah Shnongs by the Garo people in the Raid Marwet.
The Waheh Shnongs of four villages from Saphai, Priang, Umdeinlin, Tongkiad, Kyanmynsar, Thlongmoo and Iooksi together with the leaders and members of the KSU unit from Saphai, Priang, Iooksi and Umsalait on the 9th of this month inspected the construction site. Iooksi Park in Syrpoo, which is located near the Kupli River, has been completed.
The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) will hold the Inter School Cricket Tournament (Lt.) Benjamin Diengdoh Memorial Trophy on the second side of April this year.
He recalled that the HSPDP has turned 53 years since its inception, but the state has only turned 50 years on 21st July this year. “No Hill State, No Rest, No Hillstate Direct Action” was called by the Volunteers.
Guwahati: U Nipu Kalita, Sub-Inspector of Police, who has been missing for more than 10 months, has surrendered to the police at Basistha Police Station today.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the two-day tournament, the Minister said that such tournaments will help to remind the people of the state.
The program was attended by Doctors, Consultants and Paramedical Staff from various departments such as Medicine, General Surgery, Pediatric Surgery, Child Health, Orthopedic, ENT, Dentistry, Endoscopy, (Eye Check up) Bansara Eye They also distributed medicines to all the patients as well as brut and medicines to the children who came to visit. participate.
“We work for women empowerment.
Shillong, July 5: Phudbyrnei SC beat Bara FC 2-0 in the First Division football tournament on Saturday. 32 and Oris K Wanniang in the 39th minute.
This comes after the State Government on Friday issued a notice to set up an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The FKJGP has warned the drivers of buses (Shillong Public Transport Service and Shillong Special Transport Service) not to drive in a hurry until the passengers have found out that they have boarded the bus and not to rush to continue. especially in market places and crowded places because it puts them at risk.
“These villages at the foot of Nokrek Hill are equal and through the improvement of the roads, the road will be constructed from the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund of NABARD. as a famous tourist destination in Garo,” said Conrad K. Sangma.
When God allows it to happen.
Laitphar said that the villagers who go to Dawki to market have to get permission from the Commandant of BSF, otherwise their goods will be confiscated and taken to the police station. “We also want to ask the BSF about allowing Bangladeshis to come to Dawki Market illegally,” he said.
More than 2,000 players from 188 countries took part in the tournament, the largest in the history of the Chess Olympiad.
The title of this song should have been changed to 'Ri Hynniewtrep Ri Hynniewtrep' and not 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi'
He said that the chaad was attended by Khyllood and Chad was very happy with the diahmai.
According to a thorough investigation, it was found that the demand of the Committee of Nepalis, is on the grounds that some of the residents of these villages are Khasi, who have received assistance from the Assam government such as housing schemes, land construction schemes, agricultural schemes and others through the godliness of some selfish elders.
We are still gathering information on this incident.
The KSU Enforcement Police (KSU) has sent a letter to the District Council, but the KSU has not responded to the raid. There was no information to the members of the party about the raid.
The Ministry has also held a Conference of Governors on the Role of National Education Policy in Transforming Higher Education.
The Minister also informed that these BOPs will be located in areas that are not involved in the conflict.
“However, this statement of Bah Lyngdoh has no basis at all if we look at the thinking or behavior of the Supreme Court.
The National Socialist Council of Nagaland-Isak-Muivah, which has been in talks with the Indian government since 1997, has made it clear that no agreement has been reached, despite the social agreement signed. has been going on for three years now.
“We want to be with the people from Goa but here in our state, there are only a few resident workers although we have tried to invite them to this meeting but they are among them. of those who did not come,” said Bah Ernest.
Then Kiang got the tree.
In collaboration with the Manipur government, the state government has also provided two other aircraft including Alliance Air and Air India to evacuate the residents. the state that is still standing there.
England will face Malta in Ta' Qali on July 16 before facing North Macedonia at Old Trafford three days later.
Exile : to be exiled, to be exiled; but thou shalt not flee by thy own will, neither shalt thou be driven away, nor be troubled.
Explaining about his departure from the Congress and to contest from the TMC, George Lyngdoh said that his departure was an agreement with his supporters.
Romans 8:14.
Intellectual development, along with literacy and education, will open up more opportunities for him.
The attacks are intensifying in the north and in the central parts of Gaza.
“We strongly suspect that these three persons are involved in many kidnappings in Tura and Ampati,” said SP West Garo Hills Mukesh Singh.
After the meeting with the group of women, Mukul continued the second part to talk to the youth on the issues affecting the youth in terms of employment and education. you are in the state.
In the second quarter final, Nonghali SC beat Mission SC 3-1
In the second half, North-East United equalized in the 60th minute through Spanish forward Nestor Albiach who scored the second goal. North-East scored from the penalty kick in the 66th minute.
The Khanduli Village Authority, Nongjngi Elaka has decided to stop the traffic and trade between the Pnar and Karbi communities.
Furthermore, sources said that even after the Hima Mylliem has suspended the work, Bah Rapsang is still continuing to carry out the work and the workers are still at the site to work. task.
In 1834 he planned to use Roman script instead of Bengali script.
“We cannot blame Pala for the collapse of the Congress party in the state, because the collapse of the Congress party started from Delhi,” Lapang told reporters on Tuesday. .
This happened during the curfew hours and it was only half an hour before the end of the curfew by 10 civil society organizations to demand the implementation of the ILP. They immediately informed the police to extinguish the fire.
Raymond Thabah scored 3/23 from 4 overs.
This organization, which has no political affiliation, was established for the purpose of promoting agriculture, economic development, income generation and the welfare of the people of the area. Rescue.
Also present at the meeting were Additional Deputy Commissioner, MCS, Jonathan Shylla, Extra Assistant Commissioner, MCS, S. Marwein, MCS and other officials. the district.
Speaking to reporters before leaving for Delhi to contest the BJP presidential election on the 24th of this month, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said the party requests The State Government should expedite the investigation into corruption in government departments such as corruption in the education department, corruption in house buildings, corruption in medicines, corruption in computer laptops. the state.
During the introduction of Aadhar number, the citizens were asked to print 40 fingerprints on the machines, then print the machines on their foreheads and other procedures.
He said that KHNAM wants a government that is not ruled by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the Central Government because if the BJP comes to power, it will implement the Citizenship Registration Certificate. The National Population Register (NPR), the National Register of Citizens (NRC) and these will create problems for the minorities in India, he added.
To do such a thing, just to fulfill the rules and gain honor, will not only upset, and cause opposition, but the worst thing is that it will not end as the masters want.
On the 2nd of this month, within 4 hours, 1,500 people were arrested without wearing masks and they were given one mask to wear and fined for their violation of the law. .
“The sad thing is that even if they leave, he will not do anything, because they are not his supporters during the elections,” she said.
The school was inaugurated by Sohra MLA/MDC Titos W Chyne in the presence of the Principal MB Khongwir, Pastor NS Phawa, Pastor Bareh, The oldest Principal of the Center who has held the post for 42 years is Tymmen Basan W.Knight.
The motto of the meeting is:-TO FIGHT AGAINST CORONAVIRUS. The meeting discussed and explained that ways and means should be found how to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
Similarly, the word 'Kyndon' should not be 'don' in Khasi or 'done' in English, it should be in the consonant Mawkyndon, rawon, or John etc., but not kyn-done.
“We have the documents, we will sit at the table and visit the places and the rules that applied in the first phase will apply in the second phase as well,” he said.
On Friday, Assam Police also raided the mother of Victoria Kharkongor at her residence in Shillong.
No proceedings shall be allowed against this matter,” the order said.
Until the end, Ryntih couldn't turn around and suffered their third defeat in the tournament.
There are 192 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 10 in East Garo Hills, 7 in West Garo Hills, 5 in West Khasi Hills and 4 in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 25: Many farms in Ichamati and Saikarap areas of Shella have been destroyed by the enemy in the past few days.
Conrad said that there are many schools in the rural areas which do not have the necessary facilities and he thinks about this. “Schools in the rural areas are really needed, I urge the officers, The rich and other politicians who have helped as much as they can, even if it is only 10 pages of tin, has brought about a change,” said Conrad.
They handed over the money to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
in/covid.
The bridge is still far away.
On the other hand, the supporters of the candidates accompanied their candidates to the DC Office Jowai and when the candidates left, the supporters with songs and flags waved and led the candidates. their of candidates.
He said that some of the residents have submitted their plans, which they have already sent to skilled people for the construction of houses, but the MUDA authorities are still confused with them. say that it is not enough.
She said that these companies cannot provide documents to show in what form and in what manner they will mine and transport coal to Bangladesh.
During the curfew, no one has been allowed to travel to Karbi Anglong Assam.
In the election, all candidates must accept the decision of the people and not just insult or steal money from others.
After the incident, the residents immediately informed the Nongstoiñ Fire Service and the police immediately rushed to the scene. Many other houses in the area were also saved from the fire.
On the other hand, it is unlikely that the All India Trinamool Congress, which is currently in the Opposition, will undoubtedly win all the 60 constituencies especially the 48 constituencies in the Ruling Party.
He said that they have also received a showcause notice from the government on 22nd June 2022, in which the government has ordered them not to take the numbers issued by the management of Polo.
For more than 10 years, the High Court has said that meetings have been held, reports have been submitted and recommendations have been made to implement some measures, but nothing has changed.
UCIL estimates that it has 375,000 tonnes of raw uranium and can produce about 1,500 tonnes per day.
However, if there are leaders who are weak in thinking or farsighted, the present and the future will be dark and weak.
The march should not be held in the same place where there are fighting parties.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Thousands of people from all over the state as well as from other states and even abroad came to witness the Shad Nongkrem of the Hima Khyrim which ended today. Friday in the middle of the storm in Iingsad, Smit.
Jowai, Jymmang 11 : The Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 will start tomorrow at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai. Sports & Youth Affairs Minister Shakliar Warjri will inaugurate the event in the presence of MLA Wailadmiki Shylla.
Indian Minister of State for Home Affairs Ram Vilas Paswan died this evening while undergoing treatment at a hospital in Delhi.
In fact, the dam of the Kynshi-I Hydro Electric Project, which has been awarded to Athena Private Limited, has already been designed to be constructed below Sangriang village and at the bottom of Mawpon village.
There were 39 recipients of this award including three youths who represented the state in the National Level Football Tournament.
The United Nations has launched this campaign to make people understand that the relationship between living things in the environment is very important.
“To improve education, we need a school building, teachers and also the support of parents and their children because if there is only a school building without students, it is impossible. “If there are only school children without teachers, that too cannot happen,” said Bah Pius.
“The Police tried to negotiate and pacify the crowd’s anger in order to attend the scene and protect the four.
Before the funeral service for Sister Philisita Toppo by the students of the Convent and the students of Tome Memorial Secondary School Mooralong, the school run by the Missionary Sisters Mary Help of Christians, will be celebrated at 10 am. Father Hilarius Lamare, Vicar General of the Diocese of Jowai.
The BJP Meghalaya leaders said that they are not the owners of the state and have no responsibility for the people.
In Mawkynrew, we have four schools while in other constituencies like Mylliem, Mawkhar, Sohryngkham and others, we have only one,” he said. Jaïaw, Sohryngkham and others received one each.
“I don't see any problem that we can't govern ourselves if we are united,” he added.
In a statement sent to the media, the BJP has alleged that the Congress election campaign in the state is an insult to the people.
Another aspect that we have to look at is that consumers have their own reasons and motives for buying agricultural products.
Prizes and certificates will be awarded to all winners.
Shillong, June 14: Father Wilbert Marweiñ has been appointed Bishop of Nonbah Parish (Nongstoiñ) by Pope Francis in Rome on 4th June , June, 2023 at the Cathedral Parish, Pyndengrei, from 9.30 am.
Our nation has suffered many violence and persecution over the past hundreds of years and even today this violence has not ended.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 320 new cases have been confirmed and 2419 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Earlier, he said that he has already met with many experts who have expressed their support for the NEP but he has not had much opportunity to meet with those who oppose it. implement it.
It took Karnataka less than two hours to take nine wickets for Meghalaya, with Mohsin Khan taking 5/5 for 7/51 in the first innings and completed the you played 12/5
After the darkness of the night when we have finished eating and sometimes in the darkness of the night.
The program was held at the ground floor of Shngimawleiñ Government Upper Primary School in the presence of Bah Polin Lyngdoh Marshillong, Headmaster of Shngimawleiñ Government Upper Primary School. Department (AH&VD), South West Khasi Hills District, and the parents who were the participants of this day.
Deibor Tongper scored in the 7th and 15th minutes, Marshial Nongrum in the 49th and 54th minutes, Khraw Lyngdoh in the 62nd minute and Shngain Suting in the 63rd minute.
Marak and ACHIK Leader, Bernita R. Marak.
Rechel Ralte, 32, resident of Nongrim Hills, Shillong, Shillong, has been arrested at 10:30 am this morning. They were suspected of heroin.
Therefore, the union requests the DTO to take action and address this issue.
He encouraged the people by saying that perhaps the emergence of these riots may be due to the stinginess and stinginess of the past, but he said that the current EC will continue. “If we have to convince anyone or if we have to punish anyone, we will continue to chess,” he said. At the same meeting, the CEM announced that he has invited both the village leaders on Tuesday at the District Council at 2 pm to resolve the issues. to find the best ways and means to restore peace and order in the village.
“Ampati is the village of the Prime Minister and I am surprised to see that the shops are closed at 4 pm. Purno A Sangma said while talking to reporters.
Bah PT Sawkmie also requested the meeting and the village to elect him again so that he can work better for the area.
In the European leg of the FIH Men's Pro League, India captain Harmanpreet Singh scored the winning goal and scored the winning goal. They beat Olympic champions Belgium 5-1 in the tournament.
The fire broke out a day before the night curfew of the Sengbhalang.
Leaders of all the political parties have urged the two MLAs to immediately withdraw their support to the NPP and return to the UDP party. “The state has been led by the Garo friends for decades but now we want the Khasi to lead the state with one voice. bad come to UDP".
Earlier, Home Minister Amit Shah convened the meeting on 27th October 2022 in Delhi at 4.30 pm.
SHILLONG The Phase 2 of the Talent Identification Program was held on 29th March 2023 at Little Flower School, Sahsniang. The program was organized by the MSOA-ArmsPT(Edge10)-Sportality Group. The program was organized by the MSOA-ArmsPT(Edge10)-Sportality Group. schools, Little Flower HS School, Evershine Sec School, Kymprup HS School and Shalom School.
The incident occurred due to the lack of entry and exit points which has only one entry and exit point and the police have blocked the entry and exit points.
As explained above about fellowship, we need prayer because it will draw us closer to the Father and is also a solid foundation on which we can communicate with Him through prayer.
However, the remaining cost of covishield will be T.400 per injection and Poonawalla said the Indian government will need another 35 million doses at this price. fresh.
At the programme, the Deputy Commissioner also distributed awards to those women who have been check up, injection and attendance at the Aganwadi Centres. On the same day, awards were also given to those children who attend Aganwadi schools and those who grow up at Aganwadi Wadi Centres.
Therefore, all IMFL Licensed liquor shops including wholesale and retail liquor shops, bars, canteens, liquor outlets should be closed on that day.
The MDA Government has admitted that it has spent less than two years.
“As of today, India will celebrate its 75th anniversary of independence and 50th anniversary of statehood.
To clarify the confusion of the people of WKHD, this reporter had the opportunity to talk to the Vice President of KSU Nongstoiñ Circle, Samla Mixstarwell Samakha. “Of course it exists and it has started from today, but the confusion of the people is because they have not found the office of the KSU because it is farther away from the KSU office. Nongstoin Market".
There is another type of Khaw, which means in English – Mesmerise, which means to have been deceived, until no one knows. more or less understanding.
Garo Students Union (GSU) President Saljrang Tengrik Marak in a statement said, “Even during the seven days of office blockade, neither the Government nor the MeECL management has been able to respond. .
In the field of rural development, MGNREGA continues to work successfully.
On the other hand, Bah Prominson Nongrum, one of the elders of the village, said that the area was cleaned by the Assam Forest Department.
Former Minister P Shankar Rao said that the erection of the statue at the temple is a tribute to Sonia Gandhi.
The KHADC has turned away the law, saying that they cannot do this, because the land does not belong to them or to the Government. , but of the people, which is supervised by the Hima, Raid, Village and Chiefs.
Therefore, Bah Pius Marwein MLA/MDC Ranikor who is also the Chairman of RCDC together with the office bearers of RCDC have had a special thought for the children and students through the Education Cell invites applications for the awarding of awards to the students who have passed the SSLC/HSLC/HSSLC/Diploma Course, Bachelor Degree, Master Degree, Doctors and other degrees from 2020 to 2022, for SSLC/HSSLC Diploma class 70% above and Bachelor Degree + Master Degree – 65% above.
Sujit Dey in his speech encouraged Leoberth to continue in his music career and it should not end for a while.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: On the 25th of this month, at 10 pm, hundreds of residents of Pommura and Mawryng kneng villages, held a march near the Winestore of Bah Ernest Mawrie. They protested and demanded the closure of the Winestore.
She and 25 leading NPP leaders have left the party and will soon consider taking a final decision for the 2018 MLA elections.
When asked why he did not want to reveal his name, he said, “It is they who don't want to reveal their names.
“In the past years, when an incident happened in Mawlai, the shutdown of the internet has helped to reduce the violence and I will leave it to the people to decide together and see together but instead of allowing it to spread, fire to injure, still can't stop this conflict," she said.
At the same time, he congratulated these youths who have received these awards and said that this is only the beginning of a long journey to reach the goal of victory.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “We will sit down to discuss whether to leave the NDA and all the party leaders of the North East”.
In a statement, Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary of the party, reminded the people that as the party, they did not choose voluntarily to call for strong protests, but it was the Government that forced them to protest. strongly with the crowd, the report said.
On the other hand, BJP President Shibun said that the BJP is not a Hindu party as it has been accused of misleading the people.
KHNAM said that there are only two options to do, the first is to adopt the Prospective Roster System so that the roster accounts will start from June 2022 and there will be no more roster accounts. backlogs, or the second is to continue the retrospective roster system which roster accounts started in July 1972, but to remove the word 'recruitment cycle' and replace it with Replace the word 'recruitment year' in the new OM.
The Hynniewtep Youth Council today visited the school and found that it has turned into a shelter, with no teachers or students.
PDF President Shiborlang Lamare has urged Banteidor Lyngdoh to gather all the PDF MLAs and force Conrad K Sangma to immediately revoke the order to allow coal trucks from Assam to allow coal trucks from Assam to leave the country. Coal factory in East Jaintia Hills.
, said, “Hyundai Motor India always introduces new innovations in the industry through its products and technologies.
Vice Presidents – Kong Mary Shangpung & U Ma Manbha Tariang.
Speakers included the President of Seiñ Raij Tuber, Bah H.Phawa, who expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the KSU East Jaintia Hills District for its responsibility to the community and He said that without the KSU, we cannot survive because it is a party that is ready to come forward to protect the people of Hynniewtrep. Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
The scent of death which is worse than the scent of COVID-19 is waiting to fall but because the scent of death has stayed with us for a long time, we have turned it into a thousand to the limit. that we should not count it any more.
If they are only government servants after retirement they should go to their home village.
Shillong: A Punjabi has allegedly tied a Bihari with a nar rod at the quarter of government employees at the Additional Secretariat, Shillong on Tuesday. that he suffered serious head injuries.
Before the incident, the truck had collided with another Maruti Van at Ladthadlaboh Jowai and after colliding with the Maruti Van, it continued to speed and when it reached the road, The Maruti Aulto 800 of Rimar Biam of Kdiap village collided with a truck.
Berlusconi's four eldest children have been furious over their father's remarriage and are worried that he will give away his £5 billion fortune to her. Berlusconi's new wife, Fascina, is another new wife, whom Berlusconi has chosen from many women and earlier, it may be recalled that he had already divorced another young woman, Francesca Pascale. in 2020, because she will be 34 years old in 2020 and Berlusconi believes that she is too old to marry him.
Bindas said that the road, which has been in poor condition for more than 15 years, has received Rs 90 crore, but it has not been constructed yet.
Some of those who intended to leave for the 10am service are still stuck in the traffic jam.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 07: “Don't sell your precious vote at the price of 500 and 1000 rupees during the election”, said Bah RG Momin, officer who has declared himself to contest the election from Rambrai Jyrngam. Constituency as a candidate.
When contacted by Rupang, the Sengbhalang leaders said that they don't want to say anything on behalf of their party and soon they will have to come forward to talk about it. theme too.
The two states have been fighting for 15 years in the Supreme Court over the border.
The tournament was opened by the unfurling of the tricolor flag of the country by Bah Michael Kharsyntiew in the presence of the youth of Mawlai Mongmali.
Because since the famine, the patta kyiad has been closed.
As a sign of the opening ceremony, the chief guest also laid the ribbon and opened the curtain for the opening ceremony.
Principal Secretary GHP Raju said that the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary from time to time holds meetings with the BSF, Customs and Police to fight against this crime. to the paid citizens of the State.
Speaking about the Mega star production, she said that the group has a goal to help women suffering from breast cancer. , but this group also has the goal of treating through herbal medicines so that the doctors from our states can also treat and look after the preventive measures to help the women affected by this disease. .
They gave their blessings to Bah Mannar for a healthy and strong body in the coming days and may God bless him in his work.
The Seiñraij Shnong Sabahmuswang today held a Chad Sukkara at the village square in which thousands of people came to take part.
Shillong, July 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday visited the Courtyard Marriott Hotel at Jail Road, Khyndai Lad. in the northeast of the country.
Police have been on high alert in the entire North East, if they find the policeman.
Bah Dhar said that more new parking spaces will be installed and some of the works have already started.
They started from Zero Point at Muthasiangkwai which is the end of the boundary of Mukroh Dorbar Shnong.
We are not surprised why our state is lagging behind so much because we as the people are not intelligent.
Junmoni Rabha lost her life in a car accident last month.
Today, under the leadership of Samla Franklin Roy Syiemiong, President of the party and Samla Willbest Wanniang, General Secretary, the party met with Asstt.
Is the children’s book bag too heavy? Here you will find how it affects the health of your children.
After the expiry of Wansuk's term, the Legislative Assembly will have to hold another election to elect a new MP.
However, it is still a very important road since the opening and implementation of the Shillong By Pass in recent years.
“It's different whether an elderly person thinks about the responsibility of the household or whether he thinks only about what when he takes the position of an elder or a parent.
He said that besides the Permanent Disabilities Certificate, the applicants have received a Permanent Disabilities Certificate which proves that they have a disability of up to 75%. After the written test or personal interview, they have to be tested by doctors to verify whether they are disabled or not. “Some of the youths of the DSC have been rejected if the doctor says they are not disabled,” said Starwin.
Referring to the launch of the MLA scheme for the year 2018-2019, most of it went to the farmers, in 2019-2020, to the students. , in the year 2020-2021 this scheme will go more to the farmers and this year 2021-2022 it will go more to the schemes related to construction in different villages according to the needs of the “The village leaders and elders have requested for assistance from the construction of roads, streets, buildings in schools and other buildings,” he said.
Many people from this state are qualified to take up any job but they don't get it and now we have to come against and demand that our people should be appointed,” he said.
Jr NTR, one of the stars of Telegu films and who has been prominent in the film industry over the years, in his speech after attending the Oscars, said that he wants to work. Brad Pitt and has been impressed by this tyngshop in almost all the films he has starred in.
“If the BDO wants to relocate the Block Office, he should discuss and consult with the Rangbah Shnong on the proposal. The village leaders have been happy to travel to this place which used to be very crowded, even the people who come from Mawhati area, but if the place is not relocated, the people have to drive by vehicle. He said that the HITO has received information that the foundation stone for the construction of the new office will be laid soon. of the Block in Lad Umpih and the union has made it clear that it will not allow the relocation of the office for the safety of the people in coming and going.
After receiving this, the Office of the Executive Engineer PWD (B) has received the necessary information.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held at the ground floor of the Sakwang Presbyterian Church where Pastor SI Iawphniaw delivered a speech, a prayer was delivered by Tymmen Basan IS Ramsiej. Pastors, Members of the Sakwang Presbyterian Church Committee, the Minister and the public who came to witness this day.
The BDO of Mawkynrew, Bah LT Tariang, PWD officers, village leaders and elders from these villages were present at the visit. village.
That knowing how to speak or write English does not mean forgetting one's own language.
“You are not ready to leave,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Monday said that the Government will soon issue a notice on the extension of the age of appointment in four Government departments.
Five women and 32 men have been arrested and all the arrested persons have been charged under the NDPS Act. and in other provisions of the law.
The bill, which aims to allow Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan to become Indian citizens, has been approved by the Lok Sabha. Sabbha, in the last few days.
He said that the number of pastors in the Eastern and Western Churches alone is about 5 lakh and there are about 250 pastors in the Eastern and 200 pastors in the West. There are about 15 Bhoi.
Shillong: Six employees of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) including a Chowkidar have tested positive for Covid-19, which has forced the office to be temporarily closed from 30th June. , as of today, January 4, 2021.
This will increase the courage of the children in any challenges.
With only four days before the election of the people's leaders to the Legislative Assembly, the call and vote of the people to support various political parties has increased with the sound of thunder. They have created many projects especially to address the problems of the people.
W.Siangshai, in his speech on the occasion, said that tuberculosis is a disease caused by a type of bacteria known as Mycobacterium tuberculosis and is infectious and spreading. If a person has TB through the air, if he doesn't take care, it can spread to others through the air, he urged the public that it is necessary. He also urged to send for TB test, if there are any signs of the disease, to keep clean and eat healthy foods.
The office bearers who have resigned are, A. BISHOP FALLS UNIT -1
“Those students who do not pay the examination fee will not be able to advance to class X,” he said.
The union urges the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take action and convey this issue to the relevant departments so that they can get rid of this problem.
According to this order, all grocery shops in Amlarem Sub-Division are prohibited from selling beverages including Bournvita and other beverages which are included in the list of “Health Drinks” in them. store.
The dorbar was opened by the Minister of Kur Pyngrope in Khyrim Hima, Bah Primose Pyngrope in the presence of the Basan of Mylliem Hima, Bah Melding Pyngrope.
The Lakroh River is one of the most abundant rivers in Jaintia Hills.
This is the way of the opposition parties in India.
Police are conducting searches to track down Morios' drug trafficking group and have charged him under Sections 144(7)17 u/s 21(a) & 21(b) of the NDPS Act.
From the 10th Jirang Constituency, the candidates are Sosthenes Sohtun of the NPP, Bathok Nongmalieh of the UDP, Adrian Chyne of the Congress, Riya Sangma of the BJP and Sunmoon D. Marak of the TMC. Serimina D. Marak of RPI, Forcaster Nongrang and Bah Lee Bareh as independent candidates.
The Tata Winger (ML04C 2807) was heading from Guwahati to Lumshong when it collided with the vehicle. The truck (NL01 AE 7634) collided with another vehicle and injured the occupants.
For more information, please call 8787566798.
There was also a special donation collection for the Union Christian College (UCC), Umiam Ribhoi District, which is also one of the activities of the NEICC. Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the North East Students Organization (NESO) will hold a meeting to discuss the issues related to the NEICC. as part of the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
We will continue it until we get justice.
Although the results were in this direction, the Garo people are proud that they were the first to attempt to climb to the moon, ahead of the United States and Russia. scientific city.
The change should be from each and every one of us especially during the elections because there will be candidates who will come with money and if you take the money then you will win because u “It's a good idea to have a job,” said the State Co-ordinator of the AAP party in Tripura.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the government has accepted the proposal to provide pension to the deficit teachers of lower primary schools. in the state.
Nongpoh: "When we demand for any work that is for the benefit and welfare of the people, it should be fulfilled and we don't hold meetings without any differences" replied Dr DD Lapang, in his reply to the question.
NPP spokesperson James K Sangma said the party demands that a judge should be appointed to inquire into Balsan's death.
Shillong: Regarding the awareness campaign on Covid-19 and the need to get vaccinated against covid, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has taken steps to deliver these notices to all the villages of villages, but whether this explanation of the department is correct.
The number of Persons with Disabilities (PWDs) is about
Seed foods such as blue beans, kidney beans are among the most nutrient rich and durable if stored properly.
Speaking to media, Chyne said that at the Executive Commission meeting held today, it was decided to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. to discuss the T.20 crore which is the share of the Council, which the government has not released yet.
The NIA has seized T.40 lakh in cash, old coins and gold from the residence of former Director of Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences, Imphal, Shyamo Singh.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) PN Syiem today slammed those who have proposed to the Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC) to nominate MDCs from other ethnic groups. “In fact, other tribals who have lived in our state should be grateful that they have the rights as tribals of Meghalaya. “But to say that they have the right to rule within the KHADC is not true,” he added.
When he finds it, he asks himself why it affects him, or if it is not in his own body, he can find it in others, such as relatives, friends, neighbors and friends. the whole world.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has decided to join the National People's Party (NPP) in Shillong. The UDP and to nominate a PDF MLA as the new minister, ahead of the Sohiong MLA elections.
May this news and these words be a blessing to you students who are taking these two examinations!.
In the continuation of the fight against crime in the border areas of the country, the Border Security Force (BSF) on the 1st of this month seized heroin and tablets. Two persons have been arrested in connection with the incident.
"Ale Tongsoh, follow me, I will give you all these things.
Bah Dawan Lyngdoh is from Namdong village and is prominent as he is an MDC from Namdong constituency.
Members of the group 'We Are The World' donated as much as they could for the treatment of the woman.
In any organization the number of members, that shows the strength of the organization.
However, when we look back at the condition of the road leading from Markasa Market, it has been found that it has started to collapse in many places where the color has faded and the stones have appeared outside.
There are two teachers' unions, which have decided to raise the flag on the 5th of November, but this is only one sign of their anger, against the state government's wrongdoing against them, but the truth, is that private schools or colleges have no reason to complain to teachers, because they pay according to their ability and do not promise heaven.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Ribhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RYWO) has expressed its concern over the shortage of contractors in the government in these days. within various government departments of the government.
On Saturday, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, visited the four corners of the market and the purpose was to work with the Hima Mylliem on how to clean it.
“Two months after the State Government has already accepted the decision to implement the ILP in the State, the Government of India has been silent and extended the deadline for the implementation of the ILP in the State. On our part, we have expressed our opposition to this action of the Government of India but until now it has not been believed. Today we have decided to implement the ILP ourselves without any interference from the authorities.
The opposition source said that this action of the Lamphang is to show that the Prime Minister does not trust other chairman to conduct the dorbar as it could lead to the failure of the Lamphang in the dorbar. test tomorrow.
The HNLC said that the ANVC (B) has many ties with many political leaders in the state, but the HNLC questions how many times they have been arrested. The party, under the supervision of Bah Vivek Syiem, has provided special protection to the Nepali community in the past few days. The police department has not provided any protection to the villagers in Langpih and Block I & Block II. The union also alleged that Bah Vivek Syiem, has committed many acts against the the Hynniewtrep people, by arresting many young people of the people.
Because many times we forget that young people when there is no guidance from the beginning they end up in the end of life.
After that conversation, Niakha Duh, Rida, waited for four months, but Rida's mother did not leave except Rida, who left alone.
He said that from now on as leaders we will face many challenges here and there but remember that we should not back down because those are the journeys as leaders of the nation.
The CORP was led by Samla Baiateilang Lapang, President and Bah Benyson L.Nongbri Assistant Secretary, together with members of the CORP. The construction of Umroi Airport has also been found to be exploited by contractors who import foreigners by employing them at a low price and also without any legal requirements to provide documents such as labor license and EPIC to prove that they are Indian citizens.
School and college students have been advised not to cross streams and rivers during the rainy season.
Shillong, July 11: A truck of the Home Guard Department has collided with a truck at Mawrong Umsning Out Post at 4:30 pm this evening.
In fact, I expected that the trees and shrubs would grow well because it had been a long time since they had reached the top.
He said that the BJP has already released the Vision Document in which various schemes will be implemented in Meghalaya and if the people of Meghalaya want change they should give their support to The BJP should come to power so that all the aspirations of the people can be fulfilled in Meghalaya.
Shillong: Exit polls have predicted that the BJP will come back to power in Tripura, while the BJP and NDPP will continue to rule in Nagaland. In Tripura, the India Today Axis my India has predicted that the BJP will win the most seats in Tripura. to 36 to 45 MLAs, while the Congress will get 0 and the Left will get 6 to
From the Ri Ȉame I remember the world, I remember the name of the rat.
So far, there are 32 Security Agencies operating in the state and out of these, 2256 youths have been employed in this type of job, he said.
In the same year, the MHA of the Government of India sent a message through Rev PBM Basaïawmoit to the HNLC, but these attempts did not yield any results.
In the men's category, Daniil Medvedev won his first victory in Rome 6-4, 6-2 over Emil Rusuvuori.
Leviticus 23:27.
However, the Expert Committee has sent a letter to meet all the requirements.
“According to the desire of the residents of Block-1 to remain in Meghalaya, the government will take the same step of talks in the second phase and add the “There are seven other areas where there is no dispute with Assam,” said Conrad in reply to a call of attention by Mookaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh in the House today.
Shillong: U DP MLA H Brolding Nongsiej, who won twice from Mawthadraishan, will be sworn in as Minister of State tomorrow at 11 am.
According to sources, at the headquarters, there have been some shortcomings in the working methods of the soldiers.
All units , circles and district units have been directed to submit the names of 10 voters from each unit by the 31st of this month at the KSU office Elders, teachers and the media to oversee the smooth running of the election.
The Minister also appealed to all not to complain if they find any shortcomings in the organization of this tournament.
There is another saying, “The tiewkulab also has shiah”.
I must die completely".
The meeting was enriched by traditional dances by the youth of Khliehmyntriang, Jalyiah, Tuberkmaishnong, Wapungskur and women from Pamrakmai and Wapung.
However, this is the life and death of the nation,” he said.
They were sworn in by the President of KHNAM, Bah Pyndapbor Saibon in the presence of leading leaders of the party such as Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Working President-MDC of Jaiaw, Bah Batkupar Wahlang, General Secretary, General Secretary, Bah Batkupar Wahlang, General Secretary, Jaiaw. Thomas Passah – President KHNAM State Youth Wing and others.
When all the children had eaten, the teachers and cooks ate together.
The tournament started on 19th July 2023, the closing day of the Meghalaya State League (MSL). 12 teams have qualified for the tournament organized by Shillong Sports. Association (SSA).
It was also decided to take steps to raise awareness on Tuberculosis (TB) through preaching and public awareness especially as this disease is now treatable.
Apart from building muscle, some of these amino acids also benefit sleep. There is a relationship between amino acids and sleep.
The second match on the 21st will be between Rymbai Shkenshynriah FC and Mihmyntdu FC. The third match on the 22nd will be between Mukhla FC and Ialong FC. Mynsngat FC vs Salaroh FC Quarter Final will be played at 2 pm.
The meeting was conducted by Ms. B.Sana and the Work Order was distributed to Lumpyrdi and Urtyrkhang Khliehtyrshi. He said that after the end of this year, the construction of the Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Hall Cum Indoor Sports and the improvement of the ground will cost up to Rs 30 lakh and this will be completed before the election.
Ardent said the strike will not be a half-hearted strike, but a strike that will last until victory.
“The MSCW has held an emergency meeting on the 13th July at the office, where all the members present expressed their surprise to see the The Chairperson of the Commission has been appointed by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
www.megressuults.
“It is true that many of the youth in the world are facing difficulties in getting government jobs but the government has also sought ways and means to curb this by preparing various training programmes,” she said. The Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS) so that the youth can be trained to stand on a firm foundation for what they want.
“The sad thing is that our young people in this age don't know about these games, many of them use their mobile phones and computers to and he went through them.
The asteroid is said to be traveling at a speed of 20,000 miles per hour.
“We are surprised that according to the findings of the Kur, Bah Stophianly Lyngdoh Paliar, the Lyngdoh whom the Kur has elected since 2018, has not done anything wrong against the Kur,” he said. Bresswell said.
Shillong: The Shillong Bar Association (SHBA) has been destroyed by a severe fire at 10.15 pm this morning.
Speaking to media, Zenith Sangma said the MDA government intends to allocate the land of MeECL in Shillong, Umiam, Sumer Byrnihat, Tura and other places. build malls, hotels and casinos in the name of promoting tourism at the expense of the public.
We want to be prepared so that when the Regional Committees of Assam and Meghalaya come we can present before them,” he said.
The NNSSCC has announced that the next match will be played on the 6th of this month on the Nongstoiñ Market Day. Nongstoiñ: Nongpyndeng SSCC has won the Qualifier-II match against Pyndengrei SCSC on Tuesday. Nongpyndeng District Sports Association (NDSA) has qualified for the final Super Division of the NDSA Football Tournament.
This was announced by Dr. Kyntiewlang Sanmiet, Nodal Officer and Spokesperson of Bethany Hospital.
Shillong, Naitung 29: U Bah Johnsing Ranee, the oldest man who passed away at the age of 114 years, today was buried by the Church of God, at the village of At Kutmadan, it was reported that many people came to pay their respects to Bah Johnsing Ranee on the day of his funeral.
For example, millions of people are excluded from the registry and are deceived. Furthermore, the inability of people to verify themselves at fingerprint scanners and the inability to update information about it causes people to lose their rights.
However, the mohkhiew is no longer a necessary tool for the farmer when the farmer has learned to use the lyngkor.
After the arrest and finding out the facts on the involvement of this foreigner in the illegal sale of simcards, the leaders of the HYC Nongpoh Circle, have handed over to the law enforcement authorities. that they may do what is necessary.
On the other hand, the party strongly condemns the government's plan to deploy police personnel to fight against the political parties who are fighting for the right to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
“Therefore, we urge you to review based on the syrnot submitted and if you listen to the advice it will be for the benefit of the people of the state,” said the petition. Dr Natalie has completed many degrees including Doctor of Philosophy in Folkloristics, Master of Arts in Journalism & Mass Communication, Shillong, 2008, B Div 64%, 2012, and has been teaching since
They were identified as Heibormi Laloo, 27, resident of Mawïong and Rahul Chettri, 24, resident of Dymmiew.
Earlier, the DC of South West Khasi Hills, Bah Aldous Mawlong, said that the opening of the school has been part of the development of the new district.
In West Garo Hills, there are 23 cases including 22 high risk cases and one screening case.
He said that the Sordars of the nine villages have expressed their deep sorrow over the statement of an officer that the water shortage has been affected by the invasion of muid. in a well of water, which is in the midst of the well.
On the other hand, the Seng has expressed its concern over the increase in crime in the area and at the same time the Seng urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate until they find those robbers and punish them according to the law. such things shall not happen again in our country.
However, near Umling, they were blocked by the Magistrate and Police.
On this occasion, speeches were delivered which told and reminded of the life of Tirot Singh who gave his life for the sake of the nation.
Therefore, all liquor shops including Liquor Shops/IMFL Shops/Bars/Hotels/CA Bars/CS Shops/Canteen and Liquor Shops will be closed on this day.
The demand for the establishment of the Khasi Jaintia Development Council (KDC) has been going on since
One example is the village of Nongrim Nongladaw which has been included in the MGNREGA scheme.
"The revival in England gave birth to the Presbyterian Church and in addition to preaching the Word of God, the Church fought and persecuted strongly against the Church. the part of bringing to mankind a fulfilling life and heaven here on earth.
However, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has not received permission to pass through these roads and the procession has been given permission to pass only from Madan Student to Motphran. .
The Government of India has agreed to renew the NRC but here too it has disappeared without any start.
The situation in Sahsniang village has improved after this incident.
They were scored by Aisukshisha Syiemlieh (10), Deiphiwansara Lyngkhoi (10), Badapynhun Dkhar (39) and Ridashisha Kharlyngdoh (41).
Speaking briefly about the life of Bah Bull, the President of the KSU said that it was this leader who started to protest against the government's plan to build a railway line in the state. “In the past few months, 32 members of the KSU have been imprisoned for this issue. Until now, the KSU has stood on its foundation and has not changed. “It is not allowed for the railway line to enter the state without strong laws and regulations to curb the illegal entry of foreigners,” said Lambok.
Earlier, Bidonshai Syiemlieh, 24, and Bidorsing Syiemlieh, 24, had sent other people to throw rynieng in their place while they were fighting for the post of UBSI. , the 2 were arrested.
When asked how the HSPDP will react if Fenela apologizes for the allegation, Witting said, “Time will tell”.
Therefore know and believe that by the death of Jesus on the Cross all men have been redeemed from the hands of Satan.
“I appeal to the party leaders to work hard for the party and the time is short if we replace the President, it will lead to confusion among the party workers even the defection of the party. said Bah Sanbor.
Besides, it was also found that many residents have to spend tens of thousands of rupees to purchase water tanks, pipes and electrical wires to be used when pumping water and water tanks. to pour water.
The greatest strength in man is humility and faith in fellow human beings and in the things above.
As part of this, a Population Based Cancer Registry (PBCR) has been launched at the Civil Hospital Shillong and recently a HBCR has been launched at NEIGRIHMS Shillong.
They pathaw in the house did not get tyllun during the earthquake.
The purpose of this training program is to provide assistance to the citizens of the state in relation to legal matters in which the government has opened many opportunities such as to receive protection or justice through the means provided by the Government for those who are not able to have such rights.
Amlarem, Lber 11: The Amlarem Upper Primary School, Amlarem Sub-Division has inaugurated a new school building with the assistance of the SSA Scheme at a cost of Rs. .20,0,2500 tyngka has been allocated for education.
KSU Education Secretary Shiningstar Khongiong said that the purpose of the award is to encourage the students of the area to succeed in their studies and to become beneficiaries. in society.
JOWAI: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the attack by Bangladeshi robbers at Lad Darrang and Amdoh, Rongtilla BOP. The injuries to the people were not reported.
Besides Akhil Gogoi, two other friends of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), Bittu Sonowal and Dhairjya Konwar, have also tested positive for the virus. They were admitted to Guwahati Medical College Hospital.
Qorban said that he would take good care of the little girl, as he did not have a wife at home.
Shillong: Kamrils Films Production and Jlaw Dohtir have announced that they will release a new Khasi film titled 'Anna' on the 31st June 2020 at Bijou Cinema Hall. Shillong.
Police said the victim was from Umrangso village in Jaintia Hills and the body of the victim was post mortem at Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Shillong: Police in Ribhoi District, in a statement today, said that at 6 pm, yesterday, they seized a bolero pick up, number ML 12 3243, on Umsning road. Mawhati, driven by Damanbha Ripnar and an IED was seized from the vehicle. At the time of writing of this news, police have also arrested four members of the IED. The HNLC, known as the sleeper cell, had planned to detonate IED bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh, after being ordered to do so by those from Bangladesh.
If you have found this mobile phone please call
Shillong, March 20: Both the Meghalaya men's cricket teams lost to Maharashtra in the Vinoo Mankad Trophy while the women's cricket team lost to Karnataka. in the Senior Women's T20 Trophy, which was held on Tuesday.
After the people had elected him as the leader of the village, the Syiem of Khad-ar Lyngdoh Hima, Paiem Wanphang, Syiem Nongshai, went to award him with the sponge and phali. at the same time to prove that Bah Henry Nongrum, was the full Rangbah Shnong of Shakhoikuna Village.
The union led by Samla Hercules Suting and Samla Pynshai Rymbai together with their members also met with the CEO of MePDCL to get clarification on the increasing power outages in these areas. The students are facing great difficulties in fulfilling their duties and other needs.
No person is prohibited from carrying firearms, but this order will not prohibit Police and Soldiers who are required to perform their duty.
They were arrested along with Damechanki Kyndait of Mookyrdup who was arrested with them on the same charge.
We are pleased that the HYC Riwar Sepngi has taken action on this issue.
PFR beat Mawpat SC 5-0 in the first leg of the tournament while Mylliem Grass Root beat Mawkriah West SC 6-1 in the second leg of the tournament. Rangdajied FC beat Challenger FA 7-0 in the third match and Umphyrnai SC beat Them Rangshken ACC 2-0 in the last match of the day. Sylvester Nongneng scored four goals in the 2nd, 14th, 22nd and 44th minutes while Wanrahbok Kharsati scored the third goal for Pay For Right. at the 30th minute.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Nine traders from Assam have been abducted by the GNLA at 5:30 am this morning. It is located near Songotagre village near Chokpot, South Garo Hills.
The CSWO demanded that the law should investigate and arrest the robbers who dared to take the life of this man.
He said that while there is a mid-term election, neither the Prime Minister nor the Chief Ministers of the States have the power to end the term of the House. be.
When we think about these words, they mean only to the individual but not to the political parties. Why? We remember in 2018 that there was a general election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, after the Congress won the election. He has been in power for two terms (2008 & 2013), there has been a strong complaint from the people of Meghalaya about the performance of the government and its public service delivery.
On this occasion, it was also witnessed that the members of HITO in the rally along the roads shouted slogans to condemn the government.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has decided to suspend the use of hydroxychloroquine to treat Covid-19, as it has failed to reduce the death toll.
The family members were able to reach Sillian through posting a picture of him on social media where someone informed him of his whereabouts.
We see that Jesus is the Advocate or Pleader who pleads not only for that woman but for all before God the Father in heaven to deliver man from sin from demons and Satan.
One of the ways in which the public should find out about the cost of schemes is by seeking information through the Right to Information (RTI).
The law will come into force from today until further notice.
Abhishek Bhagotia, IAS, who is currently the Secretary of the Secretariat Administration Department, will be appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. Hills District.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday afternoon, 24th March 2023, has raided the trading licenses of the shops of foreigners. There is a good number of books in Shillong.
The award ceremony was organized by the Altus Global Alliance and was held on Saturday.
I urge the elders of other villages to follow the best example of the elders of New Nongstoiñ.
They should also provide food for the baby because only the baby's breast is not enough as the months go by.
:On the morning of November 27, 2023, a concrete building used to store scrap metal was completely consumed by soot in a fire.
Speaking to media, Jaiswal, who is also the opposition chief and BJP in-charge in Sikkim, said the central government has sent notices regarding the Corruption in Nagaland.
Shillong, March 20: The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that no one has received the body of an unidentified patient who has died. who was about 30 years old and lived in the Lachumierer area.
“Therefore, there is no point in discussing and discussing this issue because it is dead and has been discussed since 2016 and the central government should not turn to the state because the state together with the The residents of the state will not accept the mining of uranium in the state because it is clear that the mining of this mineral will cause serious harm to the people in terms of health as it has been said. “On this basis, I urge the state government to send a letter to the central government that this issue has been completed and decided by the state government,” said Bah Process. The state government should not allow the mining of uranium in the state,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Regarding the repair of networks in the state, Tynsong said that the Prime Minister has already asked the companies to repair all the lines that have been damaged due to the heavy rain. in recent days.
Even in previous years, when the Governor read his speech in Hindi, the MLAs received it in English.
After the meeting, the KSU members also burnt the tyngshops of AMD and UCIL as a sign of protest against the plan of these departments to mine uranium. Former Gen Secretary of KSU Auguster Jyrwa said:
He said the VPP itself has not mentioned that the share of Garo and Khasi will be the same, but it wants to look into it through a special committee, which the government will appoint in this regard. after reviewing the reservation policy.
Shillong: The HANM Mawshynrut Circle, on Tuesday said that the residents of 56 villages in the area, are concerned about the non-distribution of ration for the month of June; especially those who have to buy ration from the vendors from Riangdo.
He said that the training is also because some employees in government offices have retired from their posts, some have died and those who have been transferred to other districts. .
After the helicopter landed, the Prime Minister visited UCC College and met with the teachers and staff.
The 43 kilometer stretch from Mawdumdum to Kyrshai will be implemented later once the survey and survey of the areas through which the road should pass has been completed. day.
Other speakers on the occasion were Rev Enial Lyngdoh Chairman of Banan Village, Delphine Mystica Bareh and Ilasiewdor Gashnga of SURE. 50 years (1972-2022) of my journey.
On the other hand, the KSU North Khasi Hills, has set up a gate at 20 mer, near Byrnihat, but the police have not allowed the KSU to conduct the search. himself to the pictures.
If the date is true, then Sivananda is the oldest to date.
The more they followed the westerners, the more evil they did in the west.
MDA spokesperson, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Saturday, urged the ASHA workers to come forward to discuss the issues with the government.
Not only that, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has announced that the State Government will pay compensation of T.5 lakh to the families of the four victims who lost their lives in the shooting. on the morning of November 22, 2022.
There are schools that are not performing well in the examinations in the SSLC, and the government has taken note of this.
“Finally, we set up this club on July 5,” said Bah Rana, founder of JKP. Khasi songs especially those that have been released in the past,” said Bah Rana.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that he has nothing to say against the statement of former Governor Tathagatha Roy against creating racial discrimination. , but this statement of his does not surprise us because he is a man who does not think without thinking.
Pretone said, “When you were in office, why didn't you do anything about the Khasi and Garo languages ​​to fight for their inclusion in the AITC? The fifth election has been held for a few months.
It is helpful to know that Sister Mary Albert Edanad was born in 1936 in Changanacherry 3, Kerala.
After victory they should pray, “Now Lord my God You have made Your servant King (MLA)... give Your servant a wise mind to rule over that I may know how to discern between good and evil: for who is able to rule over all thy great people?
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Hamlet said that since he won as MLA, he has taken the responsibility to work with love and desire to serve the constituency.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) today suspended all its recruitment examinations after the High Court issued its orders yesterday due to the lack of allocation system. The roster system is not available in accordance with the provisions of the State Reservation Policy.
“We request the government authorities as well as the JHADC to assist Libon Law and take a thorough investigation.
This road is opposite the Synjuk Wahingdoh School, where it has collapsed along the river, which has been covered with silver bars to prevent the spread of garbage.
The first recipient of this buskit was Raju Maring, from Mawphrew village, Ri-Bhoi District.
Therefore I pray and hope that her soul will go peacefully to the door of God and rest in peace in the presence of the Lord Jesus.
After the meeting, the party also held a candlelight vigil.
The state and the people will remember him not only as a leader of the people, but many other things he has done for the state to remember him.
It has been decided to conduct the survey in all States and UTs before October 2023, and to start implementation soon.
SC Majority Ruling on Aadhaar:1
Finally, the army agreed to release the people and allowed them to walk as usual.
Nongpoh: U Bah Goerge B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, in the presence of NHAI and PWD officials, today. They went to inspect the collapsed parts of the bridge, to find out how far it has affected the bridge, which is also one of the most important bridges in the state and which is connected to other bridges. spirit that state.
The 50th Border Security Force (BSF) Border Outpost (BOP) has been held at Bahadur in Mahenderganj, South West Garo Hills. Hills.
The ASHAs on that day with placards said, “Don't order us to stop working, when you say we are volunteers”.
The union requests all the teachers of Upper Primary Schools who fall under the banner of MUPSTA to take the time to attend the meeting so that the objectives and goals of the union will be achieved.
The ACC, led by BCCI Secretary Jay Shah, said it would soon submit its reply to the PCB regarding this aspect of its current investigation into the matter. He said other ACC members also want the Asia Cup to be held at central stadiums to save costs although Pakistan will remain the host country.
Wanri Pyngrope, the producer of Khasi films, has requested the state government to help build a cinema hall and a film city in Shillong if it wants to promote Khasi films.
T 2000 can be deposited into bank accounts and withdrawals can be made according to the availability of funds in the account. Do I need to pay anything for the exchange? Yes.
In a letter to the president of the MPTC, Charles Pyngrope, he said that George no longer wants to be a leader, but will remain a member of the TMC Meghalaya. He was also the Vice President of TMC Meghalaya and the President of TMC Umroi Block.
Of all the crops in Khasi-Jaintia, this is one of the most cultivated.
They said that although the valley is very beautiful, due to the lack of proper roads or footpaths, the tourists do not reach it.
Shibun said that during his visit, he will meet with MLAs who intend to join the party, including those from the Congress.
That is why you need to think or talk about things that can make you happy and laugh.
However, the Prime Minister cannot fail to look back on the two years of pandemic, which has affected the income of the state. in terms of income, it was only 6.75 percent.
They also spent Indian money in those areas where they came.
Therefore, we request the Government to seek further advice from political parties, civil society groups, Syiems, Sirdars, Doloi of Jaintia Hills Elaka, Nokma in Garo Hills and all Rangbah Shnong Unions.
General Secretary- Heibormi Lyngdoh
This school is also one of the oldest schools and was first established in 1967 which has produced many intellectuals and intellectuals.
On the status of the Khasi language, Paul said that before the arrival of the French, different languages ​​were only village languages. write in science, philosophy and subjects outside the humanities".
He said that if 3000 policemen are released, 3000 policemen will be given to those who have retired and those who are 60 years old will still carry guns.
Since Jesus came and after his ascension to heaven, the Temple was destroyed in Jerusalem. The Temple of Solomon was because God no longer wanted the people (Jews) to worship in that Temple. which burns incense and sacrifices animals and is only a fulfillment of God.
The DC of WKHD has also directed the farmers to follow the rules laid down by the Government such as social distancing, to wash their hands regularly and wear masks. mask and not to gather in the same place.
The organization is extremely important.
During the three-day tournament, which started on Tuesday, there was a disruption due to heavy rain.
The program started on November 15, 2023 and will continue until March 2,
He urged the people to register at the villages or centers arranged by the DC and BDO office. He also urged the village leaders and ration shops to cooperate so that the project will be a success.
The prize money for the winners will be 10,000/- for the first place, 5000/- for the second place and 3000/- for the third place. subtitle Prize like Miss Beautiful Hair, Beautiful Smile and others.
Valentine's Day dates back to the first centuries in the Roman Empire.
Jowai, March 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today visited the Kiang Nangbah Govt.
The residents who came to take part also brought traditional musical instruments such as duitara, ksing padiah, instruments made of siej such as prah, shang, khoh and others. .
Our state has too few locals to take over as government officials at various levels.
– Just as the Huri Hura began first in the minds of the people and will continue in the actions, so it is in the minds of the people that peace, harmony, peace and harmony can be brought about. even.
SHILLONG: The North East Forum for Indigenous Peoples (NEFIP) will hold its first working meeting on the 30th of this month in Shillong.
The teams that lost the semi-finals in the men's and women's categories won the silver medals. They include Nagaland, Meghalaya in the men's category and Meghalaya and Tripura. in the case of women.
Tomorrow, the quarter final will be played between Seven Brothers and Smit at 10:30 AM, followed by Assam Rifles vs Mawpdang at 1:30 PM.
Shillong: The Taxi Drivers Association of East Khasi Hills has found that there are many private vehicles which earn money to transport tourists around the country.
We as the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh (Border) in Jaintia Hills, we give our full support (100%), to the protest of Bah Ardent M.Basaiawmoit, for the demand for the amendment or renewal of the the Reservation Policy (State Job Reservation Policy).
It is surprising that even though the equipment is sufficient, the relevant department still intends to provide, in which such as the maintenance of the roads will be done immediately and the delay can stop the maintenance of roads to be implemented.
According to his family members, he was born in February 1949 in Ialong.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong Tympang, Iawmusiang today cleaned up the Iaw Musiang which is one of the biggest markets in Jaintia Hills. COVID-19.
The singers who sang the song included Ontei Syiemlieh, Kitbok Syiemlieh, Manbha Mawkhiew, Jerry Kharphuli, Lumlang Shabong and Rikmen Pyngrope.
If relief can be sent to Odisha within 10 months, why can't relief be sent to the refugees in the state for 2 years, asked the union.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday handed over the land titles to Varun Beverages for the construction of a Pepsi factory at Mendipathar, North Garo Hills.
Referring to the teachers, he said that the state has about 50,000 teachers; The Government has taken action on this and turning to the SSAs, he said that this is a scheme of the Central Government in which the State Government pays 10%. get money from the federal government.
He was also the chief guest to open the office in the presence of members and office bearers of the KSU, former leaders of the KSU, elders and others who were invited.
His supporter promised to support him for 10 years by donating 1 kilo of dai, 1 sleit of pylleng and Nutrela per month.
The union said through a letter submitted to the minister, that the drug trade is rampant and many children and young men and women have become addicted to this drug.
“As we have discussed earlier, we stand on the same ground, which we have informed the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Secretary,” said Metbah.
While we are living in a democratic country, we must not allow those in power to rule as they please without listening to the voice of others.
Meanwhile, MSL 2019 champions Shillong Lajong have scored 13 goals in two matches against Riangdo to stay in second place.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 23: The Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA) on Friday launched the Super Division Football Tournament with a cash prize of 40,000 tyngka.
How will this Act affect Islam? The persecution of minorities in these three Muslim countries has had a negative impact on the prestige of Islam around the world.
“I would like to say that the news in Mawphor that there is a complaint is wrong because if it is clean formalin it should have been found in Andra because the fish have been examined before being brought here. They have not been examined and cannot be brought to the state.
The first problem faced by the residents of urban areas is the traffic jam.
The District Magistrate has imposed section 144 CrPC to curb the deterioration of Lakasein Road and the deterioration of the bridge at Shymplong, which connects the India-Bangladesh border villages.
Dajied, a resident of Bynther-Mairang, was abducted from his workplace in Nongjri on 27th June this year and was arrested in Bangladesh on 15th June. I'm from Bangladesh.
The CEM has not yet decided whether to appoint Albinus Lyngdoh or Victor Rani as EM.
Green tea is rich in antioxidants which can have many health benefits.
Tiplem expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Sarot I Man group who first chose their village to provide assistance.
So after he had finished his work at the branch house, he prepared his feet to go to Lydia's house.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Donlang Sohklet, is one of the leaders in Ri Bhoi, so in relation to this MDC election, the people of Umsning Constituency, are looking forward to him to be the candidate. MDC and especially after he joined the NPP and applied for a ticket from the party, which is also the party that led the state government.
It is to be recalled that Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, is also one of the leaders who ran for the post of Leader of Jirang Constituency from the NPP, but after a while he joined the party. Congress.
“I understand that not only the BJP, but other political parties are strongly opposed to this bill and I doubt that this party will be willing to pass the Citizenship Bill in the House. He said that the present government will never come back to power.
Results:10m air pistol: Mixed team:
He expressed his gratitude to the fighters for the state and expressed his gratitude to them, who fought for the state with love and determination.
Marcos Rudwere scored the winning goal for the team in the 72nd minute.
Aenam Jyrwa scored two goals in the 37th minute and Basuk Bina in the 63rd minute before Arlangky Nongsiej was sent off for a red card. .
Tata Motors has brought an offer to customers by launching these vehicles that are reliable and provide many useful services, including the connectivity service, Fleet Edge telematics. system, the signing of an agreement for the annual advertising of vehicles, and the Sampoorna Seva 2.0 program.
A blazing fire and smoke were seen rising from the crash site.
“Regarding another report, submitted by Chief Medical Officer Jayant Kumar and sent to Ballia District Magistrate Ravindra Kumar on Sunday, it was said that the death toll in the same There were 83 people.
Ha you are master and free.
Tej applied for his release by appearing in court on 2nd November 2018 and this was only after he had just written on 12th June, or six months ago.
The Synod has donated T.1.50 lakh to these families, which was handed over to the Church Leaders (Tymmen Basan) at a meeting held at the office of the Synod. Presbytery.
Therefore said they unto him again, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And they said also to the blind man, Who opened his eyes? he is the Prophet.
Recalling the attacks on Khasi by foreigners, the General Secretary of the party, Samla Donald V.Thabah in a statement said, “In 2020, Bengali foreigners killed Bah Lurshai Hynniewta. ha Pyntha Umdan which has welcomed all the Khasi people living in those areas.
It is the Meghalaya High Court that has decided for the government to have a roster system so that it can be fair and orderly in the implementation of the Reservation Policy.
Shillong: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the decision of MLAs, MDCs and some office bearers of the Congress party to join the All India Trinamool Congress (APCC) party has been rejected. AITC) is just a blind following of Dr Mukul Sangma.
There is no point in talking about farmers if you don't talk about the land.
It would be of great benefit to the students, students and especially to the parents if the authorities reduce the number of bicycles".
Silvester Mynsong, said that the village authorities have taken immediate action on the incident and the two persons who lived with him have been sent for testing. They have been quarantined for five days until the results of the COVID-19 test have been received.
Furthermore, these employees have informed the union leaders that in the past, they used to ask for equipment in the name of 100 days. growth especially in the rural areas.
The train will carry 1000 people who have already registered with the government.
To conclude this message I have to say to you Khasi – Why can't we rebuild our lives by looking at the example of other nations? If we innovate and educate our children, the Khasi country will soon change.
These are those complexities I mentioned above, which have to be fully understood only by experts in these fields, whose laws and regulations are very complex, but there are differences, which they the people find it difficult to understand.
For this reason, this incident is an occasion to remind everyone of how far we still have to go and how far we still have to come back just because of insecurity.
The tournament was organized by the East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer. The tournament, which will end with the final match on the 3rd of November, will be attended by 128 players. 98 times matches.
According to Bah Rani, there is no specific written statement on the reasons for the summons, but only on the kharmetor.
In this programme, PM Modi will speak on the following topics; “The fear of the students to take examinations, but it can change them so that they are no longer afraid and also to reach their goals.
“There will be no paucity of funds for the growth and development of Meghalaya and the Northeast region.
The woman said that since she lived with Sronling Lyngkhoi, he never comforted her until the days when they fled and even after they fled, she said that the two of them. Her 2 children died in the womb as a result of beatings and abuse by her boyfriend.
John 3:16.
Before the distribution of rice, the President of MPFW&PO, Pynchngain Rymbai, said that the KVK office has already trained the farmers on how to grow rice. As soon as the rice was delivered to the households, it was necessary to start planting the rice because when the time came for harvesting, the soil was not yet fertile.
He said that when we elect our leaders we should no longer elect them with human feeling and we have elected with human feeling and love for our leaders but now it is up to us to think about the future. and we will vote for the development and it is up to you whether you choose the development or the critics and if you vote for the critics the answer you will get after they win is that don't don't feel like you're on the opposite side.
The Principal of the school, Babu E Pyngrope, who explained that this program has attracted the children, although at first they didn't have the desire but when they tried they became more and more interested. in this regard because they get to do it practically too.
From time to time, it has been seen that there have been discussions, workshops or seminars to discuss this issue and the many dangers that the people can get if they smoke but all these are the same. It is like telling a fairy tale to the children so that they may sleep and forget as soon as they wake up in the morning.
That's what we're talking about the city offices, but if we talk about the offices in the districts or rural areas, it's been the same, that for three months or less, they've been closed. There can be only one chowkidar and this is an issue that the State Government will have to resolve immediately.
With this victory, Meghalaya will prepare for their third match against Jammu & Kashmir on the 6th of this month at 3:30 pm.
The VPP also demanded that the Lamphang should appoint an interpreter if the Governor speaks in Hindi in the Budget Session.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today accepted the no-confidence motion tabled by the Congress party under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma against the BJP. The Council of Ministers under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The increase has also opened the door for the hockey team to participate in the Asian Champions Trophy 2023 to be held in Chennai in April.
On the other hand, Bah GS Thangkiew, said that there have been attempts by the government to dismiss him from the case, in which they have offered him a job and money before they take the case. the case was brought before the High Court.
He said that the family members have already lodged a complaint at Thanat Pynursla on Saturday and he and the family members will follow up on this and talk about the law. Strict action against the BSF personnel involved.
When the people don't want to buy them, these children start asking for financial help because they can't eat and this often puts people in pity to give them something.
One of them is from Nagaon district and the other is from Hojai district.
This book hopefully will make it easier for readers, leaders, government authorities, civil society, schools to learn more about this issue.
Residents should be vigilant to protect themselves as floods can occur after heavy rains especially in areas near rivers and streams.
“In the 21st century, the State should talk more about tourism, recreation, rural recreation, Government-funded projects, many other projects. employment opportunities and others.
The training was led by RM Kharsyntiew MJS in the presence of Advocate Melody War and Annie Sohtun.
In this regard, the union urges the students, youth, parents, Dorbar Shnongs and NGOs (Youth Associations, Women's Associations, Sports Clubs, Associations) and all the people residents of Bri u Hynniewtrep to give their full support by turning out in large numbers on this day.
Adding to this, Bah Dispar said that he has also sought RTI to find out about the dumping of garbage and the complaints that the PHE has filed against the dumping of garbage from the shohdoh and the The PHE has already lodged a complaint.
But all these arrests and drug seizures, it’s just known.
The winners of other awards such as Miss Beautiful Eyes, Miss Beautiful Skin, Miss Beautiful Hair, Miss Beautiful Smile and Miss Catwalk will receive T.
“We don't need to talk to the minister anymore because he has lied and not kept his promise,” said Bah Ioanis.
However, unfortunately, this is not in the minds of the department.
The question arises whether the appointment of Syiems falls within the legislative authority, as stated in paragraph 3(g) of the Sixth Scheduled, or whether it falls within the jurisdiction of the paragraph 3 (g) of the Social Customs.5.
“We will conduct the State Entrance Examination (SEC) as soon as we receive the allocation from the central government.
“To overcome such problems faced by the people, it is necessary to have the unity of all the MLAs/MDCs in the district, because only the voice of the MLA or MDC who leads from such a Constituency 20, has not reached the goal of victory, but if all the MLAs/MDCs stand together to demand from the government, I am confident that the government will listen,” said Bah Mayrald Born Syiem.
The third person who has been charged and the trial is ongoing is Thomas Sangma from North Tura.
So far, about 39.62 percent of the people infected with the virus have recovered.
Dr. Reuben Kynta, Associate Professor, Department of CTVS and others.
And even those who speak rudely, no matter who they are, you cannot criticize them with words that society cannot accept because it will put trouble behind you when you violate the law.
"Besides the leaders, there were also prominent writers who participated including Janice Pariat, Rohan Chakravarty, Arghya Sengupta, Ambarish Satwik, Clemen Xavier, Parismita Singh, Naveen Kishore, Ankush Saikia, Jeyamohan, Sam Miller, Sanjoy Mukherjee, Nandini Oberoi, Desmond Kharmawphlang, Bijoya Sawian, Patricia Mukhim, Ian Lyngdoh and Kyntiewbor War.
Fistar Saring (10 & 24) scored the second goals, while Mebantei Manih (15) and Firstitan (17) scored the second goals.
The JSU also strongly condemned the Agtha's rebellion in support of the CAB in the Lok Sabha and the CM's participation as the chief guest in the football tournament held at Wahiajer on Tuesday without respecting the curfew called by the Agtha. NESO: The JSU strongly condemns the actions of the Prime Minister and the NPP party for turning away the people of the state and the North East as a whole.
Shillong: Police today arrested BJP State Vice President Bernard N. Marak from Uttar Pradesh, said the Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, VS Rathore.
The death of Father Stan Swamy is not over.
The BJP Meghalaya spokesperson said that the Shillong MP's statement is just a ploy to mislead the people who have loved and trusted the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday continued the raid on licenses in Mawprem, Garikhna and Ïewduh areas. There are many shops where you don't have a license and you don't have a Khasi.
The Assam Chief Minister has said that he will write to the BCCI not to hold any more sports finals in India on days that coincide with the National Day of the People of Assam. the family of Nehru and Gandhi.
According to our knowledge, we will encourage the people to leave their jobs and say that this (Reservation Policy) is the life and death of the nation.
Residents are invited to fly the tricolor flag in their homes and workplaces from the 15th of July to brighten up the city.
“The NOC from the Dorbar Shnong or Dorbar Hima should be applied for only when applying for the first time but in the renewal there is no need to apply again except when there is a complaint against the shopkeeper,” he said. Sanbor.
This shows that in our Hynniewtrep society there are different regions where the way of life, culture and culture differs from one region to another.
“We also demand that the State Government should pay compensation to the landowners who have lost their land and fish ponds because they have been transferred to Assam,” said the Forum leader. .
The President of the VPP also criticized the MLA of Jowai, who said in recent days that the VPP MLAs do not speak anything in the Assembly, but only take to the streets.
According to information received, all the owners of places adjacent to these public places should install CCTV cameras within the authority of the government, and if they cannot do so, The government authorities will go and close down these places.
The KSU in the presence of the President and General Secretary, has warned him not to come to Sahsniang village to trade illegally and has also ordered his groups to warn that if they come, the KSU will not be responsible. .
He is the second highest follower after Shakira to have 100 million followers.
In a statement, KSUPKBUHT said that Nongwah Mawtamur has been a part of the state since ancient times and Bah Joy has sent a petition to the North East Frontier (Assam) Tribal. The Sub Committee was approved by the former CEM of KHADC Gilbert Shullai in 1972-73 and the Dy Director of NERC Guwahati Sujit Kumar Dutta in Sohiong has 88 villages in Ribhoi and the witnesses stand by the Mawnongrim that even the name of HSPDP President Bah Hoping still stands today.
According to a statement from the Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, all drivers have been directed to replace the exhaust pipes with those that come with vehicles from companies due to the inconvenience to the pedestrians.
The Lumshnong C&RD Block was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on 5th November 2022, but until 2nd June 2024 the President of the HSPDP Jaintia Hills will meet with the Minister of Rural Development. it doesn't work yet.
Ma Vesper Lamare of Khliehriat West Village has lodged a complaint with the EJNC regarding the death of his cows.
Not only that, the State Government should know how much the price of synsar is in the world market, in the Indian market and there it will match the Shillong market and if it is, the price will be much better.
The reason why Jesus will rebuild Mount Zion is that it has been destroyed before that time of God's wrath when he pours out the bowls of his wrath.
“We will not change this and now we will work on this decision to raise awareness among the people or to build infrastructure like bridges and roads, which will bring peace to the people of Pynursla and Mawsynram,” he said. Chief.
In the field of agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, fishery and many others, they can help in the livelihood of the farmers.
LPS, Eastern Govt.
as a man of power and authority, he prays, he prays for forgiveness with a strong warning and as a sign that his brothers and sisters apologize for their mistakes. They are short, the kni Rangbah sets a day of sacrifice and offering as a sacrifice to fulfill the righteousness of God.
On the other hand, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, while speaking on the occasion, said that Samla Saiñkupar Syngkli, even at a young age, has a vision for the future of his fellow youth. They need to know and have computer education and this will make it easier for the students in Jirang area and parents as well as they don't have to send them to distant places through the opening of this school. place of training in this area.
In the final, Erkai Football Club and Mawpud Football Club scored two goals each while Erkai FC scored two goals each. Pynshai scored 10 goals for Mawpud FC and before the end of the first half Mawpud FC scored another goal through Riful Snaitang.
Two goals came in the second half when Sohmynting scored the first goal through Rigal Pyrtuh (41').
Before the foreigners (Mikirs now Karbi) came to live in this country, we Khasi Pnars had lived there for hundreds of years.
We have been in the middle of the strike for almost 10 months, so we request the VC to cancel this notification and end this confusion,” said Bah Rani.
When asked whether she had joined the BJP alone or with more than 2,000 of her followers, Pelcy said that when she joined she joined the BJP alone without consulting anyone. “My supporters say, we will follow wherever you lead,” she said. She said that the recruitment of members to the BJP is in progress and there will be others from the Congress who will come who will become friends with her.
Lasting Suchiang, candidate of Trinamool Congress from Mowkaiaw Assembly Constituency, was the first candidate to file his nomination papers.
This is the second time that the national team has failed to qualify for the Asian Games.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills has risen to 2,6
The match on the second day will be between Nangkiew Irat SC and Langsning at 3 pm.
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkliaw, Bah Thomsing Mawkon, has informed all the students who are still in their various schools and those who are abroad to take their time to attend the meeting. come and receive their reward.
In his final words, Donald Trump said, “We love the people of the United States and this is the most precious thing.
He said the incident was similar to what happened in 2017 when Islamic State (IS) militants blew up and destroyed the Al-Nuri mosque in Mosul.
Other places receive less rainfall than Sohra.
Other MLAs from the Opposition as well as MLAs from the Ruling Party such as Bah Mayralborn Syiem, UDP MLA from Nongpoh, stood up to ask and ask for clarification from the Minister on the danger of this bridge.
Earlier, Rev Dr.S.Hayong gave an explanation on Academic Writing and taught the importance of publishing any writing.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,968 and the death toll has risen to 1,3
This ground is used for many sports and other public purposes.
As soon as the incident reached the ears of the university authorities, they immediately stopped and ensured that the students staying inside the hotel will be in peace.
“We left the house at 2:30 pm and arrived here at 3 pm,” said Samla Welldone. “When they arrived at the scene, there was no one and only these three friends. .
The injured were identified as Mikel Dkhar of Thangskai and Rilangnga Sayoo of Mulieh.
He said the state government wants to use the Chattogram canal for goods from the state to Bangladesh.
Another issue is that most of the land dealers are foreigners and this encourages the influx of foreigners if they are free to set up jobs in the land in the state.
The vehicle was seized by the BSF troops together with the Baghmara police after they seized the sugar.
When asked whether the government will close down schools, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “We have discussed this issue.
“The PDF party has handed over the decision to us four MLAs to decide on this issue but as a respect to each other we two ministers will have to decide. sit down and talk to each other.
The statement said that it will monitor all development projects in the state in order to achieve this goal.
“The government's intention to pay this money to the environmentalists will help in the coming days that the government does not need to spend the money by starting this programme”.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Saturday confirmed that the GNLA is still recruiting members in Bangladesh. member or not.
Those who have returned should also be enforced by a law against health and safety measures, and by the villages, if they are clean, they should be punished and not assisted and imposed a fine. .
This school will not only be another school, but will also have special training on agriculture, environmental protection, training that children will understand from an early age. when they are old enough to stand on their own feet.
In a statement, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that the suspension of the recruitment of Nursing Officers through NORCET is due to the loss of jobs for the indigenous youth.
He said that the Punjab government has been deeply saddened by this news as its people have been living there for a long time before the independence of India. hazard.
Tynsong said the government has selected these two institutions because they are the best and most qualified institutions to take on this responsibility in this regard.
More than 93% of oesophageal cancer cases are caused by smoking.
There are also many beautiful places and surrounding areas in Nongtrai.
Why do you say that you should start judging and investigating yourselves individually so that you people will not be deceived by the power of money, or misled anywhere whether it is in the markets, funeral homes? or the election campaign.
In the final match on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Nehlang Phawa (4) scored the goal for the team until the end of the first half.
In the men's 1500M event, Skhemlang Suba won the medals, while in the women's event, Glorify won. Kurbah won the bronze medal in the same race.
Nongstoiñ, July 04: The Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club (MYCC) has prepared for the flag raising ceremony of the Golden Jubilee on the 6th July at the village square of Mawrusyiar.
He said that 10 months before the polling, about 24 constituencies where the UDP had hoped to reach the target but it could win only 11 seats.
Jowai, July 29: The National Horticulture Board in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Agriculture Marketing Board and the Directorate of Horticulture today held a 'Krishi Mela Cum Awareness' Programme' at the Multi Facility Center Shangpung, Molibang, as part of the Cluster Development Program to raise awareness among the farmers about the schemes of the government.
“We will convene a general meeting on the 7th of June in Shillong to form an Action Committee and on the 21st of June in Tura, West Garo Hills to take a decision to hold a protest,” he said. Mr. Nongsiang.
It has decided and sent a letter to the government and the Prime Minister to suspend the permission.
The committee will review the State Reservation Policy by taking the views of all stakeholders and also by visiting all parts of the State.
On the other hand, Chairman Lamphrang Blah announced that the EC led by Titosstarwell has lost its majority and the election of a new CEM will be held tomorrow.
The Nigerians were boarding a Night Super bus from Silchar to Guwahati.
Brindaban Goswami and his wife, Labanya Goswami, have both tested positive for the virus.
“The target is to maintain 2 lakh hectares of forest in the next five years through existing works,” he said.
In the city or in the countryside, there are still many intelligent people who love the environment and are sleepless nights to protect and preserve the natural resources in this modern age.
Speaking to reporters, the President of ASHAs, Sori Marboh, said that the ASHAs have many tasks to do and the challenges they face. They have discussed with the government authorities which has not yielded any results so far.
The motive for the shooting of the minister was not immediately known, the source said.
He was arrested at 12 o'clock in the morning.
“When the BJP leaders from Delhi came to Shillong, they promised to withdraw from the MDA government within six months, and they would send various investigations, but so far nothing has been done. nothing", he said.
Pastor Jamir said that those who have been addicted to drugs if they don't get drugs, they don't sleep all night, they just want to kill people, they want to kill people and if they don't get drugs their mind is always to it is better for you to die than to live in this world.
The reason is all from the MDCs of KHADC. How can these 11 people give so much power to come to Sierlapalang?
“While strongly condemning the bombing and injuring of 3 (three) youths by the Assam Police from Jatalong village, the MPHRC is deeply saddened by this incident and strongly condemns this act. Assam Forest Police without any reason.
The Union also demanded that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU should immediately dismiss this person as this incident has caused shame and disgrace to the entire university.
Shillong: The handshake between the BJP and the Congress has intensified in these days ahead of the MLA elections in the state.
Assam is in the midst of border disputes with four neighboring states of Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland.
He expressed his regret over the behavior of the Syiem and some ministers without the consent of the Hima.
In the SSLC, the top schools were North Liberty Higher Secondary School with three students, QC Springside English Secondary School, KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School and Little Star Secondary School. who are one by one.
Khliehriat West came from behind to turn the tide through Shanbor Malang 41' and Dawyoo Bhoi 42'
The names of the APHLC, HPU, PDIC, MPPP, MNCP and PDA were mentioned in the article, but the name of KHNAM was also mentioned as the missing party. On the other hand, we would like to clarify that KHNAM has not disappeared, but it still exists and is preparing for the election to the District Council.
"I called out, "Oi khun..." said Niakha. "You came, son, come inside..." Niakha called.
Meghalaya scored three goals in the first half and three more in the second half. Everbrightson Mylliempdah scored in the 8th minute. Syndai scored in the 39th and 62nd minutes, Damonlang Pathaw in the 41st minute, Dajiedlang Wanshnong in the 57th minute and Nelson Rymbai scored the first goal in the 79th minute.
I entered the crowd with the intention of killing myself but I was shot by the crowd, and after that I was afraid and grabbed something as close as I could to protect myself and them. They were not at home but the bhur started to turn on us but later we managed to escape from the incident”.
The union demanded that Lahkmen Rymbui should take action as soon as possible to provide ambulances to these three hospitals for the benefit of the people of the area.
If we talk about peace and order, we don't see that peace in our state, whether in Shillong or in the border areas, there is no peace at all.
He said that the salary increase will not affect the Health Department and the Police, Home Guard and Civil Defense Departments which are in Group C. Group A, Group B and Group C will also apply to offices and school teachers who receive assistance from the government except employees of Municipals who fall under this category. the salary of those working in Group D and also of those who receive pension.
The Minister said that the reason why the government has not been able to release the salaries of SSA teachers on time is due to the delay in releasing them from Delhi.
Seibor Dkhar scored the first goal of the match (49).
Many of the residents are still going to private hospitals such as Nazareth, Woodland, Robert Hospital, Bethany and Supercare.
To create an Epic card for Adhar, many people have registered.
An earthquake has struck Shillong at 3.04 pm today.
“If we are trying to raise awareness on the dangers of drug abuse and how parents and citizens should be responsible, we must start from home to fight against drugs.
He said that it is the working methods of this Government that have brought about the change.
Such initiatives showcase the scope of our agricultural activities and also empower our farmers.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills Unit together with doctors from the Down Town Hospital Guwahati will hold a The Free Health Check-Up will be held on the 11th of this month from 9 am to 2 pm at Khlieh Riat West Community Hall.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The decision to increase the salaries of SSA teachers will be taken by the Cabinet.
This is the beginning of the people having the opportunity to elect representatives to the Legislative Assembly.
The arrests were made only against drug traffickers who earn illegal income from the sale of drugs in the villages and near schools.
Up to 20 ASHAs have received assistance and all of them are under the jurisdiction of the Jowai Urban Health Centre, Loomkyrwiang, Jowai.
The man was reportedly acquainted with another man, who did not identify himself, as being from London and working for himself, when they met on Instagram. , who wants to do business in India and therefore wants a partner.
“This pajwa, which burned Ganja in the dewbilat factory, has a temperature of up to 1300 degrees Celsius.
He added that through this, the incidence of diseases can be reduced by adopting cleanliness as a way of life.
“After this, they requested again because the age has passed and the education department is the first department to implement the age limit,” he added.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has imposed a curfew from 5 pm to 4 pm on 7th October 2020 in the Iewduh, Paltan Bazar, Motphran Jeep Stand and Cantonment areas. curfew, will remain in force from 4 pm until further notice.
Shillong: Kharumnuid FC beat Laitlum FC in the first semi-final of the 2nd Mawutieng Invitation Football Tournament organized by the Mawutieng Sports and Cultural Club in Shillong. Thoslyndy field, Sohragikham.
The election of Bah J.Wanniang (who voted in Rambrai-Jyrngam Constituency) in Seinduli Circle in 2019 is the main reason why I have left behind because I am a poor person. and I cannot compete with him in terms of money (Klur).
“When I look at the politics in the state, I see that there is a lot of misleading among the people,” said Bah Metbah, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. to Bah Reming who was born in Maw-u-Sam.
In the 65 kgs category, Badon Kupar Kharbhih of Body Zoo Gym came second, Wilynder Khonglam of Marphalyngki Police Gym came second and Phyrnailang Siangshai of Body Terrific Gym came third. You can visit the Elite Gym and visit Donbok Syiem at the Body Zoo Gym.
East Khasi Hills has 148 cases, followed by West Jaintia Hills with 92 cases and Ribhoi District with
He was reportedly shot in the chest.
These children were returning from a summer camp organized by the Bayou City Fellowship.
After the intervention of the Chief Minister, many of those who failed to take the examination will be able to take it again,” he said.
Who is to blame for the backwardness of the villages in the 60 constituencies? Do the people elect the Nongmihkhmat or the Nongmihkpoh? The backwardness of the State in terms of education, roads, roads, or health, if we talk about the truth, is the lack of attention of the Government.
“We have informed the Election Commission of India (ECI) about this and it will hold the election again at this polling station,” he said.
Shillong:"They pulled at Jiro Point and said to shoot dead.
According to information received by the Sohiong Area Dorbar Association through RTI from the state education department, one of the teachers, Balawanpli shisha Talang, has been dismissed. Shelin Thabah, the education department does not know why she does not teach at the school.
Commandant Bah Hubert G Lyngdoh said that the funeral service will be held tomorrow.
UDP Ranikor Circle Unit Secretary GG Bung Snaitang said that the issues to be discussed on the day will be to elect the leaders to take part in the General Council of the UDP. The meeting was held at Mawkyrwat on the 25th of this month to renew the office bearers of the circle for the year 2013-2016 and the MDC elections.
Participants in this service were Singing Inspiration and Choir: Sohkha Presbyterian Youth Church, War Sepngi District Youth Church, Kudeng Thymmai Presbyterian Youth Church, Presbyterian Youth Church, Daw Presbyterian Youth Church, Daw Presbyterian Youth Church. Padu Mawsku Presbyterian Church, Darrang Presbyterian Church, Khonglah Presbyterian Church, Mathmat Presbyterian Church, Mawlong Presbyterian Church, Shnongpdeng Presbyterian Church, Nongrem Presbyterian Church
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 500 new cases have been confirmed and 4044 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
We have also seen in the media that the DHS of Meghalaya has started spreading rumors about the Covid-19 pandemic. knowledge and understanding.
The length and breadth of the chapters do not differ much in these subjects.
The 144-page agreement was signed between the city and the Department of Human Rights after receiving a report on the incident last year.
He said that another issue is that these people who work in the area do not have labor license and are lightweights.
The student, who sustained serious injuries to his head and leg, was rescued by people nearby and was rushed to Bethany Hospital. Nongpoh for urgent treatment.
If we look at the medal table of all the districts that have participated, we can say that all of them have won the medals from the various categories of competitions held. The total number of medals awarded in this tournament is
She said Assam accounts for 13% of India's oil production.
The Under-12 tournament will be for men only, while the Under-15 tournament will be for both men and women.
On the other hand, the Sordars have requested the government officials to improve the water tanks on the roads of the village roads. a specific scheme for provision according to local conditions.
During the inspection, the Principal of Govt Girls H.S.School was met and she said that the hostel is no longer suitable for the children because it is dilapidated and the walls have been damaged. and it is harmful to the children if they are left behind.
The lockdown has also opened up the opportunity for parents to spend time with their children.
Here we see that Mukul Sangma has taken advantage of this characteristic of the party by using his dirty tricks to become the leading leader whom the people respect especially those who don't know. Nickey Nongkhlaw, spokesperson of the National People's Party (NPP), said in a statement.
Everyone seeks his own welfare and happiness, in his own way, so that one looks at the other with a smile! Everyone strives on the highway of Science.
He said back to me.
The areas to be affected are the villages under the Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong Cantonment Board, Nongthymmai and Mawlai.
However, there are still some mutlops, who are still standing along the road from the gate to Iingmane.
This is the finding of the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) Assam, when it examined the educational qualifications of 126 MLAs in the state.
In Meghalaya, the railway is a very busy business and many organizations and Chief Executive Members have expressed concern over the illegal entry of foreigners.
The discussion on the electricity shortage in Ri Bhoi is not only during the storm or during the natural disaster, but also during the dry season. The same is true of the electricity supply and if it is in this way, who will blame the residents and the electricity bill will have to be paid exactly without any shortage as the price has been increased by MeECL. Mawphor has spoken to many of the elders of Ri Bhoi District. The voice of these elders is that they have expressed their concern over the electricity shortage in Ri Bhoi. Bhoi and it is time for the people to take this issue against the government or the MeECL department that it has to provide exactly the electricity and if it cannot provide as required It is time for the people to come out to protest against this excessive electricity shortage in Ri Bhoi which has affected not only the rural areas but also the urban areas of the district. .
However, the land owners said that they will continue to protest until they get their rights.
Bah Sanbor informed the people that the BJP government is now looking forward to the development of these areas through tourism as through this, it will bring many benefits to the people of these areas as well as the the state will get to collect a lot of money.
Immediately after that, the Home Ministry was asked to look into the matter, but it is still pending.
We must not allow you to lose your family.
Shillong, July 25: The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima through Minister Kephas Langstieh today announced that there will be a cleanliness drive at the Market, Shillong on the 7th of this month.
“We will hold a meeting to decide because now we have other groups to come and support us,” said Teibor.
Conrad said 70 percent of the state's income depends on agriculture and therefore it is necessary to strengthen this line in order to create job opportunities.
The meeting expressed concern that Bengali students do not want to take Bengali as one of the subjects.
“Dr. Jemino's suggestion is not his own, but in consultation with the UDP leadership, when he heard the complaints of the people, especially the threat of NEEPCO, with the intention of resolving the issue. “When will we get MLAs/MDCs who have a strong mind? Only 36 constituencies cannot unite as one,” said BM Lanong, Chief Adviser UDP.
The race was launched by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garo LSN Dykes IAS, which started from the ground floor of the DC's office to Mawïawban and ended at the DC office.
Nongpoh, Nailur 12: Police of Jorabat Police Outpost this morning seized a truck (AS 01 KC 6517) carrying illegal drugs which was intended to be smuggled to Arunachal Pradesh.
Speaking on the occasion, Ohiwot Laloo, District Secretary MBS&G, West Jaintia Hills, said that this year's program is different because they don't have the opportunity to hold programs like in the past. He also hopes that the initiative will set a good example for other villagers to participate actively in their own homes to celebrate World Environment Day by planting any kind of plants. according to the ways which they can do in their own little strength.
Argentina were stronger than Saudi Arabia and had more chances to score.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia Hills (FKJGP) and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya. , on the outcome of the peace talks between the two district authorities, the West Jaintia Hills District and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) following the clashes between the two ethnic groups, the Pnar and Karbi.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Minister of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Bah AL Hek, today said in the House that the government has not provided any assistance to the cattle farmers affected by the disease. and lumpy skin disease.
They don't understand what happened and why this law was issued. This story happened thousands of years ago and what happened in these thousands of years has nothing to do with what we see and experience today in this neo-liberal era.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Ms C Guenauer, a German lecturer and research scholar from Germany, has said that in Germany, one person has two votes, one to vote for a candidate. and another vote to vote for the party of his choice.
He said that in the last five years that the UDP has worked with the NPP, he has seen that the NPP is a party that thinks only to supply itself so that it can supply to other states. The party wants to expand and work in other states, unlike the UDP which wants to work only in its own state for the people of the state.
Besides, the hospitals are not working at all and the patients have suffered from severe heat. Besides, South Garo Hills has been experiencing severe heat as it is close to the Bangladesh border.
“This is what surprises me because even my mother who told me doesn't remember how those who haven't heard it will remember and that's why this book will be published,” said Babu Jiten.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Garo Hills will face a crisis when banks and petrol pumps have been closed to protest against kidnapping, murder and robbery. currency.
Whoever wants to vote for anyone, we will leave it to the discretion of the voters.
In Nagaland, there are more than 13 voters (6,47,523 males and 6,49,876 females).
On the other hand, Mukul Sangma said that the Meghalaya government under the leadership of the Congress has written to the central government for the resolution of the border with Assam but the Assam government has not responded. you sym the approved.
The three states most affected are Maharashtra (560,126), Tamil Nadu (314,520), Andhra Pradesh (264,000), Karnataka (196,494) and Delhi (1,49,460).
There is also this market, which is held twice or once a month and this market is also very popular, not only from our area, but from all over the country which is known in our state”.
Shillong, November 1: The BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya, Alphons Kannanthanam, on Tuesday said that the BJP in Meghalaya will come to power after the elections like in Manipur.
Before taking part in the meeting, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, led the prayer with thousands of people who waited from 1 pm until the end of the meeting. at 6 o'clock in the evening.
There are currently 25.52 lakh cases in the country, 1.38 crore recoveries and 1.89 lakh deaths.
When asked what the District Council needs most, Grace said the Land Bill is one of the most important issues to protect the land of the people.
“He said that the area, which is under the jurisdiction of the Revenue Department, has become a place of crime such as drug abuse, alcoholism and other crimes in the society. .
The Government will announce the time and date of the meeting.
Jowai, July 07: The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers & Labor Union, Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block on Tuesday honored Khroo L Pariat, Chairman of the Block. The leading employees of various government departments in Ri-Lum Jaintia.
This is the same with God.
Also present on the occasion were Tbn.R Makdoh, Samla Isynei Hinge, TbnRB Shadap, Tbn.SS Lapang, leaders of the CE Society Presbyterian Church Umdihar and their parents.
These allegations are false and baseless.
The Ramakrishna Mission has donated 25 kilos of rice and dai to each household and 4 kilos of rice to each household affected by the lockdown to fight against COVID-1
He served as Parish Priest from 1997 to
From West Jaintia Hills, there are 123 cases excluding other districts.
Bernie, who is the owner of Formula 1, says he wants to have another child soon and doesn't want to use Viagra, but wants to eat only vitamin D. London newspaper The Sun and denied that he was too old to take care of children, but said that this time, when he had a fourth child, from his wife, Fabiano. Flosi, 44, will be a father, much more experienced.
SNSBH leader RL Blah said that if the party meets again with the Governor RN Ravi, the party will urge the Governor to revive the VAB and implement the Bills. The Governor, especially the Bills on the laws to strengthen the protection of the land of the state.
The Speaker of the House has visited many places to build the House but finally it was decided to go to Mawdiangdiang to avoid the congestion.
In the women's category, the first prize is T.30,000 and the second prize is T.15,0
At the same time, he congratulated the Chief Minister for taking care of this benefit of the farmers.
“In 2017-18, the Registration Certificate (RC) fee is T.1800 per annum, in 2018-19 it will be T.1950 per annum. The tax on RC vehicles has been increased from T.1990 to T.1990 and by 2021 it will reach T.2,0 “Umphniang almost every day increases the fare of vehicles and how can we survive,” asked the owners of the vehicles.
“Regarding the Harijan Colony which falls under the North Shillong Constituency.
Therefore, the Sengbhalang strongly opposes the proposal to hand over to private companies, as this will also open the door to the influx of foreigners, said a statement from Bah Lambokstar. Nongpoh: At 6 pm this evening, the police of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, have arrested a suspected robber. A Tourist Taxi number ML-05-S-6275 was seized and when they searched the vehicle, they found a large quantity of Heroin. T.52 lakh approx.
Explaining about his meeting with three Block Level Officers recently, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that his satisfaction increases when he sees the hope of those working in the field.
He denied that it was the power of the BJP to destroy the BJP but said it was their idea that if they were in the Congress, they would not come to power.
“Therefore, with concern, we have called upon the MUDA officers to resolve the problems in the parking lot within six months so that there will be lighting so that the entrants and exiters can escape. you have been robbed.
Therefore, many shops and offices in Kisumu have been closed due to the riots and disturbances in the city.
“It is a fact that the North East is the leader in the production of fertilizer-based products.
Jowai, Naiwieng 15: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday at Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
Continuing to lead 37/3 with 81 runs in the first innings, Mizoram lost all wickets to score 216 runs in the second innings. they have taken the lead in the field of earnings.
Besides the many IAS, MCS and consultants, do we still need those advisors? dozens have been paid with public money that should have gone to development projects.
At the same time, the Association wishes u Rapmiki Sutnga and his family good health, knowledge and skills in their jobs.
Replying to a question on the allegations that he distributes money and blankets in the constituency, Bah Lamare said, “The allegations will come whether you distribute or not, those who oppose will criticize and those who support will praise. , is the will of the people.
The inspection was led by Field Director Aduk Paron and Gandhigram Range Forest Officer – Son Yowa Hade.
Devrambhai Bhisikar, was admitted to the Civil Hospital on 28th June 2020 and died on 29th June.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, HNYM President Louis Dohtdong said that on 18th July 2023, the KHADC, through the Executive Members, will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. They have sent a letter to the Elaka, Bah Jambor War, regarding their discussions with the Hima Mylliem, regarding the demands of the party to set up a Circle. Rangbah Shnong or area Rangbah Shnong in the 58 villages inhabited by the Garo people under the jurisdiction of the Raid Marwet, under the jurisdiction and administration of the Hima Mylliem.
On this occasion, the UDP candidate from Mairang Constituency who is also the President of the party in the state, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh welcomed the leaders of other parties including the former candidate. Former Congress candidate Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh, former Congress Working President Lambok Nongrang and others.
“The DGP also said that police have recovered a rifle and several bullets.
According to the project, which was launched on a daily basis, it will be able to supply up to 1 lakh liters of water per day to the residents of Lawsohtun.
They think that going through these brokers is the best way and we have seen many brokers take advantage of their slowness by trying to cheat,” said Bah Ajit.
The news of the death of 'Ñi Lam' is not clear because his phone number has been written in the group with the following words 'This is a sad news we as a family have lost I pa I bah Lambok Mountain'
Most of the constituencies in JHADC are single constituencies.
Prestone said this when asked about the change in the political system in KHADC where the NPP MDCs have joined hands with the Congress to form the Executive Committee, while the UDP has been withdrawn.
Since the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, is finalizing this, the Ministry of Defense has recommended the immediate suspension of the FMR.".
She also highlighted the support through government schemes for patients undergoing treatment.
They also decided to inform the Union Minister in charge of Transport, Nitin Gadkari.
“It’s a tough matchup for us, but I believe it provides a learning experience for us.
As the purpose of the party is to serve the country and the nation in the eradication of poverty, society, economic development and the environment, he promised to give his support. to the organization in the future.
He appealed to the residents of Mawkyrwat and South West Khasi Hills District that if there are incidents of theft, robbery or extortion of money and those who violate human rights, they should not but they should come forward to report or report to the law enforcement authorities so that crime can be curbed.
On the other hand, he said that the UDP Umsning Circle will continue to announce that the party will soon hold the General Council to elect its office bearers in April 2022 and even so, as many have planned. Umsning Constituency Political Forum (UCPF) will invite all the leaders of the Umsning Constituency Political Forum (UCPF) to join the UDP on the 15th of this month. They will send the decision to the District and the State to consider whether it is a ticket application or a desire to join the UDP to strengthen the party in this election. 2023.
The number of cases of coronavirus in Delhi has risen to 60,000 so far and in the past three days, the number of cases has risen to 9,0 On Saturday, there were 3,630 cases reported in the day.
Meanwhile, the People's Democratic Front (PDF) in South West Khasi Hills District in a statement, congratulates the students of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Kyntiewborlang Nongsiej. Districts who are preparing to write various examinations so that their preparation throughout the year will not be in vain but that they will be able to complete all the parts that they will write in their papers.
To accuse only the shops of taking advantage is impossible.
The current one is longer and better than the previous one.
In this regard, the MLAs of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) have gone to the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha carrying the prices of piat on their heads and wearing scarves. They were charged with a piat in order to demand the price of a piat.
During the raid, the authorities also arrested four robbers who are all residents of Cachar district, Assam.
On the one hand, he sent a message saying that the movement of vehicles is allowed.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the State Government should take action against the findings of the Inquiry Commission investigating the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. , former Leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Speaking to media, Joseph Pyngrope, spokesperson of MEMRIWU, said that the government should take over the operation of the 108 in the state. If you don't have a Society, you don't have to.
Om Prakash, Deputy Manager of TRIFED, Ekbal Husaiñ, Senior Program Executive of TRIFED, were also present on the occasion. Marlamkupar Kharmudai, District Project Manager of MBDU and others.
Conrad Sangma said that the BSF is not allowed to smuggle cattle to Bangladesh at the border.
They contribute significantly to the food and income of the nation.
At the same time, Hans Kung found that there are religious teachings or traditional teachings of different religions that are related to each other.
Meanwhile, the two matches between Moodop Royal and Mulang Ialong and Da I Hi Mynsngat against Iooksi Youth Welfare were decided by tie breaker.
Besides, the committee has selected three other players, Lee Yong Lepcha (Sikkim CA), Na Bam Abo (Aruna Chal Pradesh CA) and Dika Ralte (Mizoram CA).
However, if there is a violation of the law, the state government will stand by,” said Rowell.
After this victory, LSG will have to prepare well for their match against Gujarat Titans tomorrow (22nd).
I paan I doon ïynbar ïynbar, I go to fulfill the kñia I khriam.
George denied rumors that there was an agreement that the party candidates would remain in the party only until the end of the elections and that they would join the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) after the elections.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued this morning said that after receiving the reports of all the high risk contacts, The containment order has been lifted for the bank and it will reopen from 10th June, 2021 from 9 pm.
In this state too, there have been poets who are still making progress in their career in the field of poetry and these poets are women and women under the banner of the All India Peotess Conference, which has been held in Prof.Dr.Lari Azad is a writer and poet who has written many poems which have been translated into various languages ​​of the world.
In Babylon the Jews were slaves and could not claim citizenship, they did not have the same status as the natives and did not enjoy the same rights as the natives.
BM Lanong said the Sub Committee will send a decision to the party to withdraw from the PDF led by Pynshngaiñ N Syiem after considering the report of the House Committee.
