“I started shooting at 11pm and I had to finish at 7.30pm,” he said. When he reached the restaurant, when others started eating, but he was not allowed to rest, and was sent to shondur without ceasing.
Take the NH6 to Umsning.
In total, 106 towers of various companies have been cut off and the unpaid electricity bill is T.412.06 lakh.
Angelina Hynniewta, General Secretary MeECL Progressive Workers' Union in a statement said that the employees on emergency duty to provide electricity or shift duty in power houses, control rooms and sub stations will go to work there. day so as not to affect the supply of electricity for the needs of the public.
Bless my homeland forever, says the song in the English movie “The Sound of Music”.
After the Knia Ryngkaw, thousands of Niam-Tre believers who are still under the Sein Raij Tuber have gathered in East and West Jaintia Hills to collect Bhang Blai from one of the villages. the forest that is in Chrysanthemum.
“The government has decided not to pay even the Dearness Allowance of the government employees. “It's a lot of pressure that the government has to give,” he said.
He said that the patrolling of the NH-6 is from Jorobat to Umïam where the police are conducting patrols to protect the people who come and go with this road patrolling. The incident also occurred on the Shillong By-pass on the border of Ri Bhoi.
The JAC has launched a protest since the 13th of this month to protest against the silence of the VC of NEHU to dismiss Rohit Prasad and many others. claims.
The Education Secretary has also directed the relevant authorities to ensure that all these children should be registered by 30th July and to order teachers, school management teams, and the Children's Parliament to provide support for them.
The DC also congratulated Bah Kyrmen Shylla for his readiness to cooperate and support when there is any problem that the Deputy Commissioner cannot do anything. They are reluctant to provide assistance for the benefit of the people in the district.
It is said that the bitor has stirred up his bones and this has caused the man to feel the pain and disease inside his body.
This rejection of the Shella MDC for the ILP has shamed the entire area and not only has betrayed the people of Shella Constituency but has betrayed the land of Hynniewtrep as a whole.
With the internet it shows that we are in an era of true peace in all aspects compared to the past.
Referring to tomorrow, he said that the party is still thinking tonight how to do but the strike will continue as announced for three days, no matter where it will be.
Job said, “Man, born of woman, is short-lived” (Job 14:1).
On the other hand, the owner of the resort said that the purpose of setting up the resort is because he sees that the area is lagging behind.
He said that while RIMS in Imphal has made progress, the Pastuer Institute is still lagging behind despite being very old.
The Jirang MLA also urged the people not to be too afraid of the rumors through social media, but to follow the instructions from the Meghalaya government authorities. also that at such times there are many robbers, who have tried to spread false news and who have confused the people.
So we know that you went to Mumbai to try to sing in Hindi films.
It has been a subject in Matric or class X, as an elective subject in classes XI and XII since the time of Assam and even in Meghalaya.
This poses a serious threat.
The total number of cases in the state has now reached 1,535, making it the second highest number of cases in the North East.
The Rangbah Shnong said that two persons were injured in the incident.
There is no word that cannot be spoken.
There have been many people who fought for the independence of the country and we know their names well who are from our own country India.
In the past few months, the fame of Annada Gohain has spread to the four corners of the world, and we here in Meghalaya, have forgotten to remember her.
However, as a teacher before entering politics, I would like to advise the students that we should not be afraid to take any entrance examination, we should try to experience and understand, but for the sake of I, of course, in order to get admission to the Central Universities, the CUET examination will have to be completed in the coming years,” he said.
Jyllep, Nailar, 02: Supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) of the Jyllep Unit after appearing in the media have expressed their sorrow and shock over the invitation of a meeting by Bah H.M.Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram Constituency, who has joined another party, has denied that those who attended the meeting came to join and support him for the 2023 election, but it did not happen. thus.
“We don’t just build state-of-the-art facilities in healthcare services.
Although the time has not yet come, as the leaders have said, the candidate will be your current MLA,” said Bah Macmillan Byrsat.
Teiborlang Marshillong, a young boy from Jakhong village, near Mairang, West Khasi Hills District, has been arrested.
Those who have more than 2 children, will lose all the benefits from the government including ration, umphniang sharak, old age pension scheme, death penalty scheme, 100 days work scheme Build houses for the poor in the block, especially not even allowed to enroll children who have more than 2 children.
Umdihar: The Umdihar Integrated Village Cooperative Society (IVDC) has launched a campaign to promote the sohtrun in the state, especially in Bhoi.
There was also a gift of clothes and clothes, and the last honor was given by the Pyrsa of the former Lyngdoh, Kong Jol Lyngdoh.
By doing so, it will completely end the schemes of those who spend money to buy the people in order to get corruption again after they have won.
At the same time, he criticized the Congress for the poor health facilities in the state by comparing between Meghalaya and Kerala where the infant death toll is 30 in Meghalaya and 12 in Kerala. The maternal mortality rate is 238 in Meghalaya and 40 in Kerala per 1 lakh.
Shillong, Lber, 15: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma on Tuesday requested the MLAs to allocate funds from their allocation for the construction of schools. They are in their constituencies.
Mairang: On the occasion of the 182nd death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, which was held in Mairang in 2017, former Government Minister Ronnie V Lyngdoh has promised to erect a statue of Tirot Sing Syiem. Tirot Singh in Mairang, so that the people of the state as well as foreigners will know that this state has produced a hero and a brave fighter.
In the second semi final of the Shillong Premier League, Khliehmawlieh beat Mawlai SC 3-1 to win the title. -2 through aggregate at the SSA Stadium.
The EM Elaka said that if the investigation finds that the allegations are not true, he will be reinstated as Sordar and if these allegations can be proved, he will be punished.
The Bishop expressed his great pleasure to receive on the same day a new church and school in the same village.
Therefore, the KSU has decided to temporarily suspend the lockdown and if the bank does not comply with its promise, the KSU will take stronger action within six months.
The Parish of Sohra was named after St. Don Bosco.
The DC also took responsibility to provide a crematorium in line with the modern cremation scheme.
On the other hand, the principals under the umbrella of the Meghalaya College Principals Council (MPCC) have suggested that the government should postpone the implementation of the NEP for the 2024-25 academic year.
70% of the tickets have been sold out but for those who haven't received their tickets yet you can buy them soon from www.rockskitkets.com. This is also the first time to hold an Indoor Concert when famous singers come to Meghalaya.
“This has created fear among the residents and if a tragic incident occurs who will take responsibility,” he said.
Earlier, the Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the District Society, Bah CD Diengdoh said that the objective of the National Health Mission is to promote health.
The prayer is for those who have suffered the loss of their possessions and loved ones that God will support and help them in this time of sorrow.
These educational materials will benefit 35,000 primary school children.
It was also decided to erect male and female tombstones of the Dhar, Dkhar, Lamare, Miaria, Pale, Symblai, Sari, Durga, Kynbiar, Niangso, Chitrai, Sumer, Maskut, Phyllut, Phalangki, Nongjied, Muthlong and others. Rakaid, Raliang, Rymbai, Suwer, Lakhi, Lakhar, Lakhar, Ktung, Nongbah, Nongtdeh, Lakhi, Lakhar, Iadong, Tha, Ket, Wahskai, Bhoi, Phawa, Law and Sunshine.
The power of kerala jhur contains nutrients that strengthen the cells in the human body and has also been proven to contain medicinal properties that lower blood glucose.
The deceased are three from East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Jaintia Hills districts.
We have seen that we have reached 1000 (more or less) cases every day this month and the death toll so far this month has reached 457 cases as of the 23rd of this month.
After 1000 years it is impossible to say what God will do or what his purpose is.
According to Grace, it is understood that although Bah Don Massar will contest from another constituency, he will also spend time with her in Pynursla constituency especially in those areas and villages where he is strong. in 2008 and
It was the sin of pride that cast Lucifer from the Third Heaven to the Second Heaven.
After the decision, some of the leaders and the people, who met with the Asstt Engineer of MeECL, where they handed over the decision of the meeting, and they also handed over a copy to the management. At the meeting, there were also slogans carried by the public and these included “FEDCO leit peu suk” and others slogan “MeECL, work hard, nangne ​​chess”.
Pynshngaiñ said that the State Government should blacklist Badri Rai & Company and suspend all the activities of the company in the State.
This comes despite the visit of US National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan, who is on his way to hold talks with Israeli officials to address the threats posed by Israel's continuous invasion. Israeli Gaza.
The JSU demands that the MDA government should immediately arrest and punish these robbers and bloodthirsty people who want to destroy us the indigenous people.
Coming One Ymbon MLA Raliang, Waheh Shnong Tuesday Lytep and other elders of the village were present at the ceremony.
Without discipline, no small or large task can go smoothly.
He also urged the women not to be happy when they are called BPL or poor in the society, but to have a strong attitude. to avoid being called BPL, because if they are happy with BPL, you will be poor for life.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee will hold another meeting in the coming days before holding talks with the government in the second month of July.
The four-day Ling Cup Festival was held at Umiam Sports Complex in Ri Bhoi District. Bah Paul Lyngdoh was the chief guest and witnessed the opening ceremony. Meghalaya DGP, LR Bishnoi, officials from the Tourism Department, tourists and Kim Woo-jin, one of the famous South Korean singers.
The Dorbar Shnong has also decided that only 4 (Four) vehicles including that of the Candidate will be allowed to enter the Shnong on the day of the public meeting, except on the day of the Public Meeting. rally.
Mawkyrwat, November 21 : Mawlangwir Sports Club today, November 17, 2022, opened the Mawlangwir Football Community Shield (MFCS), 2022 – '23, at Madan Saitsnad, Mawlangwir, South West. It was inaugurated by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of Water Resources, Government of Meghalaya and MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency.
Djokovic finished the match with a good serve to score the first goal of the match and after the victory, Novak will have to prepare for the next goal. Hungary's Marton Fucsovics will meet again in the third round.
On the other hand, KSU Mawryngkneng Circle under the leadership of President and Secretary Really S Nongspung and Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew on the 29th of this month extended a helping hand to the family of the victim. Donation of food and money from the organization.
Angelbeth's father said that the assault by some people had affected her femininity in front of the public and they had also tried to kill her.
As one race, one religion, one political party, even if they are still living in the border areas, as they have decided to join Meghalaya; and the State Government shall not reject or reject or leave them alone.
Jesus' death on the cross therefore was to atone for the sins of the world.
“Now we can drive in 3rd and 4th gear, before it took hours to get out of the block on Rymbai Road,” he said.
Adding to the incident, the husband of Balari, Bantiplang Thabah, said that on the night of the 2nd, her husband was taken to give birth, but when he arrived at the scene, They were driven away by the workers because they didn't have anything to eat.
Speaking on this occasion, Bah Khlur said that it is unfortunate and impossible that the factory has not been operating for more than a year and the salaries of the employees have not been paid.
The Rangbah Shnong and I, together with some of the elders, went to see the Dkhar at his house.
Dept as the chief officer of the education department who has taken responsibility for the completion of this long standing project.
However, most of the time no one follows up on the implementation of any construction projects on the part of the government. What equipment and how to use it in the construction projects is often left to the discretion of the contractors. Sometimes the contractors become engineers. When it was finished, it began to stir, the jaw began to stir, and so on.
When I was young in 1966-67 and working abroad, I came on vacation and at the Assam State Transport Bus Station, Guwahati I stood alone waiting for the bus to get to Shillong. A man whom I didn't know came to me and asked me if I was a Khasi.
On the occasion of the 25th Anniversary CEC, Roland W. Wahlang, President R Wahlang, HB Wahlang Adviser, Willey Wahlang Secretary and other office bearers of the CEC. , different circles and units.
Israeli warplanes have bombed a Hamas submarine in Gaza.
Shillong, June 12: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today concluded its 20th Anniversary at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
The levels of secreted proteins (cytokines) during inflammation or at are also measured pre- and post-experimentally and complement those questions related to their survival status in relation to disease sandwiches.
Firstborn Pohlong (OG) scored for Bataw FC in the 16th minute and Hiwot Patwet in the 67th minute. 83.
Both the parties, the Meghalaya government and CIL, have accepted the proposal to transport the coal, according to the recommendation of the Katakey committee.
Ajit Makri, President of HANM, Byrnihat, said that the reason why the HANM has put forward this demand for the implementation of Solid Waste Management, is after they saw the excessive garbage in the area. One place is located near the NH-6 in Byrnihat.
Furthermore, it was also seen that the Assam Police in charge of the Traffic Department have taken action to ensure the smooth running of public vehicles in the traffic, but due to the large number of public vehicles flowing into the area. The Kali flood has affected many other people who have come to Assam.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 13: The dissatisfaction of the border residents with the social settlement agreement signed between Meghalaya and Assam should not be a stumbling block for the second phase of settlement of seven other areas. The remaining village elders said that the villages in the areas where the rehabilitation has not yet started such as the Langpih sector.
Therefore, the education of children is insufficient and uncertain.
He said that Mukul Sangma's wasting of his precious time to accuse the government one after another is because he did not understand that he would lose the election.
“Now we will start implementing the new Labor License by banning the issuance of Labor License to those people especially foreigners,” said Bah Ban. they can get the labor License.
Earlier, RP Kharshiing, Finance Secretary KAS, said that the Khasi Authors' Society was founded on 11th November, 1979 by nine prominent writers of the Khasi Writers' Society.
“We have also implemented the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) which has cost about T.15 crore this year alone,” he said. , said the Prime Minister.
In collaboration with the Indian Navy and the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), 3,300 kilograms of heroin were seized from a ship near Porbandar, Gujarat, one of the largest seizures. .
The agreement was signed in the presence of Sampath Kumar, Development Commissioner & Principal Secretary, Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner & Secretary, Information Technology, & Communication (IT&C) and Deepika Venkatesh, Program Manager- Green Skills & Sustainability, 1M1B at a meeting held at the Additional Secretariat, Shillong.
We are sorry for our sins and we rejoice because by the death of Jesus our debt has been paid that we can no longer pay ourselves.
The BCCI and the National Junior Selection Committee have selected a player from the MCA to take part in the U-19 boys camp. ' will be held in Dehradun next month.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government is continuing to take measures to track down and arrest other robbers involved in attacks against the citizens of the state.
Ma S.Quotient Sumer, 89, passed away on 30th November at her residence in Panaliar, Jowai.
Speeches were delivered by Delina Khongdup, Member of the National Commission for Women from Meghalaya, Keshab Mahanta, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam. Assam Health Department, State Leaders, Social Welfare Department, Health Department of the six North Eastern States of India.
" The psalmist says that the time will come when these 41,000 churches will be united again into one church.
The order prohibits everyone in the district from carrying more than 50,000 tyngka to prevent any vote buying or extortion by parties and candidates.
There is also a beautiful valley farther away from this two-story bridge.
“At present, there are some elderly people who want to come out to contest the upcoming elections from Mawphlang constituency,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the East Jaintia National Council, Bah Nangjan Dkhar said, “We have come here not to oppose the visit of the Prime Minister. The Save Hynniewtrep Mission has already expressed its demands, but our visit here is to remind the government of the demands that the Save Hynniewtrep Mission has already expressed. “We demand from the MDA government that the MDA government should implement these demands,” said the EJNC leader. Sangma is the one who has the responsibility to fulfill the demands we force to fulfill the demands that the Save Hynniewtrep Mission has put before the government.
“Because the drivers are from other states like Bihar, Assam and other states but the District Council does not exercise its authority in this industry as it does in other types of industry. I will tell you that no one has this Labor License,” he said.
If the government continues to delay, the time will come when AMSSASTA will show its work to listen to the government to get its rights.
Therefore, MeECL has given 45 days to these mobile companies regarding the request for electricity through a letter asking them why they should not be cut off electricity when they have not paid their electricity bill.
Shillong: U Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, on Tuesday said that the new CAB will not apply to the States which do not have Innerline Permit and Sixth Schedule areas.
Even today, we don't have any Medical and Engineering colleges or other colleges of various lines in the state.
Even Sying didn't come from the village because he hadn't been able to buy for many years.
MPMC President Ebel M. War said the party strongly condemns the BJP minister's remarks against women.
Just to remind Rahul Gandhi that power is the policy of the Congress and the successor leaders as well. The BJP believes that the work and relationship between the central and the state is the same. It has also brought about a change in the way of working in the North East as a whole.
It helps to grow the bacteria in our stomach and helps to prevent digestion.
Furthermore, when God sent Esau to be sacrificed, God commanded Abraham (Father) and not Sarah (Woman).
“This problem of the Council employees has started since 2019 and will continue until 2023,” said Pohrmen.
Langsning forward Nelson Rymbai scored a hat-trick in the 57th, 79th and 90+2nd minutes, both from penalties, while Kitboklang Pale scored in the second half. Overkindness Lyngdoh Mawnai in the 60th minute and Sheen Sohktung in the 69th minute.
Shillong, Lber 30: Two youths identified as Banphiralang Thongni and Synsharlang Thongni from Kynsohsan village, South West Khasi Hills District on Thursday morning. The bird was handed over to the Wildlife Department.
Since the MLA, MDC and MP elections, we have seen the strong performance of money.
There was also a last greeting to Bah PT Passah BDO Mylliem who has served the Mylliem Block for 9 years.
He said Meghalaya has a clear policy on employment in which 40% has been allocated to Khasi/Jaintia, 40% to Garo, 15% to other Tribes and 5% in total.
“After counting the 10% to be paid to Coal India Limited and the tax to the State Government, the coal owners will receive only about T.1400 per tonne,” the report said.
T.136 crore has been allocated for the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) while T.14 crore has been allocated for the Special Urban Works Program (SUWP).
Nongpoh, Nailur 23: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya requesting the government to suspend the construction of casinos in Ri-Bhoi District. as the people have come out to protest and it is also one of the most important issues in the state.
Kheda was rescued at 6.30 pm and taken to Waikong Police Station in Thoubal district.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the death toll from Covid-19 in the state has risen to One person died on 23rd November 2020 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital and one died at Civil Hospital, Shillong on 27th July
One day, the wife of Dken, who had compassion on her faithful servant, called him into her room and said to him, “Do you know that your master can change you?” your fate? (Because he is a Dken) then why don't you ask him to change your fate so that you will be better off?
Rev Alexander Burg Lish of the Serampore Baptist Mission established three schools in Mawsmai, Mawmluh and Sohra in 1932, but they were closed in
In the freestyle wrestling category in the 48kg category, Scolastica Rymbai from East Khasi Hills won the gold medal while Ibakordor Jyrwa from East Khasi Hills won the silver medal.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the PWD Association, Barristar Roy Thabah, said that more than 100 employees have been suddenly dismissed. in November, 2015 and since then they have not received their salary for more than a year.
" Riia agreed.
“There is nothing wrong with that.
On the other hand, the state government has requested the government employees to use these buses, but so far, no one has responded to this request.
Of these, 11 have died and 2,698 have recovered, according to GP Singh, ADGP (Law & Order) of Assam.
The meeting was also attended by Best Starwell Kharbani, Vice President of Nongstoin, Alfred Kharbani, Vice President of Nongstoin, Alfred Kharbani, Vice President of Shillong and other leading office bearers of the Kurbah from Sawsymper, Umyiap, Mawshynrut. Shillong and from different places.
It was after the Magistrates who went to talk to the Director, that the Director came out and apologized to the members of the HYC and promised to hold another meeting on the date approved by the HYC. member of the organization.
She added that only the BJP has given 33% of the seat to women and under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, it is the only party that has taken responsibility for implementing the the Women's Reservation Bill and has done so.
Tisilian Majaw, one of the clothes vendors, said that the clothes vendors have lodged a complaint with the Hima Mylliem and have sent a letter to the Hima Mylliem. There were 47 signatures by the market dwellers on the same day and in the letter they expressed their opposition to the construction of shops on the road. man by pointing out many problems.
Eleven cases from the UK have been confirmed in Delhi, five cases from Amritsar, two from Kolkata and one from Chennai.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday protested against the postponement of the Chief General Manager (CGM) of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) at the State Convention Centre. .
The meeting was conducted by Rtn.
Bah Isaac W Basaiawmoit said that in the game there will be victory and defeat, but even if they lose, they will continue to work hard so that one day they will reach the goal.
The union expects the government to do what it should do without delay to provide peace to the people living on the border, said the letter signed by Bah Daniel. KSU President Khyriem and KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa.
In the first half, 7-Wasa United scored the first goal in the second half of the second half. In the 32nd minute, the first half ended 1-0
“If the government intends to force the dumping of garbage in this area and any incident occurs, the government should take responsibility,” said Rymbai.
Wasalan E Dhar, Secretary of the Khasi Author Society, Jowai Unit, urged the public to buy books so that the writers can be encouraged.
“This training of the UGC is shocking and unacceptable, especially to conduct an examination,” said Mulareedharan.
He said the High Court has directed those who live in the Iewmawlong area to comply with the order of the HLC to take part in the census conducted by the Municipal Board.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACCV) today said that if the Government does not forgive 50% of the vehicle tax in the months of these vehicles, the drivers will be forced to pay 50% of the tax. They have not been able to go out on the streets to earn money due to the outbreak of Covid 19. They have not been able to appeal to the higher authorities and even to the court to get what they demand. which is their right.
The awards were distributed by former football player Bah Ailad K.Kynta in the presence of DSO Bah O.Mawthoh, Coach Bah Lekini Suting, Principals and teachers of the schools.
Tourists should maintain the discipline without being selfish.
Mawlai are currently top of the table with 19 points from seven games and have not scored a single goal in 630 minutes.
Dr. SA Lyngdoh, DMHO West Khasi Hills, while talking to reporters, said that the transportation of the equipment was ordered by the relevant authorities.
Shillong: Bah Gambris Wahlang from New Jirang village, Shillong, on the night of 10th November at 10 pm, when he went to get medicine for his son, he was surprised to find that the hospital does not have a doctor or nurse. you can't jar jar.
There are more than 460 employees of MCCL so far and out of these, more than 100 have decided to take the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS).
“During that period, there should always be a Dorbar Hima, I believe they will do so,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Shillong, July 1: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District will screen the documentary film 'Iam Briew ha Jaduguda' on the 11th of this month at 6 pm.
The Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat, has announced that according to the order of the Hon'ble High Court, Meghalaya and letters issued by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat, No.EJHD/JUDL.55/PT.III/2022/17, Dated 12.05.2022,No.EJHD/ JUDL.55/ PT.III/ 2022/ 65, Dated 17.06.2022 and No.EJHD/JUDL.55/ PT.III/2022/160, Dated 29.07.2022, once again reminded and urged the Coal Owners whose names appear in the Coal Inventory List and in the Report on Assessment of Extracted Coal Stocks. Submit the Forms and Required Documents to the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat on or before 16th September, 2022 along with the required documents as mentioned below. to auction coal.
In Khasi Hills, the polling stations are in Shillong, Sohra, Nongpoh, Mairang, Mawkyrwat and Nongstoin.
“The State Government is trying to provide quality education in all aspects despite various challenges.
Rajasthan continues to be the hottest state, with Churu, one of the state's capitals, reaching 50.8 degrees Celsius.
Jowai, July 16: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) today held a rally at the DC Office, Jowai to continue their protest against the government. on the decision of the government to dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Arunkumar Kembhavi.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 02: In Nongtrai area under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, it was found that although the roads have reached almost all the villages and areas, but with the passing of the years they have deteriorated to the point where they are not able to improve the quality of roads. longer to drive.
Some say that religion should not be mixed with politics.
According to a letter from the Special Branch of the Assam Police, it is learned that they have tried to get detailed information regarding those churches in the state which have been in existence for a few years. to investigate how many people have converted to Christianity in the last seven years, and to investigate thoroughly those involved in the conversion of these people on 22nd November this year.
As a member of the BJP National Executive, he served as the party's chief executive officer in Jammu & Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana.
“This proposal to appoint administrators is a threat to the people who want an acting sordar after the term of the full sordar has expired and we will express our opposition to the action of the KHADC by sending write to you.
In fact, tender has been awarded to eight contractors and according to the final work order they should complete within 12 months ie by July
Jowai, June 27: The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AJMDMWU) led by its President Jerry A Suting was accompanied by Jena Nengnong. on 26/04/2023, on 26/04/2023, they met with Bah Rakkam A Marak, Minister in charge of Education, in the presence of MLA Rambrai.
I don't know if I'll pass the NEET??"
The Rangbah Shnong, praised the work of the organization and urged to work better.
There are also 14 laboratory staff, x ray staff and 193 hospital staff.
It was also announced that the residents should call the designated places, including the police, DC, SDO, Ambulances, Village Authorities and Leaders.
In this regard, the KJDSTA felt that a lower price should be charged for this small job.
Barla congratulated the staff of the hospital and praised them for serving the people for 100 years in the field of health in the North East since the time of The French still rule to this day.
“We don't need to wait for the approval of the central government, the ILP already exists, all that remains is to implement it,” said Bah Adilbert MDC Jaiaw.
The song was recorded by Komol Lyngkhoi and the drone was done by Editing YT. The video editing was done by Komol Lyngkhoi and finished by Bakyrmen Sun.
And he hath prepared the feast, when he shall come and call his own, and lead them to the marriage feast of the Lamb.
This woman has three children and they live in poverty.
Roning Nongkynrih, 34, a truck driver carrying cows, was shot dead by the Border Security Forces (BSF) on the road. Pynursla-Dawki near Mawshun village in Pynursla.
Shillong, November 28: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a public meeting on the 11th July at 11 am at Malki Square.
Many said that today's service may be the biggest Synod service since the inception of the KJP Synod Sepngi 22 years ago.
According to the Ministers who were present at the meeting held inside the Conference Hall of the MDC Hostel, the District Council has suspended the The working of the present EC since the opening of the market and so on has been written to each and every Minister of the Hima Mylliem.
This issue taken by the Seng is appropriate and has been supported by all the households because in every household there will always be young people who have completed their education but who have to sleep at home because of lack of employment.
At the end of the Synod service, the youth of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod were enriched by the presence of other pastors and church leaders, the faithful and especially the choirs from different choirs. Many of the devotees who came to witness the Youth Conference of the Ri Bhoi Synod at Kyrdem.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said, “Until now, we have not suspended the proposal to build a railway line in Khasi Jaintia Hills, and we are still considering this issue”.
"“Yesterday I asked the Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Ambrose Ch.
“They have only sent to update their passbook bank while the assistance has not reached as it should for the families affected by these incidents,” she said.
Shortly after, after being criticized by other MLAs and the Speaker of the House, Sudhakar apologized for his remarks.
She said that the Act allows foreigners to become Indian citizens only through religion.
While the KSU members were trying to arrest him, the foreigner fled in a car and entered the Institute of Hotel Management (IHM). state and remove him from this school and take him back to the same place where he spread the garbage.
Blue Bumbar FC has won the Knockout Football Tournament organized by the Ri Khasi Social and Cultural Sports Club.
The Syiem of Sohra Raid and all the members of the Executive Dorbar of the Raid Majai.
The All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union (ALWU) has demanded that it is time for the state government to recognize the union for their work and to There is a need for them to be included in the Minimum Wages Act so that they can survive and support their families.
Boxing 7 men, 1 woman.
Recently, the four candidates have expressed the same shock and surprise when they faced this defeat which they never thought of.
The work of installing computers in 62,000 PACSs has started, and the trial has now started in 10,080 PACSs and the computers have been fully installed in 1800 PACSs. PACS, functioning as CSCs provide more than 300 Government of India services facilities to the public.
A few days ago, KHNAM raided NEIGRHIMS twice in the morning and in the first time it found 6 night Super buses of foreigners and in the second time it found 6 night Super buses of foreigners. 3 buses and KHNAM leaders said that the arrival of buses to pick up passengers is every day.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The State Government has requested for an allocation of T.215 crore from the Central Government for the implementation of the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme (NSWSS).
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said, “Many farmers don't consider their work as one of their jobs.
He also demanded that there should be a team of experts in the field of medicines from all health institutions such as the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, headed by a director and supervised by a retired judge. See the effects and benefits of covid vaccine injection in India.
About 90% of the land in the State falls under the Sixth Schedule and the village is governed according to the traditional customs.
Dr War said that by taking all these measures and looking at the vaccination campaign, which is being conducted by the department, it will protect the people in the state and there will be a decrease in the number of cases in the state. if they strictly follow the protocols.
The YWCA, Shillong also distributed gifts to the children and teachers as a sign of a Merry Christmas.
He said that the meeting between the members of the Committee, the officers of the Fishery Department and others, has brought many benefits, especially for the smooth running of the Fish Market at Saiden. , because through this day, many issues were discussed and especially for the smooth running of the Dohkha Market, which will be of great benefit to the Dohkha Farmers and also to improve the Dohkha industry. not only in the district, but in the state as a whole.
However, at the same time, the NEC Secretary said that there has been a slight delay in the construction of roads and electricity because there are cases where they find it difficult to complete on time due to having many reasons.
Many such companies have now closed down due to debt.
With four goals, Donboklang is now the leading scorer in the OC Blue SPL. Before the match, Nangkiew Irat and Rangdajied had five points each and Nangkiew are leading the fourth position with 5 to 3 goals.
The MPS examination is conducted by the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) and the distance will be 10km for men and 5km for women.
He said the purpose of the festival is to raise funds for the improvement of Syntu Ksiar which is a beautiful recreation area in Jowai. The death toll has risen to 1580 in the state on Tuesday.
“Regarding the appearance of the dewlynnongs in the Umïam Dam, the question is, why does the Government allow the army to draw water from this dam every day when they know that if there is a shortage of water, there will be a flood. electricity for the people of the state,” said Bah Thomas.
These bapli spend time to prepare and train themselves until they are ready to stand on the stage.
He said that there are two power plants in Leshka and Umiam where the machines have broken down and three machines of the National Companies which supply electricity to the state have also broken down.
Amazon has developed a drone that guards your home when you are not at home and watches for thieves.
Let us write against the spirituality of selfishness.
Jowai, Nailur 19: The Jowai Students' Movement (JSM) (Western Region) together with the CEC leaders today supported the village leaders of Lapangap to meet face to face with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills at his office. in the presence of the Superintendent of Police of the District.
“Considering that the revenue collection is the lowest in the country so far with some states collecting up to 36% revenue from petrol and diesel and the state “It is the lowest of all the states and because the government has a lot of expenses, this makes it difficult for the government to take a decision to reduce VAT”.
She said that most of the parents in this age don't have time to play and teach their children and they have many jobs or other reasons.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The last increase in the price of beverages, which has affected the people of the country, has appeared in the House, when Bah George B.Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, brought up the issue through a short. Duration Discussion.
On the other hand, Andrew Shullai welcomed all the members of Khliehtyrshi who have joined the TMC as party workers who will become rishot in the upcoming MLA election. come.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, urging him to take immediate action against the violent attacks by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). Assam Police, who went to stop the construction of the ICDS building at Madan Umwang village in Block-2, Ri Bhoi.
The upgradation of the Shillong Airport and the allocation of a special allocation to the state are other issues that the BJP has conveyed to Shah to take up with the central government.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday inspected the building of Amit Singhania at Thana Road, Police Bazar, Shillong, which was completely destroyed by a fire yesterday. Saturday.
This incident has angered the supporters of the candidate and from there the clashes have intensified and continued to other areas where the security forces have increased their presence.
In the men's 400m, Sri Lankan Kalinga Kumarage won the gold medal in a time of 45.64 seconds, while domestic record holder Muhammed Anas Yahiya won the gold medal in a time of 45.64 seconds. He won the Silver medal in a time of 45.76s.
On the Supreme Court's decision, the EC has directed all political parties to submit their results within 75 days after the end of the MLA elections and 90 days for the Lok Sabha or MP candidates. Conrad Sangma said the party has handed over some parts but the candidates have not yet completed them.
Marak, they proposed to upgrade the Deficit System to all Adhoc Schools, but the Secretary to the Ministry of Education said that the Government will not be able to implement the demand because the State Government you are in the middle of the Pla Tyngka.
Croatia defeated Japan and qualified for the quarter-finals.
Maralborn said this while presenting a Zero Hour report in the House on the news that Bah BB Makdoh, Leader of the Union Rangbah Shnong Ri Bhoi, has lodged a complaint recently against a woman. Maralborn said that this incident on 19th June, 2024 was misleading in which Bah Makdoh was posted and shown in the wrong manner through this. YouTube channel.
The settlement of these Kuki people in these villages is due to the conflict between the Meitei and Kuki people in Manipur and which continues to this day, which has led to the Kuki people, to They came to Ri Bhoi District just to get temporary shelter, in order to get peace and stability.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that there are some people who have come from outside the state; When they register themselves, they give a false address and phone number and such people will be sent for search and punishment according to the law.
After the ceremony, a meeting was held to hand over the Soskular on the border by the office of the Syiem of Hima Khyrim. They should live in peace and harmony without any more trouble.
Therefore, the registration office cleans itself and if it does not do so, the resident will not be able to prove himself.
If you say that the CBI will be an independent investigation body it is difficult to accept because the CBI is under the control of the central government and we know that the BJP is in power in Delhi, in Assam and the BJP government. Meghalaya is also a BJP-appointed government, how can we trust the CBI investigation to be clean and independent,” he said.
Oil prices rose by 4% on Monday following the Hamas attack on Israel.
When the wedding was only six months old, Santa came to help.
In 2017, he was appointed as the coach of Langsning FC in the Second Division I-League. Lajong FC, the most prominent club in the state, has completed its AFC Pro license in
Thangsning beat Thymroit by six wickets and Badap Pura Nongkhlaw won the man of the match.
Shylla said that there are about 50,000 riewlum who have given their jait to their father and demanded that the Executive Committee should ensure that these people should correct their mistake and If they don't listen, they shouldn't be recognized as Khasi or ST. U Bah Shylla said that this is a special race which takes its ancestry from the mother and in the provisions of the above Act. It is clear that the Khasi cannot take the jait from the father.
Meanwhile, the MLA of the area, Bah Wailadmiki, said that the Thadlaskeiñ Dam has a history since Kulong Kumah and the government has now agreed to manage it in agreement with the Raid Mukhla.
The Minister said that the MP elections are not far away and they expect that the MP elections will be announced before the 10th or 15th of October which means that there are only 45 days left for the elections. will arrive.
As part of the public awareness campaign on forest fires, the office of the Range Forest Officer, Social Forestry & Territorial Range, Mairang has conducted a public awareness program on this issue at Markasa Secondary School, Mairang. Headquarters.
Bah Teibor is one of the candidates in the last MLA election, who came second in the contest.
The Minister said that he has already spoken to the NHIDCL and it has tried to find a route from another place to allow vehicles to pass.
“At the same time, he demanded that the name Langkyrdem-Laitkroh should be changed to Laitkroh-Langkyrdem as many villages in the rural area have been transferred to this newly divided constituency. Mr. Carmel was able to leave the house.
Looking at the ground floor of the phc, it is very difficult because not only the garbage dumps, to dump the garbage are no longer available and the outdoor areas are not enough.
At the same time, 14-year-old Mary (name changed) said that her family has been suffering after the death of her father.
An MRI machine worth Rs 5 crore is sitting idle.
Rimankhraw Kharumnuid also tried to score from the corner but RUFC goalkeeper Banshanskhem Kharsyntiew managed to save the ball.
He started his journey on the 28th of July which is also the National Sports Day.
He also participates in the marriage ceremony, and in the burden of suffering or suffering, or in the work of kindness to give advice and strength for the good.
In 1977, while I was studying at Lyngngam High School, Mawthgengkut, I received a hostel grant of Rs.400/-.
The General Secretary of the KSU Lapangap Unit also accused the CEM of saying that during the border dispute between Psiar and Mooluber, Thombor Shiwat had made it clear that not even 10 inches of land falls under his jurisdiction. He said that the CEM should explain to those villages who are involved in the armed robbery if they cannot explain. he is a fearful leader.
Members of Chi Ïung, Simi Kongthiang, filmmaker Irene Dkhar, Miss Meghalaya and Miss North East, Eugene Lyngdoh, prominent football player of the State and others also attended the event.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The MLAs on the side of Dr. Mukul Sangma have expressed their confidence that Dr. Mukul Sangma cannot be removed from the post of Prime Minister.
The petition was signed by a woman named Elizabeth Mathew Nongbri who claims to be the Founding Trustee and Chairperson of the NEST.
I have also submitted a letter to the Prime Minister on this,” said GAD Minister HDR Lyngdoh by phone from Bangalore.
Speaking on the occasion, DH Pde, Waheh Chnong of Chilliangraij said that the Dorbar Chnong has set restrictions to protect and preserve the waters, rivers, forests, birds and animals. The Dorbar Shnong shall take the necessary action against the spreading of soil or waste in the Myntdu River within the boundary of the Village.
We who teach in the rural areas know that the main reason is the negligence of the parents.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District (KSU) to inform and submit a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. On the other hand, the union said that there have been several shops especially food shops which have taken advantage and sold at high prices which is no longer appropriate and illegal.
According to the ejahar, the child was raped several times by Mortorjune Kharbani, 45-50 years old, in 2017 at her own residence while she was alone at home. .
Two boxers from the state have lost in the pre-quarter of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship, which was held on Tuesday. supporters at the tournament held at SAI Indoor Hall, Shillong.
England is reeling from the arrival of the new coronavirus, Omicron, with two cases in the UK so far.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Streamlet Dkhar said that it is a great honor and pride for these two winners, Dr. Fr. John War Pakma and Ms. Silbi Passah. he brought fame and glory to the whole nation.
In which he does not include anyone.
Dr Ricky Syngkon said, “We have been slow to attend the meeting to demand that an expert committee should be appointed to review the reservation policy.
In the rural areas, they are allowed to open their shops but they are not allowed to sit in the shops.
Earlier, Shillong West MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh questioned how the government will address the shortage of funds especially as the 14th Finance Commission has allocated only T.1770 crore to the state. .52,000.
“Many of my friends who are engaged in coal mining now transport coal directly with documents and challans and now even the coal mining factories buy this coal themselves.
The AYUSH and NCD departments have been opened to provide assistance to the patients and to ensure that they receive timely treatment.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said, “We are still deeply saddened by the death of our leader Dr Donkupar Roy.
However, we cannot know how much impact this relief work will have.
Prof GD Sharma, Vice Chancellor of USTM, UM Hoque, Chancellor USTM gave a welcome speech at the beginning of the meeting. He also gave advice and encouragement to the students to continue their studies for a bright future.
Later, he was taken to Khliehriat and brought before the Khliehriat Court.
However, even the roads were divided into two parts and a market place was placed in the middle.
" Then Jesus said unto her, The true worship is not on this mountain, nor in the temples; but in spirit and in truth.
In this regard, the Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun has announced that it has laid down the following rules to restrict the movement of the residents of the village and the following rules are: and the inhabitants of the city shall dwell in their own houses, and in their own fields.
The difference is between the east and the west,” said Bruton and took off his shoe.
The Leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that the people of the state should no longer allow conman or businessman but should vote for the statesman.
Chithra was found lying on the floor.
A source from the KSU-JHDU said that an earthquake has struck Bhukan village in Cachar Hills, Assam. Not only has it damaged the house but it has taken away the precious soul of the family.
The JSU is deeply saddened by the Northeast Railway Frontier (NFR)'s negligence in Jaintia Hills and the JSU demands that the NFR should rebuild the ticket counter in Jowai. The people of Jaintia Hills especially the students of the area, because many of the students who go abroad (Study Tour) schools and colleges have to book tickets, here because there is a special price for tickets JSU Publicity Secretary Dapmain Suchiang said in a statement that the number of students in Jaintia Hills will increase by 75 percent.
The games of this month are divided into groups (A, B, C & D).
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India has submitted to the CCPA last year.
AIS SujaNow here we don't talk about Meghalaya but only about Ri Khasi Jaintia, we don't talk about the Map of Khasi Jaintia, because I remember that when I was young when I was in class II in school we drew a map. Khasi Jaintia is also the largest district in the Jaintia Hills, which means that the state boundaries have been large since Meghalaya became a full state.
Speaking to reporters after filing his nomination papers, Wanñiang said that his desire to contest this election is different from other candidates, because from the beginning he decided to contest the election. no officers or leaders shall be appointed anywhere.
Shano you don't have to say Riti or Dustur.
Among the three names that have emerged these days, most of the BJP office bearers and candidates who contested the MLA elections preferred the name of Bah HM Shangpliang as the candidate. The BJP is in Shillong.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has said that the MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister has received a promise that after many discussions between the Deputy CM and the CM, “If this Government does not do as it has promised, the Seng together with CoMSO will not hesitate to announce protest programmes. without setting a deadline in the coming days to force the Government to introduce the Amendment and also to incorporate the provisions of the ILP into this Act.
Rescue agencies are still searching for six others who are still missing after their homes were flooded in Kathmandu.
According to the customs and traditions of the Khasi Hyndai, he thinks of the house.
U Bah Syiem was taken to the hospital this morning.
We have taken the suggestions of the departments so that the work can proceed and we don't want the work to slow down,” said Lamphang.
He said that the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department is still waiting for MeECL to install a transformer to supply electricity to the slaughterhouse.
However, the High Court today said that the Meghalaya Police have the opportunity to seek the assistance and cooperation of the Assam Police to arrest those involved in these illegal activities. at the same time, to stop the exploitation of the locals who own small coal mines by the people living elsewhere.
Problems may be that children hurt their parents, husband hurts husband, husband hurts husband and there is only a struggle and affects the mind or even the health especially.
He has the form of the flesh but is not of this world.
The Sohryngkham MDC said that according to the RTI Act, everyone should answer truthfully what the people want to know, but it is unfortunate that the KHADC has answered falsely to the people. and their answer was nothing.
Where can we compare the price of the farmer? In fact, he is the master but we compare him to the least servant and the lowest slave.
In the earthquake, it was reported that there were many signs of pain in many places.
The party extends its support to all the people who have supported the party.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of Mawshynrut Circle, Bah Armstrong Sohshang, said that since the former leaders of the party, they have been willing to get their own office and through the leaders. that the party has now been able to achieve this dream of having its own office.
He said that CUET is an important examination for many colleges and if they get high marks in class 12 and low marks in CUET, they will not be able to enter colleges.
Meghalaya will continue their match against Uttarakhand at 7 pm today, which is also the final match for Pool G. The women's under 17 football tournament has been announced.
“We have no doubt that we will win the election,” said Bah Sniawbha.
Speaking on the opening of the Iing Dorbar, the MLA said that when he won, he found that the Iing Dorbar from Lummawbah to Mylliem were not suitable even for the Dorbar.
The 2022-23 Budget is the first to introduce the Gender Budget, Youth Budget and Sustainable Development Goals Budget.
I am happy and in love about this part".
The MDC strongly condemns this unfounded report by the MDC of Mynsngat-Khanduli, Dawan Lyngdoh.
JOWAI: The Kur Shylla Dorbar will be held on the 14th of this month at Ialong Village, West Jaintia Hills.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has also announced that it will discuss with the Press Council of India to hold seminars and other suggestions on the rules of procedure of the Press Council of India. Council and relations and ways and means to address the problems of the media in the future.
“The name Jaintia is not the name of a nation, but only the name of a region, and it is understood that in Jaintia all other nations such as Biate, Karbi and others are included. They are also recognized as full Jaintia people.
The Center also produces sohmynken vinegar, lungsiej vinegar, sohpieng jyrngam vinegar and sohphan vinegar.
“After MeECL issued this order contract agreement on 29th August this year, we as casual workers under the banner of MPWU have written to the Chairman cum Managing to oppose it. Director (CMD) where we sent the first letter on 12 September 2017 and we also sent another letter to remind on the 20th and 3rd we have sent another letter which we have given time to He will reply by the 10th of this month but he has not replied yet and he has not invited me to the table,” said M.Cheerfullness Iawphniaw.
This has been seen in Mawshynrut and Nongstoin constituencies.
The cleanliness drive started at 9 pm from the office of the Dorbar Hall of the village and followed by short speeches by the Waheh Shnong Rgh, B Leaders of the Village Organization (VO) Mukhla Nongrim and members of the Mukhla Nongrim Sport Club.
Police have driven away the AASU members. The protest by the AASU members has also sparked a temporary clash, in which the AGP members have thrown stones at them. Chakra Baruah, President of the AGP in Teok, denied that the AGP members had thrown stones at the AASU members. everyone from the village to the city.
After a while of the second half, Uruguay and Argentina tried to fight hard.
The Chancellor, Fr.Januarius Sangma and Vice-Chancellor, Fr.Stephen Mavely, will deliver special speeches at the meeting.
“If the MPCC leadership wants the Congress to gain power in 2018, it needs to dissolve the current BCC and get other office bearers who can understand the voice of the primary units,” he said. This is the statement of Bah J. Pariong, Bah SDkhar and Bah B. Syiemlieh.
The robbers, on arresting the youth, tied his hands with ropes and kept him in the forest all day, but at night, they took him to Bangladesh and drove him away. They walked him for 2 hours and when they reached a village, they put him in a house.
Paul Lyngdoh Working President of the party said that the Congress used to accuse the ethnic parties of being divided among themselves but now the Congress has split into two parts and there has been a division within the party. “From the split within the Congress party, a new political party will emerge. The UDP is not like other parties and has a Team Leader,” said Paul.
At present, poverty, unemployment of the youth and even the elderly, child marriage and drug abuse are the problems of the village.
In the past few days, there has been a news that just because of the jaitkpa, the family has been married.
Shillong: Umkremdykhong LP School for the first time has held its Annual Sports Meet 2019 on the 7th and 8th of this month at Umkremdykhong Sports Ground, Jirang, Ri Bhoi District.
However, at the same time, the households near Mawkhar Main Road, brought their electricity and water to give to the volunteers/public to clean their eyes to avoid the tear gas.
It is time for the government together with the Nongsynshar Shnongs, NGOs to decide how to make our villages clean and tidy.
He said that the Union feels that such incidents should not be allowed to happen especially to the land owners.
Thombor Shiwat together with Deputy CEM Lasky Rymbai today met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for the second time to demand the government to release the land share of JHADC. 94.40 crore since
You have come all over the world, you have not preached the Khasei – Khasoi culture.
He said the party has empowered the District Committee to select the candidates before sending them to the party headquarters for a decision.
In another development, the National Awakening Movement (NAWM) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary that Star Cement intends to increase its quarrying capacity to 42.015 ha. Brichyrnot village, Meghalaya.
The 33-member Afghan government cabinet includes five militants detained at Guantanamo Bay.
On the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Chief Whip, Jirang MLA, was the chief guest to raise the flag of India, in the presence of Bah MB Tongper, SDO Patharkhmah. CSD, Dr. P. Hajong, BDO Patharkhmah, Bah B. Diengngan, DSP Crime Ri Bhoi District and many other elders of the area.
Sier Lapalang and the story of Puriskam in my childhood began to explain to me.
Also present on the occasion were Fr.Stephen Lamin, Parish Priest of Nongjri Parish, Sr.
When looking at the signs of kidney disease, bleeding in the urine may be due to tumor-related problems or kidney stones.
Meanwhile, Bah Alan Dkhar acknowledged Bah Scott's statement on the work of the financial authorities.
Ka haram – you don't want to be happy.
"I don't know," said Lano. So Bah Deng stayed at Lanosha's house that night.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, MGR Kumar, said that a team of police led by the SDPO of Sadar together with the Special Cell on Thursday conducted a search operation around the city. Shillong: Four persons suspected to be drug traffickers have been arrested in the raid.
Both of them have been remanded in police custody for 40 days for further investigation.
The Union would like to congratulate the CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem and his Executive Committee, because if it were not for the initiative of KHADC to file a case in the Supreme Court of India; Many of the Dorbar Shnongs (especially those under the KHADC) would not have been empowered to continue their work as they are now.
Al-Nassr are currently 10th out of 18 teams after three games of the 2023-24 season.
“Because the BJP now understands that West Bengal has a lot of votes from the minority.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) has once again donated food items to the victims of the COVID-19 pandemic. 300 households from seven villages in West Jaintia Hills District.
In Group B, Kharang SC will play against Snohktilang FC at 2.30 pm and Umpling SC will play against Mawkriah West SC at 4:15 pm.
“For Jaiaw, the names have been entered in the Jaiaw list without setting aside any separate place,” said a statement from the DC office. people who live in one village, they are named in another village.
In Zone 1's Group A, SCA-B will face East Jaintia Hills DCA while East Garo Hills DCA will face Tura DCA in Zone
In the final match between Group A and Group D at Lumpyngngad Stadium, Group D won the title by a goal scored by Fernando Pohkyrnu.
Elizabeth Vincent from Ribhoi has qualified for the ICF World Cup to be held in Prague, Czech Republic in July this year.
Then she added, “I'm looking for knowledge, but I can't find it anywhere.” Wow! what a great need.
The humidity was 67 percent in the morning and 73 percent in the evening.
Her joining the party will strengthen and encourage other youth to join the party.
The recent opening of the road by the Waheh Chnongs of Jowai will be a shock to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JMB) and the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) to find adequate shelter for tens of thousands of households. of Jowai village who have faced stones due to the strong opposition of 6 villages to continue dumping garbage in Mynkjai and other villages.
After the discussion, the KAAC officials were allowed to go as far as Wah Myntang and only the people from both the ethnic groups were allowed.
Dozens of farmers from 13 villages in Thadlaskein Block have taken part in the planting of these trees, said a statement from the President of HFU Thadlaskein Block, Bah Mutshwa Thabah.
The HYC and the Dorbar Shnong have taken this step on the disappearance of a Longkmie who is suspected to have been kidnapped by a factory worker.
Hurdles CC, who batted first, scored 105 runs in 18.2 overs for the loss of all wickets.
He also praised the KNIKMS for taking the responsibility to improve the statue of Kiang Nangbah and the archery ground which attracts tourists. Put away the envy of one another, that we may be united.
“In 2017, it was decided to dump garbage in a place only 250 meters away from this place, where the residents opposed because this place is also only 150 meters away. meters from the highway" he said.
MEPA strongly condemns the robbers who threw stones at a journalist of Nongsain Hima, who was on his way to gather information on the incident in Motphran and Them Mawlong Market this evening.
Now, we’re looking at the situation for the candidates to be honest.
The system of government is divided into three parts – At the bottom are the Dorbar Shnongs, above them are the Dorbar Raij/Dorbar Elaka and above these two levels are the Syiems who rule over the Hima which includes many Himas. that Rice.
According to the information received from the Taxation Department, the revenue from these two items varies from year to year but never less than a crore.
There was also evidence of a link between vitamin deficiency and fatigue.
Now the mid-year examination has arrived and the students cannot read in the evening.
He said that in 2015, when the court banned the quarrying, but they did not protest at all and went on with their khulom to protest against the ban.
During the inspection, the Enforcement Department of KHADC found that many of the foreign shops have not renewed their Trading Licenses. The District Council shall comply with the provisions of the Act.
The 12 Congress MLAs have not yet joined the TMC, while the party led by Dr. Mukul Sangma is still the Indian National Congress (INC) party. If they want to leave, they have to resign as MLAs first, not as they think and act foolishly, without knowing the above law.
However, the police are still in Motphran, as the curfew has not been lifted.
Almost all of them have rings to remember events, big or small.
The Gentiles were saved because they believed and accepted, and thus became children of God.
(1 Corinthians 13) Love is not a tolerance or a tolerance for people to do whatever they want with other people or creatures.
The decline in income of the state has also affected in many ways the people, from the landlords who used to rent large houses such as shops which have reached T.7 or T. .8 thousand tyngka above they have refused to pay the kulmar and they have also refused when the people keep the rent only for six months or two months because they have fallen into the trap that they don't get even the rent from the people who taken water.
Khasi tyngshop Balajied Lyngkhoi and Neblejoy Marbaniang took part in the song.
The KSU has reminded that the Lukha River is one of the most famous rivers in the state for the abundance of many kinds of fish, and there are about 5 villages living near this river. The river has been used for cleaning and drinking water during the rainy season, but since 2007 the people have lost the benefits of this river.
Shillong, July 4: The BJP Meghalaya has celebrated the sixth anniversary of the NDA government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“We will hold a strike at any time before the elections if the Prime Minister does not call for talks,” said Bah Thabah.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Laitkor Pyllun, ended today at the Laitkor Shad Ground where hundreds of male and female dancers took part.
He said that the people express their wishes in the morning and there is no opposition in which they express their wishes for the person elected by the people.
There were also cannons installed at all the gates to the palace (Gurdon, Bareh & Lamare).
One of these groups was the residents who relied heavily on the leadership of the Dorbar Shnong Ratacherra, while another group led by Bah Worly Pohiing stood against the order of the village.
Most of the deaths were reported from Bihar, 13 from Uttar Pradesh, two from West Bengal, one from Rajasthan and 46 from Rajasthan. Bihar, but one of the media outlets in Bihar admitted that Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar admitted that in Bihar there were up to 50 people killed in the earthquake.
Amidst the protests of the people, the government has issued an order to transfer him to Sohra and to send another to Amlarem.
However, to form a government, 31 MLAs are needed”.
He expressed his satisfaction with the joining of Bah Khan K Dkhar, former Congress MLA/MDC from Nongshken.
The Rangbah Shnong said, “Dih kein, we too have just finished drinking when you came.
Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that as a former Chief Minister, he never thought that the BJP leader would come to meet him and hand over the letter. write about the nine-year journey of the BJP and the work it has done under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Gill has scored four 100 runs and one 100 runs in 13 games.
He said the civil society has agreed to read and review the laws to be issued by the government on the ILP. “We will send it to them soon,” he said.
God's Word says: “You (Israel) are my sword, and with you I shall break in pieces the nations (the enemy), and with you I shall destroy the kingdoms of the earth.
According to the source, the incident happened at about 3:30 pm, while the mother and children along with others were returning from a wedding ceremony at Siejlieh. While they were leaving the house and walking on the road, suddenly the local taxi with two children inside overturned and went straight behind them until they died.
The diseases, if you have them, are type I pneumonia with septic shock and type 2 diabetes mellitus with hypertension.
Former Chairman of the Manipur Human Rights Commission (MHRC) and Senior Advocate Khaidem Mani in a statement to the media on the shortage of lawyers said that this has hampered the working methods and stay tens of thousands of cases.
Not only that, the union also requests the DC to join hands with the government to help in the completion of the road from Nongstoin-Nongkhnum.
Bandonboklang is the husband of Teiri Lyngdoh, father of Haphilarisa Lyngdoh and Arphibanri Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Law and Justice, on Saturday, said that the NPP-led MDA government has done its best, but the BJP should get more. many parts, in order to bring about economic development in the state.
At a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, the Chief Minister said that the Government in the past few years has tried to introduce changes in the environment sector by collaborate with various departments as well as the community.
HEALTHY FOOD : Depression can affect the body's metabolism.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 3.63 crore, with 5,488 cases of Omicron.
These foreigners are the contractors of Bah Dinus Siangshai who led the construction of the National School in Pynthorumkhrah.
These four organizations expressed their deep anger at how a person who is not under the law has committed such a crime against women.
Shillong have scored well in terms of run rate but, besides these three batsmen, others have not been able to score runs and the team has lost all wickets and scored. They scored 181 runs in 27.5 overs.
Marconi Thongni also congratulated the players of the two teams to play well so that they can reach the goal of victory.
In the scheduled match, the match between the two teams ended without any goal.
Jaiaw Langsning has convened this meeting due to the concern and fear of the residents of the spread of the disease from a patient admitted to Robert Hospital.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has decided to lodge a complaint with the National Green Tribunal (NGT) against the state government for not taking action to send an inquiry into the blue ringing of the Lukha River.
No arrests have been made in connection with the incident.
Besides, it was found that the cleaning of the color stang only like a piece of paper and even if you squeeze with your foot, it will fall to the ground.
Hek said this when asked whether the Government will help the farmers if their cows die especially now that there is at-sniehdoh disease of cows around.
Therefore, the death of the army chief was also Putin's plan from behind the scenes.
Jowai, July 26: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will start tomorrow July 27 the 2nd Division Football Tournament of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy. at the Kiang Stadium in Jowai.
The election has passed and the law has been passed but after the election, all these laws have been suspended.
The eight arrested include Dapynbiang Sten (26) from Kyrwen, Riwandaru Dann (22), Ladthadlaboh and Kristina Lyngdoh. Demthring, Elison Dkhar (24), Demthring, Emryngkatmiter Dkhar (20), Demthring and Prosperity Talang (22).
The Jowai Municipal Board has been directed to ensure that the dumping of garbage will not affect the environment.
Shillong, March 30: The BJP leader, Dr Phlour W Khongjee, on Tuesday said that his call for a public meeting in Sohra these days was not by force, but after receiving an order from the BJP. BJP leader from Delhi and did as they ordered.
Before the burning of the statue of Mukul Sangma, police in uniform were seen guarding the area nearby to prevent any disturbance, and after the burning they left.
"If Priyanka Gandhi is not released tomorrow and the son of an Indian minister is not arrested, then Congress leaders will march to Lakhimpur Kheri!" Sidhu tweeted.
The Assam court has charged him with the MPWA and we will hand him over to the Assam Police after investigating him for illegal activities in North Garo Hills,” he said.
“We also urge other Dorbar Shnongs to understand this issue by providing land so that we can build Rehabilitation Centres,” said Bah Paul.
“It's in the works we've done, We've been working, How can we survive, how can we survive?
The polling station in Kyndong Tuber, Raliang Constituency, has gone smoothly today, with 544 out of 628 voters turning out to vote.
All the speakers praised Bah Sanbor who is an MLA who has worked hard to bring about development in the constituency as a whole.
You will never find such a place blessed by the gods.
Jowai: A magician named Spain Lamin Gadew (37) was arrested on Saturday at 1:30 pm while he was stealing a boat at Wah Umngot in Shnongpdeng. tourists from Nagaland, suddenly came to capsize their boat and the man from Shnongpdeng drowned.
The All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AJCVA) has demanded that the law should punish with life imprisonment the suspects involved in the killing of two commercial vehicle drivers in Jaintia Hills. Damehipaia Papeng, who was driving a car from Jowai to Ladrymbai, who went missing since 10th July, and Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, who was driving a car from Jowai to Shillong, who were found missing on the same day from Mynkre East Jaintia Hills.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in order to get full protection against COVID-19, both the 1st and 2nd doses of the vaccine should be given.
Porto, Portugal: Chelsea beat Manchester City 1-0 to win the Champions League title on Saturday.
“This donation has helped a lot in the state where many people try to hide the incidents and we don't want to investigate what happens inside the four walls of the house.
This year's Christmas lights installation in Moolamylliang, East Jaintia Hills was inaugurated by Dr WR Kharlukhi MP Rajya Sabha on 18th November in the presence of Santa Mary Shylla, MLA Sutnga-Saipung. Malthus Sangma, other government officials, elders, village leaders and others.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne, in reply to a question by Banjop Pyngrope, MDC Rambrai Jyrngam, said that Within the boundary of KHADC, the EC will meet with these companies to talk and especially with the towers which have already been constructed but have not been implemented.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the women expressed their regret that they have set up a Self Help Group with the leaders of the Village Organisation. The VO through the Secretary VEC has not been sent to them, so all the work has been done.
UPLP and Umsynrem LP School.
“If the residents can verify their citizenship and register their land with the council to get a Land Holding Certificate, not even a centimeter of land will go to Assam,” said CEM Thombor Shiwat. If you register your land with the council, you don't have to pay 10 tyngka.
The Central Government has also explained that it has received a clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forest.
The road will connect Karbi Anglong in Assam to the Land Customs Station and also to Bangladesh through Meghalaya.
Scientists have increasingly proved that the turning of water into wine by Jesus Christ is true and this is true, as recorded in the Gospel of John, where Jesus turned water into wine. at the wedding feast in Cana.
Replying to a question by Clifford R. Marak, Leader of the Garo National Council (GNC) on the demand of the GNLA to release its Chairman R Sangma, Roshan said that the talks have been held. The last meeting with the ANVC will be held soon and it will also be a great opportunity to bring all the rebel groups to the negotiating table for the sake of peace and stability in Garo Hills and the state as a whole.
In 2022, there were 319 cases of crimes against women and 488 cases of crimes against children while 298 crimes were against women and 491 Twenty-four crimes against children were recorded in 2021 and 253 against women and 164 ruser crimes against children in 2020.
UDP MLAs, including Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy and Bah Paul Lyngdoh, did not support the motion by Bah Ardent, but said that it still needs to be discussed and consulted first. I don't know what to do.
The plan was first announced in January 2017 and the payment of money from the owners and then the company's debt continues until
The Vice President of the NPP, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that Sohiong has been blessed by God because this time the NPP will have more glory.
Similarly, Trump does not believe that China is getting cleaner, less, he says it is hiding the facts.
The union under the leadership of Bah S Khar Lyngdoh, Vice-President, in inspecting the documents on the 17th of this month, found only the EPICs showing that they are from Assam. enter the state they don't have anything.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chairperson of the Committee, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said, “The Committee has decided to extend its discussion by taking the decision to write to the State Government to allow The Committee will send the decision to the Government for approval.
Darnei said that Jaintia Hills from War to Saipung has a beautiful culture and customs that are different compared to other ethnic groups around the world.
We worship God because we cannot fight against Him.
The new operation will start on the 18th of this month.
He said that Prime Minister has so far visited Northeast region 51 times and has given a new impetus to the growth and development of the region.
Police together with ksew from Shillong have arrived at the scene in Mynniar to track down the perpetrators.
Shillong: The two largest ethnic parties in the state, the UDP and the HSPDP, will continue to work together and understand each other, although it will be more difficult to reach unity.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that in the next dorbar, KHADC wants to introduce a full year budget and many other issues to be discussed. He said they have written to the Chairman to take the vote of the House to postpone the session to the 27th.
He said that since the outbreak of Covid-19, there has been a lot of discrimination and if he has to act against the Government, he will do so, even if he is arrested and should not be released from jail.
“Everyone knows what the NPP and BPJ are like, but our leaders are running every night to join them for their own benefit,” said Ma Pala.
He said that when 100 people came at the time of return, only 60 people left. We are looking for where the other 40 people are missing but we have received a reply that they have been admitted to the hospital to sleep. .
Nongpoh, Naitung 07 : The increase in illegal quarrying in Rani, a village on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, has affected not only the government's revenue loss but also the loss of revenue. also the terrible destruction of the environment.
“If I think only of myself, I don't need to stand for election.
Speaking on the Budget of the State Government, the Chief Minister said that the Chief Minister's Scholarship Scheme will be implemented from 2024-2025 for those students who pass well in Class XI and XII. “The Government will also implement a new program to assist students called MPOWER with an allocation of Rs 380 crore for this purpose,” he said.
“It's been a while... Don't you know who's here? “Ani ko Niakha, I don't feel like answering any more questions.
On Tuesday evening, the Dorbar Shnong of East Khasi Hills has announced that the DC of East Khasi Hills has enforced Section 144 Cr PC to prohibit the attempt of people to devil worship, going to cemeteries, and other activities to write against the faith that affects the feelings of others.
Perhaps it is unpleasant and unpleasant to talk about this issue but it requires a way to seek information on the development of the Khasi language so that it will be accurate and complete.
Eligible candidates for this award are those who have scored 65 percent in SSLC and 60 percent in HSSLC, while in Bachelor Degree 55 percent. 9862665748/8787495778 / 9362784241.
Mary Jynn R Marak scored 28 runs and Janika R Marak 20 runs while Kierrda G Momin, who seemed to have a problem in her bowling, scored 4/11 runs while Grimchi Ch Sangma scored 20 runs. get 2/30.
The project, which is currently under construction, is to help or free people who have fallen into illegal habits such as alcohol, drugs and other intoxicants which have caused a decline in the price of households. family and society.
According to reports, no Bollywood actress has ever been the spokesperson for Gucci and only Alia has had such an opportunity.
“The Association has given 10 days to close down the gate of the Council which has been operating illegally,” said the statement.
At least 40 people were injured in these incidents.
“It is pleasant to hear that the residents and the Dorbar are ready to help a household in the village and I urge all the residents to follow the example of this village how to “It's a good idea to help each other during this time of corona virus in the state,” said Conrad K Sangma.
Earlier, the Secretary of the party, Kong Rihok Suchiang, said that in the work of the party to eradicate the problems in the village, it has faced many obstacles until it has been threatened.
The Union Leader said that from time to time the members of the Regional Committee have spoken in the media that the boundary settlement in Langpih sector will be expedited as soon as possible but It is not known why the matter is still pending.
Mr. Eugeneson is confident that the team will be able to win this tournament and if they can win through this it will encourage more young players. and the future of the generation.
On the other hand, the CoMSO urges the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, to approve the MRSSA Amendment Bill 2020 and expects the Home Ministry to approve it so that Meghalaya can become a state. “It will fall under the implementation of the ILP,” he said.
“If Kynsai N Syiem cannot bring a clear census of the Hima, we will oppose from time to time, even to the District Council,” said Bah Tamdor Risaw. At the same time, he said that the party will always have a bad sign and the party will not succeed.
If we choose evil again, it destroys ourselves, our family, our society, our clan, our village, our community, our church and the nation as a whole.
The number of such cases worldwide is estimated at half a million so far.
Speeches were also delivered by all the leaders of the civil society and civil society organizations who expressed their strong opposition to the violation and the struggle against these liquor shops despite the expiry of the deadline. Now.
Pastor Hynniewta said that mankind has sinned against God by destroying the fire which has caused forest fires and earthquakes around the world.
In another match, Japanese Miyu Kato in collaboration with German Tim Puetz to win the title in the first round, these players have won the title. They beat Bianca Andreescu of Canada and Michael Venus of New Zealand 4-6 6-4 (10-4). 6) in their final match.
Shillong, Naitung 01 : Mawlai SC beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 in the remaining minutes of the match on Thursday at the Third Ground of Shillong Lajong FC. The OC Blue Shillong Premier League, which was played on 21st July and ended on Thursday.
Leaders of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) under the leadership of Samla Alfond Kharsyntiew, Bah Shanbor Rymbai, General Secretary of HFU Jaintia Hills and others, visited the damage. Assam in three villages for the agricultural products of the Khasi Pnar people, who live in Durgacherra, Durbintilla and Dabinalla.
Banshanlang Nongdhar (61') and R Khongjoh (80') scored the second goal for Smit.
The cause of the incident is still unknown.
H Lato, MFS, Divisional Forest Officer, Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division, Jowai, appealed to the people of the village to cooperate with the department in the protection and conservation of wildlife as well as the land. their stay.
They accuse us of forbidding the slaughter of beef, when do you lose beef in the market? This is the plot of the Congress and others against the BJP. The Congress has ruled for many decades and has destroyed the country.
He added that the government has taken steps to guide the youth.
The BJP leaders from Ri Bhoi District have expressed their dissatisfaction with the leadership of State President Ernest Mawrie. Ribhoi Unit, Bah S Thabah, former General Secretary Bah S Rani and seven leaders from Ri Bhoi District.
He called on the new party (NPP) led by Sniawbha to be a party that works for the people and not like the old party (Congress).
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Embhah said that he has been in the party for 15 years and has won as an MDC and MLA from the party.
The MSPCB had called for the first EPH for the Star Cement project on 19th April, last year at Brishyrnot but it failed due to the opposition of the Hynriew Shnongs and Sengbhalang including the Jaintia Students Movement, the Khasi Students Union and others.
It is no longer surprising to see women driving their own vehicles including two-wheelers.
The hills and rivers were heard while these young men were bleeding.
The equipment and components of the factory were delivered to India and Tura in June this year.
The incident comes just days after President Vladimir Putin was re-elected to a seven-year term.
According to him, at about 12.30 pm, he went to the teachers' phones as a sign of congratulations on the Holi festival. There is a crowd and there is a banner written to celebrate Holi.
Damehi Dkhar (11, 14) and Chijuhlangki Dkhar (50) scored two goals for Lumpariat while Evening Tariang (42, 51) scored the second goal for Mookynphad Mihmyntdu.
“When asked, he explained that the reason why the Rapido has not been banned since last years is because the Government has not yet drafted the Rule.
However, Ma Rymbai's question is, “When the NGT has decided to allow the sale of coal, which has been mined since 9th July 2014, why have they not allowed it yet?”.
130 children and nine teachers took part in the program held at Roman Catholic Lower Primary School in Mynkre. books to be placed in school libraries.
Many talks have emerged in Nongstoiñ now, that Dr. Pariong's absence from Gabriel may be the first sign that he doesn't trust the Congress party anymore.
Besides T. Lyngwa, AL Bareh, MCS, EAC, South West Khasi Hills District, Sports Club Office bearers, MDSA office bearers and the public were also present.
Government authorities have forcibly demolished several houses of residents on the 8th of this month.
The prizes are 1st Prize - T.1 lakh 50 thousand, 2nd Prize - 1 gold medal and 3rd Prize - Mobile Phone.
Bhardwaij, Head Technical Plant, Vinod Kumar Singh and employees of Dalmia, admitted their violation of the law regarding the loading of garbage in vehicles and at the same time promised to continue They said that they will take action to follow the guidelines to protect the environment and also not to endanger the health of the people. They should clean and cover the garbage so that there will be no smell and no smell water.
This is the initiative implemented by the Sustainable Transport and Efficient Mobility Society (STEMS) during the 16th Urban Mobility Conference and Expo 2023, which was held from 27th to 29th of this month at the City of New Delhi.
Shillong: U Bishop Purely Lyngdoh, President of the Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF), today said that the people should not be shocked when they hear news from time to time because many of the news are not true.
Chennai has 45,814 cases, while Kolkata has 4,896 cases as of Tuesday.
The elders say, don't be afraid to call by name those who have grown up, because it is a disgrace and a disgrace to the Khasi custom.
The man was identified as Mark C, 36 years old, but he was said to have been drunk since he arrived at the Wild Night Club in Krakow with your friends.
Out of these 22,17,100 voters, 13,96,054 voters cast their ballots in the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, which includes 36 MLA constituencies.
To say that the incident was committed by the people of Mawtlong I cannot justify because the people nearby have joined hands,” said Bah Mawloong.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 5:- Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday seized 65.32 grams of heroin weighing 65.32 grams from two persons. The Superintendent of Police, EJHD, in a statement, said that after receiving detailed information, the Tata truck from Assam was heading towards Khliehriat, EJHD. Two drug traffickers conducted a raid at Byndihati petrol pump at 9:45 pm on the 4th of this month and seized a 12 wheeler truck carrying dewbilat. for No. AS-028-AC-0
It will also help the school children who have to pass through this river to work from one side to the other.
This shows that those who need to travel are those who read only these three newspapers and not those who read dozens of newspapers published from Shillong.
Harris said 413 people were killed and 3,551 injured.
Shortly after the CCTV cameras, police have arrested more people and at the time of writing, a total of 19 people have been accused of causing the violence.
However, the Government should not forget or ignore the teachers from different groups from Primary to College level from different school categories. they are those who are shisha in the fields of writing.
“The voice of the leaders to mislead the people to gain power is wrong.
The handover ceremony was attended by Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, General Secretary, FKJGP Ri-Bhoi District, Samla Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary, Samla Nangkiew Sohktung and others. other leaders from Myrdon Circle.
Police are investigating whether the woman took her own life or may have been murdered.
In particular, the circle congratulated the Motsyiar Grassroots Football Academy for their efforts in providing training to the children and youth of Mawlai.
The Congress on Tuesday announced 15 more candidates for the 2023 MLA election to be held on 27th June.
He said it has also launched the North East Road Development Scheme to build roads in the area and has handed over to IIT Guwahati to oversee the works and implementation.
He said that not all youth can become IAS, IPS, but we need one or two people to leave the state for this job to hold the power in the state, for the hope of the nation. She also urged the students not to live a short life, but to live a long life, to succeed in their studies, to please teachers and parents through their hard work so that they can become students who have hope and reach their goals in their lives as they wish, he added.
On the other hand, Rymbai Presbyterian Church Hig.
MeECL has immediately sent its employees on Friday morning to investigate the facts after receiving a complaint from the KSU. that some households from one meter provide electricity to 14 households, others provide electricity to 4-5 households and so on.
In the end, Dipayan didn't get any more friends and before the end of the match he too fell for only five runs before scoring a century in this match.
This shows that the number of deposits in the bank has increased significantly, although the number of deposits by depositors has declined, according to a statement from the Central Bank of Switzerland on July 17,
In his speech, Ardent said that the HSPDP is ready to contest for power in 2018 and the people should not spoil the party's plan and if we win this election without We will win the mid-term MDC elections soon and the HSPDP will not end up in Maieid or Nongstoin.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that the Chief Whip of the Opposition, Bah George B Lyngdoh has lied that the government has not consulted with the people of Meghalaya. The meeting was held at the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Assam for the resolution of the seven disputed areas in the first phase.
If the people die of starvation, it is not because of covid 19 because until now there is no assistance from the government.
Currently, there are 39 people including 23 children and 16 children living at the Mercy Home.
If there are food vendors who cause trouble in the city, they shall be arrested.
After this meeting, the market was handed over to the community in the presence of the village officials and at the same time they will look after the needs of the market for the benefit of the residents and market visitors.
He said that the land has now been taken over by Basanti Sohpdang, who was the owner earlier.
The opening of this tungtap farm is part of the government's efforts to improve the income of the villagers involved in the farming and selling of fish or any other food products. It is also hoped that such schemes will help in providing employment to the residents who have a major role to play in the income generation of the country and the state.
The family members have been directed to collect the bodies immediately and if they do not, they will be handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board.
Tiwari said the turnout for Tura constituency was 81.37 per cent, while for Shillong constituency was only 73.78 per cent.
In the sub-junior cadet boys – 47kg, Pyndaplang Marak won and Luckystar Kharmudai won the second prize.
Speaking on the occasion, Himanta and Conrad congratulated the two States for supporting the various ethnic groups in the State.
NEC Secretary Ram Muivah said that these projects have been accepted and approved by the NEC. to support financially including tourism, industry, and agriculture.
By Bah Philip MarweinDang In recent days, there has been a report in the newspapers about the meeting of the quarrymen and shyiap miners.
Shillong, November 2: Former Minister of Mylliem Hima, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, on Tuesday said that the KHADC has amended the Hima Act after the Hima has given its opinion to allow the Ministers of the Hima. and the Longsan to participate in politics.
“These Assam police do not hesitate to seize vehicles from Meghalaya without any reason and what is more surprising is that they do not forgive even the vehicles of the residents of the area including vehicles from Meghalaya. Killing, Baridua, Khanapara and other villages bordering Assam, while vehicles from Assam enter Meghalaya safely without any interference by the Meghalaya Police,” said Alex Narleng.
These buses will be released and distributed to some schools and in parts of Laitumkhrah and Dhanketi.
In South Garo Hills, 2 high risk contacts are from Jadi Bazar, in West Garo Hills, 15 cases are from Jadi Bazar. Phulbari and 7 members of the Armed Forces.
According to the view now, if we talk about the position of the leader or the leaders, it is very low in this Khasi country. If we look at the work they are doing now, is it because they don't want to? three good? Or do you want to serve the people right? Or do they not understand how to manage their affairs? This too we must answer for ourselves.
Members of the Working Committee also donated financial assistance for the reconstruction of the Catholic Church in Mawsmai.
In this case, which has not been found, they are as it is, such as the words Creator, Builder, Dancer, Speaker, Thief, Writer, Guardian, Farmer, Winner, Winner, Farmer, Leader and so on.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer (DSO) of East Khasi Hills District has held the 1st Youth Exchange Program 2019 on 21st July, 2019 at U So So Tham. Auditorium, Shillong.
The captain of RUFC also scored his first try by throwing against the net but it was caught by Vanlalhruata Chhangte.
The protesters said that there is no employment for the people in the area, or the economic development brought about by the dewbilat company, but it only pollutes the environment and causes diseases.
He asked whether they don't see the deterioration of the road or whether they travel from the village to Shillong, Tura, Williamnagar, Ampati, Khliehriat Wahiajer, Mairang, Pynursla and others.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, after receiving information from the Waheh Shnong of Loomsooiung Newhill, has been able to bring glory to Jaintia Hills. On the 9th, the President of the Union, Ma Alan Niangti, honored him at the Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong Dongmihsngi.
According to police sources, the robbers robbed the man by threatening him with a self-made gun and a knife and the robbers also stole about 5,000 tyngka from the victim. the house of the old man.
Earlier, Nahlin Kohli, the BJP chief in charge of Meghalaya, had criticized the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma for saying that only those who work for development will get votes.
Laitlyting Lyngkyrdem will play the final against Umphrup SC on 17th July 2023 in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah P.Tynsong. and members of the state Sports Department.
This is the second time for Laitkor to win the title, as well as for the PFR girls. For the PFR Academy, J Lyngdoh scored a hat trick ( 20′, 25′, 46′), along with B Kharsyntiew who scored two goals (19′, 70′) and D Khongwet (21′) and R Suting (51′).
“All the people ask what is the foundation of Bah Mukhim, I will tell you, the foundation of Bah Mukhim, is to protect the land, customs, language, which are the foundations of the nation. ", said Mr. Martle.
The cases in East Khasi Hills are 4 soldiers, 3 foreigners, 2 high risk contacts, one ILI and one screener.
The union said that many of the names of the poor and needy people have not been released while some of those who do not live in the village have names.
Arien B Sangma (9 not out) and Ibitlang Thabah (10 not out) scored runs.
Matthew 24:36.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 07: The SSSM and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle today welcomed a special ceremony for the youth of Mawkyrwat. The Meghalaya Games 2022 will be held in Shillong from 2nd to 7th June,
However, at the same time, he said that in Meghalaya, this is not the case where the people who have passed class 3-4 are those who have passed class 3-4 and there has been misuse of money. to buy the vote of the people.
In preparation for the presence of ISIS in Afghanistan, the White House said it would look into how to deal with the situation.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said, “Because it is a very busy, urgent task and it is necessary to count the work of all the departments for many years now, It is difficult for the Government to complete the roster system in just a few days or months”.
All the decisions and orders of the Government shall be solonsar for all and not to be elected by one or two as ruled or managed by private individuals.
The road was constructed under the 100 days MGNREGS scheme but the BDO's office has allocated funds for the construction of 1 km through the Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) scheme at a cost of T. but nothing has been done until now.
Shillong, Nailar 26 : The NPYF, Mylliem Block will hold the 2022 Open Basketball Tournament for Men and Women.
The DC said that the scheme has come with a subsidy of Rs 4.784 crore and the remaining Rs 1.256 crore will be the share to be paid by the beneficiaries.
“I am very pleased with you that you are clear in your speech and you are able to speak...” said the father of Riia. Bahnah laughed and said, “How can you do, Father, when the Creator has given you the ability to speak? "Riia's father also laughed and felt that Bahnah's words were too much.
This is to ensure that the elections can be held in a smooth manner,” said the Minister of Home Affairs.
“Then you will know those who lead you.
When the people have been able to provide those documents according to the needs and directives of the Transport Department, the brokers mostly say that they need that too, which they just invent from time to time just to mislead the people. that the people should feel proud and in need and that they should send or send assistance to the Dalals.
If we look at the government's assistance to develop the youth especially the youngsters who are involved in this field, it is still lacking for more than 50 years in the state but the Football Academy is still very few. private sector but how many parents from the rural areas can support their children to attend these training centres.
The dates and months and years are not known, but the following are the Khasi Pnars who were killed by the Karbi between 2000-16,
The next match will be on the 1st of November between Sohkyndur FC and Ezeriel FC at 1 pm.
On this occasion, a wreath laying ceremony was also held at the graves of Aradonga and Salpara, which fall under Athiabari OP. The trainers and trainees of the 8 Batch Basic Training at the APTC (Armed Police Training Centre) of the 4th BN MLP, Sohpian. instead of the 3 meter x 2 meter and 10 meter high national flag which was temporarily hoisted for the first time in April 2023 as part of the 'Har Tiranga Campaign' on the pole. feet (12.2 m) high and carrying a new 21 feet by 14 feet (6.4 m x 4.3 m) flag.
Applications should be submitted to the office of the Deputy Commissioner on or before 20th March
:The Khasi song from the upcoming film “Lyndet” and “Kongbih” has been released on the 11th of June,
The singers and participants included former Boyzone singer Ronan Keating, Jonas Blue, Lou Majaw, Blue Temptation, Da Minot, Nokpante, Rhem, Favian, Wanjop Sohkhlet, Banrap, Young Nate, Meban, Lamphrang, and Toshan.
The value of the seized gold is estimated at T.4,23,64,8
What is the evil thing,It is the pride of men;They feel as if they know everything,But they don't know the beginning and the end.
He said that these heroes have not received the recognition they deserve and therefore, he is happy to remember these heroes at the Amrit Mahotsava.
Speaking to media, Sangma said that the construction of roads in the state has been stalled for three and a half years.
Speaking after the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the HLC, said that the Committee, after examining the documents, has decided to The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has been instructed to allow another 30 days for those who live in the Iewmawlong area to bring witnesses.
In another interview, some of the residents in these areas expressed their concern by saying, “We have never seen such a shortage of water. .
As an expert in the preparation of good and healthy food and drink, she also demonstrated how to make achar from different and easily available vegetables in the market.
The Khasi language has grown and become rich because of the large number of speakers. If there were few speakers, it would be a poor language. The question before us is what will happen to the Khasi language if there is a lack of readers? Until now, there have been many Khasi writers who have written in their fields, the problem we see now is the lack of readers especially for Khasi books, we cannot expect that the writer will lose his life. For the purpose of publishing Khasi books unless someone buys and reads them, we are too poor in reading unless those books are sold as school books.
“Whatever you have, tell me... If you have.
Indeed, the patriotic song of any country or nation is always in the traditional voice or the heartfelt voice of the nation, which gives and inspires the nation, which praises its own country and The Jaitbynriew, congratulates its ancestors who have sacrificed their bodies and souls for the sake of fighting for the rights of the Jaitbynriew, for the expansion of the border and so on. you're right.
In government areas, many Dorbar Shnongs have become adequate due to the availability of qualified Village Officers.
Sullivan said it is in the hands of the US President how to lead the country and how to maintain relations with China so that everything goes smoothly. He said that only by striving for cooperation can many problems be solved.
Speaking at the public meeting, Bah Daniel said that the parties held their last talks in June this year with the government.
“To Niakha, I will listen to you.
He also took part in the meeting to urge the council to set up a committee on the introduction of the Pnar script, which is still in demand.
Therefore, we need to dream, imagine, fight and mass movement to make it happen.
The form should be written in capital letters with the correct name.
Police sources said that the two wheelers were heading towards Tura, while the petrol truck was heading towards Assam. far away, but the two of them died on the spot.
The union warns all those who bring foreign workers into Nongstoiñ area that they should provide all the necessary documents so that it will not cause problems to them. At the same time, the Seng would like to request all the residents of the area to cooperate with the Seng and to appoint local workers in their jobs which can still be done by the Seng. for the region.
The committee and the family invite all those who are close to Bah BB Lyngdoh to attend this meeting to congratulate him on this day and to take this as an information, he said. Babu Kular Khongjirem and Kong Syrpailin Khonglah, daughter of BB Lyngdoh.
There, too, the opposition was not satisfied and asked whether the closure of the MAPL unit was due to the fact that it had not received a special license for the unit or that there were complaints. Many of the officers who sent the slip to Bah James Sylliang, after receiving the slip, stood up to answer and said that the closure of the company is because it does not have a trading license. which you have received from the Council.
This was announced by the Union Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, Nirmala Sitaraman at a press conference in Goa today.
Lawsohtun, the village where the Laban-Mawprem MDC lives, is under Mylliem constituency in the MLA election and has more than 5000 votes. The people of Lawsohtun want him to contest in
Besides, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that with the passing of the days, the Khasi people have declined in terms of morality, and the clearest evidence of that is that the Khasi people do not know how to respect anyone. those people who have done great things for the nation, but they shall honor them until they have passed away and at that time they shall remember or lay flowers to them.
On the other hand, the SDO has urged the Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia not to accept any foreigners without any proof such as police verification and to verify from where they come. and what job they do and who comes to this place because it makes it difficult to accept later on if it happens that they are people who have bad signs just to come and do bad things in the village or in the township. you are in the War Jaintia Hills.
Bah Sniawbhalang said that after the completion of the first phase, the second phase of the construction will proceed.
He said that if there is a complaint of insufficient implementation or any delay in the implementation of this scheme, the government will take action.
But when there is no water, they suffer extremely.
“We have discussed to prepare well for the mid-term MDC elections especially in Nongkrem and Sohiong constituencies and we have handed over to the circle to select the candidates,” said Bah Chyne after opening the meeting.
The Smile Train team empowers local and international doctors to provide free mouth surgery and proper treatment.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naiwieng 22: A house in Kharew village in South West Khasi Hills District has caught fire and burnt down all the belongings. .
Shillong, Iaiong 4 : The sale of rice, kubi and other commodities, is and should be available around the markets and villages, as usual.
The victim was identified as Heisnam Bigyananda, 33, of Lamyai Taothabi, who stabbed his wife to death while they were on their way to a bar. by boat at the time.
Meanwhile, the Nepali Compound in Rilbong and the house of Roma Devkota, Mira Store to Umjasai will remain under the curfew.
The incident happened at 1:15 pm according to one of the owners of the house, Monica Dkhar.
These are also the days when the youth are in the midst of great anxiety and struggle in their journey.
The meeting was held at Jatrakhona, South Garo Hills, Meghalaya on 3rd June.
Speaking to media, the NTC office bearers in the presence of CB Syiem, NTC Chairman Rayonald Kharkamni, said that the committee has taken the initiative to demand from the state government, for the The 132kv Power Station has been completed so that the people can escape from the problems they have faced in the past few days and that is only due to the excessive power outage.
Therefore, the surviving parents felt sorry for this incident and thought that the rule of giving jait to the mother should be changed so that the women can feel the ownership of their children to look after them when they are born. their husbands or their fathers died.
Almost all the MDCs who attended the meeting were conducted by the Chairman of JHADC. Speaking on the occasion, the MECs praised the Synshar Shnong Act of JHADC. The crematorium, which we can say, is in style, was opened on Tuesday at Rangthylliang-Mawsiang, Nongshken-Dewsaw pathaw.
It is learned that in the past few days, the Patharkhmah Police Outpost has seized two song of 'Kharu', which was planted by the robbers who intended to kill the live Dohkha. in this Wah.
Earlier in 1974, about 8000/9000 Garo people under the leadership of the GNC demanded the merger of Garo villages in Goalpara District into Meghalaya. dozens were arrested according to the report.
This will be held in the areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri Police Station, including Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat and others. The place is located in the Cantonment Beat House.
This year, the attack by these police is the worst in 26 years,” said the Faridabad-based Locust Warning Organization (LWO).
Kdupmiki Rymbai scored the second goal for Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu in the 71st minute.
These leaders include the KSU, FKJGP, Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), JSU and all these organizations have called for The slogan “You are the language, you are the nation,” was heard at Jantar Mantar.
Am I a politician.
He said that the curfew has been imposed to trace people who have been in contact with those who have tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong.
He said that the party demands that the State Government should introduce a Water Policy.
The Minister of Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, teachers and students from all over the state attended the ceremony.
Sukkynjai said the CCIB is a group of civil society organizations and land owners in the border areas and since last years it has expressed its opposition to the erection of signs from 150 yards of the International Border. Bangladesh because the land owners have lost their land which is agricultural land.
Through an emailed petition to the Prime Minister, the SC leaders informed that at present, there are about 25,000 people from five districts under the SC category or about 58 percent. people within the State.
The five MLAs have written to the Chief Secretary to punish the District Magistrate and Biblab Kumar Deb has also sought clarification from the Chief Secretary on the incident. Yadav's actions at the meeting place.
On Saturday, hundreds of people including political parties, school children took part in the march organized by the Seng Kynthei, Upper Shillong Pyllun which started from the State Central Library and and they went to the field of Malki.
Thus, in society, conflict and bloodshed arise when one group exercises authority over others or considers the customs or culture of others to be inferior.
The Minister said that the construction of Tura Medical College has completed by 40%.
The source said that the bodies of each man were dead while the bodies of each woman were dead for 20 or 24 hours.
Shillong, July 30 : The East Khasi Hills PM-Poshan Workers Union today held a ceremony to honor the Adviser Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat at a meeting held at the National Khasi Durbar Hall, Mawkhar. Mankara Kharjamuti is the Secretary of the party.
Regarding the Covid-19 outbreak in the state, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that 29 BSF personnel have tested positive for Covid-1 26 cases in East Khasi Hills District and 3 cases in Tura.
This Tham flows through the Riat Tham River in this area.
Recently, the house of the Secretary of the Hima Nongspung has been burnt down in Balakhwa area near Kyrshai.
“The police have questioned him...his explanation to me on the 14th is the same...I heard with my own ears because I was there that the explanation he gave to the police on the On the 15th he said he found it and came with his friend and that friend dropped him off at home on a scooty,” he said.
Today, Ryntih SC, which is in fourth place, will face Nangkiew Irat SC, which is in ninth place, at 3 pm.
Sawkmie requested HDR Lyngdoh to help in looking after and resolving this traffic jam which starts from Petrol Pump to Mawiong Umjapung, Nan Kabrin, Marten and sometimes even to Dairy Milk.
“He should be suspended while he is under investigation according to the complaint and to take inquiry from those who complained against him and from the people of Mawsynram,” said the two organizations. If he has done wrong, he should be deprived of all the benefits he should have received as a government servant”.
Of these four teams, Jurïawthei and Mawmahrang teams have reached the final.
“This is the first year after the 50th anniversary of Meghalaya, we have to go back to the past to predict the future and we have to look at all this anew,” he added.
It is worth mentioning here that this mountain since earlier times has been attracting large numbers of tourists due to its beautiful lakes and the ability to see the villages with its location not long.
In this regard, MEMRIWU clarified that this strike will not affect the public who use the Ambulance 108, as usual the public can use it in case of illness.
Here, it is specified that the Recruitment Year shall be the Calendar Year in which the recruitment is made, which shall be from 1st January to 31st November. December, of the year in which the application was made.
The increase of price of S.K.Oil is in every fortnight.
In March 1998, after Minister RL Tariang had visited the works after a meeting with the officers, we went to Wah Lukha, on the road to Silchar, East Jaintia Hills.
“After the investigation, we have not received any evidence that they have arrested anyone involved,” said Bah Donald.
The DS urged the Jowai Municipal Board to set up vehicles or trailers in those areas where there is a lot of garbage collection by setting a time limit so that the market dwellers can know.
Other reports said that police have seized T.17 lakh from Umtyrnga, East Jaintia Hills.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 20 : U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Meghalaya on Friday inaugurated and cut the ribbon of the Community Resource Centre. (CRC) at Mawranglang Laikyntoit Village in the presence of Carness Sohshang, MDC, W. Biam, MCS, MSC, MSC, I. Lawrynniang, MSC, BDO Mawkyrwat. C&RD Block together with other elders of the village.
This destruction of agriculture cannot be ignored and should be blamed on the Ministry of Agriculture which wants to import foreign seeds to destroy the seeds that are not available in this area.
The reason is because God is Holy.
He said that Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit President Rangbah of the Seng will be present on the occasion. Therefore, the party invites all the Village Authorities, Sengbhalang Leaders and others. Leaders of various political parties to attend the ceremony.
The union said that if the government does not take action on this issue, the union will not hesitate to take other jobs.
He said the department under his supervision will launch a project in Guwahati for this purpose where the government will run 10 buses on methanol and the fare will be only T.22 per kilometre.
The Chief Commissioner, CGST, Customs and Central Excise, Guwahati, Yogendra Garg, Zonal Head of Indirect Taxes in the North East was the chief guest at the programme.
Shillong: Amita R Sangma, who was shot dead on 8th November 2018, along with her son Agnes Kharshiing, today lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya High Court against her. Agnes, in which both of them were seriously injured in the incident.
“We have a lot of produce, not like in Mizoram, only siej and biscuits,” he said.
Earlier, Bah KP Pangiang of Rambrai had resigned from the post of MDC after the government passed the Prevention of Disqualification Act, month of November last year.
Nagaland won nine gold, four silver and 10 bronze medals while Tripura won two gold, seven silver and seven bronze medals.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Wanshan Kharkrang, Environmental Engineer, MSPCB, said that the cleanliness of the village is the spirit of the villagers. settle down to make a difference.
After this, they held a flag raising ceremony at Ladweitang.
The lack of access to DD SHILLONG on DTH connections like DISHTV and TATA Sky has affected the people of the state as well as in the rural areas as it is available on cable TV networks in the city.
At the same time, he said the CoMSO supports the demand of the NEIPF to hold a special session and take a decision to demand ILP in the state.
He feels that this is because of the teaching methods, syllabus of universities in India which are not comparable to other parts of the world.
On this occasion, Ms C.Dkhar said that the main task of the District Legal Service Authority is to provide services to the poor and needy in the society. She said that the DLSA will monitor the implementation of various government schemes implemented in accordance with the law. by various agencies, so that it benefits those who really deserve the benefits.
Previous investigation found that the Nigerian could not produce his passport or visa.
Police have also set up patrols around the places where the Puja is held and have installed CCTV cameras. for the sake of Bread of the Hindu religion.
Besides the night curfew, the order from the DC's office of EKH has also clarified that the entry and exit of people from one state to another has been banned and the shops that will open will be only a few shops recognized by the government and They should be open only at the times specified by the district authorities.
Even today, after more than 70 years of his card, he is still doing this job because it is a job that he enjoys.
If the schemes are implemented without a proper plan, it will delay Meghalaya for 30 years.
“I will take on my new responsibility,” said Goyal, who will be the Commissioner of Taxes.
On the other hand, Bah Larry urged the residents to take advantage of this opportunity before it expires.
On the other hand, the army considers the flag raising of ISIS in Kashmir as a matter of great concern and needs to be given great attention.
“We have also discussed the demand for a salary increase for SSA teachers, and we have decided that this issue will be considered by the Education Commission, when they have appointed it,” he said.
The Incident Response System (IRS) comprises an Incident Commander and a team from the Operations, Planning and Logistics Sections under the leadership of the Responsible Officer (RO). the Deputy Commissioner of the district.
Speaking to reporters, the party leaders said that the arrival of Bah Batskhem will help the party to do well in the upcoming elections.
Therefore, the Union has requested the MeECL department to take immediate action regarding the problem of the residents of the area due to the lack of electricity and to appoint a full lineman to the area to provide them with electricity. If there is no action from the village leaders together with the villagers, the villagers will come out to demand that the MeECl department should provide electricity to the area.
“Now that the Executive Committee of KHADC no longer belongs to the Congress Party, and the MDCs who took part at that time are no longer in power, especially when the CEM is also the leader. Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA, MDC, who also defeated Lambor Malngiang and me in the MLA election in 2008 by raising the issue of uranium mining, those All those who are still trapped in the thought that the Rs 20 crore is with me, have now been able to seize all the documents in the KHADC and know the truth whether that Rs 20 crore is with me or not. “It's all a joke,” said HS Shylla.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has rejected the government's proposal to relocate 342 households of the Harijan Colony from Them, Mawlong Market, to the land of the Shillong Municipal Board. SMB).
The study said that the virus could have entered humans through a pangolin sold in the Wuhan market, or from lymbit that had escaped from construction sites. medicine in Wuhan, who studied the animals.
Adelbert said the Legislative Assembly should take a joint decision against this Act in order to protect the rights of the indigenous people of the State in relation to land and property.
The fire, which broke out inside the shop, was extinguished by the Byrnihat Fire Brigade who were able to prevent it from spreading to other nearby shops.
“It is well known that the Congress is a party that has been involved in all kinds of corruption and has gradually declined until it has disappeared without sight and has stopped only with promises and promises. public.
Prestone Tynsong said that Bah Vincent should not make such statements because these statements are wrong and the people judge a person only by the words he speaks. Bah Vincent's speeches are only speeches in the kingdom and before he speaks he should think first and then speak again and when he speaks he should not speak as he sees but he should speak with understanding so that the people of the state may also understand it.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: In preparation for the mid-term MDC and MLA elections 2018, KHNAM has set up its Election Committee and the Chairman of the committee is Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit. MDC) and Secretary Thomas Passah.
“So I told them, if you come to the VPP party just for the ticket, it is better for you not to come, because we cannot guarantee that you will get the ticket,” he said. party supporters to cooperate with the leaders.
In the first semifinal between Khliehmyntriang and Moosiang Lamare Old, the winner of Khliehmyntriang was decided in extra time.
“We expect that by November it will get the approval, if we get it it will be a great joy especially for the four villages,” said the MDC. Pathaw congratulated the government officers involved in the JJM scheme, who have taken the initiative to introduce it into the SLSSC. Tongkhar, Minister in charge of PHE and especially the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, who took action after the Rangbah Shnongs approached him.
After the KSU saw that the Khasi youth are very talented in these sports as we have witnessed in the past that the Jaidbynriew has produced stars like Kong Linza Syiem, Bah Torak Kharpran and others.
The soh is very similar to the soh khyllah, and perhaps it is only one species.
On the other hand, the group said that the main demands of the workers are adequate salary, payment for those who work overtime and other payments. they still have to get.
“It would be better to advise their MLAs that if the government is willing to improve and renew the reservation policy, it should abolish the reservation policy by agreeing that both the reservation policy Khasi Jaintia and Garo will be 80% regardless of whether they belong to any other ethnic group.
Aryan Borah scored 3/45 (8/72), while Aaron Nongrum scored 1/6 and Rajput (1/22).
If we look closely at the story of the Umngot River called 'blei' and if we don't understand the meaning of the god, there was something that the ancients based on the meaning of the god or the goddess. I'm holy to you.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries may send a letter to the District Grievance Redressal Officer. They can submit their complaints to the Complaint Box set up at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Mairang. Khasi Hills District (SDPRO, Mairang).
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The opening ceremony of the Meghalaya House in Kolkata will be held soon at Russell Street.
In the tie-breaker, Udanta of India and Abdullah of Kuwait shot out of the goal in the first half.
On the part of the HYC Sengkmie, we are deeply saddened by the passing away of Bah Cheristerfied Thangkhiew.
“I don't have the hope of winning in East Jaintia Hills.
At 10.30 pm, Rev.HS Dann gave a message from the Bible from Isaiah 59:8
"Modi also said that for the BJP, 'the country is greater than the party'
The farmers of Ri Bhoi are the main suppliers of soh and jhur as well as food items to many parts of the state and abroad as well.
After receiving an order from the authorities to close down the shop, the KHADC police on Tuesday left for Laban to investigate. Prodipta Khongwir's shop was closed.
By the end of November, the ECD Mission has been able to produce documents on how to run the work of the Mission which will be distributed to the villages of Meghalaya so that they can be assisted. Jowai, Nailur 05 : The JSU today issued a written statement to the people, village leaders and self-help groups to conduct the activities of the ECD. to the Minister of State, Amapreen Lyngdoh to demand the deletion of the name of one of the foreigners who misused the syrnot shnong to study MBBS from the State Quota. complain to the organization.
He added that many youths who want to participate in the ryngsan whether it is song or dance, their parents cannot support them because of poverty, but they don't find the opportunity to stand on their own feet to work. It is any job just to support their children and to develop their talents.
“We will also hold meetings with other leaders from other constituencies in Ri Bhoi, including MDCs, MLAs, NGO leaders and dorbars in Ri Bhoi,” he added.
Thank you very much. Explain about the benefits of reading. People today need this because they don't understand what they are reading.
When asked by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, he said that the Search Committee has sent the names and there are four candidates on the list for the post of Chairperson.
“Tomorrow if the youth get involved in drugs, alcohol, marijuana and if the youth carry guns, bombs, AK 47s, who will we blame? “I blame this MDA-II Government because it has sacrificed the nation, the future of the youth only with the seat,” he said.
Violence against girls has increased during the years of the Covid-19 pandemic, in 2020 and 2021, and in these years alone, complaints under the Protection of Children Act from The Sexual Offenses (POSCO) Act 2012, has registered 743 cases.
He urged the people to support the NPP if they want to achieve this goal.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District Unit (HNYF) on Tuesday said that it does not accept the explanation of the Executive Member (I/C) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council (KHADC) on the allegation of the KHADC according to the RTI reply after the inspection of the construction of the Traditional and Cultural Center at Jingkieng Kalong recently.
At present, the enrollment in colleges in Meghalaya has exceeded the UGC target. The enrollment could increase under the NEP as colleges will set a target of 3000 students. Here, the picture of the market in colleges will become clearer.
At the same time, the HYC-WKH has questioned the East Jaintia Hills Police Department whether they have been led by TOPCEM until they have not been able to shoot and bomb the protesters who are protesting for the environment and the interests of the people. the owner of the village.
The opening ceremony was attended by RM Kurbah, Secretary, Health and Family Welfare Department, Emy Kharshandi, District Social Welfare Officer, Ri-Bhoi. Laitphlang, President Shillong Press Club and others.
Suddenly, an old woman, wanting to feed her son who was not at home at that time, put the meat well.
Babu J.Darning Stone Lyngdoh (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) in one of his books “I THYMMEI KA LONGBYNRIEW” has written as follows:-Ah! how many lynsher you have.
In a complaint to the Superintendent of Police (SP), Tensim G Momin, Sailus Sangma, resident of Goalsora, who is also the Adviser/Election Agent, has alleged that the Original Documents such as Nomination Papers, Voter ID Transfer Paper and other required documents.
However, in Meghalaya, the number of beneficiaries under this scheme is still very low which is only 23 percent out of 6.32 lakh households in the state.
“Therefore, I don't want to accuse without reason because I know that since Bah Prestone took over, all those high level groups have disappeared from the state,” he said. long as before where the Government was involved.
Therefore, the government will expedite the construction so that the people will not be severely affected”.
Reviewing the CCTV footage of the incident on Sunday, he said, “It is unacceptable in connection with the murder of this child.
On the other hand, the MDC also suggested to the District Council to pass a law to ban the sale and purchase of land among the residents of the state. now the rich people can buy as much land as they want and this will probably one day mean that the poor will not be able to buy even a single foundation of house.
Why doesn't he say that I am wrong and not to mislead the people with lies,” said Dr Mukul.
Twenty-five candidates from various political parties have filed their nomination papers for the District Council elections to be held on the 24th of this month.
After the establishment of the Kudengrim Tourism and Environmental Protection Society (KTEPS), the youth and elderly started building bridges and roads to reach the Amlamar Valley with siej.
After Akbar's lawyer, Senior Advocate Kaustav Paul, filed the complaint in the High Court, the court ordered that a notice be issued to the accused and the hearing will be held. again on January 11, 2023.
The GNLA has admitted that it released him after finding that there was nothing against the BDO. Earlier, the MSC officers had decided to hold a strike across the country. Shillong, November 4: The Jaintia National Council (EJNC&WJNC) has investigated the misuse and sale of GI pipes in the country. Jaintia Hills District, which has the seal of PHE.GOM, has urged the PHE authorities to send an inquiry by the CBI. only for the needs of the people of the villages and townships and cannot be sold or bought.
Sanjay Syndai and Ferby Syndai from Muktapur and Ency Shadap, President of HANM East Jaintia Hills, were arrested on that date. and Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the EJNC, together with their group, entered Lakroh village and shot and beat the VDP villagers along with threatening the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong of the village. Lakhro.
“The government's payment of salaries to non-government teachers once every three months is no longer appropriate in this modern age.
From the beginning, trees provide all your needs such as food, clean air, shelter, medicine and many others.
At the same time, all members of the JSU are requested to be prepared for this programme, said a statement from Ma Emperor Bareh, General Secretary, JSU. CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, today said that he has proposed to the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to have a clear boundary between the two ADCs. ).
• The knowledge to store our vaccines at more than 29,000 cold chain points and to deliver these vaccines to remote areas without facing any major problems.
Therefore, U Nongsaiñ Hima has tried to gather information on the number of commercial vehicles in the town.
Shillong, Naitung 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Islamic Library and Information Center at Laban.
He said that there are cases where the village authorities interfere with the work of the police or the district authorities as well. Rangbah Shnong, to give any approval or to expel any person from any Shnong, according to their own discretion.
The tournament was held as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Independence and the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India.
As the Minister of Home Affairs, he said that dozens of Border Out Posts and Police Stations have been sanctioned during the Lahkmen period. the “I will begin to unravel all this” moment.
“The NPP-led MDA government is a government that listens to the voice of the people in bringing and accepting the Innerline Permit (ILP) resolution even though it has not yet been implemented. “It is in the hands of the Home Ministry of the Union Government but it is the MDA government led by the NPP that has brought it about”.
However, there has been a problem in the supply of coal and it is up to the state government to help resolve this issue.
Regarding this sign inside the public health centre, the SSRBHH, has strongly condemned and demanded that the authorities should remove the sign completely.
In a statement, the District Magistrate said that child marriage is illegal and against the rights of children and there is an urgent need to protect their childhood.
The Chief Executive Members said that this issue was raised on 22nd July 1974 by the United Khasi and Jaintia District Council and they demanded that the boundary should be fixed according to the notification issued in .
Bateidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, was the chief guest while Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare, was the second chief guest.
In the second leg, Ladlaboh beat Salaroh 6-0
Besides, the Minister said that the government has also decided to strengthen the police station at Mukroh.
More than 50,000 people were left homeless, more than 10,000 houses were damaged and destroyed.
In the Khasi language, any person who has a mental illness is called stupid.
Speaking at a meeting held at Huroi, former President of KSU Huroi Unit, Bah Poly Pohlong, expressed his regret over the actions of the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District in the past. The residents demanded the land fee because they gave land to build a signboard on the border, in which the union also stood with the residents, he said that at that time there was a heavy dispute. between the land owners and the district authorities because the land owners have demanded land fee and it was also said that the land owners have not received all the land fee and until now they have received only 40 percent.
He said that as of now, the government will examine how to do this and will give the right shape in the coming days.
In addition, the character replaced by 'ng' is a phonetic alphabet included in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which is only for Latin characters. was prepared in the nineteenth century to correct the sounds of those letters.
The Darrang Tourist Spot now has special staff to provide emergency assistance called Lifeguards and the public can find these staff if necessary when they come to Darrang.
Zoramthanga himself was defeated.
Member of Parliament Kanimozhi Karunanidhi handed over free land plots to the families of 73 poor persons with disabilities and 17 persons of all genders in K Sundaresapuram. Vilathikulam in the presence of the Minister of Social Welfare and Women Empowerment, Geetha Jeevan.
It is one of the insects that, if they enter the human body, infect the area (blister beetle).
The interview date is on the 17th for Assistant Teacher (Arts) BA, BEd, on the 18th for Assistant Lecturer in Biology (MSc (Botany, Zoology), BEd and on the 19th of March for Assistant). Lecturer in Chemistry (MSc (Chemistry), BEd.
In the past 15 years, the government has been encouraging farmers to change their farming methods and try other varieties of seeds.
Meanwhile, the Korean team, which is the strongest team of the tournament, has won 4 gold, 1 silver and 2 bronze medals to take first place in the medal table and China came second with 4 Gold and 3 Bronze medals.
It starts from Nongstoiñ to Mawdumdum at a distance of only 49 kilometers.
Kyrmen Shylla will be in charge of South West Garo Hills, Banteidor Lyngdoh will be in charge of East Garo Hills, Hamlet Dohling will be in charge of West Jaintia Hills and Samlin Malngiang will be in charge of East Jaintia Hills.
Children, young people and young people, I urge you to walk in the right path, to speak and act and to speak and tell others with good manners and also to listen to them. The discipline of your parents will build up your character.
Ramesh Pokhriyal ‘Nishank’ – Minister of Human Resource Development1
The youngster from India has been included in the First XI of the Indian team in the final of the SAFF U16 Women's Championship 2024 against Bangladesh. They lost 3-2 on penalties on Tuesday.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 12,759, with 10,824 still infected and 1,514 recovered.
In the video, one of the soldiers shouted, "'Commander, the commander's dead!'
Rhembor Galmen Saibon, Vice President of HYC, Sengkmie, Bha Hercules Suting, Secretary of HYC Ri Bhoi District, Jayson Lennox Nongrum, Vice President of HYC Ri Bhoi District were present at the ceremony. HYC in Ri Bhoi, Mission Tron, President of the Ri Bhoi Youth Council (RBYC) and others.
It was only after the decision of the Hon'ble High Court that teachers could start appearing again in the public service.
He said that about 15 villages have been affected by the collapse of houses and flooding due to the heavy rains on July 16 and 17,
The song Summer of 69 is by the world famous singer Bryan Adam.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today informed the public that the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District is looking for volunteers to become volunteers at the Corona Care Centers located at Kiang Nangbah Government College and St. .Aloysius Hospital, Ummulong.
There are also employees and their residences in the farm, which since previous years has been managed by the Agriculture Department and all the employees in the farm fall under the management of the office.
Speaking on the occasion, the Sordar of Jongksha, Bah O Kharsohnoh, said that the price of synsar is now only T.30 per kilo while the cost of cultivation is not less than T.40-50 per kilo. kilos when counting total.
Judging from all sides, it can be said that what happened at Massah-Meribah is more likely to happen again in some parts of Ri Bhoi.
“My goal is to advocate for the preservation of customs and traditions, to preserve the land, to strengthen the administration of Hima, Raid, Shnong and Dong,” he said.
The Union has demanded from the district administration, the government especially the urban development department to find ways and means to solve this problem in relation to the garbage and to provide a suitable place that will last longer and be safe. human health and the environment.
This thought shook his mind.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that the government has set up the Food Processing Department and through this it will assist those who want to start businesses in this field. claim.
I am also convinced that almost all our leaders in the past knew how to speak Hindi or any of the native languages ​​of India.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said the Cabinet meeting has decided to provide assistance to those people affected by the floods according to the circumstances.
“The Odisha Fire Service will continue to pump the water and it is expected that after five hours, the situation in the coal mine will be known,” the report said.
This decision was taken at the general meeting held at Tahkhniang Tuber on the 19th of November.
To correct the error and to cancel the rules of the Syiem, the letter of confirmation shall be approved by the Governor within 15 days. To cancel the rule that all complaints against the Syiem or against the rulers from the Dorbar Kur , Raid Dorbar or Shnong Dorbar shall be brought before the Legislative Assembly, the Pyllun Dorbar and the Hima Dorbar within 30 days.
Until the investigation is completed, the union demands that the Human Resource Development (HRD) department should no longer appoint an irresponsible person.
One is a book in which are written all the sins that people have committed while they were alive on earth.
“Those who came to disrupt the public hearing last month, did not go even once to other places to see and see for themselves whether it is right to stay calm if this company mines.
Appealing to the supporters to work hard for him, he said that he appeals to the supporters to be firmly established, not to be deceived or deceived anywhere.
“He said that if the UDP does not give him the ticket, he will not back down but will continue because he does not want to upset the leaders and supporters who have worked together.
The Seng hopes that many such intellectuals and elders will emerge for the sake of the cause and the life and death of the nation.
“Regarding the protest programmes, we are still waiting for the government to call for a table to discuss our issues.
The distance from Tura to Mahendraganj is only 50 km and the government has agreed to allocate funds for the construction of this project.
It affects our own lifestyle :- There are many elderly people who are proud that they are famous people and who are worthy to lead as longkni in the lives of their children. , forgetting that the authority and honor which they have over their children, has been taken away and taken away by the mother of their children in their own marriage. their own children.
ELISA tests in the state are available only at NEIGRHIMS and Civil Hospital, Shillong-Sentinel Lab.
He thanked the police for helping to set up 264 Police Radio Stations to ensure that all election officials can be contacted.
He said that in the last three days, more than 300 youths have come from Manipur.
Six winners have been selected to qualify for the State Level Chess Tournament to be held in Ribhoi District on the 21st and 22nd of this month.
Especially since the Bible Society was founded in 1804, hundreds of thousands of Bibles have been distributed worldwide.
Others who resigned this evening were Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Information and Broadcasting and Ravi Shankar Prasad, Minister of Information Technology.
Officer, Byrnihat Veterinary Dispensary, Ribhoi and District Training Officer, AH&Vety, Vocatone Training Centre, Manai I/C Cattle Market.
Well done, May God bless you.
The task of the Commission is to advise the Government on schools and colleges, the grading of teachers, the salaries of teachers, the management of schools and colleges and the measures to be taken to improve them. All these factors prevent the department from running smoothly and implementing the National Education Policy 2020 and the State Education Policy in the right manner”.
He said that during the meeting, it was informed to the Prime Minister that the government should clarify the boundary between urban and rural areas as it is not clear at present.
In these days, there will be thunderstorms, thunderstorms and heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
Shillong: The newly appointed Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, Bah Kentli Tangsang, has expressed his strong opposition to the football ground of Raid Lyngkhat. Lyngkhat village, which is also on the border with Bangladesh, will fall under the country after the Indian government has started erecting shiah signs in these areas.
The farewell program was held by the officers and employees of the DC Office today at Trysem Hall.
Rymbui said he is confident that the Task Force can complete its work within the stipulated timeframe and whatever the government wants, it can be done.
Rev Dr.HH Mohrmen said that there are many laws to protect the hills and rivers but sadly the implementation of these laws is poor.
The drivers of these two vehicles fled the scene as soon as they saw the BSF troops and left the vehicle and goods behind.
In this regard, the government should take care so that the talks do not stop halfway but until the goal of mutual understanding is reached by all three sides.
Mairang, Nailur 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills, Bah Gideon Kharmawphlang, should ban all the fishing competitions in the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Shillong Municipal Board (MB) has written a letter to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to ban the market dwellers from dumping garbage. to the National Green Tribunal (NGT) if the Syiem does not believe in this.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District on 23rd of this month has imposed Section 144 CrPC to curb any incident which could affect the peace and order after the residents of the neighboring area. The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has protested against the construction of a new garbage dump near Sohphoh village.
Most of the illegal items were seized during the raids, a spokesman for the investigation team said.
Edmund Khongngai said that the smuggling of goods into Bangladesh from the Riwar area on the border with Bangladesh is surprising that the law enforcement agencies have not done anything about it especially at this time. that the government is still vigilant against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Ardent said that one should be wise when electing leaders based on one's policies but one should immediately reject candidates who throw and deceive with money because the vote of the people is precious. 500 or 1000 tyngka is better than the 500 or 1000 tyngka they pay you.
It is also prohibited to carry eight cows as this river is a tourist spot, which can pollute and damage the riverbanks.
Concluding the discussions, the union said that through the cleanliness activities, the state will also generate income by attracting tourists from all over the world and places, and will also create job opportunities. get jam.
PFR took the lead by two goals in the first half but NEUFC turned the tide in the second half.
Therefore, we have directed the Urban Affairs Department to prepare the detailed proposals,” he added.
China has not only killed 20 Indian soldiers, but has already blocked the flow of the river, which flows into India.
In 1997, 1998, and 1999, the group also attacked Christians in Gujarat, killing, destroying schools, shops, places of worship, and destroying churches. .
Others who witnessed the event included Bah Marchborn Syiem, Member of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtluh, Kong T.Syiem, Syiem Sad of Raid Nongtluh, B.Mallai, President of NEFA and other leaders of the region.
A rally was also conducted by the Traffic Department in various parts of the city as part of the training of people and drivers.
Rowel's reply was to a question raised by UDP MLA Paul Lyngdoh who wanted to know whether the government intends to repeal the ordinance.
Therefore, the DC's office has issued an order that those who organize such a fishing competition must get permission from the DC's office otherwise it will be a violation of the law.
On the other hand, Bah Macmillan said that he is happy to know that Bah Hamlet will contest from the NPP in the upcoming elections.
Shillong, Lber 3: A GNLA cadre identified as Chadam Ramed A Marak alias Mad and Chitmang has surrendered to the police today. 22 years old, 22, from Taidang, Nachi Chiring, South Garo Hills.
They, Harsh Mohta, 25, and Vivek Dhar, 25, died while swimming in the Lyngksiar River, 5 km from Sohra.
In the complaint of HANM, the DC's office has sent back people to inspect the area, where they have ordered that there is a clash and at this time the Basan of Raid Mawlieh. They showed me a document which acknowledged that this land of the Tymsen is the land of Bah Blah.
Salary:- Rs.45,000/- per month.
They also explained that if the government doesn't think, it is a loss of hope not only for the youth, but for the parents who have supported their children and spent money, more. Besides, the card they have doesn't have any hope, because it's old and old.
Among those who sing Christmas songs, there are those who know God and those who sing and dance with the help of alcohol and drunkenness.
He said this in response to a report by the North East Sunshine Trust (India) which was registered in Shillong in 2022 and has its headquarters in Kensington, Kynton-U. Mon, Lad Cream.
MPCC President and Shillong MP Vincent H Pala has said that the Congress can win up to 37 seats in the upcoming MLA elections.
The residents of the village expressed their desire to join Meghalaya and demanded the release of those who have been arrested for demanding money according to the allegations of those who want to join Meghalaya. Assam The OC of Boko Police Station promised to look into the matter and the release will be in accordance with the rules of law.
The Beat Prod was released by Dezanz Ronhaluz.
The Seng congratulates the Minister of Agriculture, who has taken immediate action and this shows that he is a Minister who understands the problems of the people.
Khliehriat, June 12: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) Eastern Zone Bench (NGT) has strongly criticized the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board for giving time to the illegal coke factories in East Jaintia Hills District. Pynbait Sutnga, Secretary, ECC Sutnga District.
At the meeting, the reply they received was that on the 9th November 2022, the session of the State Legislative Assembly will start and they will submit their report on the first day. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has requested that they be allowed to continue until the State Legislative Assembly sits.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister congratulated the MLA for his ability to bring together all the problems faced by the people.
One of the most important themes is that we have been slow to introduce our own ideas.
However, it is learned that both of them have the same voice and have reached an agreement in which Bah Edar has withdrawn his application to allow Bah Shylla to contest. MDC election in Nongkrem.
“The road has become like a fish farm in the middle of the road, the road has only large wells filled with water, especially in the areas where there are bridges, the damage has been severe until “It is no longer possible for vehicles to travel in the Narpuh area,” said Bah Suchiang.
Shillong: The Congress in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today filed a no confidence motion against the Executive Committee headed by CEM Teinwel Dkhar.
I think the time will come when people will know about Batei.
Many schools have publicly reported the failure of students in all classes even in the Half Yearly Examination.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Meghalaya government has decided to exempt some parts of the state from the curfew.
They are all from Oragitok village but police have not seized any weapons.
Lajong will prepare for another home match against Aizawl FC on the 10th of this month.
The third prize went to Khroo Meda Dkhar of KJP Synod Mihngi High School, Jowai.
The term Sanatana dharma is a term used to describe the religious practices of Hindus, regardless of racial differences.
During the meeting with the Minister, the woman expressed her concern about the scheme as she has received only T.60,0
We also saw that the people around the country were orderly and peaceful during the absence of this party and especially during the speech of Bah Ardent who is the President of the Party.
On the 23rd of this month, the police registered a case against the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). The households on the allegation that these people are illegal residents of Lum Survey.
He said that on the 25th, Laban Police Station received a complaint that a Pulsar 150 (ML05-V-0993) was stolen from Lower Harisabha, Laban.
In these days, there has been a complaint about the decline of the rule of law, where there is no longer a fair, just and orderly rule of law.
They said that they will soon meet the CEM of KHADC to demand the inclusion of Lam Bhoi or Shaw Bhoi and Ring bia in the Act. Act (Amend) so that the Bhoi children can also get their rights according to the customs and traditions accepted since ancient times in Ri Bhoi.
A glass of water and a little salt can carry a little potassium and form a mineral essential for the health of the blood pressure, kidneys, muscles and bones.
Shillong: Out of the 99 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 40 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and out of these, 26 cases are high risk contact, 8 ILI cases, 1 health worker and 4 returnees.
However, she was attacked by these people who tried to pull her into the vehicle which caused injuries.
The bodies were sent for post mortem at Mendipathar PHC with video footage as directed by the National Human Rights Commission.
Jowai, June 20: The leaders of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) under the leadership of President Rikut Parien have met with the CEM of JHADC, Thombor. Two demands have been demanded by the JHADC, namely on the production of the complete Pnar (Jaintia) script and also on the establishment of a market.
The Society for Action in Community Health (SACH) is a group that strives to bring various benefits to rural communities from education, economic development, health, employment. HDFC Bank has provided special funds for the implementation of the group's activities.
Garod in his order said that after the second outbreak of COVID-19 in the district and the state as a whole, the district authorities will have to ensure that there is enough food and beverages in the district.
“In India, which has a population of 125 crore, we have only 15 lakh people.
Shillong, March 20: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, has warned the Rangbah Shnongs of Mylliem Hima not to take part in politics. The Hima Mylliem Act also clearly states that they cannot take part in politics such as campaigning for candidates.
However, what is more shocking is that the Government has not taken into account the feelings of the people.
Shillong: In the last 24 hours, Shillong received 43.3mm, Umiam 36.5mm, Mairang 29.5mm and Barapani 20.4mm.
The match between the two teams ended goalless at the end of the first half.
AIS Suja“When you see these things, know that it is NEAR, at the door".
Nongrum also strongly criticized the lawyer who threatened to implement the MPDA against those who violate the Land Transfer Act because it does not apply to government land or Non Schedule Area.
It is a terrible thing to think when people forget God.
The meeting also saw a demonstration on these resources under the leadership of Arup Chakraborty Junior Engineer, MNREDA, who demonstrated many of the ways and means to benefit from the environment. environment in the state.
They protested that the government has brought in foreign consultant experts who don't know and have never been involved in this work done by hundreds of people in the past. and thousands of years ago when it was passed down to these generations to preserve and maintain these wooden bridges.
Recently, the State President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that 123 candidates have applied for tickets from different constituencies in the state.
The first match of the day was between Thangsning SCC and Friends United CC. Thangsning SCC won the toss and elected to bat first.
In 68 overs, Kishan and Ram managed to take the team to 326 runs before Ram was dismissed for 132 runs (17 fours and one six). that 217 balls).
Similarly, the brother of the Leader of the Opposition and MLA of Rangsakona, Zenith Sangma, has left to provide assistance to the people of his constituency who have suffered from the floods.
Nangkiew Irat opened the scoring through D.Syih in the 18th minute.
The fourth round of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) has been held once again after three years since the outbreak of Covid-1
At the same time, the youth should also invite and invite other youths of the village so that they can work together in various fields to bring about the betterment of the village. whole.
"“The violence in Khartoum and other parts of Sudan began on June 15,
From tomorrow, Russia and Belarus will close their borders to prevent anyone from entering the country.
On this occasion, there was a special award ceremony for the founders of the school, for the women football players who won the Subroto Cup 2016, there were also many entertainment games for the school children, children old school as well as from teachers.
The protest, or #StopHindiImposition and #TNAagainstHindiImposition, has reached 100,000 tweets against the project.
There was also one person trapped inside the vehicle and police are trying to rescue the person inside the vehicle.
About Rs 900 crore will have to be spent by the government if the teachers are recruited.
When they were paid, they brought more and more foreigners to live here and so on.
The venue can be used for public purposes such as holding concerts and will be beautified, she said.
“Shall we enter the same shop?" asked the mother.
Nongstoin, Naitung 15: The Nongstoin Area Development Committee (NADC) has inspected the implementation of the Nongstoin Urban Water Supply Scheme (Package I) at Nongjyllieh village, about 7 km from Nongstoin. M/s Tantia Construction Ltd, Kolkata.
Furthermore, commuters who leave their work late have been stuck for hours in their vehicles where the vehicles have moved only a few inches through the narrow streets of the city.
“This will be a future of darkness if this is done and many parents will lose hope of sending their children to school, especially it will affect our country and nation,” he said.
The judges of the show include Sarah Todd, Australian Masterchef, Ardahun Passah and William Diengdoh.
On behalf of the UDP, the delegation was led by Dr Donkupar Roy, President, Bindo M Lanong, MLA/MDC Metbah Lyngdoh.
E.Mawthoh scored 13' and B.Mawthoh 40' for Nongkrem while G.Kharlyngdoh scored 21', 28', 33' for Sawmer SC. Khriam 87', 89' and T.Syngkli 90', 90+1
As an expert, she told us about the seriousness of this disease.
The Upper Shillong Sports Association (USSS&CA) on Saturday launched the 14th AS Khongphai Memorial Football Tournament 2024 at Nongumlong Stadium.
The face to face conversation doesn't bring anything later,” explained the father.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by Abraham Pohtam, Headmaster of Amlarem Secondary School.
The Opposition has demanded that the Governor should restore the old list of Chairpersons and hold another vote on the issue, which has been brought up demanding the resignation of the Speaker of the House with permission. She also demanded that an independent MLA should be allowed to conduct the dorbar for the post of Lamphang due to the resignation of the child Lamphang.
The village leaders also alleged that Bah Ampliwell Thangkhiew and others have been secretly involved in all these activities, because they have obtained NOC from one village and those who intend to set up the shop sell Kyaid. The NOC issued by one village has been implemented in another village.
FKGJP leaders visited the PHC Dangar and found that there were no doctors/nurses or staff at the hospital, but it was opened and after a while another doctor came. Briten Luwang, a Manipuri, and in a meeting with him, the party leaders condemned their stinginess and stinginess in providing treatment to the woman who lost her life.
According to Genesis 1:26-28 and 2:15, God appointed “a man” to be ruler over the Garden of Eden.
In another match, Young Boys (Shnongshoh) beat Muktapur 5-3 in a tie-breaker.
Then she broke into a house and turned near a shop opposite the Fort Departmental Store.
He replied that the opposition is not worried.
The youth was identified as Sandeep Bhuyan, a native of Majuli, Assam. He came to live in Guwahati for a job. They said that the youth has been missing since Saturday night and his whereabouts are unknown until they received news that he was missing. Ri Bhoi Police have recovered a body from Pahamlang 17mer village, Ri Bhoi District.
New Delhi: The Chinese army has written large Chinese or Mandarin characters on the territory of the border with India. the Lake of Ladakh.
Such of our fellow countrymen I am pleased to say that perhaps they are stupid, pious and do not know the liem ka lup or the lar ka kem.
On the other hand, the KJNU urges the authorities to judge who is right and who is wrong so that there will be no more conflict. The Ratacherra Weight Bridge will be closed down if it finds out the truth.
“He said that the Land Port Dawki is a hub of trade and traffic between India and Bangladesh which allows for the transportation of goods and traffic of people, vehicles from one side to the other. the border of these countries.
Police have arrested two suspects, Daruis Pakem, 19, of Moolaitbri Sumer, East Jaintia Hills. the name because he was a child.
Police are investigating the HNLC member to get more information about the party and its activities which could disrupt the society.
The Highland Post has confirmed that the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has confirmed that the UDP stands by the same decision to demand the resignation of UDP. James K Sangma, Minister of State for Power.
Referring to the punishment of the former Governor, Bindo said it is the responsibility of the state government to investigate as it is a criminal act. “This government will punish anyone and everywhere Shan or HDR, when they are the wings of the same bird,” he said.
This news has spread on social media after a letter from the DSP West Garo Hills to the Police Station has been stolen and someone has taken a picture and posted it on social media in Garo Hills. The GNLA has revived and frightened the people of Garo Hills because after facing many hardships and sufferings during the time when the GNLA was strong, Garo Hills is now in peace and stability. and the people came and went, and walked, and stood still, and no man disturbed them.
He said that he has stood firm on his position and the fine has not been paid until today which has been reduced to 5,000 tyngka.
Because it does well even in poor soils, it is therefore often called a poor farmer’s plant.
Shillong: U MLA of Mairang Constituency, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the announcement by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to grant a district to Mairang.
On the other hand, the HNYF Bakur Dawki Unit, does not oppose the trade, but the decision should not be taken aside and therefore the HNYF Bakur Dawki Unit strongly opposes this bias in front of the government, and demands that This should be resolved immediately, otherwise the party will take to the streets to block the trade like last year.
The NPP East Jaintia Hills Unit (NPP) has elected and confirmed its office bearers and members on November 15 at Khliehriat in preparation for the Lok Sabha and MDC elections.
U SP East Khasi Hills District Jail today released five UTP vans to transport prisoners under trial at the District Jail in the presence of Bah S Nongtnger SP East Khasi Hills District. and SP Shillong City Vivek Syiem and other police chiefs.
On the same day, the FKJGP has expanded its office in Bhoirymbong Circle and elected the new office bearers of the Bhoirymbong Circle.
We on behalf of the Dorbar Shnong urge the law enforcement authorities to investigate thoroughly to find out the root cause of this incident which has led to the loss of a precious life and injury to others. for thou art a judge.
Shillong: U Process T Sawkmie, MLA from Mawlai Constituency, on Tuesday confirmed that he will leave the Congress party in 2023 and contest from other parties.
If this is the true wish and desire of the people as it appears on social media, our state will undoubtedly bring about a change with a new way of working with new people.
bankhia is a stronghold of something that can no longer be supported.
With the support of the Rangbah Shnong, civil society, as well as many ASHA workers, the march started at the NSCA Playground Pahamsyiem. through Nongpoh Town to the office of the Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi District.
The implementation of these policies will benefit the youth from all over the state as not only in Shillong the youth are talented but also in the rural areas and districts of the state. There are many talented youth in the state but they need guidance to develop their talents. Therefore, the government should understand and look into this so that the talents of the youth will not be lost. long faithfully you are right.
For those who wish to visit, please contact the team management at 94361-11103, 98633-17964 and
How did people live during the 4,200 years? Customs change, people's actions change, some change for the better, some change for the worse, some marry homosexuals, or women-women, or even animals, some slaughter There are those who drink alcoholic beverages, there are those who eat meat.
“The registration of the EOI has been completed and the review of the documents is ongoing,” he said.
Shillong has been crowded with traffic, it has been very sad and in such a situation, it has been seen that these two shaka have come out and they will carry only one person and that The one who walks alone, is much happier, because he can arrive on time, when he goes to different parts of Shillong, but the one who takes children, who goes to need at home or carries too much luggage, he shall not escape the thyngngian and the traffic jam as all the others.
Two drownings occurred in the Umngot River in Moosakhia and Darrang.
In the school we have run, we teach khap shniuh, we teach thayin mula, we teach suh jaiñ and others. one day they will be able to stand on their own feet when they grow up and they will be able to support their families,” he said.
It is a much taller plant than these trees, its height is about 4 to 6 feet.
“It is only a verbal promise and there is nothing in writing.
And any land which has not been renovated, the Raid shall distribute to the children of the raiot who have not yet received a house.
“The survey and other works for the construction of the road have been completed and the detailed project report (DPR) will be prepared for the allocation of funds,” he said. The PWD chief said that the department has no role in the survey but what is needed is to assist the company if necessary.
Ineshabahun Dkhar has won 6 medals (2 Gold Medals, 2 Silver Medals and 2 Bronze). The meeting was held at the Highwinds ground near Thadlaskeiñ Lake, as a sign of encouragement to the youngster to continue her progress in the field of kickboxing.
“May this patriotic spirit of Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh enter the souls of all of us, so that we can achieve many of the dreams of this great man,” said the statement. KHNAM members of the State Youth Wing and members of all units, circles, districts and constituencies extend their condolences to the family of Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh with prayer, may the peace of God be with all the family members and loved ones of this great man.
The directive is for the Political Parties Committee and the Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy of the State according to the demands of various groups and political parties.
The Seng of West Khasi Hills District would like to appeal to the students of West Khasi Hills District to continue to work hard in their studies. Many intellectuals have emerged who will be of benefit to the society in the region and the nation as a whole”.
In the letter, the LRO said that the NCPCP and the Meghalaya government should immediately reject this demand to avoid such incidents but if they do not, there are higher laws.
There has never been an index that looks so comprehensively at socio-economic indicators in India.
“If they get to run the Rajya Sabha, it will be easier for them to bring about any change in the country, but as it is now, they have to work with small parties to support them to vote for government", he added.
I have told you about the promise made by the State Government and the Central Government.
He said that although the Prime Minister has not listened to the demand for Sub Civil Division for Mawsynram, he said that if the BJP can form a government after this election, he will take responsibility to ensure that Mawsynram will get a Sub Civil Division. Sub Civil Division for the purpose of increasing development works in Mawsynram.
The program ended with the awarding ceremony of the beneficiaries.
After hearing about the shortcomings in the village, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that he will provide special assistance to bring about development works in the village.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 06: The Union of Tourist Taxi Drivers of Nongstoiñ, the Union of Tourist Taxi Drivers (UTA) has announced that it will take away the life of (L) Macborn Bonnyson Kharbani, one of the Tourist Taxi Drivers. The Joint Action Committee of Taxi Owners and Drivers Association (TATA) today started erecting flags on all commercial vehicles from Nongstoin to Shillong.
Police also seized a mobile phone, a homemade pistol and a vehicle used to commit robbery.
“It's because you're happy,” said the elderly neighbour.
In fact, intelligent people are more understanding and intelligent than others, but as they become more intelligent, there are many cases where people become more proud and stupid and end up wanting to force themselves to be better than others. .
Also present at the confirmation ceremony were Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MDC, Victor Rani, Umsning MDC, Macdalyne S. Mawlong, Umsning MDC, Rayonald Kharkamni, District President of the NPP, Babu Clement Mawlong and other leaders of the NPYF and NPP from Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters after the 185th death anniversary of Tirot Singh, Marngar said the EIA Act is against the land tenure system in the country. State and which is also against the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
I would like to conclude by urging the government to work with all residents of shops to wear masks, to get vaccinated against Covid-19 and if it is not urgent and necessary not to leave their homes. villages and towns where you live until there is peace again.
They also handed over the medals to the athletes at SAI Centre, NEHU in the presence of MSOA Executive President John F Kharshiing and Vice President Bor Diengdoh.
He said that the members of the HSPDP were very sorry that they were not allowed to speak a word and to ask for an explanation on the decision taken by Bah Ardent.
Noting that India is a country of different religions, where people live together, Bishop Lyngdoh on the other hand, expressed his regret over the wind of hatred, division. , discontent, and strife have spread throughout the land.
He said the meeting decided that MeCEL should ensure the distribution of monthly electricity bill to relieve the people from the problem.
“I have applied for many jobs but I have not received them yet,” said another youth.
The National People's Party (NPP) has been empowered by the Congress party under the leadership of Prestone Tynsong, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. the current Government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
We see that the parents and the youth have forgotten their responsibility & accountability to the family.
The Toll Plaza's plan to implement FASTag on all vehicles to avoid using cash payments failed after strong opposition from commercial vehicle drivers, civil society and others on Tuesday.
Rev. BD Shangdiar, Executive Secretary Mowkaiaw Presbytery, gave a short speech and a special prayer for those who are in need and the families who are suffering from this tragedy.
Of these, 285; 242 cases from East Khasi Hills including 23 cases from Armed Forces and 219 cases from civilians, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 3 cases from North Garo Hills, 21 cases from Ri Bhoi including 5 cases from Armed Forces. and 16 civilians, 2 cases from South Garo Hills, 2 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 10 cases from West Garo Hills including 9 cases from Armed Forces, 1 case from civilian and 3 cases from West Jaintia Hills.
Dr B Decruce said that among those who came forward to be tested for the virus, most of them were women while there were very few men.
Furthermore, the danger has already been felt by the workers in the factories and mining areas, as many foreigners come to smuggle through these in our state.
On 06-07-2023, the Special Judge (POCSO), Nongstoiñ, on the basis of the evidence obtained from the investigation, sentenced Dilshad Nianglang to imprisonment. imprisonment for up to 20 years with a fine of T.30,000 for the offense under Section 6 of the POCSO Act and punishment under Section 506 IPC, imprisonment for a period of 1 year with a fine of T.
May they continue to create beautiful songs and delight the audiences around the world.
Twenty-four hours after the blast in one of the buildings in Marseille, emergency services and police on that day have rescued four people who were injured and killed in the blast. this is the house.
These incidents of shooting and beating especially those of foreigners will destroy the image of the state as a whole. The reason for the CAA and ILP and if the government doesn't do anything, what is happening now will continue to happen and could get worse. They are working in Umshing Mawkynroh.
In his speech, the President of the Unit, expressed his anger at the actions of the Assam police, who shot and attacked the paradoh parasnam who live in Mukroh village, and also strongly condemned the MDA government. , 'which has turned the people in the border areas into 'langkñia' and also the inability to maintain the border of the state'
They were identified as Osei Prince of Ghana, Diarra Habib of Ivory Coast and a Khasi, Maxerick Syiemlieh (19).
Ramsiej urged that as a father of the Hima, he should have a responsibility for his children and not to succumb to the deception of anyone which will cause grief among the children. that thousand.
Earlier, the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah BB Lyngdoh, who had eaten kwai at Duwar u Blei, had won twice against the Hills People Union (HPU) candidate. The UDP, from Laban (former constituency) on the grounds that other ethnic groups who are indigenous people in the state, should elect indigenous parties if they want to live in peace and harmony. .
The MLA of Nongpoh, has allocated the Iing Dorbar under the SRWP scheme at a cost of T.2 lakh, but because it is a village. There is no Iing Dorbar, and his ability to build an Iing Dorbar has been a great joy for the people of this village.
No FPS dealers shall be deducted from the allocation allocated by the Government in connection with the distribution of any food items from NFSA and Non-NFSA. Those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards should be deprived of ration.
The AMC&SA has also informed all contractors in the state that the union will meet with the Commissioner of Income Tax TDS from Guwahati on the 29th of this month at the Income Tax Office Shillong, to discuss the suspension of collection. Income Tax to the citizens of the State.
This has resulted in a 66% increase in production.
Thus the word Baptist became the English and Khasi word for immersion.
And another goal of my own is always what – what is good.
We cannot repay you all for your kindness, but may the God of peace bless you all.
Jowai, Naitung 21 : The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
Assam police have charged them with theft, while in Meghalaya, under Section 144 CrPC, those who violate the law have been charged with theft under Section 188 IPC. “If you don't have the necessary documents to prove that you are the owner of the goods, you will believe that they are stolen goods according to the law,” said one of the police chiefs.
