They are identified as Ngyigide Jamina Okenchukwu (48), Okeke Ifechukwu John (27) and Koman Daniel (21).
After a few days, they left the job.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the District Councils are concerned because the notification clearly states that the CrPC and CPC rules will apply to all. courts in the state.
D.K.Prasad O/C of Sadar P.S together with his team who went on patrol around the city arrested 16 youths including 3 women while they were drinking alcohol and causing trouble in the area. by golflink.
If I get Covid 19, does that mean I don't get sick anymore? 7.
Shillong, June 25: The UDP Umsning Circle has decided at its meeting held on the 21st of this month to support the decision of its MDC Donkupar Sumer to continue to support the UDP Umsning Circle. The Executive Committee of the PDF led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has not yet brought the allegations of corruption to justice.
The Secretary VEC, Pdengshakap, Amlarem Sub-Division has been accused of misusing the 100 days bill under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS).
Roykupar also alleged that the police officer not only shot and bombed, but also threatened.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaïong 11: The Government has announced through the media that in July, the talks will be held to resolve the boundary issues for the seven phase II areas. and the villages in Block I, Block II and Langpih sector.
The Seiñ Raid Mukhap has organized a cultural performance on this day.
In East Garo Hills, there are 8 cases and in East Jaintia Hills, 10 cases.
Fortunately, no one was killed or injured in the incident.
At present, the state government has proposed to provide accommodation to these kharmetor at the office of the Shillong Municipal Board, where they have prepared to build a five-storey house for them. that expensive metor.
The two arrested are the Area Commanders, identified as U Baichung and Jack, who are involved in terrorist activities in the city.
“The DGP and SP, Tura should be suspended immediately for their incompetence in fulfilling their duties – it has put the life of the Minister at risk. The Rangbah Shnong also thanked the lives of many of the people who took part in the meeting.
These 15 students of the school were unable to write the examination on 24th October 2022 due to lack of Admit Cards.
He headed home but the Punjab goalkeeper couldn't save in the 45th minute.
The team will be headed by Larihun Warjri as coach, assistant coach Bashisha Rani and manager Jessica T Sangma.
If such a disaster happens, the small paid in the North East will suffer a lot unless all these young people start taking Hindi as one of their subjects until Class .
The government has appointed 290 Jugali and there are hundreds more whom the government has promised to appoint in phase II and III. nailar, 2017.
Swastic Chettri (10 not out) and Sharma (2 not out) put a halt to the slide but Meghalaya will have much to do on the third day tomorrow.
How often do NGOs meet the right partner groups! For us, that's Lenovo.
Furthermore, in order to bring peace and stability to the people in the border villages and also to promote development works, these village leaders said that they will continue to provide such cooperation from the border villages. to work better to improve the income, economic development and peace and stability of the people in these villages bordering the Raid Nongtung.
“We understand that in the past years, the police station has needed to be repaired and improved but the lack of funds has created problems and therefore, this has affected badly. “It's the work of the Police Department to provide services to the people,” he said.
Mawlai SC have qualified for the semi final of the Shillong Premier League after beating Shillong Lajong FC 5-0 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday. SSA Polo Stadium, Shillong.
When Rupang visited the family, it saw its children playing on the ground floor with their clothes. They asked the mother whether she had sent them to school. She said that she doesn't have the money to send her children to school. Although she has a school, she said that her 12-year-old daughter cannot go to school because she has to look after her brothers. otherwise the mother would not be able to go to the house.
How can we protect our land and our nation? It is only to enforce the strong laws of that country or kingdom.
He said that the Government of Meghalaya should implement the order of the Finance Department to bring to the rank of Semi Skilled those who have worked for more than 5 years as muster roll.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 23: It is the first time in West Khasi Hills that a case of African swine flu has been confirmed in Tiehsaw village, just 10 km from Nongstoiñ town.
Shillong: U Bah SP Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Youtuber Association of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Youtuber Association of Meghalaya will give 48 hours to the Meghalaya government to restore the internet. The High Court has ruled against the Meghalaya government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
There are many Lower Primary Schools in the state without teachers for six months to two years.
This doesn't agree with the truth...?? Kulmar to Ichamati closes the Khasi Hills.
Through this programme, the police have been able to talk and train these children, how to take care of themselves, during domestic incidents, on crimes against children and women, so that they can avoid evil and wickedness with others.
On the other hand, the Minister said that peace and order will return to Manipur through the cooperation and support of the people.
The Commissioner and Secretary, Pravin Bakshi in the presence of other officers of the department also gave a briefing.
Some of the subjects under the Holistic Child Development Program include: Learning Enhancement: Here they use teaching methods to enhance the learning of children and to instill a spirit of interest in them. to seek knowledge of many things.
Roy was accompanied by Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and his Cabinet.
The registration for the UDP will end on the 20th of this month, and the verification of documents on the 21st, while the deadline for withdrawal of nominations is on the 24th of this month.
Rupang spoke to Samuel Jyrwa, President of the North East Students Organization (NESO) on the issue. They will no longer have the right to vote, the right to employment and so on.
The ED on Thursday filed a 200-page chargesheet along with charges against him under many sections of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
It is learned that the Kudam, which stores many kinds of food items, including Khaw, Dai, Umphniang bam, Refine, Atta, Moida and others, has burnt down and turned into fire. they were destroyed in the terrible fire.
Some of the films that will be screened are Head Hunter (from Arunachal Pradesh), Dau Huduni Methai (Bodo), Phum Zhang, Manipuri film Loktak Lake, Kadambari (Bengali), Ore Udal (Malayalam), Katyar Kalyat Ghusali (Marathi) and Bajrangi Bhaijan will also be screened.
The reason for their disagreement is that they just read the heading, and those who believe that only the school can judge and decide who is stupid and who is wise.
The X-Men actor will star in Deadpol 3 with Ryan Reynolds and it was Ryan who suggested to Hugh to take action to think about how to lose weight for the film. bun bha that you are blessed.
We have seen that it is a Khar Sikh from Punjab who has come to invade our State.
A total of 47 policemen have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of policemen confirmed positive in Assam to jem from the disease.
Recently, the Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the Congress will send letters to all the political parties in the MDA to urge them to form a single government. Because the state government under the leadership of the NPP has destroyed the entire state.
“I urge the government to increase the tax to 15 tyngka, because 90% of the share is given to the state by the central government and if the government is to collect the tax, it should be only 10% but the government has increased the tax because the government wants to confuse the people and drivers.
In the afternoon, three rongs were brought to the Slot Masi Square and then placed in the Holy Land.
It is a sudden incident that has been witnessed in the state, with petrol stations which have tried to control the crowd from 6 pm onwards because the vehicles that were parked in line have filled petrol in the state. their cars.
The new MotoGP season in Portugal is underway and Dorna chief executive Carmelo Ezpeleta, who is also the sport's promoter, has expressed his intention to promote the sport. India and Kazakhstan as well.
He said that he has already sent a letter of resignation to the party leaders in the state, but they have not received any response from them. “They should come to the media to announce their withdrawal and they are no longer part of the TMC,” he added.
Two of the 30 passengers were airline employees, it was announced today.
After about three months of the new Legislative Assembly for the term 2023 to 2028, the Legislative Assembly has finally elected the Leader of the Opposition, when the Speaker appointed Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh as Leader. of Opposition.
“The Question Hour is very important and therefore the abolition of the Question Hour is inappropriate,” said Choudhary.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong 12: A 6 month old child has died and his mother has been seriously injured by the burning of her body parts. apartment.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah kynsing Lynshiang, one of the elders of the area, expressed his regret to see that the farmers are facing many problems regarding the inability of the government to give special recognition. to the farmers.
This statement is contrary to the belief that social media, the internet and mobile technologies contribute to mental health.
Therefore, to have a fully qualified team in various sports, the selection of players including men and women in athletics from U-16, U-18, U-23 and Above-23 and football for men under 21 years old.
The Seng also suggested that in order to cooperate with the Village Authorities, the office should convene a meeting with all the Rangbah Shnongs or Secretary Shnongs on this disease so that they can raise awareness and prevent the spread of this disease. you are sick.
The United States also said that South Korea has now received US support with powerful nuclear weapons to fight the threat posed by North Korea in these days.
Bangladesh President Abdul Hamid will arrive in Shillong tomorrow for a visit to Balat, on the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border.
Therefore, the District Magistrate and District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District has enacted Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the holding of any protest by any individual or group within the District.
The Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rainfall in Shillong and Umiam cities till 2.30 pm today.
Participants can send their name, age and address via SMS or WhatsApp to 8258898775 or via e-mail to meghalayachess@yahoo.com.
He said that the demand for ILP has been long overdue as it has already been approved in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Shillong Lajong FC have expressed their hope of scoring three points in the I-League against Lajong FC today. NEROCA FC will play at the 1st Ground of SSA, Polo at 2 pm.
The GOC-in-C Eastern Command congratulated all the troops of the 101 Area for their hard work for India.
Shillong, June 06: The Examination Controller of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has announced that the examination scheduled for 11th June 2022 in the subject Computer Science/Informatics Practice has been postponed to 14th June 2022 due to the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
“We want to ensure that the District Council will be strong, we don't want to contest the MLA elections, so that through the MDCs we can work freely because we don't need the government anymore because we don't have MLAs. you're autonomous," he said.
Shillong: There have been 97 new cases of covid-19 in the state today, of which 93 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, including two soldiers and 91 civilians.
Titos said that the memory of Bah Bring has a good reason, as the nation has produced many leaders, but Bah Bring is a great thinker and as it is until now no one has been honored. within the state to be united in thought with this great man.
Speaking to media on the thanksgiving ceremony held at Polo Ground today, Bah Basaiawmoit said that regarding the public meeting after the last elections, the party will continue to strengthen the party. and the presence of the party will be expanded throughout the Khasi Hills.
You can also cross the Wahrew, one of the cleanest rivers in Khasi Jaintia.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19 : The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) on Monday strongly condemned the allegation of rape by the Assistant Sports Director of NEHU, Nantu Das. one referee.
Various speakers at the rally, expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's failure to respond to the demands of the teachers in the state until they had to leave the classrooms.
Without any written notice and without any suspension, the incumbent Rangbah Shnong has been serving for more than 10 years while the term of office of the JHADC is 3 years.
However, he said that although the government cannot prepare this allocation because it may affect the budget, but it can help in this regard through the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) and The Special Urban Works Program (SUWP) to address this issue.
The short screening of Papon's films was screened at the India Pavilion during the March du Film to celebrate the heritage of films in Assam.
Kennedy Dondor Richmon Dunai, is one of the Khasi students who led the Khasi community in this category and ranked fourth in the top 20 list with 560 marks.
Jowai, Naitung 10: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) together with its headquarters in all Circles and Units would like to extend its special greetings and best wishes to all the children of Jaintia Hills especially to them. children of Ñiamtre who will complete their Behdieñkhlam festival this year.
Therefore, he congratulated the winners by saying that through such games, the children can showcase their talents and use them in the right way and expected that the district will produce more talents. 'rang bad 'thei kynsai to bring glory to the community through such sports events and to be an example to others and to eradicate all the evils in the society.
There are also other families who have suffered terribly in their lives, who have been recognized as needing to raise their hands, especially when they come to help. They are very sad and painful to look after their family, because the suffering they have experienced in life is more severe than others.
Shillong, July 16 : The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited on Friday called off their three-day strike, after the state government promised to immediately look into these demands. keep.
He said the traffic jam in Upper Shillong was heavy on Monday which reached Sanmer and sometimes up to Hynniewmer.
Through the guidance of this man he was able to publish his first collection of songs entitled “Jeremiah”.
Italian Luca Marini and MotoGP rider Valentino Rossi came second for the VR46 Ducati team and it was also the first time for him to win the title. MotoGP has been promoted from Moto2
This decision was taken at a meeting of the party held at the Community Hall, Khliehriat West.
Through this meeting, the UDP leaders decided that the party will discuss many development projects in the villages in the Umsning Constituency, including the demand from the government to develop The Usmning C&RD Block should be upgraded to a Civil Sub Division, the Umsning CHC should be upgraded to a Civil Hospital and also the Central Agricultural University should be established at Kyrdemkulai and not the College of Agriculture.
Arunachal Pradesh authorities on Tuesday said that after eight years, a tiger has been spotted once again in Namdapha National Park and Tiger Reserve, Changlang district.
The CM said this while speaking at the three-day Golden Jubilee celebration of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) which ended today in the presence of the Minister of School Education. Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and other government officials.
“The UDP is my child, I was present when it was born,” said the UDP founder who has been with the party since the first day.
It is due to the poor condition of this road, that tourists from all over the country who come to West Khasi Hills have turned to Mawphanlur, because to go to this tourist place the road is sufficient, the authorities have also They were there every day, and the lodging places were full everywhere.
Shillong: Members of four organizations including the Khasi Students Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (KYF) and the Ri Bhoi Youth Front (KYF) today held a public meeting to protest against the CAA. They demanded ILP in Mairang village by urging the state government to immediately implement the Entry and Exit points and urged the Dorbar Shnongs to consider the entry and exit of the authorities. .
There was also an exchange of views between the residents and these government officials, to further discuss and improve other areas of development, including roads and education. for the benefit of the local community.
In this match, three rangtieds lost through run outs.
The village leader questioned whether there is a difference in the payment of electricity and money bills in urban and rural areas.
“Now we have EPIC only for Meghalaya,” said the Syiem of Raid Nongtung.
The earthquake was heard all over the Khasi Hills. 1:13 Rupang, not 1:30 because I was still sitting in that pot.
The High Court will hear the case on 10th June,
The feeling of need to do something has spread to other students who have already passed their examinations, those who are waiting for results who are still on leave and to other students of the country.
The meeting was conducted by Raplang Lamare.
In addition to other objectives outlined in the Policy, some of them can be mentioned here and they are as follows; to create adequate Sports facilities with accommodation and other facilities, to produce qualified personnel to run sports activities, teachers and especially athletes, to introduce sports sport as one of the subjects within schools, to create employment opportunities for sportsmen, to find and provide full support to talented youth in various sports and especially to encourage and support women to participate in sports.
In fact, the department has done its best to look after the scheme but it has not been able to do so due to the lack of staff, said Akash Deep.
The fear is that even the local unit of the RSS, when it is strong, will compete with other religions here because its sevaks (cadres) have been trained like in Nagpur and elsewhere how to use them. injury tools.
In the Under-17 boys category, Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School will play against Government Boys Higher Secondary School, HK Singh Memorial Secondary School will play against Ummulong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Nartiang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School will play against North Liberty Higher Secondary School.
Candidates who wish to apply may pay the application fees using any one the following modes of payment only:-SBI Debit cum ATM cards/Net banking of only SBI Accounts.
Tuesday Lytep said the Khliehmushut Dorbar Shnong has taken this step to honor the former office bearers for their hard work to work for the good of the village.
This was confirmed after Rupang spoke to a man who has decided to apply for ticket from the BJP party to contest the mid-term elections in Nongstoin to be held on the 21st of this month. The candidate for the BJP ticket is Roland Mawsor.
According to police sources, the SI of CRPF on the 10th of this month, went to the residence of Md. Fidha Hussain at Mendipathar, and shook hands with Hussain's wife and The incident occurred at 9:30 pm.
“In the political arena, especially in Meghalaya, no one can predict that tomorrow they will do something else. but we don't know that the others will leave".
To avoid the departure of its leading players, the team will also strive to invest millions and earn arshah from the upcoming transfer market.
Samla Jovial Andre Laloo, resident of Mawprem, will be the only paraglider from our state who has qualified to take part in this paragliding event.
“MEA spokesperson Arindam Bagchi said in a tweet: “The 20th group of those released from Sudan has been evacuated from Port Sudan.
The vehicle carrying the body needs to be thoroughly cleaned, using 1% sodium hypochlorite and this can also be used by those carrying the body, the statement said. and U Sampath Kumar, Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Health & Family Welfare Department.
Then the barrier between the rich and the poor will become wider and wider.
And it was said that Pde after he knew this; Instead of going to the scene, he phoned the OC Jowai who was driven from Jowai to meet the journalists at Bishop's House.
“It is a road that has been included in the PMGSY and is still waiting for approval from Delhi and if you want to say to work from the State Plan, send it if you want to work without money,” he said. but he himself shall believe in the truth.
Kevin, who starred in Yellowstone, tried his best to strengthen his relationship with Christine but when the opportunity arose, he decided to leave.
Meanwhile, Das lives with her husband, Bipul Das and her daughter.
However, this has caused them to lose their daily routine because of the fear of the people, who have helped those who have been infected with Covid-19 or their relatives. sick.
Furthermore, u Bah Sawkmie strongly criticized the KHNAM leader Bah Pyndap Saibon, saying that he is still a child who doesn't have a mature mindset, and this shows that he is speaking against the KHNAM leader. He said that when Grace Mary Kharpuri left the HSPDP, Ardent Basaiawmoit showed that she is a leader and she did not. There is no law against the District Council.
Regarding the problem of poor households to pay rent and the problem of youth from the area studying in Shillong, the Sordar of Mawryngkneng Village said that many residents of Mawryngkneng area live with students from Mawryngkneng area. The Village Leaders of Mawryngkneng C&RD Block and Mawkynrew C&RD Block have requested the District authorities to resolve the issue.
The scheme was launched by the Central Government to encourage children to attend school in order to end illiteracy in the country. you country.
In fact, to criticize the work of the Government or the leaders, the people themselves will not want to because with the faith and trust of the people they have sent the leaders to serve properly and to fulfill their duties. The promises they made before they were elected, and when the people see their fair and transparent work, the people will always walk along and work together so that the Government will run smoothly. Khadar and to bring about the welfare of the State as a whole.
In the quarter match of the Hero Super Cup 2017-18 between Jamshedpur FC and FC Goa on 12th June, 2018 at Kalinga Stadium, Bhubaneshwar, the referee sent off all their players. both sides of the group after the riots.
In these days, we see that the dorbars in the cities and in the countryside, women have also come to sit in the dorbars, but there are still in many villages, districts and rural areas where women do not. It is on these issues that we will say that it is the rule and judgment and that is that if they have been clean, then it can be the law, but to destroy the customs that have existed since ancient times.
These signs bring hope that drugs can be eradicated so that young men and women can live a life in harmony with society.
The bench has ordered Karnataka to release about 3,000 cubic feet per second (cusecs) of water to the neighboring state from 28th November to 15th March.
Therefore, let us support the new groups and individuals, who are clear-minded, who are intelligent, who have a clear understanding of issues and who for decades have fought and fought on various issues. and those who stand on the foundation of righteousness and truth.
G Kharmawphlang, IAS (SCS: 2014), Ampati has been promoted as Deputy Commissioner, Mairang and W Nongsiej, IAS (SCS: ), Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang has been promoted as Secretary, Prisons & Correctional Services.
However, the sad answer was received that after 10 days of prayers by all religions, Dr Sailo has contracted the corona virus and has died.
NPP Nongstoin Block Vice President PS Marweiñ, NPYF Nongstoin Block Vice President Mickey Marbaniang, Superintendent Green Pasture Children's Home and After Care Girls Home Tiehsaw, Pastor Ïarlin Dura. meeting with Dr.M.Tongper.
He said it was not clear on the MBBS seats reserved for the states.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Pyngrope said that turning to the TMC, he has not yet spoken to the party's higher authorities – the General Secretary in-charge, Dr. Manas Bhunia on the upcoming elections.
Elyzia Nengnong, Haphimanbha Kharkamni, Rimesha Kharbyngar, Maphibansan Lyngwa, Cassandra Rijanai Pasi, Angelica Lyngdoh, Asorphi Lyngdoh Mawlong, and Mechira N. Sangma.
Tengsak also acknowledged that it is a fact that the youth from Garo Hills are still facing difficulties to compete with other youth of the state in terms of employment and this is the reason for the implementation of the Reservation. Policy is extremely important.
Block-III has an area of ​​15006 sq.ft.
Shillong: The number of Khasi residents living on the border with Bangladesh has doubled this year after two youths were killed in Sohbyrthied Parkan village near Shella by Bangladeshis.
“The residents of this village have recognized that every time if the operating company sees a danger, they warn the passengers, but they did not do so this time.
He said that when he was Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the aim was to bring a TB hospital to Umsawli.
Within 3 months, we have recruited 30 members into the Seng who are also young people who have learned well but have not found a job to earn a living.
Bless said that since it became clear that someone has started building a new building, the union has met with the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and MUDA to find out the truth.
This is the third such incident in just three days.
The woman said that the next day she lodged a complaint at Langpih Border Out Post and the police immediately came to search the area and found the body. the fact that the soh trees have been uprooted, the synsar have been cut down and broken and other crops have been destroyed.
On the leaflets distributed there were many drug-related articles that read “I won’t let drugs bust in my nightmares- Say No to Drugs- Drugs will kill you slowly - Don't take drugs to become a slave to drugs- While you are taking drugs, you live a few days, drugs end all your good desires- You don't need Herion to be a Hero- Wat Umkiang PP Police Station will hold another awareness program tomorrow as part of the fight against drugs and the entry of drugs into the country. state through East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that from time to time, the Assam police have arrested Khasi on charges of such and such things and this has happened recently that up to 3 youths have been arrested. He was arrested without committing any crime against the Assam Police.
Although the match ended in a draw, it can be said that the spectators of Lajong were eager to witness the spirit of fighting especially the rangkynsai of the state who showed their talent in the match. This match has shocked the spectators.
Aadhaar makers arranged by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner will come to their villages according to specially designed programs and Aadhaar cards will be issued for them and their children.
I tell you, it is not good that this will destroy our nation,” said Bah Metbah.
Similar programs have been conducted by NESO across the North East in Nagaland, Assam, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Manipur.
Meanwhile, the US Tsunami Warning System said it had not received any information from the equipment to indicate that there would be any tsunami or storm. after the sudden arrival of the earthquake that morning.
There are also those who follow the government announcement and continue to teach chapters from old books.
He said he does not want to speak against or insult anyone but Mairang needs what the leaders should listen to.
The strike of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has reached its fifth day and has received support from other unions including the North East Truck Owners Welfare Society (NETOWS) to intensify the strike against the factories. dewbilat in Jaintia Hills to demand the implementation of the new fare announced by the government since September last year.
He said that every time the country fights for peace and stability, it is not only the army but the whole country that fights for it.
Sangma asked whether they should also talk about the scam in the education department or other government departments, even though the government has already removed James from office. As the Minister of Home Affairs, but until now every day there is still a lot of opposition.
On this occasion, the employees of Mylliem C&RD Block under the leadership of BDO Bah P Passah came to attend and witness with their own eyes the works implemented from the MGNREGS budget of The VEC has more than 500 job card holders. The Rangbah Dong of Umlyngka including the Rangbah Shnong of Umlyngka, Bah Stephen L. Nongbsap who is also the Chairman of the VEC and others.
“Football is the way of life and why I say this is because Meghalaya is the first state to hold the Baby League,” said Lt Gen Sangwan.
This is therefore a war that is more intense and violent than the war that the country fought against Lebanon in 1982-1985, in which the Israeli Defense Force. (IDF), has lost 657 troops.
This is the house of Sharati Iawphniaw, wife of Pipa Roy.
Who are the nations that will come up against Israel? Or who are Gog of Magog? The Word of God tells us that those nations descended from the sons of Noah.
Seeing this, these people fled the scene and threw these loads at the scene.
We have followed the wind, there are only a few who take the time to think about their personal lives, society and the country and the nation as a whole.
Thangskai scored 89 goals.
He showed an SMS sent by Bah Witting Mawsor which reads, “There will be an Emergency CEC of the party on 4/01/2017, at 1.00pm, at Bah Ardent's house.
“The Government will soon set up Regional Committees for this purpose.
US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un held a meeting today at a low-security area between South and North Korea. or the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ).
Besides them, there are also Rohit Chandmal Jain, Reshmi Rohit Jain, Karan Jain and Karishma Jain who are also known as foreign investors.
Besides, the government should have signed a soskular that the operators of the factory should be trained in various fields whether they should look after the machines, the production of dew foreign, the The accounting, the marketing of dewbilat and so on to see once again that the name and dignity of MCCL will appear again and not only for the Sohra area but for the state as a whole.
It is worth mentioning that this school has also trained Bah Mayral Born Syiem who has studied since he was a child until class VI to continue his higher education in other schools. Therefore, as a school which has produced the seed to become a leader, we are proud of the victory of Bah Mayral Born Syiem as an MLA who has made this school proud and honored. u at a meeting held today at the ground floor of the school.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has warned that heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
“Gotmare said that the owners of the coal mines have donated Rs 10 lakh to the families of the victims.
The chairman of JACATAM, Bah ED Nongsiang, today announced that the group will hold a general meeting on the 5th of July at 11 am. in the city of Shillong.
She did not want to continue her examinations and later dropped out of school and went to NIOS, Imphal and graduated from Churachandpur College.
The number of cases has risen to 20,18,825 in 235 days and the death toll has risen to 703 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 4,88,3 in the state.
When I went to school, I wrote “Babu K. ​​Langrin”.
“I am sad to see how Conrad has spoiled all the work that we have led and what he is doing is that he just talks and doesn't do anything.
However, the border talks have been ignored by the Assam government, because not only do they have a relationship with the government but the biggest loss from this border talks is for Meghalaya.
The Sushruta Samman Award is the highest award presented by the FOPI to Professors of Ophthalmology who are outstanding and dedicated to the teaching and training of students.
He said that the party is ready to cooperate with anyone on issues and the party will have no problem in cooperating or supporting issues raised by other parties in the Opposition.
“In accordance with the powers conferred on me by the party's constitution under Article XVII (1) and (3), I appoint Bah MH Kharkrang as the Spokesperson of the BJP, Meghalaya Pradesh for a term of office. Shillong, March 12: Shillong, March 12: Shillong: The city of Shillong is preparing to welcome a two-day festival of culture and traditional food. 14 and 15, 2022 known as the Tri Hills Ensemble at the State Central Library which will showcase to the world the richness of the state in its unique culture and traditions.
On the other hand, the President of FKJGP, Bah Dundee Khongsit, has promised that the FKJGP will continue to work with the border people in any steps taken on the MoU. The Dorbar Shnong Patharlyndan in collaboration with the Edmund Rice Youth Action on Monday held a planting trees on a hill that they have chosen to turn into a 'lawbah.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi (HYC) on Tuesday said that the Khasi people living in many villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi have been involved in Benami activities. , They have warned against such people and at the same time, they have urged the relevant authorities, from the government authorities and Syiem of Nongspung Hima and Jirang Hima to look into the matter. on this matter.
Our Hindu priests are of the Deshmukh clan or the Bamon clan or the Bakhraw clan or the Priestly clan.
It is very important what we think, because from here come the clean and healthy fruits of our country and nation.
In connection with the incident, the player had called the police using an application on his phone which helped him to track down the stolen vehicle, but It is not clear how he sustained the injury to his leg.
The Raij Jowai today 24th October under the supervision of the Dorbar Niam has decided to perform the Thohlangdoh ritual with the participation of the religious leaders of the Raij from the Doloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot, Wasan, Phra. Kur and the sons of the Raij.
According to Dr Barthakur, the hospital authorities have already written to the government to make arrangements to get a new generator but no response has been received yet.
I will see what kind of legal notice was given and what is the provision of the law that he (Henry) sent me on this notice.
He said that at 5 pm he used to play football, volleyball, cricket and other sports.
On this day, the match between these two teams was very interesting and exciting to watch because these two teams are really strong teams and in this match today they won. The two teams fought hard to win the chess match and reach the final to compete for the title of the tournament.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: U Jual Oram, Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, today said that a committee has been appointed by the Government of India to Whether the Gorkhas and the seven minorities in Assam fall under the Scheduled Tribe Act.
“Meghalaya and our identity, the people and communities here have held on to this for hundreds of years.
Shillong, July 21: For more than a month now, Mawphu village in Sohra area of ​​Shella Constituency has been in darkness due to lack of electricity.
Thus, from this time onwards, our Khasi received the qualifications in accordance with writing and speaking.
Shillong, July 17: Students of Williamnagar School have missed classes after their school was deployed by BSF, COBRA, SWAT and police to fight insurgency.
Lamlynti SC scored the first goal of the match in the 40th minute.
The purpose of this rally is to protest and condemn those bloodthirsty men who took the lives of two commercial vehicle drivers of Jaintia Hills in the past months.
Shillong, Lber 31: Laitjem CC and Lumpaia Avengers CC won their 3rd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2024 on Saturday. Hills Cricket Association.
He said it would be better for the government to hand over to companies like ADB or JICA to prepare the DPR for this purpose and hand over to the PWD to implement the project. activity.
The death toll was highest on 8th June 2020, with 855 deaths.
It may be recalled that before the curfew, the government had warned its employees not to miss work, and those who miss work have to bring proper reasons.
While there were meetings, most of them were seen only by the Riangdo police chief.
Chusrangky D. Sangma and Chukan R. Marak scored two goals for Bakenang High School in the 13th and 24th minutes. and Tubirth Ch.
According to the order, no one is allowed to enter the village and the residents of the village are not allowed to leave.
A total of 16 children, two from each district of five Community and Rural Development Block, attended the event.
Mebanker Shullai is one of the first youngsters to win six times in the District Open Badminton Championship organized by the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) in Jowai.
Meanwhile, Diya, who played well from the start to the semifinals, lost 3-0 to Archana to win the title.
Although the UDP Ribhoi leaders have not given any reason for their departure from the party, it is understood that they may join the ruling NPP.
“Looting by various groups is not new in Meghalaya,” said the union and many cases have been lodged in the Gauhati High Court. The Meghalaya State Policy for Weighbridges, 2018 is against the order of the Court and aims to allow the extortion of money through these the gate is in many places.
In 2006, the state government of Bihar abolished APMCs with the aim of benefiting farmers.
Police suspected that the suspect had robbed many people and appealed to the victims to come forward to lodge their complaint against him.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) will receive T.1,26,900, which now receives T.39,900 and T.5,000 as household allowance.
The concern of the 7trep people in this regard is that those foreigners whose names are not registered in the NRC will come and invade the 7trep country and Meghalaya as a whole.
If we know how to do all the work we do, it will bring blessings to our lives from the end to the end.
Shillong: It is shocking to see that the people living in the city have become like wild animals, that according to the writing of the village authorities to inform the public about the benefits of society. nud ban dro that far away.
Speaking to reporters on the same day, Zelensky said Ukraine is ready to fight against Russia and he is confident that Ukraine will win because it is its right to take back these areas which have been confiscated and do not belong to Russia.
Lajong have now reached the semifinals of the U-14 SSA Football Tournament.
Shillong: Severe cold weather has prevailed in parts of Shillong today; but there are parts where it does not rain, but there is a heavy rainfall.
The Industrial Training Institutes (ITI) have been constructed at a cost of T.7 crore under the Enhancing Skill Development Initiative (ESDI) Scheme of the Government of India. 5 types of training for the youth of the area namely Surface Embroidery Trade (SET), Wiremen, Office Assistant and Computer Program (OA&CP), Multimedia Animation and Special Effect (MA&SE) and Driver -cum-Mechanic (DcM).
The State of Meghalaya aims to improve the quality of education in the State by collaborating with the Central Board of Secondary Education.
In this regard, we had the opportunity to talk, discuss and discuss with the leaders of the State Legislative Assembly, such as Bah Paul Lyngdoh when he was the Leader of the Legislative Assembly and Kong Streamlet Dkhar when he was the Leader of the Legislative Assembly. Khasi Study at the NEHU Lecture on the Khasi Language.
The 23-year-old from Mizoram will be ready to join the I-League champions after his contract expires.
Bah Banteidor visited Rasong recently to thank the residents for their support in the last MLA election and promised to promote tourism between Laitlum and Laitlum. Rationale.
At the same time, fish buyers or sellers have been advised not to apply formalin to any food, especially fish.
Through a statement released to the media, the KSU leader said that in these months, the forest burning activities have started to increase, which has been done by only a few people. riew shim kabu, but it causes damage to the forests and especially to those people who have plants in the forests.
This was announced by BS Phanbuh, President of KSU Khatarshnong Circle.
Shillong, June 19: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo on Saturday visited Kongthong village. the song of praise.
He said that the Managing Committees, which have appointed these teachers, should take responsibility to come forward and ask questions to the teachers who have failed their duties. The government will decide soon.
It was not easy for us because Lajong had to play at home in front of their fans.
“The state government has not been able to issue the utilization certificate (UC) for the MGNREGA scheme worth T.300 crore to the central government,” he said.
Air connectivity in the capitals of the four North Eastern States of India will play an important role in bringing peace to the livelihoods of the people of the region and will boost tourism and you are the inheritance.
When looking at the signboard, it can be seen that these signboards have been erected outside the barracks of the troops stationed in the area.
Referring to the decision to elect Bah Ricky Syngkon to contest the MP election, Dr Kara said, “We have received many proposals and some of them have gone to meet personally with the President of the party. to discuss the desire to contest the election.
At the same meeting, Bah Ardent said that the paths he takes are full of challenges, the first is the challenges he has to face to get a place at the Student Square to hold the public meeting and the other was a heavy rainstorm in the afternoon, which discouraged him.
Chilean police have selected four of the most dangerous dogs to be trained to search for coronavirus cases in the country. , who has been infected with the corona virus.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Pangniang said that the urgency and lack of time of the government to allow until the end of the term has led him to take over the post. I have decided to resign from my MDC seat.
On the same day, there was a performance of traditional music by the youth and school children of the area.
If I have offended anyone, please forgive me.
The UDP candidate, who has won three terms and is now the president of the UDP, said that the UDP stands on the basis of protecting the people while other parties have won the election. The contest for elections especially those from outside the state is only to promote through development.
Shillong: Traders of food items have admitted that there is no shortage of food items in the state and the stock of food items is still sufficient.
AIS SujaThe Israelites were slaves in Egypt for 430 years.
“Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian, a rishot, a tympan and a leader of the Seng Khasi Kmie for many years, was a former Member of the Joint Executive Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie. for many years and who has worked hard to preserve, enrich and promote his traditional religion through the writings of his own mind.
The snap of St. Don Bosco was brought to Don Bosco Technical School as part of the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Salesians of Don Bosco of the Catholic Church. in the east country.
The truth is that we must work together in order to live together and grow together.
During his inspection at Sialkot Garrison, the Chief of Army Staff said that the Army will not allow anyone to do wrong or to insult the heroes of the country and the buildings that have been built. keep to remember them.
I've been living here for 1 month or 2 months.
The visit of meter readers to the homes of people today, provides accurate figures according to the consumption of electricity and when comparing these figures with the meter readings in the past, it is found that there are many differences. between them," the statement said.
The District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 has been postponed to the third and final day of the final today (3rd June) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
“In the last 45 years, 30 years have been ruled by the Congress, and if we continue to join other parties with headquarters in Delhi, it means that we are not ready to rule ourselves and it means that the Hill State is wrong because that we may not rule," he said.
He urged all his supporters not to be deceived by money and to have a strong foundation to elect a leader.
One thing they do to keep this water from flowing in vain is to spread dry grass that the cows do not eat, where they stand, near their feet.
“According to the recommendation of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, we as religious leaders have agreed to cooperate with the government by temporarily suspending the services at the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church. All the brothers and sisters in the prayers that God will protect us all from this disease,” said Pastor Kharmawphlang.
He said that in fact, if there were any complaints against the Sordar, the KHADC authorities should have summoned him but without summoning him, he was suspended immediately. “We don't know who complained, why the sordar was removed,” said Bah Warpakyntein. “We suspect that he is our MDC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem,” said Marshall Nongrum.
Shillong, Nailur, 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the decades-old border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam can only be resolved by the speech and judgment but not war.
He went with a follower of Nipen Singh, from the same village.
There were about several women who were arrested because they held prayers during a birthday celebration,” he said.
The company has also ordered its temporary employees, who number about 1,000, to stay at home for 12 days, while the full-time employees will start working from 5th July. They started on the 12th of April.
Therefore, to avoid these problems, it is necessary for the citizens to cooperate with the government employees in all aspects by starting campaigns from their homes because if there is no cooperation, This is the end of this training in the villages.
Shillong: U Silvester Nongtnger Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today said that the police will soon crack down on vehicles carrying illegal drugs which exceed the limit.
In July, China ended the quarantine of its citizens arriving from abroad.
What we know is that the Jews or Israelites knew Jesus but did not recognize that he was the Son of God sent by God.
Shillong: Many of the contract teachers in Meghalaya have been disappointed by the government's decision to suspend them from their jobs because they failed to pass the MTET examination. However, it is surprising that the teachers who belong to the same category have not continued their work, even though the deadline of 59 days has been less than six months. now.
From time to time, the Khasi Hima had dealings with the Foreign Government through the Vice Roy and through the Governor as Agent.
The DC of East Khasi Hills will be the chief guest.
All autocrats, tyrants, and dictators, at the end of the day, turned/turned out to be victims of insecurity and fear.
Amizmiz village, near Tafeghaghte, was the worst affected area and these two villages suffered the highest number of deaths with 1,351 deaths. of these 2 villages.
The BJP will rise in the name of Modi especially in Garo Hills and some parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, 13 political parties in the state since the Congress-led Meghalaya United Progressive Alliance (MUA) I&II government and Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister, have held a meeting to discuss the issue. There has been a strong protest to demand the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nongrum said, “It would be surprising to forget the MLAs who still have connections with Wahumkhrah, such as Pynthorumkhrah, Nongthymmai, Mawlai and 17 North Shillong.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 7 new cases have been confirmed in the past 24 hours while 6 cases have recovered.
“It is worth mentioning that COMSO on Thursday came forward to demand the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in front of the Secretariat.
However, we must also strongly condemn the police and other guards of Parliament who have not fulfilled their duty to check each and every person who enters this Dorbar Bah MPs of the country. .
“While Dr. DD Lapang is contesting from Nongpoh Constituency, it is not useful for us to give our support to other parties, because as it is now, it is more likely that we will get another candidate. It will be a shame for us the residents of Nongpoh Constituency if Maheh wins the 2018 election.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle, on Tuesday said that the state government has not listened to the voice of the people to open the international import and export border through Tamabil. Dawki, because if the opening of this market will pose a serious threat to the people of the area and the state as a whole from the rapid spread of Corona Virus or COVID-1
The objective of this fertilizer plant is to produce non-chemical fertilizer and to transport the fertilizer produced from this plant to the farmers.
In the case of the authorities, despite their honest efforts, their needs were overlooked.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Shella today sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War, who is also the Chairperson of the District Mineral Foundation (DMF). the Prime Minister's Minister's Kshetra Welfare Yojana (PMKKKY) scheme in Shella.
Children do not have the opportunity to express their understanding of these things but are taught to follow the feelings of their parents or teachers according to their own perspective. of them, he added.
The group also demanded that the CEM of GHADC Denang T. Sangma should resign as he has not been able to ensure the rights of the workers.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: In order to ensure the smooth running of the election to be held on the 27th of this month and to avoid any confusion, the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Rambrai Circle today through The media has urged the people to think carefully before they cast their votes and when they cast their votes they should not think that they will. get something from the candidates.
Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee will be the chief guest at the programme.
After this, there will be a report preparation and finally a public hearing before a final decision is taken.
Shillong: The ruling NPP is also an ally of the BJP in the MDA government. Shillong: A body has been recovered from the coal mine at Khloo Ryngksan in Shillong. Lumthari is the home of Amir Hussain of Chirang District, Assam.
How sad it is that there are still those who are still struggling with their lives, struggling, crying, crying, from the diseases that have come upon them like the struggle of a child in unconsciousness.
Shillong, June 23: The BJP has not intended to ban the consumption of beef but has talked about banning the export of beef to Bangladesh.
Friends, these are the minor diseases that occur in our country.
He said that on the day the members of the party raised the iong flag, they were taken by the police on charges that they were marching in a procession and forcing people to wear the iong flag. It is not true and no citizen has been forced to leave.
The program ended with the welcome speech of Lebanon D. Sangma.
The lizards, known as Caenorhabditis elegans, are about 1mm long and have similar characteristics to humans.
Another Sahu who owns a small shop in the market said that he too does not have any milk in his shop and has sold it all this morning at the usual price.
However, this dispute is based on the Resolution dated 12th July 1972 which also affected Clause 4 of Article 16 of the Constitution and also on the Ruling of the Supreme Court that no more than 50% can be set aside.
In times of persecution, Christians need the presence of Jesus in the flesh, to work and fight with them.
The inauguration of Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh as Archbishop of Shillong will be inaugurated by Archbishop John Moolachira of Guwahati on the 6th of this month at Laitumkhrah Cathedral, Shillong.
Mawphlang, which is only 28 km from Shillong, is well known for its Lawkyntang and is also a place that attracts tourists from all over the world.
Through the search for talented players within the STAR program which is currently ongoing in the search for talented players.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the JAC, Prof. Lakhon Kma said that the strike will continue tomorrow but members of all three groups are requested to gather at the VC's office at 11:3 good morning.
We hope that the government will look into the construction of various buildings in New Shillong and take immediate action if there is no adequacy so that we can avoid any problems in the future as we are facing now in Shillong.
He also expressed his concern about the lack of roads and bridges.
Don't trust Kulmar, don't vote for us so that we don't have to vote for shiphew times in three years.
Hek said that in the year 2020-2021, the government has provided assistance only during the time of pig deaths where pig farmers whose pigs have died of 540 pigs have received 16 assistance. ,20,000 rupees.
He said that last year, because the people were suffering too much in coming and going, they couldn't help but repair the timber road themselves, with the help of the people. you don't have a supply.
2) God created the demons (Gen.1:27):- Many Christians when they talk about the creation of man, God knows only the creation of man. Adam and Eve (Gen.2:22).
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem congratulated the school authorities of St. Paul's for organizing this tournament, and expressed his great pleasure to see that the students of At the same time, he expressed his happiness to take part with the students of the school on this day. The school is one of the leading schools in the field of sports and education.
Former Gujarat Governor and BJP leader in Delhi OP Kohli passed away on Tuesday, a statement from the BJP in Delhi said.
According to the information received by the Forum, on the Independence Day, the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Tuliram Ronghang, announced that Umlaper is one of the towns. ) of West Caribbean District.
He said the arrest of the MLA who is a member of the House shows that the government has not interfered.
According to the Commission's report, the scheme has been revived since
These Dorbar Shnongs have opposed this for fear that the waste from the meat slaughterhouse may flow into the drinking water supply in the area.
We have Money Making Leaders.
“Although the farmers have been allowed to plant, bury and harvest jhur, the government has not taken action to open the markets for farmers".
She urged the state government to take appropriate measures to ensure that this is not only for women but also for the society.
AMKA President Bah Hunlang Lytan said, “The people know that AMKA has been working for 42 years in the development of karate players. State.
Shillong: Five new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills today.
Those who receive traditional love are different from those who do not.
Michael Kharsyntiew has been a member of the BJP for nine years after contesting the 2018 Legislative Assembly elections from Umsning Constituency on the BJP ticket. and the BJP while Bah M.Kharkrang has just joined the party in 2022 after retiring from the post of Police Officer.
He said that at present the government does not earn anything from the movement of these foreign vehicles but the commercial vehicles which pay taxes to the government.
In the last few years, Village Health Councils have begun to emerge under the National Health Mission.
“This is very dangerous if the people do not have the opportunity to express their grievances publicly,” Gandhi said.
Rangdajied's Arlangky Nongsiej scored from the penalty spot in the 31st minute. The penalty came after Henry Nongneng struck Rangdajied's Robert Khongjoh in the end of the goal.
The Marangbah said that the youth should be beautiful or have any feelings, but the Marangbah does not agree because he has children and husbands and does not have time to do so.
In the presence of relatives and a group of government ministers, the Prime Minister expressed his confidence that these SF-10 policemen are ready to dedicate themselves to serve the country.
The arrest of drug traffickers especially from Manipur has increased the smuggling of drugs into the state.
From all the five constituencies in Ri Bhoi, 35 candidates have registered their nomination papers. to the people.
When the Syiem died, many of them left the village and appointed a new Syiem. They went through the forest and came to a large river. the Recipient.
Karnataka has 44,631 cases and Kerala has 37,1
The meeting was led by the Chief Secretary, Bah WMS Pariat.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni expressed his pleasure to be present at the closing ceremony of the tournament which was a platform for talented youth to participate in the development of their sports. The skills of the football players are also a sport that has saved many men and women football players of Meghalaya.
The source said that the body was found from a Nala in Khanapara which falls on the Assam side, where the robbers who killed the woman by cutting lyngkhot lyngkhai, were killed. Thep pat pat in a plastic bag, after that they went to break it in that place.
He said the United States has been sending arms and ammunition to Taiwan for the past decade as agreed on the trade with Taiwan.
The hospital has an OT Complex, an ICU and several OPD rooms.
T.Riangtem, one of the elders of Myndo village in Mawshynrut C&RD Block, said that the residents of these areas have a lot of land and farms.
On the 2nd of June at 3:00 pm, a group of robbers broke into the ATM near the bank and while they were trying to rob it, Samuel Myrshiang heard about the ATM and went out to see if it was still following.
Police arrested these two persons after receiving a tip that some people were planning to smuggle gold through the NH-6 and to Assam. When the police raided Byrnihat, they arrested these people.
The BCCI's chief curator in his recent speech said “it is one of the best and most suitable stadiums in India”. The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has been improving and upgrading since 2019-20, with a new ground with better grass, newly constructed grounds and water supply system. ground is not newly built.
In 2011-12 he purchased 600 songs at T.4500 per song for 200 beneficiaries, in 2012-13 he purchased 600 songs at T.4500 per song, in 2013-14 he purchased 585 songs. In 2014-15, he purchased 1200 song at T.4780 per song for 400 beneficiaries.
The Allahabad High Court in a 2010 hearing decided to divide the 70-acre land into three parts and give one land to Ram Lala Virajman, a group that owns and then to give one part to Sita, Nirmohi Akhara and another part to the Sunni Central Waqf Board.
Perhaps if those Karbi people had attacked the fleeing Meghalaya police, we would have thought that those police would not have refused to shoot with their weapons.
Gourmangi, who has been holding an A License from the AIFF since 2019, has been the assistant coach of Bengaluru United for the past three seasons.
The union said it had tried to visit two women and a man who is still detained at the Civil Hospital, but was not allowed to see their faces and only their hands were seen. “Just like they are armed men or slaves, where is the human rights lost?” said the statement. The statement also strongly condemned the Minister of Home Affairs. Roshan Warjri said that Roshan Warjri should not resign.
Due to the dissatisfaction with the decision of the Lamphang, Members of the Opposition from all three political parties, immediately left the House to protest against the Government's inability to correct the errors.
Noting that as leaders they should not do so because it is the life and death of the jaidbynriew, the Minister urged them to come forward to discuss and give their opinion on the Roster System as the Government does not do not want to take any decision without mutual understanding.
The purpose of the Luk Ayukta is to hear the complaints of the people against corruption and misconduct of government officials.
Therefore, the union feels that it needs the Apex Bank to set up a branch in Ranikor.
Therefore, the students should not expect government jobs, but encouraged them to work in companies outside the State.
Shillong, November 17: The Court of the Judicial Magistrate First Class (J), East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday sentenced a man named Rocky Pala to one month imprisonment for involvement in the robbery of one Motor Cycle FZ with number plate ML05-J-2
In Archery, the girls' team reached the final, which secured another medal for Meghalaya.
“As responsible citizens of this country, we demand the perpetrators to be punished.
Not only that, bedrooms in hotels worth more than T.1,000 will have to pay GST of 12 percent.
The JSU Jowai Circle on Friday opened its new office at Demthring village.
On the other hand, Mizoram Home Minister Lalchamliana said, “Our border has been approved since 1875 and the government officials are harassing the people. to block the roads to prevent the supply of food and drink to our state.
Lyngdoh Raid Mawlieh, visited Pomlum, Lait Kynsew and Mawkajem villages and the remaining villages will be completed later, in order to extend the services in the coming months.
The Waheh Shnong of Narwan, Bah Lamsuk Langstang, has expressed his concern over the emergence of these groups and appealed to all especially the Pnar-Jaintia to stand on one side to support this project. Ardent Basaiawmoit and also to put in prayers to achieve the goal.
It is to be recalled that the Crime Branch Police have raided Ri-Bhoi on the 24th of this month to raid suspected places of smuggling of umphñiang in different parts of the country. mer and arrested 14 persons suspected of involvement in the incident.
He said that those who do not have the necessary documents should first obtain a Labor License from the Council and if they do not, they should take the necessary steps to inform the police.
The Bike Rally started from Nongpoh and was flagged off by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyayay and ended at Lad Umsaw in Umiam. of drugs to the youth of today.
In the march-past, Oxford Secondary School, Ladrymbai won the first prize and Morning Glory Secondary School, Ladrymbai won the second prize. and those who participated in the cultural programme.
Any financial assistance to such groups not only violates the rules of law, but also hinders our collective efforts to protect the country from terrorism and violence," he said. and Bishnoi.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that on the night of the 16th of this month, the state police have also arrested three persons involved in the incident.
At the end of the programme, a song was sung by the famous God of the State, Bah Banker Kharkongor.
In a statement, the NPP Meghalaya State Unit has expressed its satisfaction with the decision of the Central Government to challenge the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to impose the AFSPA in Garo Hills. Hills.
Hodge said Russia had already announced that all Ukrainian ships in the Black Sea would be warships and could not be civilian ships.
Is it because of the following reasons: Has the wisdom of strength not taken root in our minds or souls to have unity in the family and so on in the responsibility of society?
However, the Minister said that the suspension of the work could affect the work in the talks between the State Government and the Central Government.
On the other hand, he said that as the youth, it is the responsibility of the environment because if they do it openly, the environment also has its own part. Tourism is one of the ways in which the youth should turn their faces in this age.
Because the transformer in Riwar area has not been repaired, the next election will be held in Prestone.
Within a very short period of time, the management of NEIGRIHMS immediately informed the heads of all departments.
“All the messages I have received are very interesting,” said Bah Sun.
“Each of us should take on the responsibility to be a volunteer to protect the environment.
One of the complaints of the residents, who spoke to Rupang, is that the announcement, which is for thousands of people to join the police, has not been announced widely in the newspapers, which reach all the villages. the history of the Khasi Jaintia Hills; However, the selection has been announced only in one or two newspapers and this is a barrier to the youth job seekers to take up the police position.
This is the first time I've seen Oil India Ltd., Duliajan.
The KSU leaders said that this donation of food items to the people is to help the people who are facing difficulties during the lockdown to curb the spread of the disease.
He said that shriew is a food that the people in Khatarshnong area grow and eat but to say that they don't have rice is surprising when the leaders have taken action by planting shriew. the village leaders to ask if they had received food.
What we have to do is to look after, change, renew and look after, without discrimination against those brothers and sisters of our state Meghalaya, those are the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, so that we can see that our nation will rise,” said Bah Adelbert.
This will be true if the government continues to play with the feelings of the people,” said Bah Adelbert.
“Is there anything hidden here?” he added. “I will wait for this letter from the Ministry of Health and I will answer as it is”.
Meanwhile, another passerby called to say that an ambulance carrying patients and needing to reach the hospital has been stopped for several hours.
Ummulong Cricket Club, who won the toss and elected to bat first, set a target of 265 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 35 overs.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Mizoram by 41 runs in the Men's U-25 State A Trophy today. fought in Guwahati.
However, Bah Adelbert did not force anyone to believe in his faith or religion, and what happened against him that day in the Assembly was because it is the religion of democracy itself. (not enough).
The entrance is narrower but when you enter, it is large and there are ponds that reach a few feet deep before reaching the large room.
The Minister today called a meeting with the Officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to discuss the situation in the country after the outbreak of COVID-19 in some parts of the country.
He said that the government needs to take immediate action so that the Kupli River will survive. He said that the Kupli River is one of the most prominent rivers in North East India but now the beginning of the The damage continues as the days go by.
When asked about this, Prestone said he had no knowledge of George joining the NPP. East Khasi Hills Police on 26th March arrested a group of four demanders in Shillong, who used the names of seven NGOs which they have never heard of before.
“It doesn’t mean that all CHC staff are irresponsible.
Chandrayaan-3 will orbit the moon for 15 days before entering lunar orbit on 5th July 2023, having traveled nearly 4 lakh kilometers away from Earth. the world and that he would be able to land on the moon.
In a statement sent by the KSU, the KSU has sought clarification from the Director of DERT, Kong RS Manner regarding the construction of the BITEs building in Byndihati. just stay idle without actually implementing it.
He said that the National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology (NIELIT) will be set up in Meghalaya in the next 15 months to help the youth to start their careers. Chandrashekhar said.
He said the body of the girl was found this morning after she fell into the water.
The show will be produced by Joe and Anthony Russo and is scheduled to be released on the 28th of this month.
“Kong Nongrang also expressed the need to strengthen the work of the intelligence department as without this department it will not be possible to fulfill its duties to achieve its goals.
Regarding private vehicles, Prestone said that no vehicles will be allowed to travel throughout the state, except those who have vehicle passes.
Rai on the jutang is not the power of money.
Nine candidates have been cast in West Garo Hills, two in North Garo Hills and one in South West Garo Hills. incident or disturbance.
Lok Ayukta is a Hindi word that means “Assistance for the people through a government servant or Commissioner.
The tournament was held as part of the Golden Jubilee celebrations of the WJDSA (1972-2022).
Furthermore, Bah Sanbor directed the PWD department to immediately repair the roads which have been covered with snow, and to look into which roads in South Shillong need to be repaired.
Know that if you follow only 5 days, your children will be known whether they are the best or the worst in the society.
He also assured that the party under the wise leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, one of the wise leaders in the state, can provide a bright future for the state as a whole.
The POCSO Court on 3rd July, has sentenced the suspect to 10 years imprisonment, a fine of T.30,000, under Section 6 of the POCSO Act and imprisonment for another 10 years. T.5000 under Section 506 IPC. In another incident, a robber raped a 13 year old girl in November, 2018 and this man named Pynshailin Sangriang, was arrested by the police. Police from Nongstoiñ Police Station on a complaint lodged against him on 25th November
Not everyone with this disease shows the same.
Before the chief guest, Salseng C Marak gave a speech to the students and showed them the value of education.
After the completion of this road, it will be easier for people to travel from Shillong to Tura to avoid traveling through Assam.
It is alleged that the TMC candidate played a loud song at about 7-8 pm but even after the neighbors requested him to stop playing the song due to the intimidation of the children who were studying. Sofiqul Islam, Abdul Ahmed, Mukul Sangma, Shahajahan and others have joined hands.
We are recognized even in the Constitution of India in the Sixth Schedule,” said Bah Mayralborn.
Bah HDR was buried behind his home in Sohïing.
Once you break your word or your covenant, you don't forgive anyone, whether small or large.
The two NSCN members who escaped on that day were robbers who had been imprisoned for about six months before escaping.
The 18th Open Badminton Championship 2021 organized by the Loompyrdi Ongpiah Sports & Games Committee came to an end on Saturday at the Indoor Hall of Seinraij Jowai.
The meeting was conducted by M. Kharkrang, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shilong. Mawryngkneng, Bah Klin Kharsati, who demanded from the Chief Guest that there is a need for female police officers as there are too many kiad vendors in the area.
On the eve of its 35th anniversary, the HNLC congratulates all its members, whether in the military or political fields and also its leaders, who have taken part in the peace talks with the HNLC. The Government of India, or the party, calls the Indo-Hynniewtrep Peace Talk.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh said that how can the party allow these foreigners, when their fellow citizens don't get jobs? The Administration of Nongstoin Hima, 2006, which does not allow foreigners to work within the boundaries of the Hima Nongstoin Hima.
Shillong, June 04: The Raid Mawlam Hima Khyrim Syiemship, Ri-War Mihngi, Pynursla Block, Eat Khasi Hills will be held on the 23rd June, 2016 at the Shad Square. Speaker.
If the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadadars, Raid Chiefs, Doloi, Nokma, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, Village Officers and the people assist the District Council to monitor, think and search and ban foreigners and foreign authorities from entering their villages, the work of the ILP is a success, which the state government through those police do not have the authority and will never be able to do. too.
Shillong, July 10: The Meghalaya Government has decided to implement the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriages Rules, 2015, said the Secretary of the Excise, Registration, Taxation and Stamps Department.
Bah Marwein is from Mawkyrwat and lives in Mawiong with his wife and two children.
The title of Miss South West Khasi Hills District 2022 was won by Lapynhun Dkhar, the first runner up was won by Ibadonbok Syiemlieh and the second runner up was won by Amanda Paleishisha Kurbah Syiem.
He said that these books will help in improving the lives of others.
The General Manager of DCIC said that his office will continue to work hard to improve the income of the khiew makers in collaboration with various government departments.
Rambrai has been without an MDC since April last year when its MDC Bah KP Pangiang and six other MDCs resigned following the government's passage of the Drug Ban Act.
This was announced by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Tuesday.
Nongstoiñ: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of eight political parties of Mawshynrut area in collaboration with the Union of Village Authorities of Umdang Area, today visited Shalang area to suspend the operation of the coal burning factories in the area.
The motorcycle ride was held in two phases across nine states and each phase covered some of the most challenging and beautiful terrain in the northeast of the country and to also witness the festival The most famous Hornbill Festival in Nagaland.
Remember that Shillong is surrounded by troops and the troops always check the movement and work.
Other meetings were held on how to use social media to avoid being exploited.
Wanshwa, Diamondz and MCK have composed the vocals, rap and composed the song. The song has been composed by Dameyo Suting and Priya Mery Lyngdoh. teach you to Kitbor and Nongtdu.
The Court also said that there may be a competition between the State and Coal India Limited where the State expects CIL to mine coal while CIL says it has set up a committee without and inform the Court how to go and collect the coal.
evening.
“The BJP government in Delhi has not done anything as it promised to provide jobs to the youth, but it is thinking about how to fight against alcohol and dress,” Guarav said.
The price guides the farmers and encourages them, especially when the price of the products they sell is high in the market.
Dhubri Superintendent of Police Mridu Lananda Sharma said police have registered a case under Section 276 and conducted a medical examination and a statement from the woman.
Speaking to media, BJP State Unit President Ernest Mawrie said that he recently met with Sarma on the issue. The Government of India has also directed the NGT to investigate the matter.
Jhalupara Police Station on receiving a tip, rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation.
One is the husband wife relationship and the other is the husband wife relationship and parents children relationship.
“This shows that the people have a strong confidence in us the UDP party,” said the Secretary of the Seng.
The State Government has provided special aircraft to evacuate students and residents of Meghalaya from Manipur.
Robertjune said that before they start the protest, they will prepare well by consulting with the intellectuals of the state so that the protest will be strong and strong. which can force the Government of India to grant the ILP to the state.
Of these 72 cases, 54 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 52 cases from civilians, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi, 9 cases from West Garo Hills, 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 3 cases from East. Garo Hills has 3,940 recoveries and 47 deaths.
The DC has requested the public to go to these places on the 19th of this month to register for the Aadhaar Card. The applicants must also submit their EPIC, Pan Card etc. (POI), Address (POA) and date of birth (DOB), other documents can also be obtained by looking outside the Aadhaar form.
When they need the benefits they don't get them, so I think they go and ask Assam to come and do the development works there.
There are still places like Shillong, the capital of the state where the provisions of the Sixth Schedule do not apply at all and also where many foreigners come to live,” said Bah Roy. Copper Synrem.
The SSSM also prays for them to have healthy bodies and that God will be with them throughout the exams.
“Some have spoken on this issue, but for decades we have had the state and we have not had that formula right.
Muay Thai boxer Skhemborlang Marweiñ from Nongriat will prepare for three more pro fights to be held in Bangkok, Thailand.
These are the ones we call “The sweet souls of the villagers.
The High Court has said that the government should implement the doctrine of equality, Articles 14, 16 and 39(d) of the Constitution of India which means equal pay for equal work. .
He said the state government has appointed a Judicial Commission to investigate the incident at Mukroh and has decided to ensure a fair trial for the refugees and their families.
These people were fined for driving under the influence of alcohol, driving motorcycles without helmets, changing silencers, smoking and others.
“If the government does not listen to this demand, we will announce more protest programs to follow,” he said.
The Assam Government has no right to own and occupy the land of the Khasi Hills without any basis.
Spasterlin Nongrem Secretary of the Nongrem Kur, said that the Kur urges the people to resolve the issue immediately to avoid the bloodshed. The Nongrum Kur also did not accept them after they had examined and found that they were not the Kur Lajong.
The JSU has strongly criticized and condemned the current EC, because according to the CEM's statement through the media on the 1st of this month, it shows that the EC has no power.
JJ Sawian has sent a statement saying that the allegations against him are groundless but he said that the Syiem of Sohra has violated the right to land and shyiap of the Hima Sohra. The Executive Dorbar also violated the rights of Bashailin K.Ryja, daughter of Panora K.Ryja.
“Where are you going?” asked the mother and carried the market bag.
Mukhla FC has qualified for the final of the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia Sports Association (WJDSA) in Jowai.
The UDP-HSPDP has nominated Robertjune Kharjahrin, the National People's Party (NPP) has nominated Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong and the Congress has nominated Agatha K. Sangma from Tura. Vincent H. Pala from Shillong and Saleng Sangma from Tura, the TMC has nominated Zenith Sangma from Tura, the VPP has nominated Ricky Andrew J. Syngkon from Shillong. Lakhon Kma and Peter Shallam from Shillong seat and Laben Marak from Tura seat.
She urged the residents of Ri Bhoi District to accept these trainings which have reshaped their thinking on blood donation and encouraged them to be the first in the state to come forward to become voluntary blood donors. donor' is a voluntary donor.
He said that Mylliem C&RD Block will set up another Block to strengthen its work at Mawlai; Umsning C&RD Block will be established in Bhoirymbong District; The Selsella C&RD Block and the Betasing C&RD Block will be established at Dendema and Rerapara.
The elections are scheduled to be held in seven districts in the state and the first phase of polling will be held on 19th June.
She said she immediately called out 'u nongtuh nongtuh' but the thief fled the scene.
This is the biggest and most difficult challenge facing these two States.
Regarding the arrest of the three persons, Monu M.Aarengh, father of the child, said that according to the investigation, he as the father and who had suffered sorrow, he found that these three men were not at all involved in the murder of his son, but that the others mentioned above were indeed involved in the murder of his son. he strongly suspects that they are involved in his son’s murder.
The High Court has ordered the state police to stop searching illegal coal trucks. The coal mining has been a serious matter for the state police and one also involved the state government.
“May you be blessed to get a job and save your household,” said the old man.
Hector Marwein IAS has lodged a complaint against the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma on the grounds that IAS, who was born in 1985, was ahead of MS Roa. He joined the IAS in
He said they have seen the Prime Minister's statement that the government will soon meet the Home Minister in Delhi to demand the setting up of a team of inquiry whether by the CBI or the NIA. or by commissioned films.
Members of JTHOA gathered at Tuber Takhniang, Tuberkmaishnong since morning under the leadership of President Nidamon Chullet and stopped and returned all the trucks carrying dewbilat and clinker and sent them back to the factories coming from Lumshnong. and other places.
During his speech, Bah Ardent also spoke to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and said, “This is not the behavior to be expected from a member elected to the Legislative Assembly. The state shall not speak so during the speech of the Lat in the Legislative Assembly.
Donald Thabah said that Bangladeshis have entered our land to cultivate illegally, but the BSF troops have not done anything and it is the members of the KSU who have come down to destroy the land. illegal cultivation of their land in parts of the Khasi Hills.
“There has been a 22.7 percent increase in violence against women and 27 percent increase in violence against children since
The meeting was attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills and the Regional Committee for West Karbi Anglong District. Pijush Hazarika.
Nongpoh, Lber 17: Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State and National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Shillong Seat on Saturday met with the National People's Party (NPP) candidate for the Lok Sabha elections. NPP leaders in Jirang Constituency as part of the preparations for the election.
He was removed from the posts of party chief and working president by the Shiv Sena.
Please send us your required documents by email at contact@easternpanora.
“We will continue to support any candidate whom Bahdeng Embhah supports and wins,” said the President of the UDP Women's Wing.
Other candidates will be only as candidates to increase the number of candidates in this election.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Contractors implementing water supply schemes in West Khasi Hills under the umbrella of PHE today met with the Minister in charge of PHE to discuss the issue. Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah J.T.S Thongni said that the contractors have informed the Minister that they have decided to suspend the implementation of the JJM scheme while the government has not renewed its decision to cut the JJM scheme. they shall not receive it.
Ma Lahkmen said that at about 1.45 pm on 10th November 2022, the Warden entered the gate of the third section, but was attacked by these prisoners who forcibly opened the gate. 2 and 3 by attacking the guards.
Being a leader in any group or organization is not an easy task because why? The first is that a leader must have the quality of a leadership from his personal life. He must also be disciplined in all aspects. to be a reproach to such and such in the world.
The sudden protest by the students of the college came after the end of a five-day protest against the government on the demands of the Kiang Nangbah Government College Students' Union (KNGCSU). diat last year.
Shillong: Teachers in Meghalaya have faced problems regarding the results of D.El.
Radium (226) has a similar effect on calcium but if ingested it affects the bones, bones and milk glands.
This bapli has read such explanations which separate us between Khasi and Jaintia.
Flights will be operated only twice a day, on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Mr. SS Kynjing, Deputy Inspector General of Police (Security) has been appointed as Deputy Inspector General of Police (Administration).
Many people were surprised by the vote of the BJP in the last election, but on the other hand, he said that the vote that the BJP received was not as expected. I expected to get 1,50,000 votes and if not 1,20,000 votes, but we didn't get as much as we planned. The votes are lost especially in Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Khlur.
Shillong, June 3: In a meeting between the War San Lyngdoh Samla, Village Executive Committee and SSSS, the War San Lyngdoh Village Executive Committee (SSSS) has discussed various issues. region since the independence of the state.
On the opening day of the tournament, 15 bouts were held in the Sub-Junior, Junior, Youth and Elite categories.
The HYC was led by Macfairson Dkhar Organizing Secretary and the FKJGP was led by E Khonglam Information Secretary.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah T.Lyngwa IAS, while speaking as the chief guest, said that this is a new job and he has never found in the State that He encouraged the participants not to stop after the training.
He remembered all the things that happened under the leadership of the Modi government.
He said that the village authority will investigate itself and will invite all the households whose garbage truck has already collected garbage to investigate thoroughly to find out the people who broke the garbage truck. children inside the car.
In the 3rd division, Mawdngong FC beat Mawkynroh FC to win the title, while in the 2nd division, Laitmawhing FC beat Thainthynroh FC. SC beat Pamsanngut SC 5-4 on penalties after scoring 10 goals.
The Word of God clearly states, "Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on these the second death hath no power; but they shall be priests of God and of Christ. and they shall reign with him a thousand years:Revelation 20:6
“Is it right to oppose anything that we don't know well, especially as public leaders,” he said.
All members of the public are requested to cooperate with the police by providing information and their names will not be released.
It is also believed that the Governor supports the resignation of the Chief Minister Brahmananda Reddy.
R Harikumar, Chief of Air Staff, VR Chaudhary and Defense Secretary Girdhar Armaane and other government officials from the central government.
The officer had not arrived.
Finally, the union would like to congratulate all the students who have done well in the Khasi subject in the recent examinations, said a statement from Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Vice Chairman Education Cell. Khasi students' union (CEC).
The rally was attended by young men and women riding two wheelers carrying the UDP flag and shouting “ha ka Bom” along the way.
In this regard, the teachers of NEHU have decided to hold a protest from tomorrow, July 26, in which thousands of people will hold iong flags as a sign of protest. and the next day they will turn to the Administration to force the EC to implement the approval received from the Review Meeting.
Defending the MDC appointment in KHADC which has become vacant after the resignation of Gabriel Wahlang, HDR said that there is a difference in the appointment of MDCs in GHADC and KHADC. The AD Rules stipulate that the MDC shall be appointed according to the opinion of the Council, while the KHADC stipulates that the MDC shall be appointed at the discretion of the Governor.
From Thangbuli, Iongpiah, Malki and to Pyndengrei there are many religious groups, Kurs and Himas, one ethnic group.
The voice of the people of Riwar Pynursla.
There are many matti here in the Bri u Hynniew Trep but it has been told to the ancestors that they are all Khanatang or puriskam to sleep their children around the lyngwiar dpei through duitara and marynthing.
Thank you very much!!!.
It also said that this connection will be at the discretion of the voter and will also be transparent and hidden from the public.
Shillong Lajong FC have expressed their delight to return to the I-League after four years of relegation.
About 40 customers of the ATM at Mission Compound Shillong were surprised when the ATM did not withdraw all the money they had requested but only half of the money.
Michael and Mariahom are the two candidates who have applied for the BJP ticket for the 2023 elections. Speaking to media, Bah Kharkhrang said that the preparations for the 2023 elections have gone smoothly and the supporters and office bearers have worked hard to ensure the victory. On the number of candidates from 17-North Shillong, Bah Kharkhrang said, “Many candidates don't say but the voters now unanimously say that they want the election. They want to see a person who can bring about economic development, although there are many candidates but the people know who can bring about economic development”.
Shillong: The State Government has prepared two bills, one on the Meghalaya Right to Public Service Bill, 2020 and the other on the Interstate Council Secretariat. and these will be brought to the dorbar to be held in November.
Tomorrow, heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas; In the state as a whole, there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms and heavy rainfall.
"“In the last four and a half years, the State has gone through many challenges and overcome them.
The Son of God came in the light, but men loved the darkness.
In Meghalaya, the number of voters has increased by 55,971 per annum between 2023 and
While the Kñia Syiem Duwan is the sacrifice of the Syiem Duwan who is the Lei iing Lei Sem, it is said that in all these rituals they are good and accepted by God or Gods.
The Workshop cum Seminar was inaugurated by Bah HK Thabah MCS and ADC West Khasi Hills. The workshop was attended by officers from all departments of the Government. District.
Shillong: The Convenor of the NEDA, who is also the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, recently convened a meeting among the BJP leaders in Meghalaya to discuss the allegations that there is a illegal coal mining and trade in Meghalaya.
He advised the members that they can raise their issues in the right way and they can also discuss their problems with the Presiding Officers outside the dorbar.
If the two MLAs had not changed, the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hills would have been happy and hopeful for a brighter future for the new change of rule. this is your country.
Speaking on the occasion, u Wailadmi Shylla said that it is necessary to have a cooperation between the government departments, IVCS and the farmers in these blocks so that the income of the farmers in these blocks can be improved. farmers.
On the other hand, Bah Sunesh said that the visit to conduct this initiative was successful and he was very pleased to see the enthusiasm of the youth especially those who came from the districts. He hoped that this visit would be an inspiration not only to the children but also to the officials of the West Garo Hills. Garo Hills Football Association, Garo Hills to work hard to gather together talented young players to showcase their talents.
“Until now, we are very happy and we remember the image of him when we play in different fields.
The NIA has also arrested the mastermind of the gang, Kumkum Ahmed Choudhury, who operates from Bangalore.
Shillong, November 18: “When we turn to what we need to do for the environment, we turn back to his poems, when we turn to the preservation of culture and traditions, we turn back to his writings, He is an example for our Khasi youth,” said Bah RG Lyngdoh on the occasion of the 75th death anniversary of Myllung Soso Tham here in Shillong.
Two candidates have already filed their nomination papers , Premier Sing Khongbeh from Ingtrep and Kolon Ryngnga from Waitbnoh .
Shillong, July 05: Former EM of KHADC and now Minister in the MDA government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has strongly criticized Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit for the steps taken in 2015 to lead the people. They turned to the Secretariat to demand that the government should remove the construction of MUDA buildings in non-urban areas from the MUDA Building Act.
According to a statement from Bah Adelbert Nongrum Working President of KHNAM, the incident of petrol bomb blasts across the country as reported in the media during these days of protests especially the incidents of shoplifting by foreigners. One Ïewduh and one in Khyndai Lad area near Dreamland which happened today, 26th November 2013 may be because some people took advantage of this time to promote the name of the Sengbhalang.
They were arrested along with bags of drugs worth T.7 lakh.
Even now, Meghalaya is facing poverty due to lack of connectivity in rural areas, lack of electricity and lack of health facilities,” he said.
But they are hid from thine eyes. Luke 19:34-44.
The Accessible India Campaign launched by the Government in 2015 to open up public places and transportation facilities for people with disabilities There is a lack of access to information and communication technologies.
Police said the three men were arrested before they kidnapped the son of a rich man (whose name has not been revealed) and tried to hand over his son to the HNLC. They said that the three men had planned to tie up the son of the rich man and after he did not know anyone else, they would kidnap him, but in this incident he did not die, but he was seriously injured. from your head.
“As discussed, even the ministers and chiefs have links with any political party, so just by being accused, not to issue certificates is wrong”.
Nongrum said the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has said that the ILP Act is dead but this is not the case.
DM Suja and OC Women Police Khliehriat, O Tyngkan conducted a raid in Sohkymphor-Byrwai area while Bah S Marwein together with police chiefs and their team raided Dkhiah East. and Dkhiah West.
The Cabinet Meeting should have been held for this purpose before the outbreak of Coronavirus.
Prof. M. Chakravarty gave the welcome speech and Prof. I. Rynjah gave the welcome speech.
Returning to the celebration programme, the leaders of the Khasi Student Union, under the leadership of its President, Samla Wanbokstarwell Marngar, laid wreaths at the monument. Syiem Tirot Singh at Fire Brigade Square, Shillong.
HANM President Shaniahlang Suchen has urged the state government to immediately release the coal approved by the NGT for auction and stop it immediately. coal imported from abroad to prevent the spread of COVID-1
She said that the disease is very serious and difficult to treat and there is only one ART center in the state which is located at the Civil Hospital.
She said that the Cabinet has approved the Meghalaya State Organic and Natural Farming Policy on 11th July
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Adwin Swer as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Pradip Blah as the chief guest and Bah AL Hek MLA Pynthor-umkhrah as the special guest.
Shillong, Nailar 13 : In commemoration of the Second Death Anniversary of former HNLC Leader and Former General Secretary, Bah Cherishstarfield Thangkhiew, a ceremony was held on Tuesday. Visit to the Mount of Cemetery in Lawmali.
There is a need for encouragement to those who have fallen victim to this evil that it is possible to leave it.
In July this year, a program was held at Lum Shillong in the presence of the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma on the occasion of the handover of Lum Shillong.
However, it is up to the youth to stand firm in the midst of many difficulties and struggles, because to work for the party you have to be like trees.
“After receiving information about this, we sought the assistance of the Assam Police who were ready to help us and we went to the scene to search the house where the prisoner was imprisoned. Mahindra Rai,” said the Chief Superintendent of Police.
Shillong, Nailar 04 : The Lawei Ri Sports Social & Cultural Club Shillong, will celebrate its 20th Anniversary with various sports programs starting on the 27th November 2022 at the Indoor Sports Hall. Mowdatbach, Mawley.
Erwin said that this Government has always believed that it is the only one who can resolve the border, but previous Governments have tried to resolve the border but after they felt However, in the present Government, besides not knowing and understanding anything regarding the border, it has affected this issue and lost many land.
He said that the Governor had fixed the date of the election on the 12th, but due to the resignation of the Chairman, the election could not be held but it was postponed to the next day. chairman first to conduct the election, when the chairman resigned it shows that the nomination paper for the CEM candidates has died and another one has to be filed,” he said. The State Government, KHADC and Protem Chairman have to respond to the complaint.
Shillong Lajong FC beat Lumdiengngan SC 10-0 goals by the end of the first half. Babysunday Marngar of Shillong Lajong FC scored five goals. alone.
Diengshynrum SC beat Umlyngsha Youth SSC 5-0 in the fourth quarter match at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat on Thursday.
Once a year, lymbit and various species of birds visit Jatinga.
It is expected that the income generation in the development of this village will open up opportunities for employment especially for the people of this village.
The meeting was conducted by Bah KS Suchiang President KSU Narpuh Circle and the winners will be awarded with prizes and certificates.
“Are you happy, are you sure that the state will continue to spend all its money?” he asked, adding that the state's revenue has now reached more than Rs 13,000 crore.
Gabriel, who was elected as MDC of KHADC, has resigned after winning the ticket to contest the MLA elections from Nongstoin constituency on 21st November.
And when Peter was come down to the house, he saw Simon, as he had made ready the meat.
Regarding the allegation of betrayal, he said that these MLAs have not betrayed their people, they have not betrayed the principles of the party but they stand on the issues and principles of the party. They demanded that the Sengbhalang should clarify their allegation and the allegation of treason is completely wrong.
He said that Meghalaya has become a hub of drug trafficking and not only a transit route which has also led to the death of many youngsters. , the situation within the state is very poor.
Therefore, the Union is not aware that the time may come when something tragic will happen to the people in the villages.
“The shortage of meat cutters is due to the fact that the government has not issued any ban and they are no longer allowed to cut meat in the villages or places where they used to cut meat. inside the village.
This is the 47th branch of MCAB to be opened in the state and the 6th ATM in the state.
“If this school can be completed, it will be of benefit to the students of the area and the delay in opening this school has been a great loss to the children living in the villages. HYC Ribhoi West President Bah RC Thangkhiew said in an interview with the media.
The union said that the existence of the market will strengthen the border of the state to avoid border crossing with Assam and will also increase the production of coal in the state.
Shortly after, the family, accompanied by some neighbours, went to the residence of SSP Kathua and told him about what had happened.
There are 65 students in class Xi.
The house was built not only for the police but also for others who are on duty to monitor the movement of vehicles especially trucks and heavy vehicles.
Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine on 24th June this year in which troops and tanks reached Kyiv.
He also requested for the extension of the rules of the PM-USHA scheme, which will benefit the Universities of the State, which is still in the early stages of implementation.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that there are less than 2,000 foreign shops in Ïewduh and many of these shops do not have trading licenses. Speaking to u SP News Agency, the General Secretary of KKKBH, Kong S.Marweiñ in the presence of shopkeepers in Ïewduh, urged foreigners who do not have trading licenses to stop shopkeeping. it shall destroy and destroy the land.
Ms. Dhar Construction Company through PWD Central Division, Jowai has completed the construction of this road at a cost of Rs 46.6 crore.
The leader of the Hynniewtrep Nongiew Association, Kong Victoria Marweiñ, after the meeting with the CEM of KHADC, said, “On that day, that Khasi women should come out and speak in such a way. We don't know the truth about what the District Council does and the Dorbar does.
Congress leaders have alleged that this is an act of violence by the NDA government and under the leadership of Narendra Modi and Amit Shah, India has become a dictatorship.
We the paid Khasi Pnars are indeed the owners of the land of this area.
They also have to spend years and invest lakhs just to get a degree to become skilled in various fields.
According to information received by the civil society, the government intends to hand over the Dainadubi one to private companies and plans to set up another one in West Garo Hills.
In this regard, the EM Elaka said that the EC will look into whether it is necessary to issue a notice so that it does not conflict with the provisions of the Clan Bill.
The Hima Jaintia, which is surrounded by rivers, is roadless throughout the rainy season but is very rich even during the drought and can produce rusom, ryndia, muslin (kynphad) fabrics. , silver, weapons, tynsah guns, earth guns, bakhor, horses, horse bniat, rice, ktung, cashews, soh niamtra, kwai tympew and others etc.The Hima Jaintia and the Hima The Khasi can be said to be the supporters and protectors of all the ethnic groups living in the North East of India through their ability to make and produce silver tools and their knowledge of cultivating rice in the fields.
Trinamool Congress Leader and Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma has addressed a rally held on 11th June at Mowkaiaw, West State. Jaintia Hills, where he strongly criticized the NPP-led government. To seek the support of the people of Mowkaiaw, Dr. Mukul said, “Our struggle is against the authorities, who who want to take away our land, our freedom, and our faith.
Ramdev also called on the government authorities to punish those who issue false statements.
UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that without any sympathy, the UDP candidate will win.
After the condemnation, a statement sent by the RBYF leader said that the RBYF strongly warns against those who are hostile to destroy the Christmas banners of the units. The organization will find these enemies, will not forgive them, but will give them a strong warning.
He said that it is not useful for the kur if they are rich if they are not educated. He said that these days we should not send our children to school just to get government jobs, but if they have the education. he was able to do many other things.
Speaking to media, Bah Pyniaid said that the new Executive Committee in KHADC will take seriously the border issue, the problems faced by the people in different villages, which fall under the The boundary of the KHADC especially in relation to the Khadar administration.
This is Mawsniang village which falls under Sohiong Block.
Psalm 14:2
At NEHU Shillong, it was also reported that some research students have not received their salaries for more than five months.
Celso Carvalho of the University of Sao Paulo, Brazil and his colleagues have compared exercises to strengthen the chest with those exercises in ringing and breathing that show signs of stroke. samples from 58 cases of severe and chronic pneumonia on examination.
The fighting lasted for five hours on Tuesday night and the People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops of China used nar, guns and guns. 16 Bihar Regiment, News 18 reported.
These four girls from the state will take part in the camp along with other athletes from four other states in the North East Zone including Sikkim, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh.
The deceased include two elderly men and one mother.
Thank you and keep the world informed"
Dashmat Rawat, when asked, said, “This incident happened in 2020 and I was drunk and I didn't hear anymore. he is a judge.
The foundation is also broken.
The Dolloi's statement that they have not complained to him is wrong because the Rangbah Shnong from time to time have told the Dolloi that he should not recommend this place but he has not listened to them. At the same time, the Waheh Shnong has criticized the Dolloi for not going because without proper information or without any written notice from the Dolloi to survey this area because the Shnong has She has also lodged a complaint with the Revenue Officer, said the Waheh Shnong.
Billy Graham Marak, Superintendent of Police (VIS) Shillong, has been transferred and appointed as the Commandant of the 5th MLP Bn, Samgong.
Besides, the Minister of Home Affairs laid the foundation stone for the construction of Zorinpui-Longmasu NH-502A, Aizawl Bypass (Package-1), NH-6; construction of Aizawl Bypass (Package-3), NH-6; and the construction of the Laldenga Centre.
The Durga Puja will end at midnight until the religious groups visit the Lyngdoh, Pator Khyllep, Pator Pyrda and the Dolloi with the sound of ksing, kyn-oi and rwai.
The Nepali has lodged a complaint with the Assam Police and the Assam Police have arrested several Khasi elders. Mawlan, Umwahsiang, Umwali and other villages left their homes, livestock, farms and came to Kyndongei near Mawkapiah, Nonglang and Kyrdum and settled there. There are also those who have moved to Nonglang, Nongstoin and other places.
In recent years, it has been closed due to the lack of beautification and improvement of tourist attractions.
The injured were identified as Sam Mohammad, Billal Hussain, Kamal Uddin, Nur Mohammad Khan and Neshan Singh.
The club has not scored or conceded a single goal in all four matches and in each match the club has left empty-handed against the teams in Group A. In Group-B, Mawlai, which won the tournament last season, includes Asnohktilang, Lumparing, Kharang, Synroplang and Maw U-Tieng.
We see here that evil deeds are more powerful than LOVE, RIGHTEOUSNESS and JUSTICE. Some differences between THOMAS JONES and HARRY INGLISH. In his life, he laid the foundation of gold and silver in his great efforts that will be proclaimed forever and ever.
If the electorate is happy to steal the money from some of the candidates from Nongkrem constituency, who have already started distributing, then disaster awaits us and our future generations.
In this regard, the President of the KSU, Nongpoh Circle, Samla Banpynshngain Lyngdoh, said that the KSU has expressed its deep sorrow over the negligence of the management of the Nongpoh Civil Hospital. they were willing to distribute expired medicines without thinking about the consequences of using expired medicines.
“According to the statistics in the state, TB is one of the leading causes of death.
Regarding the victory of the council, Thombor said that the work of the JHADC despite the lockdown is the ability to formulate the JHADC Forest Policy, the ability to prepare the annual accounts for the year 2017- 18 cases were also submitted to the AG, Shillong.
The English have already received two injections, so if they do it again for the third time, they will be stronger and able to fight the outbreak. covid, in the coming days.
The Cabinet of Ministers of India today approved to strengthen the powers of District Councils in the North East.
She concluded by saying, “To bring about any success or development in the villages or neighborhoods, it is necessary to work with love and also to have understanding”.
However, if I don't get a ticket, I will see again on that day when the ticket is announced,” said Aicifull.
He said that even in Parliament, they have now used machines to identify MPs. These have been linked to Aadhaar to enter Parliament.
From your bad speech, your relationship may be affected or ended, and even your performance may decline beyond your knowledge.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the traders in Paltan Bazar said that due to the closure of the bridge, they have had to pay more for the fare, which is between T.3 to T.5,0 It is also necessary for the trucks to travel for two days, from one day in the past. also, that they have to sell more expensive goods these days, from foodstuffs and other goods.
In 2008, the Government of Meghalaya developed a sports policy and it was revised in
She admitted that those who fled to other parties are because they don't feel they can compete with the working methods of Dr Mukul Sangma and they don't want to compete with him for the post of Prime Minister. and often during elections, they speak evil of others and do not treat themselves like angels.
Seven United have led the group with eight points, while Riangdo have six points with one game left.
On the other hand, the State Journalists' Conference has demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, James Sangma, should apologize for his insult to the journalists on 6th July
Unless they move fast, we will not be able to move fast,” Chalai said in an interview with the media in response to a question on the complaint that the NEC in the last few years has not been able to bring forward projects. not new because of lack of money.
The Wahehshnongs and Secretaries Shnongs should check carefully the applicants who should be financially sufficient, have adequate storage space and liquor storage space and should also be who knows how to write.
“The Chief Minister and the Minister of Transport and Commerce & Industries have taken the initiative to discuss this issue as well as the price of new trucks in the state according to the announcement of the state government on 13th July 2020,” he said. Your letter to the DC of East Jaintia Hills.
Among the village leaders who witnessed the event, were Bah Donbor Mawlong, Chairman of the JAC of Kyrdemkulai and Shilliang Umtrew villages. Kharlukhi, President of the JAC of Kyrdemkulai and other village leaders in the area.
Guwahati: A software engineer student, Chow Abhijeet Gogoi, has joined the ULFA.
“If Bah Pala can go abroad just to shake hands with the Pope, what is the problem for him to shake hands with his own people,” said Bah Nongtraw.
Cecilia Syiemsad and others who were invited to the occasion.
“Some of them don't even have the security deposit and some don't want to give the land for the construction of this road,” he said.
The retired officer is the Chief Engineer of MeECL and is known as Matthew Beyondstar Kurbah.
Through this festival, the SDO (Civil) of Sohra believes that the dreams and visions of Myllung Soso Tham through his writings for the world to come, will awaken and help us to learn. to reshape our nation to live and walk on the path of natural rights without drowning the past in the dark.
As children should have the ability to read books they should also understand their strengths and weaknesses, their opportunities and challenges. meet like a school child.
Through this platform, young sports lovers can also earn a living by playing internationally and signing for various clubs in the country. domestic and international as well.
“From time to time there have been allegations and on those allegations the government has appointed a team to investigate to find out the facts but after the investigation and submitting the reports they found that the allegations are not true. “It's just that the MDA government is being blamed,” said the Minister.
Nongstoin, Nailur 16: Nongstoin Police today arrested another robber for allegedly raping a 15-year-old girl from Myriaw West. Khasi Hills, in addition to the seven persons arrested on Friday.
Jowai, July 20: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Thombor Shiwat today introduced a Bill to empower the Dorbar Shnongs to establish Villages. to implement the development projects that come directly from the government known as the “Village and Town Development Council” Bill,
Kyrmen Hemiat Rymbui of Marian Hill Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
The residents of Mukroh have been angry over the entry of the Assam Police into their village.
The matches of the tournament will be played at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of education, Dr Roytre C Laloo, said that there are about 600 LP government schools in Khasi and Jaintia Hills with only one teacher while there are about 100 in Garo Hills.
When asked whether there is any dispute for the post of Chairman within the HNLC, he said, “There is no such thing, it is wrong information, there is no dispute for the post of leader.
Shillong MP Vincent H Pala has urged the supporters of other political parties to vote for the Congress in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June. come.
Out of the 12 people who have been on hunger strike for three days, only 8 people are left and four of them have recovered.
The KSU strongly warns that from today if it finds that they are still entering the boundary of the village, the KSU will take stronger action. At the same time, the KSU has urged the villagers to bring them. poiei to bill or to trade inside the village.
The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) Sutnga District has threatened to launch a mass protest if the government does not immediately shut down all the illegal Coke Factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, the driver went to Jowai to buy a new axle, while the handyman stopped the truck.
He said that the people of Garo Hills have voted not because of good deeds but because of the money laundering in this election.
In the women's category, Pynhunlang Puweing won the first prize, Jidalin Tympuiñ came second and Utiful Tympuiñ came third.
And as the days went by, there were more and more conflicts and they created the world with other problems.
“We have given ourselves 24-36 months and we will judge.
According to information, the UDP MLA from Mawkynrew may join the NPP and has had discussions on this.
This includes the allocation of T.294 crore from the Central Government and the allocation of T.55 crore from the State Government, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang. Dhar in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
The protest came after the silence of the State Government and GVK EMRI Management after the expiry of the two month deadline given by the Union.
The state police have launched a heavy alert after receiving an anonymous mail on Tuesday, which threatened to blow up bombs in all the courts, including the Meghalaya High Court.
He said that in the last election, he won more than 2,000 votes, but this time the party candidate Ricky Shullai, who is also his relative, will win more than that.
Sniawbhalang Dhar said the government will build new parking lots and this month the two parking lots will be allocated for the construction.
Even in the thylliej language, many people take it from the Pnar language, for example, they say "Loti" for the right, "a hok" for the Ong, "aphrang" for the victory. “rem” for the laha, “laha” for the duma, “duma” for the plate, “ka phleng” and so on.
He said that it will hold public meetings across the state and will have consultations with the residents and will also focus on social media to allow the people to give their opinions on the issues that are necessary and the a 3-month deadline was also set for preparing its policies for public presentation.
The demand for ILP in Meghalaya has been going on since 1973 and has intensified in 2012 when 13 political parties led by the KSU have intensified their demand for ILP in Meghalaya.
The Meghalaya team will have to play up to seven group matches, all of which will be held in Chandigarh, from 28th March.
He also won the 1-Nartiang Constituency with the highest number of votes in
Three of them are from Nalbari District and one from South Salmara.
According to sources, the incident happened on Friday evening near Ramphar Square in Mawthungmarwei village, Rambrai West Khasi Hills District, at about 5:00 PM.
On the other hand, Fr Arcadius explained briefly about the techniques that he has suggested together with the teachers to build e-bike and e-wheelchair especially as this era is one that requires thinking from for the good of the environment.
The state government has issued a notification to ban teachers from participating in political activities and the teachers have lodged a complaint against this in the High Court. .
He said that the allocation of funds is now to provide water to the villages which have lost water and the second is to provide water to those villages which have lost water. wells of water.
“This is to ensure the safety of traffic especially during the traffic jam,” said Prestone in reply to a question by Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh in the House. The bar is over.
(k) no one killed him but gave up his soul to the Father.
“The way to solve this problem is to have a law to empower the Rangbah Shnong,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
“Sports has grown well in the world, in the country and in our state as well and I have no doubt that one day bright stars will come out of this school as well, and most importantly you are to remember God,” said Grace Mary Kharpuri.
On the other hand, MeECL will reduce the power outage time in rural areas to 3 hours from 5 hours.
There are 220,114 people undergoing treatment, 347,978 recoveries and 17,400 deaths, with 507 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Therefore, he said that the union strongly warns all vehicle owners to be vigilant in this regard, especially not to park their vehicles in unsafe places.
The construction of the road will start in a few days so I urge the village leaders to work together with the PWD and also with the contractors to complete the road on time,” he added.
"“(However), I don't see any Minister, not even the Prime Minister or other senior Ministers.
The next morning, after receiving an FIR from the BDO of Mawsynram, the police took the vehicle to the police station.
We have seen that the electricity production and distribution companies in other states do not pay and cut off electricity from the households or factories or government companies if they do not pay on time.
Rev. Shanlang Wajri, who resigned from the post of Pastor, has joined the VPP to contest the MLA election in 2023 against the UDP leader, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Why is it necessary to work together because to go to tourist attractions you need to have good roads and paths.
“There is no impact on the party because we don't have other leaders who can lead the party and the people,” said Dr Lyngdoh.
Police have fired tear gas and baton bombs to disperse the clashes between farmers and villagers on the border of Singhu, one of the areas. the largest protest of the farmers.
This is because many of the voters have not agreed or opposed since the election day.
He also praised the work of Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam and for that reason, he wants to join the BJP. Shillong: Today, 18th July 2021, The State Government has called a meeting with all the managers of private hospitals to discuss the excessive bill increase for Covid-19 patients who have been admitted to these private hospitals and at the same time they have been appointed. by a Consultative Committee between private health centers and the Government to discuss and think for the benefit and satisfaction of the needs of the public.
On Saturday, seven new cases were confirmed, 26 recoveries and no deaths.
However, many parents are against this and many have asked for transfer certificates for their children and this will affect the school.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Sawsymper Sumo Drivers and Owners Association (SSD&OA) has given its full support to the curfew and office blockade in Mawsynram and Balat areas called by the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement on the 19th of this month. date of this month.
Replying to the incidents such as the flooding of the Mawiong bus stop, the collapse of the Mawlai Bye-Pass and other buildings, Bah George said that nature itself reveals. the work of this government.
“We will punish the owners of coal, truck owners and drivers of these trucks according to the rules of law,” said the SP. by WJH, you R Person.
The woman was identified as Jesica Malngiang, a mahajon who sells jhur in the market.
Replying to a question that if the VPP sends an independent team to investigate the complaints filed by Bah Iangrai, Bah Basaiawmoit said the party believes and relies on the rule of law. He said that the investigating agencies should not be involved with any authority in the state.
A team from the Forensic Science Laboratory Meghalaya has arrived to conduct the investigation and other legal requirements to confirm the death.
“According to the survey, nine blocks where model schools will be set up are very low in literacy,” said Prof Laloo. Khasi-Jaintia Hills is not less than women in Garo Hills.
“At present, the government is looking for and selecting ksiang to talk to the HNLC. “Because the government has taken action on this issue, it is expected that the HNLC will refrain from taking bad paths. but to come back on the right path for the peace and development of the state,” he said.
The cleanliness drive started from 9 am to 1 pm with the participation of officers, employees of various government departments and Scouts & Guides.
They also vowed to intensify their indefinite strike if the government does not take action on their demands.
Regarding the Rs 20 crore, he said that the KHADC has accepted the allocation of Rs 20 crore from the EC of KHADC for the improvement of the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah. The road is the right of the KHADC to improve because as of now, the road has not been completed.
According to the reporter's information from some government departments, the story received from them is that the government does not have money.
Looking at the proposal of the State Government, it was seen that there is a plan to allocate T.5,000 to each quarantine center for these returnees and if it is In this picture, it shows that the money is not for the purpose of providing food and drink, to take care of these quarantined persons, but it has become a gift to the villages. , without counting the salary of the Rangbah Shnong, Village Officers, Village Volunteers and the responsibility of the Village Authorities, for the fight against the disease.
“They have come to meet to monitor the Swadesh Darshan Scheme, as promised by KJ Alphonse last year,” he said.
Pala said that on that day, Dr Don was sitting in a room and said, “I also went to tell him to cooperate between the UDP and the Congress”.
The disease has killed 58 people in Assam.
But the more we talk, the more we see that there are few who have understanding.
Puja Committees without idols will be allowed only 9 persons with two small vehicles.
He said his intention to contest the election again is not his own.
There has never been a government in the past to help the youth.
She told her brother about the arrival of Bah Bok. “What did you say, hep?” Peter asked. “I came home today and talked a lot with my mother,” said Banisha.
In Nagaland, the BJP and NDPP have won in 49 constituencies, while the NPF has won in six constituencies.
New Delhi: After the polling today, various media reported that the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) will come back to power in the small state of Delhi for the second time. The AAP government in the state is expected to win two-thirds of the seats in the assembly.
This increase in insurance season will be a benefit to the families of the deceased agents, which will provide them with additional benefits.
Bethany Hospital has 58 beds and 2 vacancies, NEIGHRIMS Hospital, which has 155 beds, has 21 beds, Nazareth, which has 100 beds. The Robert Hospital, which has 50 beds, is now full.
On the other hand, the Congress party has demanded from the state government and the Election Department to provide police protection against him.
Donkupar Roy has held many positions in his short life including Lecturer, MLA, Leader of the Opposition, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prime Minister and Chairman of the the RDA and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
The story of the hospital is the service and dedication of the staff for the health of the residents, especially for the poor and the needy.
Even now we will stand against it,” said Daiapherbha.
Jowai, November 2 : The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang on Tuesday confirmed Ma Wanshwa Nongtdu as the President of the party in Jaintia Hills and four leading office bearers of the party. , Mr. One Way Talang as General Secretary.
US Defense Secretary Be Wallace said 15,000,000 Russian troops had been killed in the country's invasion of Ukraine.
However, it is surprising that the MDC of Nongthymmai never fails to attend the HSPDP meeting.
In the men's category, Nativity High School, Mawkyrwat won against Rangthong.
The match will be played at 2 pm at the same venue and tickets can also be purchased from the venue.
Through this market, farmers will be able to sell and store their produce so that it does not rot.
Wallam said that this is the first time that such a program has been held, and he hopes that another program will be held again. The children will be sent to Portugal for training or education.
The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has criticized the State Government for the implementation of the Roster System, saying that the Government has said that the Roster will be prospective while the number in the Roster The Register/Account has been adopted since 1972 which means that the roster will be retrospective.
Among the country's track & field athletes, Lili Das finished fourth in the women's 800m. The third final was won in 2:0
On the other hand, the Minister urged the people to have a strong determination on how to develop sustainable income, preserve water sources and promote growth. park in the community.
The tax rate for these companies will be 25.17% including surcharge & cess.
This shows that the world is nearing its end, the end of the climax is near.
Police also admitted that the doctor of the International Hospital in Dispur said that Victoria had cried and cried inside the hospital. The doctor who was supposed to treat her handed her over to the police with a report. The police took her to Dispur PS. Assam Police.
Tura, Lber 30 : The Achik Indigenous Justice Initiative (AIJIF) and the Dainadubi Circle Youth Organization (DCUO) have demanded that the government should immediately stop the sale of coal from Garo Hills. From South Garo Hills to Goalpara in Assam, trucks pass through Dainadubi, North Garo Hills.
This little town is absolutely beautiful.
The leaders of the two parties said that Assam has not respected the decision taken on 16 November 2021, in the presence of both the CMs of Meghalaya and Assam.
All, we pollute the environment.
Riangdo: The Meghalaya Youth Federation (MYF) Mawshynrut Circle, on the first day of this month, led by President Bah Pynshai Kharbani and Publicity Secretary Bah Raplang Synshiang, on Tuesday inspected the road from Riangdo to Mawthengkut.
Therefore, Rituraj Sinha's claim that the ILP will affect tourism is wrong.
Sakilan Chyrmang said that the union has already sent a letter to the PWD department and the relevant authorities to repair the bridge but unfortunately nothing has been done yet. do not believe faithfully.
Other political parties do not complain, and some accept the Roster System because they say that the problem is not the Roster System, but the Reservation Policy.
Perhaps all those who want to receive that power do as Jesus did.
Shillong: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to remove Bah Bindo M Lanong as MDC from the UDP after the EC led by the UDP failed in the KHADC. Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has appointed 10 EMs of the ruling coalition in KHADC and KHDF including some of the departments he has held.
This will be followed by a meeting of the MLAs of the MDA-II and a meeting of all political parties.
“We request the Mizo Students Union, Young Mizo Association and everyone to come and support us in this match tomorrow,” said Hmingsanga.
He said that KAS has no objection if the state government recognizes Garo as the official language of the state and the state government should amend the Meghalaya Language Act 2005 as it is the official language of the state. English is the Official Language of the State or the full language recognized by the Government.
Police said they had received information that Marak was planning to form a sprawling organization called the United Achik National Front (UANF).
Nongstoiñ: U JTS Thongni, former MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, today joined the National People's Party (NPP) in West Khasi Hills. NPP) in the presence of NPP Rambrai Block leaders including the President and MDC candidate of the party from Rambrai, Bah World Champion Paliar.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Idol Season 2 has postponed the online audition until 21st July 2020 for the contest.
Shillong: Police of Pynursla Police Station today arrested Kmensing Khongjee, Rangbah Shnong of Rimai Village, for smuggling beer worth about 1 lakh tyngka to Bangladesh.
The state government has not followed the directives of the central government under the Project Approval Board (PAB) and has pursued its own corruption policy by discriminating against teachers by taking their qualifications where there is little. The government has increased the salary of those who have completed the training from T.19,044 to T.13,335 for LP school teachers and T.20493 to T.14392 for U.P.school teachers.
The Bible speaks and speaks, teaches and gives hope.
KHNAM recalled that at the end of 2015, it had met with the MeECL authorities to ask for clarification on the delay in the resolution of the Jugali job which the job seekers have been fighting for since 2011 but the MeECL authorities have refused. The resolution will be announced in early
Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala said that the proposal for “One Nation, One Election” is no longer new. dep talked earlier.
Jowai, Naitung 08: Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang today launched the Skill Training Program for the youth to stand on their own feet. Solution and Plumber Genera' under the MSSDS was held at Bosco Pnar Multipurpose Vocational Training Centre, Salini Colony, Mihmyntdu.
Nongpoh, Nailar 18: As the eye disease has started spreading across the district and is also a contagious disease, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has appealed to all the people of Ri Bhoi District to They should take precautionary measures to prevent the spread of this eye disease.
When Jesus Christ comes again to this world, He will not come to forgive sins, nor will He come to die again on the cross of Calvary, but He will come in great glory as King of Kings, Lord of Lords. judge and rule for 1000 years.
He stressed that if the government introduces policies to assist referees in the form of stipends, it will be of great benefit to the youth who wish to become referees.
In Amos God says – “And I will bring again the captivity of my people, and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; and they shall make gardens, and eat the fruit of them; and I will plant them in their land, and they shall no more be plucked up out of their land which I have given them, saith the LORD thy God.
For this generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.
Speaking to reporters, Rangdajied Marwein, Adviser of NEHUSU, said that more than 200 students have lodged complaints against NEHU for giving wrong marks and about 60 students have been sent for correction. 30 students found that it was a mistake of Nehu in the marking system.” NEHUSU said that this is not the first time that students have been found guilty of fraud. It is said that it is for the students of NEHU.
He said that most of the residents especially in the border areas rely only on agriculture.
After the death of Buhsing tymmen, his brother, who was called Buhsing II, succeeded him as king. you are the one who died.
He said that part of the money has been allocated T.35 lakh to the PDF and it is not known whether it will be recovered or not. said to be deferred until raised from investment by various sources of investment.
Last year, two MDCs from Ri-Bhoi, Bah James Sylliang and Bah Donkupar Sumer together with the people, had gone to shut down the company for allegedly polluting the water. James Sylliang MDC Mawhati has also raised the issue in the KHADC dorbar which was held on 26th July last year. shut the door of the field.
Jowai Police Station: 8787494560 / 9863066565 Jowai PCR: 9774065467 /
You have a shisha and a knowledge of these Khasi medicine practitioners in the State.
“We will continue to arrest those who illegally occupy the Council's land,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
He said that the Sengbhalang Islam Jirang is eager to have its own school and church not only in the area, but also in other places.
Mawkyrwat, November 22: As a sign of condolences and sympathy at the same time, the Ultimate Legend Biker Association (TULBA) today donated money. and clothes for a family who were destroyed by a fire in Photjaud village.
Praising the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for bringing about change in Meghalaya, the resigned MLA said, “Why we joined the BJP is because we see that Modi can bring about many changes. changes.
They informed the District Council authorities that the market has turned into a hotbed of various crimes due to the construction of houses inside the market.
“There are some of those who have fallen into the trap, who have even threatened to kill themselves by stabbing or drinking alcohol for themselves and their children because they say they cannot be allowed to “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President AJYWO in a statement sent today.
Former Chief Minister and current Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma will also take part in the program in New Delhi.
The fact is that the 36,000 thousand phone calls we have received show that the incidents are very common,” he added.
This decision of the Supreme Court of Meghalaya has not only revived and encouraged the non-government teachers but has also revived the right and willingness to serve or work. of teachers to provide training, public awareness in all political activities.
He also said that the trust in God through unity does not mean to appeal to the people.
Sources said that this is the second time that the school has suffered from natural disasters since 2019 when the same roof of Kong Jopcy's house has collapsed and destroyed. This is the school.
“At present, the produce from War does not reach Shillong properly. Many of them have gone to Synteng, Pynursla, and some have come to buy from Bangladesh and other places and states because the buyers get money directly from the market. “It's not like we're going to Shillong,” said some of the traders.
For the past 25 years, Babu Dhar has provided Advanced Practical Training despite the challenges.
The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly requests all the churches within it to follow this advice issued in order to due to the surrounding circumstances and to relieve the believers from any difficulty. Statement by Rev P Hynniewta Senior Administrative Secretary of Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly.
Bindo said the present government is a government that has done corruption unlike other governments in the past. “We have experienced since the time of Captain Sangma, there has never been a government that has done anything wrong. The District Council, but it is only this government of Mukul Sangma,” said Bindo.
The NPP leader has a lyndep intention that he can no longer compromise on the materialistic basis for the sustainable development of Shillong.
In some cases, those who are close to the political agents, the more the country and the nation are destroyed, the happier and happier they are because their plans are fuller and fuller, while the people are more and more. poverty and misery.
Nongstoiñ, July 23: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, today said that the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, has said that the elections will be held next month. The Election Returning Officer of West Khasi Hills District has called a meeting with all the candidates of the three political parties from the three constituencies of Nongstoin, Rambrai Jyrngam and Mawshynrut. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a notice on the 18th of this month.
Classes are held every Saturday and SBUK teaches free of charge.
The flower of the kynphad, the leaf tobacco, the pea, the soybean, the sohmynken, the rice, the wheat and other plants is a perfect flower, which has both parts. within one and the same flower.
Although the area has been fenced from all sides, until November this year, there has been no restriction on the entry and exit of the area, where people especially children can enter and leave freely. area.
The whole of Italy has been closed for fear of spreading the coronavirus.
When asked, Bah Erwin said, “We will go to the border villages to collect all the dulir before we file a complaint in the Supreme Court.
“The government authorities are obliged to prove the detention, the detention will be for 3 months to 2 years, and any person arrested under this order, and According to the recommendation of the Advisory Board, according to the law, they should be arrested and remanded in a new court to appeal against this person”.
They said that this is the age of computers and children born in the last 10 years have no difficulty in using them even though they have not received any training while those who are older have difficulty in using them. if not that they have already learned.
The plane was found in a forest at Khidim in Arghakhanchi district.
“The Chief Minister should send a letter in response to our petitions, and we expect that during the dorbar, they want to have a discussion on the issue. These are the issues that affect our young people.
Shillong: Ka HANM has sent its condolences to the family of Samla Ready Lamare, who drowned at the Star Cement quarry.
Shillong: The Nongpoh Court on Tuesday sentenced Bah Julius Dorphang, former MLA of Mawhati Constituency, to The court has sentenced Bah Julius Dorphang to 25 years imprisonment and a fine of 5 lakh tyngka.
The BJP has started its campaign for the upcoming advance elections.
The State Government on Tuesday issued an order to suspend the issuance of the results of the recruitment examinations and also to conduct the recruitment examinations in the State.
“We hold this dance every year, in 2024 we have held it on the 13th, 14th and 15th which will be held for three days here at the Weiking Festival,” said Bah Rumnong.
Because of this, the disease is now very serious in Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 5 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has urged the government to show mercy to the contract teachers who have continued to sleep in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital, Shillong today. for 28 days.
The Longkmie said that the attempt to rob the area by these people happened yesterday, when some people from Assam, came to rob the area. this place of mine and to destroy it completely.
Speaking to media, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that no official letter has been received yet to hold the MDC election on the 27th of this month. June 2024.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma of the National People's Party (NPP) will complete two and a half years in November. government.
The MSCPCR has said that East Khasi Hills District has the highest number of complaints under the POCSO Act. South Garo Hills has the lowest number of women among the 12 districts of the state.
The meeting was attended by AP Syiem, Principal of Thomas Jones Synod College, Dr. DG Lyngdoh, Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Richard. B.Uriah.
The Indian health ministry has reported 8,356 cases so far, 273 deaths and 715 recoveries.
They also urged the government authorities not to turn their backs on one person, but to listen to the voice of the people.
“My actions speak louder when I do things, I do it for the good of the nation, my patriotism never fails.
“Many of us are well aware of your intention to remove many leaders of the North East, including Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister, from the post of Leader of MLAs,” he said. said Debbarma's letter.
You have 12 gates and 12 angels.
KHNAM also demanded that the government should stop the arrest of KSU members without any evidence or witnesses. “Muslim women's clothes were arrested but when we found out the truth, the robber was a Hindu,” said Batkupar.
Vehicle tax is collected from all commercial vehicles, while one time tax is collected only from private vehicles.
The reason why the pastor and his family members have sent a letter to the DC to talk to the district authorities of Kolasib District, is because they want their son and his friends, to return to their own state, in order to receive adequate treatment and other protective measures.
Among the trees there is a very valuable tree known as the Agor.
Jowai, July 26: The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) has demanded that the district authorities should immediately close down the illegal shops in East Jaintia Hills District. the village of Ladrymbai.
“Our demand is that the policy should be reviewed, because if not now, the future generation will face a big problem,” said Bah Donbok.
In this regard, the union strongly warns against those who take advantage of the name and especially against the members of the union who do not know the names of the union who signed the following names:-Bawallamkupar Khongmawpat (President, Sohra Labor Union)ph .
Babu Aris said that Meghalaya has announced for a long time to build a medical college, but it has not come to fruition, while Mizoram has already opened a medical college.
He said that in many blocks there are many problems where the payment of equipment fees have not been received yet although the central government has already released them.
The meeting was conducted by WJH BJP President Marki Mulieh and was also attended by party office bearers especially Sing Mulieh who is the State President of the BJP in charge of Scheduled Tribes.
Lyngdoh Mawphlang, in an interview with Rupang, said that the Prime Minister arrived at Mawphlang at 8 pm, where he was welcomed by the State Government. RV Suchiang, on behalf of the Hima, was welcomed by the Lyngdoh, who said that he dressed the Prime Minister in a ryndia.
' That means that the man is old enough.
According to the Minister, the government will focus on improving employment opportunities for the youth, as well as improving service delivery to the people by introducing new methods such as IT and strengthening the health department. health, education and others.
During PSG's tour of Asia, Kylian Mbappe did not think of being dropped.
In fact, he was scheduled to go to Tura, but he had to cancel and may come back to campaign later.
The OM said that if there is any problem, it should be resolved within two months of receipt of the complaint.
Special trains (40 trains) will be operated from 12-05-2020 according to the details mentioned below.
Whoever enters the ri-war with only 5-10 people is difficult to escape, he is injured himself, what will happen if the train arrives?    If you have lived without a train for hundreds of years, you can live longer than you have died before the time.
There are also many who go to jewelers shops to buy luxury items.
During the meeting, both the two demanded that Meghalaya and the North East should be exempted from the CAB. He promised to look into their demand and call for another meeting.
According to this order, shops in Pyndengumiong Village will reopen as usual from 7 pm tomorrow 10th November 2021 and the residents should continue to follow all the guidelines of the government in relation to the prevention and control of COVID-1
The final of the tournament will be played on the 27th of January at 4 pm.
When talking to some of the residents , whether this queue is every day or only today , they said that every day it is like this arsien three sien, but because of the length of the line, they had to drive away in the hope of completing the work on another day.
Although he had informed the CEM that he should cancel the tax of T.200 tyngka per truck, Man said that the CEM has not canceled the order.
Erwin also slammed the Khasi leaders in the state for forgetting their Khasi identity as soon as they enter the Secretariat. They forget their Khasi identity as soon as they enter the Secretariat,” he said.
On the other hand, in the judgment, it can be clearly seen from the beginning that those who fight for fatherhood in fact intend to divorce husbands in the end, to completely destroy the snap longbriew of women.
The fourth area we have suggested is to amend the Land Transfer Act by not allowing non-indigenous tribes to buy land, to make district councils one of the oversight authorities. the sale of land to Non Tribals or foreigners and others.
However, many do not believe that the state will soon be ruled by other people as has happened elsewhere.
In 1980-82, the struggle for this land went like a war.
In the months of June and June, the decline in the water level in Pung Umïam has encouraged the residents and the Electricity Department of the State Government. The state may experience darkness if the rainfall is too low during this season.
Regarding the allegation that the ILP will affect the tourism industry in Meghalaya, the HYC leader said it is not a new issue and his party has already suggested that the ILP will affect the tourism industry in Meghalaya. it will not affect the tourism industry in the state.
Shillong, November 16: Hidangmayum Rahul Sharma of All India Radio, Imphal, has won a prize of T.1 lakh for being selected as the winner of the 'NE' Body Can Sing' which is today.
“The incident has spread and it has come as a big shock to me that my party colleague Bah AL Hek has tried to take political advantage of this incident,” said Bah Sanbor.
The Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, Pralhad Joshi, said the government is ready to discuss the incident in Manipur, whether in the Lok Sabha or in the Lok Sabha. yes the National Assembly.
“Despite the difficulties, we have the confidence to prevent terrorism,” he said.
It is to be recalled that on 01/12/2021, the JAC has sent a letter to Bah Titos W.Chyne to remove Bashemphang Thabah within 10 days. However, the KHADC has not yet retained the Lyngdoh Sohiong in the District Council and this has undermined the confidence of the JAC of the Sons of the Hajar of Sohiong Hima.
Sunshine Makri, the candidate of the UDP Party, has been sworn in as the President of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum. RB Shadap, President of Umsning Constituency People's Forum, has handed over the position of President to Bah Sunshine Makri to lead the group. .
In this regard, the 12 RSs also seized documents from the residents of Klew village who have proved that it was not the permission or order of the Sordar or Rangbah Shnong to kill them. They also expressed their surprise that instead of complaining to the land owners, Agnes complained to the Sordar of the Raid.
“The absence of a proper boundary between the Elaka has led to border disputes and conflict between the bordering Elaka,” said the President of the JYF, Bah Poipynhun Majaw. In the past years, Sutnga and Nongkhlieh Elaka have been involved in violence until it appeared in the media, as well as Raliang Elaka in Sumerpathorship area and Nongkhlieh Elaka. and Briwar where the people who have received land holding certificates have also received recommendations from the Pator of Sumer and also from the Daloi of Nongkhlieh.
Regarding the salary of employees including doctors, Pastor Phawa said that the doctors except MS and AO have been arranged by the Managing Committee while the MS and AO have been arranged. by the Assembly, but their other allowances are known to the MC from bank loans and others.
This was a great loss for Lamare; but the righteous shall be blessed, and shall not be hurt by the judgment of the Lord from above.
I went to Jail Road you got a number of educationists, I went to Oakland, I went to Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Nongmali – all these places I gained a lot of knowledge from them – do we need to go outside to develop our own small state ? We don’t need to.
According to Bakshi, the MBoSE has already released the results since the 18th of this month and usually releases the results on the websites 15 minutes before the release.
Only on these facts, without mentioning others, will the Congress stand? The 47 Rajabala Constituency is a Muslim-majority area and most of the Muslims win from this constituency.
In the women's category, in the Under-17 category, the two schools that will compete for the title are North Liberty HS School against Kiang Nangbah.
This fund was allocated by the Central Government through the Special Plan Assistant Scheme for the year 2014-15 and is the first scheme in the District. in Assam, Kolkata, Bangalore and in the state,” said Bah G Dohling.
Deepak Kumar, Asst Commandant, Coy Commander, G-Coy, 97 Bn, BSF, Ratacherra East Jaintia Hills, lodged a complaint on the 18th of this month at 2.45 am. Ten unidentified persons have been walking up and down the India-Bangladesh border.
The time is too late and such actions should only deceive the people to give their trust to the NPP once again.
He also expressed his concern over the lack of housing schemes for the poor, which Modi himself has approved and said that all residents should have a house, the lack of foodgrains. and a stamp with the words 'Modi Rice' which Modi has used to say that everyone should get enough food, he promised that if he wins he will implement all these schemes to help the people.
The decision to hold a strike was announced by the VPP on Tuesday after the 48 hour deadline for the government expired on Sunday evening.
Two districts, four sub-divisions and six administrative units have been improved.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday welcomed the decision of the Central Government to allocate 33 percent seats for women in Parliament and State Legislative Assemblies.
Special Olympics Bharat will also hold a special send-off ceremony for the athletes at the stadium which will be attended by Sports Minister Anurag. Thakur, Smriti Irani, Minister of Women and Child Development and Minority Affairs, Indian Olympic Association President PT Usha, cricketer Yuvraj Singh and Indian actor Sonu Nigam .
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday decided to request the State Government to allocate land for the Council in New Shillong Township. sha this bag.
All the constituencies are in need of development, they need to get the same share if there are other MDCs who get more than MDC Umsning.
“Regarding the announcement of the upcoming protest, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh said, “We are against the Government for not listening to our demands.
Now it's not like that anymore," he added.
Before the arrival of the French and Christianity, the Kni still had the authority to regulate the affairs of the family and the clan.
About 165 election officers came to take part in the conduct of the election and 158 policemen came to patrol on the day of the election.
Ri Bhoi United scored 10 goals in the 71st minute through a mistake by Assam Regiment.
On the other hand, Bah Fantin Lakadong, urged the Khasi who own shops in the market not to refrain from selling their shops to foreigners, and to strive to set up their own shops.
The lights help to carry away the water when it is too much.
Speaking to u SP East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, he said that police have received the post mortem report and are conducting a thorough investigation.
Speaking on this occasion, Rani said, “According to the RTI request on the NPP office, on 21st November 2022, I requested for information on the permission to start the construction. This building, and include the number of floors in which they have not been able to provide"
It was also decided to hold awareness and explanation meetings on this issue in the coming days in all districts and blocks in Garo Hills.
However, she said Canada is a peaceful country and one of the most peaceful countries in the world.
The Village Authorities should cooperate with the District Authorities as well as the Police Authorities and should observe social distancing.
Sokon stayed for a while and went home at 10 o'clock.
This issue is easy to address and resolve if there is a common understanding, but it is more difficult when there is no understanding among the communities that should share.
Natasha, who lives in a comfortable house in Copenhagen, where she owns a coffee shop and many parking spaces, started chatting with a man on 1st July , identified as Malkit Singh, 33, of Sundal village of Gurdsapur.
Because it is very difficult for the government to meet these needs due to the lack of funds.
We are all called to be missionaries especially that receiving Jesus in the Holy Eucharist will make us missionaries,” he said.
It means that the words that Jesus spoke come true exactly as they were spoken, and they will be fulfilled.
“As a State that gives birth to the mother and as a person who believes in the empowerment of women, I am very pleased with this Bill and I welcome it.
In this regard, the CSWO demands that the police and government lawyers should stop immediately as the people have started to lose confidence in them because the powers have been bought by politicians and government officials. , said Agnes.
Recalling that the state government has also called for the insurgents to come forward in Garo Hills, Dr Mukul said that besides calling them and calling for talks, they continue to come forward. commit acts of violence such as kidnappings, murders and robberies.
This was announced by the Minister of Education and MLA of Amlarem Constituency, Lahkmen Rymbui at a meeting held at Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat on Tuesday.
In Wapungskur in the past few months, 14 cases have been reported and 2 cases have died on Tuesday and 9 cases on Tuesday.
The state government has also denied reports that the central government is surprised at the invitation of the state government to talk to the HNLC. There are those in the state who should come forward for the sake of peace talks to restore peace and stability in the state as a whole.
Prestone said that inter state movement will not be allowed and the curfew in the state will continue, along with the suspension of working methods until further notice. pat with someone.
Tangmar shouted, “Who stole the Tongsoh?
The new members of the party were also welcomed by National Council Member David Kharsati and former BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh.
“They told me that if you don't do it yourself, there will be no fight with Dr. Don in Shella, it's just you.
He said the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) has been marked by the CM to be completed by
Speaking after leaving the briefing room, KSU South West Khasi Hills General Secretary Forwardman Nongrem said that in the meeting with the Chief Secretary, officials from the PWD department including Chief The Engineer and Secretary explained that the fund of T.27 crore for the improvement of the road has been withdrawn and the scheme has expired as it has been in place since
The Party has empowered the Frontal Wings, including the Women's Wing, Youth Wing and Farmers Wing, to take up issues related to the problems of the people.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, President of the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) Kennedy C. Khryiem said, “Because Meghalaya does not have its own petrol, it has been imported from Assam and oil trucks pass through Jorabad and when they reach Lad Umroi, some go to Jowai and Silchar.
On the other hand, the BSF seized the truck and the drugs carried in the truck with the intention of smuggling to Bangladesh and handed over to the police in the area.
They also carried placards with slogans like “Water is life, we must conserve it”, “Conserve water to sustain life”, “Water gives us life and if we don't conserve it God will protect it”. and other articles relating to the care, conservation and conservation of water.
Rajasthan won the first match by beating Pondicherry by five wickets.
The team has seven players including players, coaches and managers. They are Lorenza Songthiang, Francis Songthiang, Juh-Pa-U-Juh Nongtdu, Mewanpynshngain Nongrum, Sanbor L.Nongpyiur, Donny Ranee and Bah Pynshai Mawrie who is also the coach of the team.
You will wonder why I say that, because I often meet my friends, when I ask them about their tribe, they say that they are Lyndoh tribes, and when I ask them, what tribe is he/she? They said that they didn't know what tribe they belonged to, but they called him 'Lyngdoh'
However, how many days or months will this tribulation last? Will this be another ephemeral campaign with no definite end in sight? Even if it ends like this, it will rise again one day, and many of us will be happy to expel the Dkhars through the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
First he had to release the money he had distributed to the people.
“There will be no reason to oppose this thinking at a time when all the leaders of the world are talking about how to protect the world and this end of the year organization. 122 years older than 20 countries in Europe"
We look forward to ensuring that through this opportunity, it will improve and promote the agriculture industry in the world market,” said the Prime Minister.
At the same time, he reminded that the Saitsnad Stadium in Mawlangwir Village is one of the sports grounds which has attracted the attention of the sports lovers not only in South West Khasi Hills District but in the whole country. The state has organized major sports tournaments through the Mawlangwir Sports Club which has shaken the whole state. from the stadium, the players' training ground and to the spectator seats.
Although the father welcomed him, the brother was very sad about his brother's return.
This shows that the Garo people do not oppose any law passed by the leaders in the Legislative Assembly, because the NPP only differs in name but the NPP and the BJP are the same party.
This is a loss for the players of the state and it is also a disappointment for the state because according to the organizers, the number of sports has been increased, but the state Meghalaya has not been able to field the athletes to take part in all these sports which will also be part of the expectation of winning medals.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his pleasure to see that women from all over Ri-Bhoi have taken part in this program to receive training on how to They produce ashar despite the lack of households to look after their children, as this will benefit them and improve the production of ashar especially in Ri-Bhoi district.
Shillong, Lber 05 : The Police Department has decided to impose No Entry for the traffic in Shillong on 07th October due to the arrival of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and Minister Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah to take part in the formation of the new government at Raj Bhavan.
Many of the participants expressed their desire to move forward and to be able to contribute to the society like others.
“The ban on junk food in colleges will make the students healthier and reduce their stress,” said the UGC in a statement to all schools. in the Ri.
On the other hand, the President of STEDS, Ma Daiapherbha Lamare, has requested Andrew Shullai, who is also the Opposition Leader of the JHADC, to talk to the District Council for the ownership of the land. Lukha River and to do many works for the preservation and preservation of the River which is also one of the largest rivers in the State so that the residents can benefit from this River and tourism. Sonapyrdi is surrounded by beautiful rivers and lush forests.
Shillong, November 20: The Ambassador of Bolivia to India, Jorge Cardenas, on Tuesday said that his country has been linked to the eastern part of India in terms of natural resources.
Rymbai Iawpynsing have won the 2nd Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy of the Super League 2022 after coming to the top of the points table. The end of the season is on Monday.
After I retired nobody came to ask me for advice, I know some people stop PHE officers from asking me for advice, but now after winning the election, I have the right I am also part of the government,” said Bah SK Sun who explained the details of the project in Mawphlang.
Referring to the VPP's demand for the Roster, Prestone said, “You know that the VPP demands to suspend the implementation of the Roster System and their goal is to change the Reservation Policy but “I don't want to say anything about the roster,” he said.
As you and your government have decided to bury the MCCL alive, we too cannot refuse to do anything because the perpetrators should be punished with death”.
“If we get two MPs in Delhi it will be easier to release all the schemes launched by the central government, it will be easier for us to move forward with development projects,” said Marak.
Such a ceremony will be very peaceful and will never happen again unless there is another consecration of Bishops later, perhaps in the Jowai Diocese, which has been without a Bishop for a long time.
Other speakers, including the Chief Guest, Rangbah Shnong and others, praised the leaders of the Village Organization, who took the initiative to clean up the area, in order to bring about a clean environment. morning at the scene.
“Even if the Gandhi family does not take over the post of President, they will be the founders and advisors of the party in the future and they should not be far from it. party".
In the neighboring State of Assam, we see that the Christian Churches have been stirred up by letters from the Government authorities asking for a census of the population and so on.
Maharashtra has 8.26 crore voters and Haryana has 1.62 crore voters. Haryana has 90 members in the Assembly while Maharashtra has 288 members in the Assembly.
The runner-up in the men's category, Cham Cham & Mutong & Lumshyrmit FC received a cash prize of Rs 70,000 and a trophy while Wonder Phonix SC received Rs 20,0
The NSS Jowai Polytechnic Unit also urges all the residents, market dwellers and shopkeepers to take good care of their villages and markets to bring beauty and also So that these wastes will not go to the rivers especially during the rainy season to avoid polluting the water of the rivers which are the source of drinking water especially for the residents living around Jowai and others. neighboring villages.
On receiving information about the incident, the residents of Umdihar village informed the police and then the police informed the ambulances. They were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the rice under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of May 2021 has been released to all the households under the NFSA (AAY & PHH).
Am I right or wrong?” (When this young man works with you, he is your son and you are his father.
Therefore, Vang promised not to do such a thing in the future.
The fighting was caused by the dispute over Nagorno-Karabakh.
At the same time, the State has enacted laws and regulations to protect and preserve the uniqueness of the indigenous peoples so that others cannot deprive them of their natural resources and land resources by using them together. the powers conferred under the 6th Schedule of the Constitution.
We are not saying that we hate Hindi, but there is no reason to speak any language in forums like the Legislative Assembly when many do not understand.
On these principles, a just, accountable, stable and hopeful rule of law can also be established.
“The withdrawal of the no confidence motion against the government is due to lack of leadership,” said Bah Bindo.
According to the state government, 11 people are still missing and 22 people are still undergoing treatment.
The shops affected by the order are from Hotel Assembly Point to Wards Lake via Oakland Road, the entire Polo Market, Urkaliar, Quinton Road, from Eee Cee Restaurant to Jail Road Petrol Pump.
“The reason for the sudden outpouring of love for the BJP at that time was because it was only in the BJP government led by Vajpayee that the DoNER (Department of North Eastern) was created. Region)".
At the same time, there will be a photography and painting competition, as well as a beach volleyball tournament and a waterfall festival.
Khliehtyrshi Sports Club, who won the toss and elected to bat first, tied 225 runs in 20 overs for the loss of three wickets.
This morning at noon, while the session of the Legislative Assembly was in progress, the Sur of Mawlai, suddenly turned to the Secretariat to express their demand.
The area where the Mot phran stands should be reduced by about 3 meters without breaking the Mot.
FCI NEFR, Regional Office, Shillong is responsible for the states of Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
Shillong: After the UCIL closed down its offices in Shillong and Wahkaji in recent days, the KSU has demanded that the central government should immediately close down its offices. Uranium in the state by issuing an order to stop the mining of radio-active minerals such as uranium in the state of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong: Three youths from Wahkaji have died after being shot dead by Phershan Roy Myrthong on 21st October 2021 at Golflink, Shillong. from this earth because of your great injury.
The match on Monday will be between Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiang vs Pateiñki Sabah at 11.00 pm, the second match between Madankynsaw Mookyndeng vs Mupliang at 1.00 pm and Tmupelong vs Pale Thad at 1.00 pm. at 3.00 pm Saturday.
How can we do that? When the government is appointed, the truth is that we should get a government from the Khasi, but they don't want to because they are afraid of losing.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today inaugurated the St. Vincent De Paul Healthcare Centre, Mihmyntdu. , West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday.
Shillong: Traffic from Shillong to Dawki has been very difficult due to the deterioration of the road from Laitlyngkot to Dawki.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 20 new cases have been confirmed and 308 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
One of the measures should be to place these wines produced in the state in the shops in the tourist areas without the need for Licenses.
The SCCCOMDF said that the coal announced to be 10 tonnes, while the price has been increased to 12 tonnes, which means that the coal owners have lost 2 tonnes.
Not only that, but it has also been seen that the MBOSE does not encourage students to retain students in the SSLC examination and the internal marks have the same issue.
This increase in bill light has surprised and angered the Seng and the people of the area because the Meecl department does not care about the people especially during this time of lockdown when they cannot even earn a living, it will cause problems. The union expresses its deep sorrow over the increase in the bill from T.180 per month. The union expresses its deep sorrow over the increase in the bill from T.180 per month. to Rs.7638 after two months.
“This is an indication that the government is not responsible.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Living Suja scored four goals, Tomi Lamare scored in the 16th minute and Loompyrdi Ïongpiah Ïakhroo Laloo scored the other in the 30th minute. .
Robertjune Kharjahrin, the joint candidate of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) (RDA) of the UDP and HSPDP for the Shillong Parliamentary seat, has started campaigning from South West Khasi Hills. The Constituency where he lives in order to explain his goal as a young man and to urge the people to give their full support to him so that he will win the MP election which will be held soon. months to come.
On this occasion, Bah HM Shangpliang was the Chief Guest to distribute the awards.
He said that the digitization of records will also reduce the number of land grabbing cases.
Nongpoh, Nailar 25: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday held a meeting with the Village Leaders of Block II in Ri-Bhoi District. border at Mawlasnai village for discussion and discussion before the governments of Meghalaya and Assam start the demarcation of the border in the second phase and to start setting up Regional Committees soon as announced by the two Ministers. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam at a meeting held in Guwahati on Tuesday.
This year, the PM CARES Fund has allocated Rs 201.58 crore to set up 162 Pressure Swing Adsorption (PSA) oxygen plants in government hospitals across the country.
The NPP leader declined to comment when asked whether the NPP will nominate former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang, who recently defected from the BJP, as a candidate from Shillong Constituency.
“It is the same as sitting with the Prime Minister in the country, the Prime Minister rules the country, I as the Chief Minister of the state, I rule the state,” he said.
In Garo Hills, the leading parties are the NPP-AITC-UDP while in Khasi Hills, there are other national parties like the PDF, HSPDP, KHNAM, VPP and the BJP. The election campaign has been going on fast and in the coming months it will be very hot and many candidates will come to the villages to explain or encourage the people to support them. they will once again in the next election.
“I believe that with the abolition of triple talaq, child marriage and polygamy, the work we have done for the welfare of Muslims is unprecedented by the Congress Government. “It's been a long time since I've been in power,” said Himanta.
The meeting was led by the Adviser of the Kur Lyngdoh Paliar Mawkyrda (KLPMLKLK), Bah Bresswell Lyngdoh Paliar in the presence of the leading leaders of the Kur as well as the Rangbah, Longkmie and The Sordars of seven villages including Demnar, Nongdiloin, Umdohlun, Mawkhalitngap, Mawpat and Mawpat-Nongrim villages within the territory of the Kur Lyngdoh Paliar Mawkyrda Lai were also present. -Kpoh Three-Woman.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Leaders of the GSU, ADE and Kingdom Gospel Ministries, on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on 14th November 2017, in Shillong. The Aadhar Act will inevitably affect the personal life of a person, where citizens will have to link their Aadhar number in connection with bank accounts, mobile numbers and others. to allow the rich to collect information about the lives of private individuals and to steal the property of private individuals, as they have been able to enter 300 Aadhar numbers, in a few days not finished.
The match was very interesting and close although Lajong FC managed to beat TRAU-FC from Manipur.
After that, it continued to Sookilo until many of those who came from Shillong arrived only at 1:30 pm.
Furthermore, the National Mineral Exploration Trust (NMET) is supporting the exploration of key mineral resources and private groups that have registered to receive funds for the exploration of these resources.
He also thanked the Australian government for supporting him since he was in prison until he was released.
The history of the village was explained by Mr. NK Lamare who is also the Chairman of the Souvenir Committee and by the Waheh Shnong Mr. A Lamare.
J Nongbri scored the winning goal for Mawkhriah in the 35th minute.
Expressing his regret over the attempts of the stronger political parties to abolish the smaller political parties, Bah Banteidor said that the smaller political parties have their own issues. heh they have to respect.
He said that the All Meghalaya Adhoc Secondary Teachers Association (ASA) has already sent a letter to the Union Minister on Tuesday.
Erwin Sutnga, Chairman of JACBOM, said that the decision taken at the meeting was to oppose the Soskular signed at seven places between Assam and Meghalaya. that the government should not start the second phase of border talks without resolving the signed soskular.
He said how the sound of birds and the flow of water can stop fires in the forests.
“What do you mean by that?” he asked. “Hiram, father,” said the mother. “Do you mean he came home?” the father asked. “Yes, he came yesterday.” When he reached the house, his father suddenly got up and as soon as he entered the house he struck Hiram.
Others who will attend the meeting include AITC Rajya Sabha Leader Derak O Brien, Meghalaya Convenor, Manas R Bunia, President Meghalaya TMC, Charles Pyngrope and the Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma will also be present on the occasion.
At present in Meghalaya, the political parties with the most MLAs are the NPP and the Congress.
He said that even in the countryside, students of NEHU used to come to his house to buy their skills. 'It's all a threat to the brain' said the man who was worried about how to improve the public service which God has given him the ability. He said that it is difficult to ask for high prices from the people, and if you don't ask, you will find it difficult to make medicines because the medicines are now very expensive.
NASA and Musk plan to take millions of people to Mars, or the red planet, and ABIBOO has released photos and videos of the new city. , which was named Tempe Mensa.
It is a fact that some universities have already implemented it and many more will start in the coming years and we are not the only ones left behind.
Shillong: U Dr Aman War, DHS(MI), today said that out of the 121 cases of COVID-19 in the state; In East Khasi Hills, 30 cases are from High Risk Contacts, 3 cases from Keating Road, 2 cases from Armed Forces, 4 cases from ILI cases and One of them was randomly sampled at Police Bazar.
It is easy to slow down those who are trying to climb the ladder of life, and many are quick to slow down others.
Speaking to media after the opening of the General Council meeting, Thomas Passah said that at the meeting of the Committee of all political parties recently, the Chairperson of the Committee said that There are no experts in this state and you have to bring them from abroad.
He also reminded that the contractor who should work should work well and follow the criteria or plan, so that it will give satisfaction and satisfaction to use it after completion.
The Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, on Tuesday said that the registration of new vehicles by people from Jaintia Hills to Shillong in their own district has affected the situation. related to collecting stories through vehicles.
He added that the message of the Marathon is to protect the environment and in other words, 'Run against Climate Change' The organization is concerned about the change of natural resources and the destruction of the environment which is a threat to future generations and which is also a lesson for us to understand the importance of protecting the environment. added.
The turnout in Shillong and Tura in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections was 63.28 per cent in Shillong and 79.14 per cent in Tura.
“Since Kristoffer was taken to hospital, he has been surrounded by relatives, members of FC Midtjylland and doctors,” the club said.
Police conducted a search on the truck, but found 18 workers hiding inside.
We all know that before he was executed, he said – IF MY FACE TURN EAST IT MEANS THAT JAINTIA WILL BE FREE BUT IF IT TURN EAST IT MEANS IT WILL FALL IN SLAVERY. slavery here means not only in the body but also in the body.
It should also include the word 'Ancestral'
He said that the venue has been well prepared for the Tamasa Tlang which will be held at the same venue which will start from May.
Lekini said the victory was the first in the Second Division, but now it is to continue the spirit of competition in the two semi finals.
The disciplinary committee has no choice but to take a decision to expel him from the party.
Therefore, as a nation, it will be an honor for the state to support it.
