Champion also tried to shoot a guard Kontro Khongwir inside the jail on March 16, the jail authorities said.
Finally, the 1-Nartiang NPP Block Committee would like to say that under the leadership and rule of the MDA Government led by the NPP and Sniawbhalang Dhar as our MLA, there has been indeed development in all aspects. within the area as a whole, from the MLA Scheme, Central Scheme and others, which is for the benefit of many churches.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Klai Mukhim, an elderly man, has been missing since the 9th of this month, but the body of this man was found on the night of the 24th of this month from Wah Umpyrli. Saiden, after the robbers who were involved in the murder of him, threw him lyngkuid inside a plastic bag, after they had stripped him of his clothes.
For more information, please call the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongstoin during office hours at 94023-00795 and 80142-5
The main issue of the meeting was the Board of Directors' failure to respond to the five requests of the union for the problems faced by the casual workers. They also requested the BoD to respond or inform them of its intention on our four requests in writing on or before 3rd July .
Jowai, Jymmang 15: The deterioration and number of potholes on the Jowai-Shilliong National Highway (NH-6) has started to increase again as the days go by. It has been completed in the past few months.
On the other hand, Bah Jambor said that the decision was taken after they did not need anything else after the state government through the speech of the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister said that they would not do anything else. There is no backing down on the MoU that has been signed.
Nongstoin, Nailur: The All India Nongstoin Block Trinamool Congress (TRINC) has gained more and more membership in every village.
This method of planting is called 'flat' or 'level', 'method'
When this happens, doesn't it affect parents who come from poor families and have many children?
Not only the market but also the roadsides from Motphran to Khyndailad have turned into market places.
All these three great needs of man are not created by themselves, but are produced by other natural substances, which are gases.
TSC Lummyrli and Muotng YSSC have qualified for the second round of the Third Division of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) after winning their last match on Thursday at the artificial turf ground in Diengshynrum. .
They were ordered to be arrested on the orders of the magistrates in charge of these areas, as they were believed to be trying to disrupt the peace and order in Kashmir.
He said that there is a question about the appointment process in the Council because there is no clear appointment policy.
According to Bah Mawthoh, the DPR clearly states that the soil should be tested and mined according to the rules and not just mined.
After leaving the PDM, Sound joined the Congress party and then the Congress party joined the BJP and shortly afterwards joined the NPP. The Congress Party has already announced its candidates for the five constituencies in the district, including Umroi, Mawhati, Umsning and Nongpoh Constituencies. in Jirang Constituency, where the supporters of the party from that constituency have expressed their surprise, due to the delay in announcing the candidate for the constituency.
The stone that is close to the soil:- It keeps all the insects, good and bad, long and short.
On the day of the counting of votes, the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia won the NPP only in 8 constituencies; Four in Jaintia Hills and two in East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi.
It is however only a case of border work.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The death of a 19-year-old man in police custody has happened again, although it has happened recently in the past few months. Karat, identified as Senomen S Marak, was found dead inside the Baghmara police station. The incident happened on Tuesday.
If there were such training, the students would understand where to start and where to end,” said Regan to his son.
JOWAI: The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12-Daloi has marked the 157th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah, Khawait of Jaintia Hills.
At the same time, she expressed her gratitude to the Kur Jahrin for organizing such a program to encourage and develop the students of the Hima Maharam as a whole.
Kharmukhi said that the 35 persons together with the BDO have lodged a complaint against the sordar, but this time too before being arrested he has not been granted bail. .
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit (AIM) today met with PR Marak, IFS Officer, Meghalaya Forest Department Head Office, today regarding the problems faced by the people who are not allowed to enter Lady Hyderi. Park only because you have not received the Covid-19 vaccine.
Because the mynder from across the border cannot move the land across the border, beyond the border, without selling and offering it himself for money.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 (PIB):The Ministry of Women and Child Development of the Government of India holds an annual Prime Minister's Rashtriya Bal Puraskar (PMRBP) to recognize children with special talents. outstanding achievements in courage, sports, social service, science & technology, environment, architecture and design, which should be recognized by the whole country.
The love and blessings of the people have made it possible to win this MGT tournament which was held for the first time in the state, said KI KLIAR. Father, relatives and friends who have supported and encouraged us from the beginning to the end, hopefully you will continue to support and encourage us so that we can continue to bring the traditional music to Kliar like other Hindi songs,” said KI KLIAR. The group would also like to thank the organizers of MGT from the organizers of MSPWDO and also the judges who have given a lot of advice. how to be able to improve the skills that the team has.
Before the MLA of Jirang gave a speech on the foundation stone laying ceremony, the Project Director of DRDA, Ri Bhoi, Raja Brahma and Chief Officer He also said that the government employees as appointed by the government should take responsibility and that development projects should come for the benefit of the people. The people do not depend only on the leaders and as government employees they have a great responsibility to work for the development of the people.
Besides these new mobile towers in the rural areas, BSNL has agreed to install seven more mobile towers on NH 42 and NH
She also expressed her gratitude to the Meghalaya Age in Delhi for spreading the word about the people of Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were Bah I Khongkhlad, Additional Executive Engineer PWD (Rd) Patharkhmah, Rev Fr Michael Sun Parish Priest of Umkadhor Parish, Village Leaders and other dignitaries.
On the other hand, police have arrested four persons including a minor for involvement in the crime.
Many also like to eat street food for various reasons.
Shillong, July 19: Ka Kong P. Syiem Lieh, Asst Director, National Commission for ST, Government of India, has lodged a complaint with Laitumkhrah Police Station that on the 16th of this month, a peon in her office, whose name is unknown. Deepak Pradhan followed up with his application for a loan from SBI, Main Branch, Shillong.
I don't know if it's true or not that the Government is looking for ways to raise money, we ourselves are still looking for ways to make money.
Jowai, Nailur 16: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has given its full support to the demand of the Society for the Study of Law, Jaintia Hills to establish a National Law University. National Law Universities in other parts of India.
The Congress candidate also alleged that Pynursla constituency is lagging behind in education or in many other areas and admitted that many villages have not yet received electricity. electricity in this constituency.
He said that in Nongstoin, Rambrai and Mawshynrut, the UDP hopes to reap a clean harvest in the upcoming elections.
In a statement, Bah Marbaniang said that they have violated the Government's guidelines regarding Covid-19, especially in contact sports. The government has not allowed the game to open yet.
“He said that Bah Pala can meet him if he does not understand the difference between land acquisition and lease agreement.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: Police have arrested a school teacher named Terrence Sawian from his residence in Jowai.
To be careful well mo.
The song was taught by MewanPyndap Khariap and makeup artist Damebanshan Lyngdoh. Lighting was provided by Cleverson and Nobel.
The MP of the Rajya Sabha, Dr.WR Kharlukhi who was the chief guest in the presence of one of the lecturers of the History Department of NEHU, Prof.Amena N. .Passah, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah V.Swer.
At the time of writing, police do not know the name or address of the deceased or the relatives of the deceased. The body was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem. Postmortem Examination.
Jammu & Kashmir, on the other hand, took the second wicket to increase the partnership to 82 runs and J&K to 177/5 in 50 overs.
The foundation stone of the 4.60 km Pdengshakap-Trangblang road at a cost of Rs 4 crore and the 2.90 km internal road at a cost of Rs 2 crore, both came from the Rural Infrastructure Development. Fund (RIDF) XXVII (27) through NABARD in charge of financial assistance for the development of agriculture.
A total of 19 areas in 10 districts, including 173 villages, have been affected by the floods. about 55,982 people were killed in one day of rainfall across the state.
“We have been involved in this crime for many decades and we have never seen anyone rob a young man by burning himself on fire,” said Riky.
He said that it was through the characters introduced by Jones that it was possible to read and write in the Khasi language and especially to unite the Jaitbynriew.
The exclusion of these four candidates is that they have been nominated, three from the NPP and one from the UDP. Out of these 375 candidates, 339 are males. and 36 were women.
“When the fire broke out, the brother could not extinguish the fire and took his brothers to one of the nearest places to escape injury,” said the report.
It was learned that the toilets are also dirty and damaged and this has caused a lot of trouble at the hospital.
Nishanta scored 119 runs off 218 balls including nine fours and two sixes.
As a sign of respect for the families of those families, Bijoya Sawian was honored on behalf of the Sawian family, for awarding the award to Rangabah Sumar Sing Sawian and The mother of the children Riwotki Laloo and the eldest son Riquoma Rq Laloo on behalf of the family of Waheh S Quotient Sumer who received the memorial award.
I believe that Mawlai village will be clean and tidy as it has been since ancient times because only Khasi and paradoh para snam live in this village.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The State Youth Wing of the Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government should first submit the report to the Legislative Assembly. The State shall be appointed by the Regional Committees for the purpose of drawing up the boundaries in the second phase.
Tottenham will face Liverpool in the Champions League on Saturday night.
If these are the only ones, the victory is not certain.
It is also the first time for the BCCI to hold such matches in the state capital in the 2023-24 season.
The BJP, in its agenda, has set to implement the NRC in Karnataka.
In the second leg, Umkrem YO beat Wahlyngkhet CSC 5-0
“However, today we have seen the news that the MLA of Mawkyrwat has refused to sign the letter sent by the voice of the NongMawlai. man" he said.
“The Khasi-Pnars live by agriculture and their products are not marketed to Assam but only to Meghalaya.
The group will arrive in India on 27th July
The prophet Abraham obeyed.
Besides, he acknowledged that there were some differences of opinion on the initial demarcation, but the Regional Committee of the Government has tried its best.
Of these, 42 villages have completed the work.
This inspection should be completed within a month from today.
There are 36 cases in Ribhoi, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 11 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) today discussed the announcement by the state government to legalize the cleanliness in the state.
Children selected for this trial will receive 50% of the tuition fees at Pearly Higher Secondary School.
The suspects were arrested at Dudhnoi Police Station in Goalpara district.
Shillong, March 7: The CORP and CSWO Samuda Circle have demanded that the Hynniewtrep People's Federation (CSWO) should immediately remove the word Hynniewtrep from the name of the party.
The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has banned the closure of shops in the city.
On the other hand, the HNLC wants to clarify to the public that the HNLC's come forward to hold peace talks with the government is not a threat, but a desire to reach an understanding and resolve the political issues of the HNLC. the Hynniewtrep people.
Umphyrnai SC beat Rangdajied United FC 25-0 in the first match on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
The Creator, the Almighty, the Almighty, has given and distributed to mankind in various abilities.
Jowai, July 01: The Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai area, to clarify to the public on the news of the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jaintia Hills on the demand of 20% of the State Job Reservation Policy. to Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the SDO of PHE said that since the pumping of water from the Umngot River, the residents of Jowai have been able to supply water. The Wah Umngot is pumped for 12-14 hours a day.
Corruption is not just about money.
I leave it to you friends of the media to spread and gather more information on this issue which is the fight against climate change whether it is to encourage the government authorities, the villages, they it empires, enterprises, organizations, various groups.
He was speaking at a public meeting held on 17th July in Beed district, the hometown of NCP leader Ajit Pawar and Cabinet Minister Dhananjay Munde.
After this, it was the turn of the offering of prayers for the phirat by the paid byllien followed by the distribution of wheat, wheat, gold and silver to bring the rneng home. sem sha you tnum you tyndai.
Shillong: The District Transport Officer, Bah R.Hinge, on Tuesday said that it is now up to the public to come forward to complain against the drivers who charge more than the price of the vehicle. tidy.
Such tragic incidents raise a big question mark on the performance of the SDO Civil Sub-division and the failure of the PWD department to comply with the environmental protection rules.
He said that those who have talent should work hard not to lose their talent and at the same time he urged those who don't have talent not to force themselves to be in that field but to improve. and encourage others.
Kanwar Sultan Singh was elected unopposed as Secretary General and Randeep Mann was elected unopposed as Treasurer.
He said that the transfer of Deputy Commissioners and Superintendent of Police, especially in those districts where there is a border dispute, has affected the border dispute as it takes time for the officers to understand. to what happened on the field.
We also greet those who have donated their right hand and left hand, without mentioning each other's names. We greet you all.
As the party leader, he does not believe that the support of the four MDCs for Bah Pynshngain will be a loss for the party as he hopes that the problems in the party will strengthen how to resolve the issues. and the four MDCs will not take a decision that will defame them.
These include EGH: 11, EJH: 13, EKH: 200, NGH: 19, RBD: 40, SGH: 08, SWGH: 20, SWKH: 19, WGH: 90, WJH: 23 and WKH:
He said that as members they should be disciplined in their behaviour, as they are an example for the youth who will come.
The Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya was established in
He said that he did not eat anything at the camp, except water, and he said that the ORS bottles he could not drink because he did not drink, he drank only water.
He said that the installation of illegal tax collection gates has disrupted the traffic of vehicles and can lead to traffic jams.
The National People's Party (NPP-Meghalaya) has announced its new State President at a meeting held at the party office in Shillong on Tuesday. .
A case has been registered against her at Nongstoiñ Police Station under Case No. 52 (06) 2018 under Section 5(m)/6 of the POCSO Act.
In a statement, Auguster Jyrwa General Secretary and Daniel Khyriem President of the KSU have expressed their deep sorrow over the attack on the Khasi youth. He said that his unit in Bangalore will not stand idly by but will continue to demand from the Bangalore police to take action to arrest the perpetrators.
If you want to sell in the wrong place, ask the government.
Nongpoh: Four persons from Nongkyndang village in Saiden village have died and three others are still undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital. Village.
JOWAI: Police have arrested a suspect in connection with the murder of (L) Karnet Pajuh, resident of Dongmihsngi, Jowai on November 28, .
It also demanded that the Asian Cricket Tournament be moved to another neutral location (without either side of the two countries).
At Blueberry Inn, the total cost is T.1,44,216 including room and board.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : BJP Leader and former Minister of State, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday said that he can build the Taj Mahal at a cost of Rs 240 crore. 50,000 sq/ft in Khyndailad.
Shillong: MPCC President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, also known as Dr. Bom, has said that he will file a petition in the Supreme Court next month against the decision of the NGT. The Congress party has called for the submission of nomination papers from the 4th to the 15th of this month. .
He said that during the time of Bah Hoping, many people did not listen to his speech but they laughed at him and many even left the party, but in the end. In 2015, they started turning to his foundations, whether in the land, the forests, the waters, the rivers, the music, the dress and now they started praising him again because he “If we can't follow exactly the principles of Maieid, it's useless to praise politics,” he said.
Nongpoh, July 04 : U MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem today took the lead in congratulating all the people of Ri Bhoi District on the occasion of the 31st Anniversary of Ri Bhoi District. District since Ri Bhoi became its own full District on 4th July
He said that during their inspection together with the Rangbah Shnong, they found that the work of the contractors is still only about 10 pawa while the unfinished part is still more.
Shillong, March 11: Two Rangbah have been stabbed to death in Wahlyngkhat village on the 9th of this month. village.
In a statement, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the union said that the 3 lakh rupees announced by the government to be distributed to the relatives of the dead and injured is not valuable but the most important thing is that The policemen involved in the killing of these people should be arrested and imprisoned for life.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Friday demanded that NEHU should include STs especially Khasi students in the free coaching programme. through the Dr Ambedkar Center of Excellence for students who wish to sit for the UPSC examination and not only for students from other communities belonging to the Scheduled Caste (SC).
“It's nice to see such incidents, we thank God that it's a miracle of Him, many of those who came to see it said that God still loves this Khasi country of ours, I also believe that They are his signs as it is written in the Bible that in the last days there will be wonderful events,” said Pyndaplin Kharkongor.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the MLA of Nartiang, inaugurated the 3rd Sniawbhalang Dhar Football Tournament 2023 on Tuesday at Wahïajer Mini Stadium.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District invites all participants to the North East Festival – 2022 Marathon-Cross Country Run to be held on 30th June 2022 for men and women.
It is called 'sweet orange' and under the scientific name Citrus sinensis.
“I feel that as parents, we should support our children and be with them while they are in school,” she said.
However, Conrad did not disclose the preparations to reduce the power outage.
Before the distribution of these food items, a short meeting was held at the ground floor of the village council led by Bah Reaking Muksor in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Bah Ribiang Paksang, Bah B Kharshohnoh Secretary VDP and participants.
I am ready to do it," Rijiju said.
The festival will start from the 3rd to the 14th of April 2023 with the Kayak Festival at Umtham River, Ri-Bhoi, followed by the Shillong Literary Festival on the 14th and 16th.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Minister of Lower Mawpud, Bah Robertson S Basan, said that the contractor has brought only the pipes to draw water from the old well built by the PHE to supply the water tank. The former PHE in the village to supply water to a top he built under the JJM scheme to distribute water to 95 households while 50 households have not reached.
The first match of the day will be between Nongkolew Sports Club and Mawphlang Sports Club at 2 pm.
“There are allegations but the word corruption has been raised by those who are against the government but the MDA government has nothing to hide and what the Opposition has demanded, the government has implemented. ," he said.
He said that NEIGRIHMS has requested to provide land in New Shillong Township at a reasonable price to resolve this issue so that it can persuade the doctors to stay in the state.
The meeting was also attended by Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Secretary, C&RD, Shibhi Chakravarthy, Mission Director, SRES, Joint Mission Director, SRES and other officers.
For those who have not received a loan: There will be a one-time grant of up to 10% to any individual who has not received a loan of not less than T.1,00,000 from anyone. Those who wish to benefit from this scheme can apply online by logging into: or get more information from the common service centres.
Notice how they honor only their brothers and sisters.
Goyal said that receiving timely information helps both sides on any issue especially the cases.
The names of the winners will be announced after the counting of votes.
The deceased were buried today, while the injured was taken to Shillong for treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 26 : The State Government has sent a letter to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to inform him that many colleges in the State have not yet implemented the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 from this year.
The Seng has ordered these 26 foreigners who do not have the necessary documents such as NRC and Labor License to go to the villages to provide the necessary documents if they wish. I don't want to work in this factory.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday announced that the state government has allocated about Rs 2.25 crore for the promotion of the 100 Drums Wangala Festival. The Garo Heritage Village is located in Chibragre village in Garo Hills.
It doesn’t end with the two of them.
Nidamon was elected as the new leader of the synjuk at the renewal meeting held at the Mowkaïaw Dorbar Hall on Tuesday.
The committee has held a meeting with the participation of three or four groups, such as the leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie, HYC Sohiong Circle, Kur Kharshiing and members of the New Rympei Syngkhong, where they had the opportunity to discuss or exchange views on the bill.
Shillong: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the UDP stands firm on the ground as it has been conveyed to the Prime Minister and Prime Minister's Secretary against Defense Minister James K Sangma. has been accused of allowing illegal coal transportation as reported in the media recently.
The worst time of the traffic jam in the city is during the school holidays because many of the children don't have school, they go to school by car, and when they leave school, there are those who come to school. the car to go home.
“The purpose of this is because of the emergence of foreigners to set up large factories in the name of Khasi.
:The Khasi song titled “Wat pynleh noh Ei” is composed by Michael Pyngrope, Wellborn Mynsong, John Rani, Sanmilian Mawrie, Medaaihun Basaiawmoit and Rishisha Mynsong.
The wrath of His body for our reconciliation, by His wounds He healed us, by His death He bore the sins of many (Isaiah:53) Christ is to die and when it was the will of God the Creator that Jesus Christ, his only begotten Son, should die to save mankind no earthly power could stop Jesus from being tortured, humiliated and be killed.
Stilling Lamare scored the second goal for Chirupdeilang Moodop in the 61st minute and Rebok Langshiang in the 63rd minute.
The Dorbar Shnong Mynso B, through all its office bearers, would like to express its gratitude to all those friends who took part in helping the victims of the car accident at Tuber Sohshrieh. on Saturday, June 26,
God wants all the nations of the world to accept or hear of Jesus Christ the Savior of the world, as the Samaritans said – “This is indeed the Christ the Savior of the world”.
The Dorbar Chnong Dulong has distributed these food items to 102 households.
Some parents push their kids because they think that’s what’s best for them.
So she went to work alone, to draw water alone.
Bond comments on the account in Luke's Gospel, which says that Jesus appointed 70 to 72 of his disciples to heal the sick and to preach the word of God.
From Soil and Water Conservation, it has introduced Watershed, Springshed and Tree Planting schemes.
He added that he has nothing to say on this issue, but as citizens of India they have the right to say.
According to the complaint, a complaint was also filed against the Appointment and Succession of Syiem, Deputy Syiem Act 2007 and the Rules made in
Bah Hamletson Dohling said that such incidents are unfortunate and unacceptable in the society.
This also includes the implementation (such as the provision of adequate child care and educational needs) which is one of the factors that ensures an adequate foundation for rapid development in all side.27.3.
The meeting was held at the Prime Minister's Office on Saturday night.
Shillong: Former HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, Shillong, on Tuesday said that former HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit has not been able to carry the responsibility of the party and for this reason, he has fled and formed a new party. .
The Sohblei takes the items from the old tree and puts them back on the new tree and covers them with a new cloth.
Later, Ms. Helen LaFave, US Consul General, Kolkata, visited the SAD Headquarters of the Hima Khyrim in Smit, where she was welcomed by His Majesty Dr Balajied S Syiem, the Hima Khyrim. in the presence of the Lyngskor, the Chief Ministers of the Dorbar of Syiem Khyrim, together with the 'Kongor' at Smit, which is about 17 km from Shillong.
I don't believe in such a thing, he added and urged for respect and understanding.
The meeting, which was attended by all the villages affected by the Eco-sensitive zones, decided to set up a committee to look into the matter and will also go to the Supreme Court to demand that the The release of the villages from the Eco-sensitive zones in the Narpuh area, as it will affect many of the livelihoods of the people of this area, as most of them are farmers in these areas.
Speaking to reporters, former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said the Congress will hold a meeting to elect a candidate for the post of Speaker of the House.
Yodaka Chyrmang scored the first goal for East Jaintia Hills in the 46th minute.
He said that this action of theirs has delayed the arrival of fire trucks.
Thank you also for your prayers, kindness and provision for all needs.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 29: The construction of the 32 kilometer two lane Nongstoiñ Kyrshai road in the first phase of the project has progressed rapidly and is expected to be completed within this year.
He said that the NPP-led government has violated the rights of the youth who are entitled to receive the YESS scheme and also those organizations which have already registered for the YESS scheme. -By Market or farmers market in Mawkdok will not only increase the income of the farmers through the sale of agricultural products but will also attract tourists who come to Sohra to enter the market due to the lack of space. The market has been built especially the parking space.
Ma Moonlight Pariat, who was a prominent MDC of JHADC, contested his first election in 2008 from the NCP, the second in 2013 as the IND candidate and the third in 2018 from the UDP. He has been an MDC of JHADC since 1994 when he won as a Congress candidate.
The arrested person is Jimmy Kyndait of Moorap.
Therefore, these drugs need to be cleaned up because if they are stored, the space will be crowded in the pharmacy because they have to store newly imported drugs.
In the U-17 category, OM Roy SS beat Pynthorumkhrah SS 11-0 with Resen Malngiang scoring in the 3rd and 16th minutes, Belton Lartang in the 21st minute and Jefferson in the 21st minute. Nongrud in the 24th and 27th minutes, Obadaia Bareh in the 25th and 27th minutes, Chesterpaul Lyngdoh in the 29th and 33rd minutes, Arky Paul Kurbah in the 36th and 42nd minutes.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC beat Shillong Lajong FC 2-1 in the Shillong Premier League 2023 today to move up to the top of the table. the points table.
In the end, there are those who ask while they meet without hesitation.
However, if you look at what happened, God is wise, because after we have been in power from 2018 to 2023 I want to ask those accusers whether there is a time when the NPP led the Government. “Is there such a restriction, a restriction, a restriction, a restriction on the worship of God,” asked the State President of the NPP. of customs, beliefs and religion.
“He said that the KSU will stand with the people and the KSU will not allow themselves to be intimidated by the law enforcement agencies.
Besides the 21K race, there will also be 10K, 5K races. The closure of the road from Laitsohpliah to Mawsmai, Sohra will be from 7 to 9 pm on the 30th.
These organic fertilizers are obtained from companies that produce through contracts with the government.
This time if we go ahead, we will set stricter conditions to sign with those who hire to run it,” he said.
As the counting of votes continues, various Indian media reports have shown that the contest is more intense in Madhya Pradesh.
The CEO also said that they will strengthen the security forces to ensure peace and order.
The OC and SDPO rushed to the scene to investigate.
We should work together with the elders because we are no longer the only ones.
I wanted to talk to the management of the school but I couldn't but I was able to talk to some of the parents who were in the area and who tried to get their children's forms. They also expressed their surprise and asked why the school has dared to fight against the decisions of the Government.
One of these orders, which shows the violation, was issued by the Transport Department of the State Government, regarding the taxi fare of passengers to the railway station or airport and On the fifth point, it was written to the Information and Public Relations Department to issue notices only to one Khasi newspaper, one English newspaper and one Garo newspaper.
Deibormi Toi and Secretary Rtn.
That's the view of the Women's Commission," she said.
Some truck drivers also expressed that they are no longer able to earn money to meet their household needs, besides the low price of fuel and fares.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, officials of the Central Government and the Government of Meghalaya.
The College, which is also the first College of the Ri Bhoi Synod, was built under the MP Scheme for the year 2013-2014, at a cost of T.40 lakh. until it was completed and opened to the public today.
“We are planning to conduct classes for members of special groups regarding their powers and responsibility for giving punishment to violators.
Out of the 32 houses that were destroyed by the storm on the night of the 1st, two houses were destroyed, while others were destroyed.
He expressed his pleasure to take part in this day and wished the children of the seiñ raij to get better health through this shad sukr.
From these two persons, the security forces also seized some necessary documents of the party.
Meghalaya has been included in Group B along with Jammu & Kashmir, Rajasthan, Telangana and Uttar Pradesh. The sub junior women's team reached the semi final.
Seeking the Prime Minister's opinion on the matter, Bah Shullai urged him to ensure the safety and security of Christians in Karnataka and all the states in the country.
On this basis, u Bah Sawkmie demanded that the CBI should immediately announce an inquiry so that the facts can be revealed and urged the state government to follow up on this case from Amit Shah. to direct the relevant authorities to expedite the work.
Through this joining of this youngster, it will also be a benefit, happiness and encouragement to Aenam Jyrwa who is no longer in the club.
According to him, in these RRCs, there will be no smoke like in the marten but they will be built in such a way that they will also have shelters.
On my part, I say clearly that I cannot offer sacrifices, because I don't get paid anymore, church services have been closed and pastors have stopped working.
He said that in any case, the Congress party should win, because the political situation in Delhi is not easy and the contest will be between the Congress and the BJP. that party.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah B.Dkhar, who is also the Principal of Lower Primary School, said that they have fought as hard as they can to provide electricity and other necessities. Regarding the toilet, which they have been requesting for a long time, but until now they have not received and it is also one of the problems faced by the school, especially for the students.
The PPM said that the members of the party should not demand money from anyone whether Dkhar or Khasi, as these practices are against the rules and regulations of the party. PPM General Secretary Bah Andreas Kharlyngdoh said that the party does not want to collect money by demanding the illegal wealth of others.
The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has appointed a magistrate to investigate the coal mining factories after a complaint by the DC demanding that the DC should investigate how these factories get coal to burn after the NGT ban on coal mining. year 2014.
Replying to a question, some of the elders praised Bah Michel Warjri Secretary Nongspung Hima who has appealed to the High Court against the Assam government on the construction of the PMGSY road. “The Assam government is working on development projects and the people cannot stop or reject them because they need development projects,” said the officials.
The construction of the residence of Bah Ardent started at 3:00 pm and continued till 10 pm.
TheLa newspaper reported that the man sent his employees to ask the tourists whether they supported India or the UAE and when they said they supported India, he ordered them to employees, to lock up these guards inside.
The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District said that they have heard that the three persons arrested by the Assam Police have been released on bail but nothing has been done yet. notification that they are free.
The winners of the women's category were K.Marwein in the first place, Dateiban remember Marwein in the second place, Pynhun Shulet in the third place. In the junior boys category, Phulister Lyngkhoi, Mygelson Ramsiej and Sylvester Majaw came first and in the junior girls category, Ribet Dkhar came first. Marqueenless Ramsiej and Balasiewdor Pathaw were the victims of the incident.
Meanwhile, a music teacher in addition to spending many days composing a piece would still take more than two weeks to teach every evening.
The committee has looked into the issues related to the implementation of the ILP in Sikkim and how it could affect other states in the North East.
Josna had gone around the country looking for help but in the end she went to the leaders of HANM, and as soon as she got the information, Bety Jyrwa President of HANM Women said: Wing together with General Secretary Kong B.Sungoh accompanied by other members of the party rushed to the 1st of this month to provide assistance to the family.
He was speaking after the rumors in the constituency that whoever brings a district does not win.
Rupang, when asked about the postponement of the meeting to be held at Umroi Market, the MDC said that a meeting was held about 10 months ago at his residence on the 26th. MPCC President PW Muktieh, Umsning MLA and Jirang MDC have arranged to hold a public meeting on the 26th of October at Umroi Market. by 11am.
Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency and President of the Alumni Association in his speech said that the journey of Sngap Syiem College has been going on for 38 years. In the future, the college will continue to grow and attract students at various levels.
The promotion is the victory of the country's athletes.
You're talking like Biden.
On the same day, HDR together with the Mawlai MDC visited the Mawlai Petrol Pump.
When Bah Ardent arrived at the scene, the lower ranking soldiers admitted that it was their territory, but at that time Bah Ardent said that this was not the territory of the soldiers. , but it is the land of the people and he said that it is the duty of the army to do this from time to time.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, leader of the Revolution, on Tuesday said that the visit of Union Home Minister Amit Shah to the state is rude because even the leaders of the state have been treated badly. crane and walk.
He said that the Additional Superintendent of Police of West Jaintia Hills District has been directed to conduct an independent investigation into the reasons for the escape of the four robbers and one prisoner.
And when we look at the present era, as a member of the nation we need to revive and walk in the right path, not by force or the wrong path and as we have seen the events in history show that If these violence by the Government of India against the Khasi Hills cannot be resolved, the struggle will not end because from one generation to another there has been a terrible bloodshed.
But know that from the day of Pentecost it was the starting of the Holy Spirit to work, and this promise is still alive and active today.
“The MHA has never removed or deleted any language that has applied for inclusion in the Fifth Schedule.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has slammed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, saying that he does not need any syrnod from him.
With the victory on Tuesday, Langsning SC continue to hold second place and have hopes of winning the OC Blue SPL title, which is a few points behind Mawlai SC. first with 26 points.
He said that out of the 1000 crimes registered, about 50 per cent are due to drug abuse such as theft, money laundering, drugs, robbery and rape.
From Ri-Bhoi, it has taken Jirang while from West Khasi Hills, it has taken Nongstoin, Rambrai and Mawkyrwat.
The workshop was attended by youths, leaders of various sports associations, school children and others.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to convene a meeting to discuss the influx of foreigners to Shillong in recent days, especially after the bloodshed in Manipur. Rangbah Shnongs from different villages of Shillong in the coming days.
It is now up to the Cabinet how to present the work and introduce action plans that will contribute to the development of the State.
Police, although they have not been able to investigate the incident, suspect that the driver of the vehicle may have been driving too fast. and it shall not be planted in the night.
Kharkongor said that women in the state are aware of these laws to protect them.
The candidates will go to their homes.
The Hon. General Secretary of the WJDSA, Lammat Laloo, said that the union invites everyone to attend the closing ceremony.
Shillong, Nailar 9: On the 6th of this month, Raid Lyting and Nongsohphan have received a letter from the NBCC and also from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills through the ADC. people of this village.
Ma Lahkmen said that the Residential School at Pdengshakap, which is the first residential school in the State, will start next year, from class 9 to
He said that the suspect had assaulted the police chief and the langrut at Umiam Police Station and had disappeared for several days after the incident, but today he was arrested from Nongpoh. and is currently under police custody and the investigation is ongoing.
“I didn't think that God would choose me for this ministry because for 12 years I suffered from a terrible car accident but God chose and made me different even though I wasn't. “I am happy and accept what has happened in my life and I am now as I am,” said Bah Adelbert.
As mentioned earlier, the BJP intends to contest and hopes to win in 36 out of 40 constituencies in Bihar.
These 13 goals were enough for the 3rd MLP to win the tournament.
I arrested a man who dared to put kyiad in the grounds of the Presbyterian Church and took him to the Police Station, but these people filed a complaint against me and accused me of kidnapping this drunkard. Even until now, there have been people who have threatened to kill anyone,” said Bah Donboklang.
“There are still those who have joined the party. I don't want to tell you how many but soon you will know because the Model Code of Conduct has come into force. they haven't," he said.
On receiving the incident, the Nongpoh Police Station rushed to the scene and took the injured to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. He was seriously injured and was taken to Shillong.
Mohammed Altaf Mir said that he was introduced to the woman by a woman and they got married, but after they had been living together for about four months, Shaheen had left. She lost her gold and a lot of money, which belonged to Mir.
All the markets in East Khasi Hills District have been closed today. Even in the villages, there has been no crowd and there have been only a few vehicles on the road. .
“We have just started the work and hopefully we will be able to inform as soon as possible,” said Bah Metbah in an interview with the media on Tuesday.
Until the end of the match, although both the teams played hard, they had to score 10 points.
Shillong, July 24: The All Meghalaya Dance Association (AMDA) will celebrate its 12th Anniversary on the 8th of June at the SoSotham Auditorium starting at 11 am.
Therefore, we invite you all to join us on that day.
Mumbai Police have arrested Dawood Ansari, 22, on suspicion of involvement in the murder.
The celebration was held at Calvary of the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christian, Laitumkhrah where the Apostolic Nuncio or the Pope's representative to India, Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli, took part as the chief priest. In the presence of Bishops of the North East including Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh of Shillong, Bishop Lumen Monteiro of Agartala, Archbishop Emeritus of Guwahati, Archbishop Thomas Menaparampil, Bishop Stephen Rotluanga of Aizawl, Don Bosco's Rector Major of the Salesians, Fr Angel Fernandez Artime, in the presence of other priests and tens of thousands of devotees.
“I want to make it clear that the problem of the border residents is one that we take seriously because we want them to live in peace,” he said.
Commander Shangpliang urged the people to come and give their full support so that the government can implement the demands of the union as until now there are no groups to discuss the issues of the farmers. He added that the villagers in the state are farmers.
The climb is also part of the Dorbar Raij Mawbuh in the Hima Mylliem together with the Seng Khasi Kmie which is responsible and conducted by the Lyngwiar Korbarkam or Lum Sohpetbneng Committee.
Furthermore, the introduction of sub-paragraph 8 violates the customs and traditions of the people in the election of Syiems, Sirdars, Doloi, Nongsynshar Shnongs and others in a manner that allows others to be elected not only Khasi, where for race.
Emma, ​​who appeared in several films after Little Woman released in 2019, has not signed a new film. Her resignation from Hollywood was that she wanted to leave the film industry altogether but this didn't happen because she wanted to focus on other fields.
“Therefore, taking into account all these complaints, we have decided to set up committees in all GS circles to monitor and monitor the implementation of various schemes of the central government,” he added.
After a thorough discussion of the policy submitted by the Information Technology Department, the government has approved the policy, Prestone said.
He also urged the vendors to cooperate and also to those who buy cows not to import foreign cows into the state so that the spread of this disease can be curbed as soon as possible. ha cats.
He said the demand of KAS is also to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: U MLA and NPP candidate from Mawryngkneng, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that in this election, there is a surprising sign of the youth coming forward to give their support. to the NPP, and this shows a sign of hope that we can reach the goal of victory through unity.
After the first half, the game became tense on both sides and both teams played chess to score, but by the end of the first half both teams went to their respective teams. The bag is ready to cover the mar shi goal.
The incident happened on Monday, while the BJP candidate was campaigning in Srihipur village under his constituency, a picture of Murmu raping a woman has spread. You are not allowed to use Social Media.
He arrived early in the morning and waited at Riewsaid's house in Mawkhar until he met him.
Therefore, all the vendors have accepted this according to the directive of the municipal department because they also want to renovate this place, so that it will be beautiful.
The match on Tuesday will be between Sawmer and Langsning FC at 3 pm.
Kharkhrang said that he received an SMS on 3rd July from a mobile number 918259067234 from an unknown person who claimed to be a member of the HNLC and demanded T.1 lakh. I will leave for Upper Shillong at 7 pm the next day.
What can we do in the urban areas because we don't understand what the shiah is doing but those who have opened the border are the ones who have faced the problems and harassment by the Assam police and those who have been arrested. From time to time, they have experienced the most difficult times in their lives.
Please take responsibility, it is the life and death of the country and the nation which has been stopped by one person.
“It is his dream to give a share to women especially in the political sphere and in the important role in society,” she said.
Jaitley also praised the Prime Minister for his time as Finance Minister in 1991-96, saying they were memorable years. , in the Ri.
I don't know how the police can say that the rioters are members and leaders of political parties,” said Bah Ardent after the police claimed that those arrested in the assault on the Prime Minister were from political party.
This day was celebrated as part of the special remembrance of those with mental disabilities, who too are part of the world's poor people who should not be treated badly. .
Khliehriat: The South Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) today distributed food items such as Rice (6 byrni), Dai (10kg) and food distribution for poor families in Lakadong Ummat village on the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border.
On the other hand, since the beginning of the pandemic, markets, cars and churches have been closed.
Rani recalled the demand of Nit Shabong, former MLA in 1984, that the head of Iewduh should be handed over to the state government. “From 9 mer, when they put coal, at 3 mer, it takes up to 45 minutes,” he said.
Dr. Priyanka Dev, Associate Professor, Dr. Dasara Nongbet, Senior Resident and Dr. Priyanka Dev, Associate Professor, Dr. Priyanka Dev, Senior Resident and Dr. Join the Department of Anaesthesiology.
He said that in 2023, even if any government rules, HITO will not support but will stand against if it cannot implement the issues that the party wants.
She said that anyone can support the fight against cross-border crimes and promised that the names of the informants will not only be kept confidential, but there will also be a reward scheme. Income Tax is not paid.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The past 24 hours have been the rainiest days of 2014 in Shillong.
"“Therefore, I urge the relevant authorities to accept the suggestions so that it can improve the lives and residence of non-tribals in Meghalaya by immediately arresting the robbers involved in the murder. to foreign states so that there will be peace and stability in the State.
Rajesh Sharma, General Secretary BSNL Employee Officers Shillong, said that the demands of the BSNL employees were to implement the promotion of officers, to pay 30 percent after retirement, to issue an order to systematic promotion of all executive officers, and others.
On Tuesday, 397 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1499 in the State.
From this vision and dream of our ancestors, we get three hundred and seventy-five days, three months and four seasons in a year.
" Can you imagine that they believe the untruth all the time? The same is true of us as a nation if we don't wake up from this idea that we have been living for many decades.
Bah Francis SyiemliehThe Khasi proverbs “ME” and “PHA” have become widespread in the speech of the Khasi and in all kinds of Khasi literature, including the Christian Bible and the Protestant Bible. forty, those written in the Khasi language and those translated according to the Khasi grammar.
“Illegal activities occur in places where water wells should be maintained and such activities will be banned once this Act is amended,” said Bah Tynsong.
Nongpoh, Lber 03: The KSU Nongpoh Town Unit in a statement sent by its President Samla Ïabhalang Nongrum congratulates and wishes all the students and students of Ri-Bhoi District and the state as a whole who will compete. SSLC and HSSLC examination in
The companies that were allowed to implement the Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road have fled after the construction of the hills. of the people in the area.
Rose Salva Shullai is a manufacturer & supplier of chana in Salini Colony Mihmyntdu Village West Jaintia Hills since 3/06/2015 and has license No.11715001000133 for 3 years. Until 02/06/2019 this license is still valid.
The program was conducted by the President of the Sports Club, Bah Al Khongshei.
The Minister said that the monument will be unveiled on the 16th of June by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who will lead a delegation of Heads of State.
Then fire will come down from God and devour them.
Theory D Myrboh, P. Sengborlang Nongkynrih and Andrew A Jyrwa were elected as Rangbah Shnong.
It was at this school that the writer and poet of the nation, Myllung Soso Tham came to teach in
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) today held a special prayer at the KJP English Service Church, Police Bazar, Shillong to thank the state government for stopping the casino operation. The Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
The meeting was conducted by the President of Ephphatha Society in the presence of KBA President Kerlang Ksoo, members of Ephphatha Society and KBA members. The Lord Jesus.
Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary UDP Seng Kmie and MP Candidate of the UDP. The SDRF has not been able to recover the bodies or rescue them from the coal mine which is more than 370 feet deep.
Those who have passed the MCS degree should be more intelligent, more intelligent and more farsighted in all the various ways of working.
Besides welcoming and taking good care of these birds, I also urge you to do better in providing other necessities so that it will attract more tourists.
He said that the party is concerned to see that foreigners are trying to enter the state, even at this time when there is still a restriction on the entry from one state to another. the state.
In the past few days, police in Shohshrieh have seized two trucks carrying cows and the name of a Sengbhalang has appeared, but the Sengbhalang has denied that it owns these trucks. cow.
According to the bill, Hindus, Sikhs, Parsis, Jains, Buddhists and Christians who came from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan before 2014 can become citizens of India.
After the competition, the Youth Wing of Ïew Mawlong released the fish in the river to revive the beauty of the river which has been lost due to the you are clean.
This reporter has tried to get information from some of the schools in the outskirts of Nongstoin which have to take the Board examination for Class IX students. The school authorities said that they only received information through SMS on mobile phones and some of them received information through the school authorities from schools in Nongstoin through phones.
In the fourth match, P.Kharbuki (15,48min) scored two goals for Sohryngkham SC and in the fourth and final match, D.Kharbudnah (13, 28min) Mylliem Grassroot scored two goals alone for Mylliem Grassroot in the match against Mawpat SC.Jowai, June 16 : The Chief football tournament for boys and girls Minister U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023”, organized by the District Sports Officer, Jowai for Thadlaskeiñ Block, has reached its final today.
In the U17 Boys, H.Elias HSS beat Shillong College 4-3 by tie-breaker.
HELP FOR ORAL ULCER:— Citronellol is an important antiseptic ingredient.
There was also an allegation that the Hima Mylliem and KHADC did not listen to the voice of the people, but only to the voice of those who are close to the MDC of Umroi. The reason for these incidents was the involvement of Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MDC Umroi.
I decided to move on.
In this regard, Khrawbor Shangrit, General Secretary of HYC Lai Lyngdoh, while talking to reporters, said that the decision to collect the donation was taken by the Union of Village Authorities. Three Lyngdoh Areas and the landowners of Nongstoin, Pombriew, Wahkaji, Ranikor, Nongkynjang and Nonglwai at the meeting held on 20th June and at that meeting the union also decided to seek support for the case. led by the JAC, to contribute to the expenses.
The people who wanted to give colors began to come out and take their maida and atta to stir up the crowd.
In recent years and months, the BJP has accused the government led by Conrad K. Sangma of being involved in corruption such as the implementation of the Saubhagya Scheme, the mining and transportation of coal. illegal, misuse of funds sent by the Central Government to the JHADC and Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and others.
Those who wish to participate can register online by scanning the QR Code on the Flyers and Banners.
In these days before the polling day, we have seen the emergency traffic jams of trucks without sleeping day and night, it is not known whether it is day or night.
He is from Hailakandi District of Barak Valley.
Because no matter how well we parents think, the children will be the fulfillers and that is where the saying goes – children honor their parents.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court today quashed the order of the Meghalaya government, which banned teachers from engaging in political activities or even contesting elections.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 06: Five more candidates for the 2023 MLA election from two constituencies today completed their nomination papers. Returning Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that since the day he took over the government, he has focused on the projects and works that have been pending for a long time which the people have expected that nothing can be done, but the The government has taken care of these many challenges.
This village was born from the neighboring Nongdiengngan village by a struggle between the mother village and the newly formed village.
These nine deacons were consecrated by Most Rev Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh at Laitumkhrah Cathedral on Saturday in the presence of other priests, other religious leaders, their families and the faithful.
Speaking to media, Dr. Mukul Sangma said, “In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, I have mentioned the implementation of Smart Meters which should be installed through an independent investigation through the Special Investigation Team (SIT) lane of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
TG Momin has been appointed as the Acting Deputy Commissioner of the MCS.
According to the state police, Dilip had first attacked Krishna's residence on the charge that he had refused to help him for the purpose of the project. PMAY scheme and also on other assistance programs provided by the government.
When asked whether there is an allegation that a man arrested in Assam for illegal coal smuggling named Balwant Soni is closely involved with Health Minister James K Sangma, the Prime Minister said: He said that the Assam government has not yet sent any letter to the Meghalaya government on this issue.
"“The team is working with the Danish Ministry of Health to provide proper treatment to the player.
On the 2nd of July, only 18 beds have been set up in hospitals for Covid-19 patients in Meghalaya.
Similarly, the women and mothers should tell the dorbar ying that the child of the pyrsa has reached the age of marriage which means that it is understood without mentioning that she has started to menstruate and that she has somehow reached the age of menstruation. you are fifteen years old.
The residents of Nongtalang, Dawki and other areas have expressed their sorrow over this incident and found that at the time of accidents it is very difficult to help the people affected by such an accident because Nongtalang CHC has many shortcomings. to treat accident cases.
He said that the Council has not set a time limit for the completion but has directed that they should try to do it as soon as possible.
Helpme Phawa (57) and Hardyson Tang (69) scored the goals for FAM while Shining Rymbai (42 & 43) scored for Pasyih Cultural.
“I don't remember now.
Therefore, it is necessary for us as citizens to cooperate with the civil society for the betterment of the villages, the society as well as the country and the nation as a whole.
Shillong: The Director of Education, Meghalaya, AC Marak, has written to the Regional Office, AICTE, regarding the problems faced by the students of Meghalaya who have to sit for the UGC-NET Examination. 2022, who is mad.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning Constituency, congratulated HDFC Bank and SACH for their cooperation with the HDFC Bank. CSR has been able to bring in the E-learning Center and Turmeric Processing Unit in the village for the benefit of the residents.
Lawyerson War President Jaintia Student Union.
Earlier, the Congress leader said that since they got the full state, it is the Congress through Indira Gandhi who has given encouragement to the state.
Nongpoh, July 04: The Chief Judicial Magistrate of the District Session Court, Nongpoh, today sent another 14 days in judicial custody or imprisonment to two KSU leaders, after they were arrested. The construction site of the Railway Station at Ronghona Village, Ri Bhoi District has been destroyed.
In other parts of Kiang Nangbah, information was also received from RM Tokin Rymbai, SM Quotient Sumer, Lakhon Shullai, HH Mohrmen and others.
In the past, once you went to school, you knew that you had lost your job.
“If the UCC is implemented, it will have a serious impact on the functioning of the District Councils, the customs and traditions and the communities as a whole,” he said.
However, many misinterpret these revelations because they underestimate the power of the Creator.
She also reminded the drivers that when driving, they should understand that they put the lives of their passengers in their hands and urged them to be careful when driving. be careful to avoid any accidents while driving.
According to the complaint, Riyo Siangshai said that Redial Dkhar, Jopsing Latam and friends used to come to Riyo's residence from time to time and demand T30 lakh for the damage. “On the 8th of July at night, they came and threatened me and my family that if I don't pay the money as demanded, they will kill us,” he said. “I don't have or put coal in this place as alleged by Redial Dkhar and maybe this is the actions and allegations of other people and Redial Dkhar just to accuse and demand money from me. Redial Dkhar is still mining coal from the same area from the coal mine near the field and perhaps the damage to her field as alleged may have been due to the coal mining and Riyo Siangshai said that her son Jake Siangshai, while he was on his way to ring a video, found a vehicle loaded with coal belonging to Redial Dkhar. Redial Dkhar, her husband and son, came and stole the mobile of Jake Siangshai, shot him and stabbed him with a knife with the intention of killing him. After my husband and my son Michael Siangshai came to this place, we on the part of the family tried to make peace with them, but they refused. They threatened to shoot and stab us with a sword with the intention of killing all the members of the family,” said Riyo Siangshai.
Speaking to reporters, Bah G.Warlarpih, Leader of KJBWA, said that the group of all the meat farmers is deeply saddened by the suspension of the inspection by the Hima Mylliem. At the same time, he expressed his surprise at the presence of people who are destroying this good intention of the government and condemned the allegation, which has been made baselessly. that there is a collection of money for the inspection of cows at the cow market.
Nongstoiñ: The HSPDP Mawshynrut Constituency has prepared for the upcoming MDC elections and just a few days after the party has released the first list of candidates, from The party from Mashynrut today held a public meeting to introduce the party's candidate, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, niece of Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh. house of Blei).
This has benefited the poor.
The search was conducted at 15 places in Kolkata, Guwahati, Rangia, Shillong and Patna.
The CEM of KHADC recalled that on 27th June, 2013, Rajya Sabha MP Sabil Ali had raised a question in the House and that question was 'What are the reasons for the ban on India to enter those areas (with ILP) and the answer from the Union Home Minister at that time was 'The main purpose of the ILP is to prevent the infiltration of foreigners. Indians in the States where the ILP has been implemented to protect the rights of Indigenous Peoples'
The pastor said that according to the order of the Supreme Court, Aadhaar should not be made available to all but only to those who have their own will. “Children who are young as school children cannot be said to have their own will. They cannot choose their own will. “It is a violation,” said the Pastor, adding that the government's action is against the law.
The first protest program of the party is a night curfew, which was taken today, after waiting until evening for a reply from the government, said Bah LK Sawkmie, General Secretary of the party, while talking to reporters this evening.
He said that according to the Lokayukta, government employees should declare their annual income and the wealth of their children and spouses as well.
To prophets like Amos, God sent them to foretell things that would happen in Israel.
 Santa doesn’t know your name.
The Executive Committee has also informed the public that the R&R Colony from 2019 will fall under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah and those who are not Khasi cannot become Rangbah Shnong. to accept and recognize the certificates issued by the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
“Bah Pyniaid's remarks are only an attempt to tarnish the image of the leader and the party does not accept them at all,” said Bah J.Khymdeit.
Speaking to reporters from his residence in Noljuri, on the India-Bangladesh border, Jalal Uddin said, “I don't have a fever, I don't have a fever and the test is clear. male".
Children who play sports do not want to drink beer, cigarettes and ganja because they are afraid that their bodies will become weak and they will not be able to play well.
“Perhaps it is the people from here who live to cause trouble and perhaps they are the ones who started these things to accuse the KSU of being involved,” he said.
“Elect the UDP to provide the best service to the constituency,” said the UDP candidate, who is also a former Mawlai MLA.
Masks and Covid vaccines have been worn for
As part of the call for urgent implementation to curb the increase in drug-related crimes, the Governor has decided that those who aid and abet drug-related activities they will be regarded as enemies against the country, so that it can reduce the abuse of this drug.
“We demand that the decision to cut off the two seats reserved for the people of this state should be cancelled. “We should get back these two seats,” said Donald V Thabah.
According to the BDO of Mawkynrew Block, Bah LT Tariang, when he came to take over as BDO, out of the 66 Village Employment Councils (VECs), 8 VECs have ceased to operate due to lack of funds. There is no one who can work because he is afraid of Aadhaar.
The Chairman of the MPSC issued the announcement today.
It is true that the advent of the internet has made it easier for people in this age compared to the past. Technology era because of the rapid increase in knowledge about science.
However, regarding the arrest of Bah Cherish from Mawlai Kynton Massar from his house on 13th July 2021, it is a sad and unexpected incident and it is the failure of the police investigation department. Cherish was shot dead.
Earlier, the BJP had demanded the immediate release of the salaries of the MCCL employees. BJP members also held a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat to protest against this failure. Shillong, July 14: Four persons have died after their house collapsed in Ratacherra, East Jaintia Hills.
There is clear evidence that in the mining of uranium, we cannot escape radioactive contamination and environmental damage.
L.P School, Nozmul Arefin, Vice Principal, Baghmara Govt.
Before taking part in the ceremony, a short meeting was held where JSM leaders including Joint Secretary Pillar Phawa, General Secretary Women Wing Kong Nida and Iba Dkhar and others urged the JSM authorities to The law should take action and arrest those involved in such crimes which is unacceptable to the society and if found, the law should not release them but punish them severely.
The project was inaugurated by the MLA of the area, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as the chief guest in the presence of NECTAR officers, village leaders including Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Sordar of Jongksha. , residents, school children and teachers.
The ICMR also said that if patients wish to complete the test or even get vaccinated against COVID-19, it should be at the discretion of the relatives who send them for treatment.
However, Elzer Dhar has done a great job in cinematography, sound design is the work of Bah Julius L Basaïawmoit; the film editor was edited by Nixon Kharbithai; The song was composed by Bah Augustine Kurbah and Dalariti Gratel Kharnair, who is also a singer along with Anderson Warlarpih.
He said that the Congress leaders should understand that the Indian National Congress has ruled the state for more than 40 years and the people of the state have not seen much development during the rule. they.
The counting of votes for the Lok Sabha elections will be held on 4th July
It is for this reason that Bangladeshis are dying in the North East, especially in Assam and Meghalaya, because their country is too crowded; 881 people live in 10 square kilometers.
“I believe that by not taking this House to the Rajya Sabha, it is a great victory for Assam.
I have directed government officials to submit a detailed report on this,” he said.
From time to time, newspapers will publish articles on the reasons for the decline of the jaidbynriew, but it is difficult to see anyone to give advice on how to improve it or restore it. the name and glory of the ancients.
Will we as a peaceful society have to face those terrible times again especially now that our state is famous for the development of tourism which has also brought income opportunities? and many young men.
The level of education in our country is only in three or four generations”.
He said that there is another person in his area who is also a member of his family.
However, it was not until 1780 that Robert Raikes put Sunday School on the map of England and spread it around the world.
He said that from now on, the KHADC will conduct chess campaigns in different places.
At the same time, Batyngshain denied that the decision of Grace M Kharpuri to contest because she lost the Congress ticket would not affect him as it was her free will.
Khliehriat, July 20: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday issued an order and notice under Section 144 CrPC in East Jaintia Hills District. Prohibition of quarrying stone and shyiap from the bottom of rivers According to the law, it is prohibited to quarry stone, quarry stone and quarry shyiap from rivers, as this pollutes the water of the rivers, as well as He said that the quarries are also polluting the river waters, not only that, the rocks, sand that flows from the quarries and sand mines often flow into the rivers and also the They prevent plants from growing and flourishing in sharing areas, at the same time they affect the living things that live in the waters and rivers.
Robertjune said that in the coming days, the CoMSO will hold meetings with the Syiems, Daloi, Raid Chiefs, Rangbah Shnongs, Youth Organizations, women's organizations to discuss and seek cooperation.
Nongpoh: Five persons were injured when a Maruti Swift overturned on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District. 18mer, Byrnihat.
Today's meeting on trade and tourism with Vietnamese companies, led by the DoNER Ministry of India and Invest India, was very successful.
During the march, placards were carried demanding severe punishment for the robbers, speedy trial and punishment for these three persons.
The deceased was identified as Jini D Marak, 35, resident of Rongkhon Songittal and owner of a bookstore at Araimile in Tura.
Mawkyrwat, November, 01: As part of the celebration of World Aids Day, the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) of South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the World Aids Day The office of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) today celebrated a special day at Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) will take part in the BCCI's Senior Women's T20 Trophy to be held at Vadora on Saturday. will be launched next month.
The poor or BPL people of Meghalaya have no access to land to build houses and farmland.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma on Monday said that if the AITC comes to power, it will cancel the MoU. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum (KHNAM), on Tuesday asked the Minister of Home Affairs, whether the death of Bah Thangkhiew, was planned and whether the incident was planned. On this occasion, the Minister said that the government has launched an inquiry into the incident; However, Adelbert did not respond, saying, “The speeches of the DGP, the Minister of Home Affairs and the Prime Minister are contradictory.
Taking part in the meeting, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, said that the leadership of the NPP government, said that the members of the party have been injured, because they do not want the police to knieh ia. flags and placards.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Circle has distributed food items to two villages, Darrang and Padubah villages under Amlarem Sub-Division. , West Jaintia Hills District.
If the soil has sufficient moisture no further action is required once it is planted, and the tree will grow.
However, in the end they did not succeed and had to take their children to health centres.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang has urged former MLA and United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate HDR Lyngdoh to speak face to face if he says that in five years Bah Samlin has not done anything for the constituency.
Now it is seen that more and more people will contest from the BJP, including women.
“Their feelings and my feelings are very different because I feel that I am still a member of the UDP but they feel that I am no longer a member of the UDP. .
Belgium, who have some of the world's top players, including Romelo Lukaku, Eden Hazard, Kevin De Bruyne and goalkeeper Kompany, have scored Thomas Meunier's goal in the fourth minute and Eden Hazard's goal in the 82nd minute.
The UHM urges the public to come forward and oppose this public hearing so that the company's plan will fail.
When the master came, he told him.
If they become masters, until they show their power to change the masters, that is the folly of the owners.
Many of those who have formed the party in the State are snar suda and we have already seen that in the Assembly itself and in the news of the Assembly.
The division of the nation in the name of feeling, religion, kinship, friendship, wealth, strength, superiority, pride, family, the feeling of love, the feeling of jealousy, the feeling of many kinds, should not forget the cause, the nation.
Not only that, but some of the office bearers and supporters of the party from Mawkham Myriaw, Dombah Pariong, Northern Border Zone, Ksehkohlong, Domkseh, Nongkasen and others. They also expressed their strong hope that they will reach the goal of victory because the party has taken the best step.
Meduwin Marak and Delpinna Sangma are fishermen from East Garo Hills.
The deceased was identified as Chandamuni Banai of Pataghat Ryngku.
Jesus Himself said, “Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.
The earnest money in the form of deposit on call shall be written to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
In Group-C, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Chhattisgarh and Odisha are in the group.
“The Air Hostesses have recognized all the Congress MLAs from Meghalaya because they spend most of their time traveling from Shillong to Delhi by plane to meet the AICC leaders just because their MLAs need to bring NC. to the Prime Minister,” said Bah Paul.
Maybe he can like me, but I don't like him,” said Ramesh Kumar.
So far, the government has spent tens of lakhs of rupees to recruit people especially to pump water due to the need for strong equipment imported from abroad.
“All the children since the beginning of Bah Ardent's hunger strike, as soon as they come home from school, they talk only about him and draw pictures to donate and force him from the first day to visit,” said one. a mother who has children under 12 years of age.
Paul (Saul) after his conversion cast out demons in the name of Jesus.
The DC has given permission to the fish vendors to sell local fish from Assam and assured that within these 100 days, the government will take action as soon as possible. regarding the 15 day ban on imported fish.
So far, 10 cases have been confirmed in the state.
Shillong: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Shillong, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that as the people have given their trust, the party will fight against corruption in the state. fight against poverty.
The DC said that the cleanliness drive will be held tomorrow 29th June from 8.00 AM onwards and the cleanliness drive will start in front of Nongstoiñ Market. The public awareness meeting will be attended by officers of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
He said that besides the distribution of piglets, goats and cows will soon be distributed through the same scheme and urged the people to take care and raise them so that it will be of benefit to them. hi.
“You should have sent him to study Father.
Nongpoh, November 15: The Deputy Commissioner, Ribhoi District today issued a clarification to the public regarding the misunderstanding of plastic bags. , but they are fortified rice.
Jowai, June 20: As part of the efforts to protect the cleanliness of the Myntdu River, which is one of the sources of drinking water for the city, the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the Wah Myntdu Cleanup Team The Jowai Fishing and Environment Protection Association (JFEPA), the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB), officers of the Urban Department on Friday visited the Inspection) to the parts of this river.
And for the sons to receive a share from their parents without being knieh by the Kur after the death of their parents, the same happens because there is no this Act.
Uttarakhand has 2,220 new cases, of which 914 are from Dehradun and 613 from Haridwar, with 2,780 new cases between 10 and 15 June
Let us examine this answer of this officer.
According to the Khasi legends, the Khasi are free from cultivation or land ownership because the rule of land ownership is that everyone receives their share whether it is inherited from their ancestors or the land. Although there are other Khasi land tenure systems, it is known that they are different from the land tenure systems of other Khasi. Community.
The discovery of the child has shocked the entire village, as the body of the child has been destroyed.
Non-NFSA has 7.215 kilograms of card at a price of T.14/- per kilogram.
“Even today there was a news but after reading it, I understand that it is just a rumor,” said the TMC leader. you must hear from the mouth of the owner before writing such a message.
This village was founded by three women, Niawni Puwein, Riwir Puwein and Laipyrdi Puwein who occupied a large piece of land called Khyndew Puwein.
George B.Lyngdoh wants Ri Bhoi to get a Civil Sub-Division, Jason S. Mawlong wants Umsning to get a Civil Sub-Division. , as the Nongpoh MLA, wants and demands that the government should introduce the Umden C&RD Block, while the Mawhati MDC says that he demands the Mawhati C&RD Block.
He congratulated the leaders and members of the MPUF to continue to serve the community better.
Those who are still in doubt cannot do anything.
Tyllilang Challam 14.
Before the awards ceremony, a speech was delivered by Bah Dmuising Khongjirem, President of the Club, who expressed his satisfaction with the participation of many people even though it is the first time that they have held such an event. shooting with Indian Rounds and spears.
In the coming days, we shall see whether this difference in the trade and commerce is justified or not.
Her brother-in-law, Mawryngkneng MLA David Nongrum, said that a complaint has been lodged and the law will take the necessary action to conduct an investigation into the matter.
Thabah said it was his duty to clarify the PIL as there is no written statement in the Government of India that if you do not inject you have to test.
The situation in the Middle East has deteriorated in recent months due to violence and conflict between Israel and Palestine.
“(She also confirmed that) they will try to meet with the relevant officials of the Union Health Ministry to resolve this problem and to request that all the candidates of the village will be allowed to to write their examinations at the examination centers in the state,” said Thabah to Kong Ampareen.
Tip Where Are You???? From a nation that is strong in its customs and traditions or its land management practices to the landlessness and poverty of the children.
There are only shipiah children in our Hynniewtrep country, not in other countries.
The government needs to implement the policy from now on for the next 15-20 years because if it does not do so now, it will pose a serious threat to employment at that time.
This sad news is that the men who shot him were walking up and down the hospital and this false news has spread all over including on social media.
NOTE – 292.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
And we know that the things of this world are temporary, but the things of heaven are eternal.
Semson Teron of the Karbi Students' Association (KSU) demanded that the police station should be rebuilt in the area and warned that if the state government does not do anything, the union will have to rebuild the police station. make strong judgments.
Shillong: The water level in the Umiam Dam has reached 3205.14 feet at 11 am today.
So this made him decide that whatever happened, if Lydia would agree to stay together, because he understood that he could no longer live away from her.
Various programs on women's health, distribution of gas cylinders through Ujjwala Yojana, electrification through Saubhagya and transformational programs like Swachh Bharat Mission and Jal Jeevan Mission have been implemented. improve the quality of life and well-being of the people.
He also highlighted the power of women in the work of the Church and in spreading the Gospel.
Speeches were also delivered by the Chief Guest, Chairman of KHADC and MDC Mawphlang Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC Sohiong Sherbor Mawlong, Lyngdoh Mawphlang and Village Leaders. the neighboring village.
Regarding the pollution of the river, part of the praise should be given to the leaders and members of the RBYF, who have surprised the people by going to clean up the river which has become very polluted and soon it will no longer be clean. The people will use this river as a source of water for cleaning.
Factories in the Export Promotion Industrial Park (EPIP) in Byrnihat, Ribhoi District, have closed down due to the lack of electricity to operate in these areas. factory.
Shillong, July 06: The residents of Raid Marwet have strongly opposed the proposal to change the law of the Raid Marwet.
The Jaintia Tourism and Environment Society, Jowai, as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, will hold a Golden Climb Stairway Climbing Competition.
She understood that now after Panah had come to stay at home, her soul was not happy anymore, especially after her mother had forbidden her to go out and come, she felt very hopeless.
The Minister also inquired into the reason for the delay in completing the roads in the four states so that he could understand how to do it.
AHAM has requested the Youtuber to remove the video which defames Garo Hills and the Achik people as the Seng stands with him to get justice.
The Department of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India is conducting a 'Campaign for Women for Water, Water for Women' to celebrate Jal Diwali from 7th to 9th November,
These forces are more likely to deceive our people who do not know their own culture, or the culture teachings of our nation, and also the villages and townships that remain in you are dark.
Guwahati: Congress leader Ajanta Neog has joined the BJP in Guwahati today.
Suzie Basan won the gold medal while Karan won the overall champion.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Election Commission of India (ECI) through the State Election Department has received the turnout figures in 59 constituencies of the state.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Jim Iawphniaw, who conducted the meeting, Bah Michel K.Dewsaw, Chairman of the Kur, Bah Nestor Iawphniaw, Kni Rangbah of the Kur Iawphniaw, Bah Nestor Iawphniaw, Bah O.Nongsiej Secretary, Bah SK Thongni Sordar of Siejlieh Village and the parents of these children who survived the drowning and others.
There are 14 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
The survey will be conducted at four times, from 7 pm to 10 pm, 11 pm to 5 pm and 5 pm to 7 pm respectively.
The Meghalaya e-Proposal System is also hoping to win this award, which will be awarded on 31st June in Geneva, Switzerland.
Everyone is invited to join hands on this day as part of the Christmas and New Year celebrations.
In Nayabazar area, BSF troops who saw people walking on the border stopped to investigate but the robbers fled taking advantage of the darkness of the night and the forest.
The Chief Minister was speaking at the Farmers' Conference held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong today.
Therefore, the heart of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit is determined to reveal the truth even if it is difficult to reveal the truth, especially when two government ministers, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh have also revealed the truth. I am sorry that I did not speak Hindi in the Legislative Assembly.
On the 5th of this month, he said that they had received information from Ma Lahkmen Rymbui that the NCTE has fully recognized the B.Ed College as a 4 year Integrated Course.
The Air Force said it will continue to improve other airfields in Arunachal Pradesh to meet the urgent needs of the state.
People who pass through this road come from Barak Valley, Silchar in Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and Manipur.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday said that the state government has a goal to curb illegal marriage of children in Assam. within the year
Therefore, the government has to buy electricity from other companies and supply electricity itself.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the 10th Anniversary Continental Jubilee of Laban Bengali Higher Secondary School in the presence of Rakkam Sangma, Minister of Education. book on Tuesday.
He said that this step will help in creating jobs, providing clean gas and promoting trade.
Meanwhile, Langstiehrim and Umwiehsup will remain as containment areas due to the number of residents who have just tested positive for COVID-19 and the vaccination drive has not been completed in these areas. the two villages of Pyndengumiong.
Preparations for the General Election of the state to elect 60 MLAs to legislate and other matters for the benefit of the people of the state have immediately begun. Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The government has issued this order after receiving information that some political parties intend to hold a mass rally in front of the House in the coming days. sain and injury to human life.
Therefore, the state government has allowed to open only hotels, but guest houses, homestays and tourist attractions in the state as a whole have not been allowed to open.
Once again, we see that this demand has been expressed and some political parties have given their support.
Khongwir said why it is difficult for the government to call for talks with the Sengbhalang who are fighting against the ILP in any form.
It is said that the man had a knife in his hand and with that knife he injured and intended to attack those whom he met on his way that day.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the government will convene another meeting with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to discuss the evacuation of the residents of Mawlong Market. .
Nongpoh, July 11: Leaders of the Ri Bhoi People Movement (RBPM) today expressed their concern over the delay by the NHAI authorities in the construction of the Umsning Bye-Pass road. They met with DC Ri Bhoi District Dr Pooja Pandey at her office in Nongpoh.
The government's decision to temporarily suspend the railway line came after the KSU staged a strong protest against it and 26 members of the KSU have been arrested so far.
Take the example of the leaders of Assam, Manipur and other states and take the necessary action immediately.
“We have decided not to cancel the personal interview but to change the marking system.
Shillong: Saira Tynsong, 54, resident of Darrang, Dawki, West Jaintia Hills, has been arrested.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) in Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, in the past few days, have met with Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, to demand that the government of Raid Marwet Umsen, one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi District, should hold a meeting to elect a Rangbah Shnong in Umsen, one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi District. The group wanted to appoint a non-Khasi Rangbah Shnong by force and caused a stir in the village.
Therefore, I have some special suggestions to the people of Lyngngam and Meghalaya in general as follows:1) To revive agriculture:-O people of Lyngngam and Meghalaya, why that we should not defile the good land which God hath given us? The soil in our country is sufficient to cultivate and grow almost all kinds of crops.
On the other hand, even playing video games can affect your ability to concentrate.
Why do we all want to work in the government but we don't want to shake hands with the initiative of the Prime Minister ? #adoptionschool or #projectstar.
Chiehruphi Village Secretary Dametreyo Rymbai, Mynkre Village Secretary Sani Bareh and Tongseng Village Secretary Saman Phniaw expressed their gratitude to the HYC and wished it to continue to provide assistance to the poor families especially in the field of law. During this time of lockdown, the villages and townships are closed to fight against the disease.
My Government has approved to allocate the Police Infrastructure Renovation Fund for the repair and improvement of police stations, fire stations and battalion headquarters.
For the elderly and the disabled, the roads in Shillong are a threat to human life,” the High Court said.
It is worth mentioning that according to the reading of the provisions of the sand by Minister MB Kharlukhi, some of them include the prohibition against Rangbah Shnongs to demand fees when there is a sale of land in the villages. They were prohibited from charging too much for the entrance fee, except if there was a proposal from the respected owners.
According to the union, after seeking more information on the land, it found that the Forest Department had allocated land only for the construction of the temple, which is a Hindu place of worship, in 1923 and is always for ceremonial purposes and not for settlement purposes.
It is worth mentioning that the KHADC and the four Himas have refused to accept the decision of the government regarding the demarcation of the boundary.
A case was registered at Jowai Police Station under PS Case No. 155(12) 2008 U/s 376 IPC.
Not only here but other districts are also facing the same problem”.
Thus, “Those who are in the flesh cannot please God” Romans 8:8, nor can they become children of God.
Gabriel won only 60 votes against the incumbent MLA of Nongstoiñ, Mac Millan Byrsat of the NPP. to fight in Mylliem.
Therefore, he said that it is necessary for those who do not have it to take good care of it.
The KSU leader said that he doesn't want to forget what the KSU has done in the past 40 years, but he said that from now on the KSU will not only hold the tyngam but will show the tyngam. “The KSU will not use its words but will use its actions,” he said.
The others were identified as Rajiv Watson, 30, Rajit Shakmak, 24, and Udaoi Mandal,
The program was also attended by representatives from various departments such as the Police, DCPU, Child Welfare Committee, Juvenile Justice Board (JJB), Childline, Villages, In charge of Special. Juvenile Police Unit and Anti Human Trafficking Unit.
In the past, the ruling parties in Delhi and Assam did not want to share or explain the formation of the government in Meghalaya.
The affected are 79 villages, 186 houses and 2777 people.
One teacher in LP has been assisted by the government, four in UP and one teacher in secondary has been paid by the managing committee.
What is more surprising is that among these five persons, there are also those who are the husbands of high-ranking officers such as the husband of a doctor, the husband of a government officer, the husband of a teacher, the husband of a teacher. There is a nurse and an Air Hostess.
“Shisha is good for you, Riia.
This meeting of the mother of the girl has brought more confidence and trust to the man after he came to their residence and during this visit she has brought more confidence and trust to the man. good on the part of the mother and this young woman.
New Delhi: The city of Meghalaya today was filled with garbage and mixed with pum pum where many of the people of Meghalaya who live in Delhi remembered their own. the places where they live, the mountains, the rivers, the beautiful plains, the clean air and many others.
especially those parents who send their young children to Shillong.
States in India are also involved in increasing the price of fuel through the increase in the Value Added Tax (VAT) on petrol and diesel to protect themselves from the low share of the Goods and Service Tax ( GST).
He said that for each subject, about 25-26 skilled and intelligent teachers have been appointed to judge the best papers and send them to the MBoSE for acceptance for admission as students. court school.
Amon Lepcha scored the goals in the 26th and 59th minutes followed by Gladdy Kharbuli in the 74th minute.
Shemladbha Khongwir of Seng Khasi College won the Champion of Champion award and Yirmi Jagoi of Women's College won the Champion of Champion award. The Best Athlete was awarded to Maianbok Marwein (St.Anthony's College).
The Iaslait ceremony was completed after the breaking of all 67 Rong which means Rot in the language of the people of Jowai.
He said that to be separate does not mean to stay behind. “We will stay the same until we die”.
The total number of cases in Assam has now reached 8,4
There is also a fine of T.200 and imprisonment for violation of this Act.
“It is the right of every child to be born in a safe and secure environment and to grow up in a safe and secure environment,” she said.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 25 new cases have been confirmed and 716 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
On the banks of the Ganga, Jamuna, Godaveri, a ritual is held in which Hindu believers immerse themselves in the belief that sins will be cleansed and the greatest diseases will be cured.
India ranks 7th with an annual budget of $1.93B for these activities.
The WJDSA has organized this football tournament as part of the celebration of its 50th Anniversary.
The training started from 16th March to 21st March 2023. The training was concluded with the distribution of certificates to the trainees who completed the training in the presence of DFS FI MSRLS Ribhoi District, Mr. Treybor Masor.
The day before, on July 15, 1995, it received 930 mm of rainfall.
Of the 10 new cases, two were reported in Tehran and eight in Qom.
Speaking on the occasion at the Press Club, Dr. Richa Bansod said that there are many ways to treat children with cerebral palsy. Autism) by taking stem cells from the human brain and injecting them into the bone marrow after treatment.
The Social Secretary is in charge.
In a thorough investigation, it was found that from each of the border villages, there are residents from Garo and Khasi villages, who have registered themselves on both the electoral rolls ( election roll) of Meghalaya and Assam.
Although the UDP is part of the BJP-led North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA), it has made it clear that the NEDA is the only platform to discuss development issues related to the North East. but it is not a political platform.
The CBI has conducted raids in Jorhat and Guwahati.
Shillong: The Shillong Municipal Board today at 1:00 pm raided the shops built by the people who sell goods in these areas. The car is located in Motphran.
Rida's mother didn't have a bedroom with her husband.
Parents don't have time for their children anymore, and the children are in their own jobs or interests whether they are still studying or working.
On the other hand, Synroplang said that they have been sent to earn for 10 months but if they need to, they can apply for leave for reasonable reasons.
On the other hand, Prestone said that the land purchase process will start soon.
Weeks went by and weeks came.
High Court Judge HS Thangkhiew, in the hearing, decided to close the case, and did not issue a decision, as per Sharma's demand.
The four houses include the house of Jewistnorian Marbanniang with damage worth Rs 2 lakh 75 thousand, the house of Shripsing Wahlang with damage worth Rs 3 lakh. The house of Lastar Lyngkhoi, which was used as a furniture shop, was damaged to Rs 5 lakh 70,000 including household items. The damage to the house of Bah Maianlang Nongphud, which was occupied by two persons, has reached 2 lakh 6 thousand rupees. Syiem The damage amounted to 48,000 tyngka and another 70,000 tyngka which was only the household items of Bah Khainslep Lyngdoh who is a resident of the same house.
Those who pass through the toll gate/plaza without a FASTag will have to pay a fine.
Both the couple, who are the parents of the child, were inside the house, when they heard the sound of gunfire and the sound of people falling. They found their 4-year-old son lying on the ground with blood flowing continuously and immediately informed the police to take him immediately to the police station. you bag care.
In this incident, one house was destroyed.
There are farmers in the market if they can sell their goods when they come home they are filled with laughter and if they can't sell they are filled with sadness and sorrow. It is time for the farmers as well as the day laborers to receive training and skills whether in agriculture or even in day labor so that they can improve in their jobs.
The hearing of these cases will be held on the 13th of this month.
In a statement, the Seng through Bah Lurshaphrang Khongsam President invites all the Khasi religious leaders to come and join us. Therefore, the Lympung will be a happy and peaceful event.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang has urged the people to come before 12 pm every day.
They should have won 31 MLAs for one party no matter what it is and not to elect a few here and there.
The Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, through this statement, invites and invites all the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniawwasa to come together for the sake of the flourishing of the religion and customs.
The final match was witnessed by the Minister of State and MLA Kyrmen Shylla, IPS, Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of the elders of the area.
Throughout the day, the MLA Nongpoh, has donated broadcasting equipment and others to the PHC, so that the staff of the PHC can use it.
He said that the reason for the problem of MeECL is the low price of electricity consumers, and this price is the lowest in India and therefore, the government has had to cover up the price. buy electricity from other companies and sell it back at a lower price to the public.
Hubert in his speech expressed his gratitude to Ardent who is also the president of the party for allowing him to stand for office after Ardent resigned.
They are cultivated in Jhum Cultivation and in Hali.
Many of these Garo have dropped out of their studies because they have not passed the Technical Studies Examinations.
All participating schools will have to register online and offline to participate in this sports tournament.
Myrthong said that in fact, the former Syiem of Mawsynram Hima, Glorence Malngiang, has approved the ceremony at this place. with the permission of the King of the Hima.
Some of the wholesalers in the area, said that since the implementation of the Food Security Act (FSA), in the state, which has been going on smoothly, they have never received any payment in relation to food. They also asked the government whether the government will send them anything in this regard.
Speaking on the India Space Policy 2023, Kant said the policy was announced earlier this month with the aim of allowing the private sector to participate in space activities. for India.
To look back at the past we have the LYNGWIAR DPEI and the PALONG (Sleep), these are the sources of knowledge among the Khasi people of our ancient times.
Meghalaya has one of the highest number of smokers in the country.
Speaking to Rupang, Niewkor said that he earns his living by selling kwai and tympew to the workers in the coal mines. He said that he does not have a shop but he runs a shop at home. , said that he used to get kwai from his own fields, but now his brothers are exporting kwai as much as they can to parts of Assam.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Dorbar Hall in Mawtari Myrdon, Dr C Lyngdoh strongly criticized the MDA government for not taking action to bring about development works as Mawtari Myrdon this year has hosted the Synod. The government has allocated about Rs 1 crore for roads but unfortunately the village has not received any roads (Internal Raods) even though the synod has left.
On these grounds, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyay and submitted a petition to request for action on these issues. On the part of the President of the Union, Bah Blikstar Sohtun, he said that the Khasi people are also concerned about this behavior of the Karbi and Nepalis in Block II. The District West Karbi Anglong authorities have not stopped and allowed to hold this protest which has affected the peace and order of the people in these villages where the boundary settlement by the two governments is still pending.
“We have tried everything and we have already told the state government and we have already passed the resolution on the ILP but they are in power in Delhi, so it is up to their leaders,” he said. state.
Therefore Jesus said to them, “I have come in my Father's name, and you do not believe me.
He said that until now, none of the party leaders have come forward to meet or talk to him as he used to speak for many when there are those who are involved in such incidents. .
When I grew up and went to class I decided to ask my father why he didn't teach me to start from
The more they complain and complain to the Government authorities, the more they are persecuted and persecuted.
It can be said that even in this state, the production of food items, especially rice, has declined.
Violet is also a candidate from the constituency for the Legislative Assembly who is waiting for the BJP ticket along with Justine Dkhar.
In another development, the curfew will be in force in Shillong from 9 pm to 5 pm from 10th July
Members can submit a written submission and we will discuss immediately with the Government of Assam”.
At this meeting, the farmers were explained about how to register, the benefits under this scheme, how to report in case of natural disasters so that they can get their insurance and so on. .
“I have come to visit these places to inform that we will start construction of these roads, which the people of these four villages need,” said PT Sawkmie.
“In the Khadar system, it is impossible to say who is the leader and peace is good to announce but it is difficult to do the job.
Weelan Lywait, 68, of Iawmusiang, died at Woodland Hospital, Jowai while Mily Guring, 56, of Mawbah, died at Supercare Hospital, Shillong.
V.I.P...u hurry up ei, to go to school or market.
In 2021-22, the construction of highways has reached 37 km per day but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it has decreased to 28.64 km per day.
Although it is a threat, the state government has not done anything to stop this which has endangered the aquatic life and the people who use drinking water in the city.
Harsh reportedly fell into a 10 feet high valley and drowned.
After independence, the country has gained the right to self-government with the goal of promoting the development of the country in all aspects.
Furthermore, the party calls upon everyone to join hands during these hours of protest.
The UCC was included in the Sub Committee as one of the Non-Justiciable Fundamental Rights, and later, in the draft Constitution of the Advisory Committee, as one of the Directive Principles of State Policy.
Shillong, June 20: The family members of Bah Kopal Swer, 52, of Dympep village, East Khasi Hills have lodged a complaint with the Sohra Police Station regarding the disappearance of Bah Kopal Swer since the 20th. October, 2023 has not been found yet.
After scoring 10 goals, HITO players also struggled to score and after a few minutes of the first half, they scored two goals.
The Cabinet meeting approved to allocate T.6,000 per annum under the Prime Minister's PM KISAN scheme to all farmers in the country.
The first three schools founded by Thomas Jones are now known as Nabon Sawian Memorial Secondary School in Mawmluh, Larsing Khongwir Memorial Secondary School in Mawsmai and Sohra Twa Presbyterian Upper Primary School in Sohra.
According to the Sordar, the beauty of Nongjrong in the morning when the sun is rising and the bright clouds, can be seen best from April to October, but except in in July and June it is less.
“It would be great if the central government would set up this scheme,” he said.
Rona Khymdeit, former Nongpoh MDC from the UDP who had joined the Congress before the last MLA elections, has now decided to join the party. NPP will hold a rally on the 22nd of this month in Nongpoh.
At the same time, he said that the woman is very fortunate to have a well built, well maintained and decorated house.
Shillong, November 11: The Acting Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Shella, Bah B.Ora, has been angry with the Acting Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Shella, Bah B.Ora. Bidesh Dkhar was issued a certificate to prove that he belongs to the Dkhar clan and his father belongs to the Chyne clan. Pyrkan, Shella, is a person who knows him well and is also a good person.
At this meeting, the KSU leaders were urged to explain to the people to allow the government to dump garbage in the area to resolve the issue until the full area is obtained.
The people have been silent only during the election and as soon as the election is over, they have started to change their silence because no one recognizes or counts them as human beings.
On the other hand, the MDC also asked such doctors, whether after receiving their salary from the government, why do they still refuse to go to their private clinics? The MDC said that he will write to the higher authorities regarding the stinginess of the doctors and staff. Nongpoh: Smriti Zubin Irani, Minister of Textiles, Government of India, on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Integrated Textiles Tourism Complex. He praised the Minister by saying that she is the most humble Minister of all and wants to have a close relationship with the people.
Regarding this action of Amrit Cement, FKJGP-EAST JAINTIA HILLS together with FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle, strongly condemn the company's closure of the roads which have not existed since ancient times. the same used.
This is a great tool that has brought about many changes in the world.
NEIAH has conducted 35 health camps and 4 CMEs during the same period.
According to Bah Kharkongor, candidates can spend up to 28 lakh tyngka in this election.
He said that even after the PWD department has sent several letters to the contractor but he has not responded and last month, he was dismissed and given a sign.
MIPRL also does not support any call for a curfew and calls on its supporters not to cooperate with the curfew.
However, according to the newspapers, the KHADC has proceeded to complete the work.
“According to the RTI, we will meet the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary and the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to report on this incident and to punish the MDCs who have misused the scheme. " said Mr. Dkhar.
In the market I saw that they were preaching only this, you can say only in the shop that this is the only thing.
The following documents should be accompanied by the application: Court fee stamp Rs.25/-, resolution of the Dorbar Shnong, names and phone numbers of the members of the Vigilance Committee, Scheduled Tribe Certificate. , Epic Card, Bank Account No. (Xerox the front page of the passbook showing the names of Bank Accounts etc.), 2 Passport size photographs, Mobile Phone number, Bank Security Deposit Rs. .5000/- (Three Thousand Rupees) and your Aadhaar Number.
According to information received, the incident happened at 12 noon today, when some residents saw him walking near the Umiam River. When he was about to die, the people saw him and ran away before he died in the Pung Umiam.
Ribhoi has 15 new cases, followed by West Garo Hills 41 cases, West Jaintia Hills 20 cases and West Khasi Hills 11 cases.
He said the BJP is not like the Congress to hide the work done by the people.
“Last year, the government had allocated funds for 10 to 12 bridges because we had a plan to build dewbilat bridges in places where there are wooden bridges.
Police are investigating the cause of the murder.
There was no accident in this incident.
After their meeting with the Governor at Raj Bhavan, Bah RL Blah, Secretary of SNSBH, said that it would be good for all the 60 MLAs, regardless of They will go to Delhi and demand before the rulers of the Central Government to immediately implement the ILP in the State.
Thank you very much to all of you who have read this section.
Dkhar, Organizing Secretary, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Publicity Secretary, Samson Rymbai, Finance Secretary, H.Nongtdu, Asst Finance Secretary, Ohiwet Rymbai.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government through the office of the Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has purchased 25 ambulances at a cost of Rs 4.50 crore from Uttar Pradesh.
This list of 52 sections will discuss various aspects of elections and related activities on the part of the people.
To the Khasi people, Because they are truly blessed by God.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Padu Unit on July 2 lodged a complaint with the MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills and SDO Amlarem Sub-Division regarding the loss of electricity of the city of Padu.
The state government has tried its best to impose various measures in the state to prevent the spread of the disease even by closing all places of worship, public gatherings, and others.
All over the world there will always be riots when the people see that their rights have been violated when they have paid taxes.
The meeting was attended by women, organizations, youth, friends and loved ones at the Bethany Society Hall, Shillong. Pastors, priests and sisters of Kong Agelbeth also strongly condemned the people who posted Kong Angebeth on social media with the intention of misleading the minds of the people.
“When the forests win, when the stones fall, when the 'erpyngngad', once again it will come.
“Does Kohli used to pass through the Shillong-Nongstoin road to Rongjeng?
There are many things that can rob us of our time, in order to prevent us from doing what we should do.
However, regarding the arrival of mynder in the area, the Seng does not allow at all especially those who come to work without proper documents, therefore the Seng strongly urges the The contractors should first employ the villagers from the area because the road work is also done by many who can do it not only that khar poiei.
• Private sector activities in terms of agricultural education have been affected. • Legal framework will be introduced to assist farmers to work with manufacturing consumers, who sell through website, wholesalers, exporters etc. in a transparent manner.
Is it enough for the State to win medals in Football and Athletics alone and why can't they do well in other sports?
Investigation by the Dawki PCP Police revealed that these three Nigerians had passports, but the visas were forged.
The situation in Manipur has been stable due to the fierce ethnic violence which has led to the loss of many lives, which has forced the ethnic groups from the state to flee to Shillong. this past month.
In Garo Hills, the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) has imposed a curfew demanding the release of 25 volunteers arrested while protesting for Garo Hills.
Non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPIs) can prevent infectious diseases.
Therefore, the KHADC should enact laws to protect the rights of the people in the Bri u Hynniewtrep and Hynniewskum.
On the other hand, the MPCC has expressed its concern over the budget introduced by the Prime Minister as this budget will not benefit the people of the state.
The growth of tourism activities in the region depends on pilgrimage-related tourism activities.
Such a scheme has been abolished in Australia, Britain, France and China because it has caused confusion in the search for information.
To all the residents of East Jaintia Hills District, we would like to take this opportunity to wish you a Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year to all the residents of East Jaintia Hills District. the Bri of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
Meanwhile, the VC, Bah RG Lyngdoh praised the youths who immediately rejected the 48 hour curfew of the HNLC to come and take part in this programme.
The firm stand of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem against the passage of the Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015 by the Government has now come to an end and it is clear that the State Government especially the 12 servants of the Prime Minister have not yet completed their legal matters.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 19: The MDC of Umsning Constituency, Kong Macdalyne S.Mawlong and EM of KHADC today in the presence of the residents of the village, opened the parking lot for the public. He is a resident of Sohlaitrim Village in Umsning Constituency.
Participants include Sunday Suting, Patricia Khongiong, Lovely Mary Nongrum, Enca Shadap, Damehi Khongiong, Ïohkmen Mukhim, Sapna Khongiong and Lenisha Khongiong.
Then there were the stone structures called the water tanks in which the rooms were used to hold and store the silver utensils made of knives, daggers, knives and sdie.
Nongpoh, March 25: Police of Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday evening arrested a drug trafficker from Meghalaya. Heroine worth T.45 lakh was seized in 8 soap boxes.
You can call the control room of the DC office or by submitting information on the cVIGIL app (which can be downloaded from the Play Store or Apple Store) and the relevant authorities will take the necessary action.
In Loom Jaintia, there is only one government college which is very old and overcrowded.
“I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight” Amen John 1:2
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umiam Circle, under the leadership of the Circle Leaders including the President and General Secretary together with the members, on Monday evening seized two vehicles of the Force. Traveller and Sumo, carrying about 25 foreigners who came from Assam with the intention of working at the Topcem Cement factory in Jaintia Hills and other parts of Shillong.
There were 75 climbers on Saturday, of whom 12 were missing and 49 were missing due to bad weather conditions. since that day.
Saudi Arabia is the country with the highest number of executions, where people are hanged and those convicted are beheaded and their bodies are thrown in public places.
He said that this notification will put at risk the area especially in Siejlieh village which used to monitor the factories in Mawiaban because they are afraid that the village authorities do not comply with the rules and regulations of the village. The state government should look after the factories in Mawiaban and if the village doesn't have the power to turn foreigners will come with their husbands and children and without labor license then the area will become a colony of other people. .
Nongstoin Block has allocated funds for the construction of a Community Hall, Repair of Toilets, several PMAY schemes and two MNREGS. & Environment, Sericulture & Weaving and others They have not done anything to this village.
Shillong, July 06: Police have arrested seven persons for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl at Marvelene Inn in Rlbong, owned by the son of an MLA. HDR Lyngdoh, Mawhati MLA Julius K Dorphang, who has fled to Guwahati, has not been arrested yet.
The reason for the collision was that the Jeep did not have a signal and the driver of the ambulance had difficulty stopping when he reached the Jeep.
Shillong: A group of taxi drivers including Smit Taxi Drivers Association, Nongmynsong Taxi Drivers Association, Mawlong Taxi Drivers Association and Rynjah Taxi Drivers Association under the umbrella of the All Meghalaya Commercial Vehicle Owners Association. They said they would stop the strike when the Cabinet approved the new fare.
At the same time, the General Secretary of the KSU-EJHDU, Samla Kwilnis Suchiang, said that the KSU-EJHDU has been working hard to protect the land. strongly support the government's plan to build a railway line through East Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the old map is based on documents and facts of those who fall under the Nonglang Hima, but what I wonder is how the land of the Hima was given to Assam and this is what Conrad should have done. He (Conrad) said that Dr Mukul has signed, do you see my signature in those writings? He knows and wants to fight with the Garo people and the people of Meghalaya. “If you don't know what you're doing, don't worry,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
Besides, the government has allowed them to take the DL.Ed and even the MTET examination despite their advancing age.
There will also be the awarding of individual prizes such as Man of the Match and Man of the Series.
For the Congress, 17 percent or 96 votes, for the BJP and NPP, 14 percent or 80 votes, for the NPP alone, 12 percent or 69 votes. The Congress and the NPP have only 6 percent or 32 votes, the PDF has 5 percent or 31 votes, the UDP has 4 percent or 21 votes and the BJP has 2 percent or 21 votes. 12 votes.
Even after the second half, both sides failed to score and extra time had to be extended.
“Of course, to be a leader as an MDC, there are many challenges to help the people, but as an MDc we have to create and find ways and means to help the people. “It's a good idea to have to pay for it,” said Bah Rangphlang Khongwet.
In a statement, Gavin M Mylliem, President of the party, said that the Central Election Committee (CEC) has held a meeting on the same day and has decided to release the first list of candidates. 8 candidates while the second list will be released soon along with the Election Manifesto.
The union strongly demands that the authorities in charge of these network towers should not leave them idle.
Speaking to media, the DGP said that out of the 25 persons, 12 persons have been arrested and taken for questioning for three days. .
Police from Jowai Police Station have taken the bodies to Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong for post mortem.
S.Suchen, said that “This syrnot of this foreigner has discouraged and deprived the youth of the state. Therefore, we strongly condemn this violation of the rights of the indigenous people.”“What surprises the union is how this u A foreigner has been able to study in our state and this is because he has been recognized as a resident of East Jaintia Hills District. We strongly condemn the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai for granting syrnot to this Dkhar Bihari and the father of this child. Sunil Kunwar, an employee of Dalmia Cement Company in Thangskai, is a student of Star Cement School and completed class 12 from Orissa. The President of KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, has expressed his regret over the allocation of doctoral scholarships to this foreign student. At the same time, he urged and warned all the Dorbar Shnongs in East Jaintia Hills District to be vigilant not to issue syrnot openly. foreigners who come to earn and steal the wealth of our state.
wai-ly-wai: the one who cannot speak the words of the paid collection.
Regarding the tourists, the village has not yet taken a decision on this issue, said a statement sent by Bah Aliewsen Ryngksai Rangbah Shnong Darrang together with the Executive Committee of the Village Authority.
The ceremony was attended by the Superior of Sr.
From another source, it was reported that the two brothers had left their house in the afternoon to go khwai doh, in the wah village near the road, but in the incident the brother had fallen. At that time, the brother tried to help but he drowned. The reason why they couldn't get out was because she had a hand holding in the pond.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA, said that since he took over as the leader of the area, he has tried to inform the government and monitor the water supply scheme in Nongpoh. , as many of the villages are facing a serious problem of water shortage because the existing Nongpoh Combine Water Supply Scheme can no longer supply water to the villages of Nongpoh area because there is only one Treatment Plant in Iewmawlong. , but it is a great pleasure that through this new scheme, drinking water will be provided to all the households of 20 villages in the Nongpoh area.
Then the thought came to me, that if there was a struggle at that time, I would have won.
I have long expressed my feeling that it would be better for us to preserve here in our area, as a bright, clean, beautiful country, as mentioned and praised even by the people are not outside spirit.
We often see that, when you are in the ruling party, you turn a blind eye to injustice and corruption.
However, in the 2018 election, although he did not contest himself, when he heard in the resolution that Bah Mawsor had been defeated, his soul was very sick.
He said that up to Rs 7060 crore has been allocated from the budget for 100 cities in the country.
He said he became angry after many Ukrainians in the area did not listen to his call and urge to return to Ukraine to fight. to Russia.
On the removal of the Rangbah Kur, only the Dorbar Kur can remove him.
Umrangso is located near the border of Assam and Meghalaya and is also an area where illegal coal mining is going on in the vicinity of the power plant.
After two and a half hours of being kept inside the house, these five elders were released, and immediately, the crowd, who was very angry, shouted. Three of them, on their own road and for a short time, were killed completely, while two others, it is not known, in what form they escaped.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi, on Tuesday, expressed its deep sorrow over the negligence of the contractor of the PMGSY road from Patharkhmah to Warmawsaw.
After discovering this lack of documents, the union has deported these foreigners with the understanding that they should not enter the area without proper documents.
“The people of Songsak should ask Dr Mukul Sangma, if he wins from both the constituencies, which constituency he will contest,” said the NPP leader. Dr Mukul Sangma will be elected from all four constituencies.
Later, when the Government of India announced that the CAB will not apply to the ILP and 6th Schedule states, the same Governor still said that this is absurd.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 23 : Ri Bhoi United FC beat NACO Imphal FC 2-1 in the fourth pre quarter final of the Invitation Knockout Football Tournament. The 2022-23 tournament will be held at the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club.
Justice Banerjee expressed his deep concern over the incidents of rape of children, especially by their own relatives, and urged the participants to unite against such cases. misconduct, that includes in relation to the increasing number of drug users.
I sat down with them in our farm and we ate together from the same plate.
The Governor remembered the great figures including Swami Vivekananda as well as the freedom fighter and founder of India.
Therefore, the RTI which is a means of seeking information about one's rights, the police also understand that Ma Madonbai Rymbai has misused the money of the public and have registered a case. The people should not misunderstand that this misappropriation of the people's money by the CEM of JHADC is just an allegation.
Tura District Cricket Association 2023 U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 beat Shillong District Cricket Association 2023 by nine runs in the first innings on the first day of the final. Ri-Fear.
In conclusion, I would like to thank God for sending this great man and missionary from across the sea from Wales to come here to burn the PREW of LIGHT in us as the Khasi Jaintia people and in our Bri Hynniewtrep.
It is to be recalled that this is the fourth edition of this competition.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Hynniewtrep Women's Wing (HANM) has strongly opposed the order issued by the government through the Labor Department to send all shops to register.
He said that these birds have started coming since April and they have come in 5-6 groups of 5-6 groups and each group has tens of thousands of them.
He said that the deterioration of the road has caused problems to the taxi drivers, because besides having to provide their vehicle license plates and pay the tax on the road, but When the road is bad, like taxi drivers, we are very sad.
These five projects will create about 6,360 jobs.
Shillong: Ka Ampareen Lyngdoh (Congress) today brought a bitor of water to the State Legislative Assembly to show the quality of water supplied by the PHE department. people's houses.
It was a shock and they had to explain that they could not be allowed to rot in the hills rather than being brought to Shillong to rot here until they died.
Shillong: Twenty-three new cases of corona virus have been confirmed in the state as of 10 am today.
“I am surprised how private individuals install such equipment in their vehicles and what is more surprising is, where do they get such equipment because there is nothing to sell in the market?”, said the source. from the police department.
It is helpful to know that on the 7th of June, 2014, a Khasi newspaper, published unfounded news with the intention of defaming the Holy Father, Pope Francis, The head of the Catholic Church in the world.
He said that at present, he sells only 4-5 kilos of meat per day.
The narrowness of the area and the location of shops in the square have made it difficult for the fire truck to evacuate as it takes time for people to evacuate.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Meghalaya government has declared that the Building Act issued by the KHADC is illegal because it does not comply with the rules.
We must demand and not violate our rights to adequate salaries, adequate health and health care, education for our children and housing.
They are not the 'soldiers of the country' as they are not the 'Khlur ka country'
From the bodies of these 10 persons, the union seized drugs packed in small jugs along with drug injection needles and the union burnt the drugs.
“This EC will be strict against foreigners who come to do business without proper documents and do not respect the Council to apply for licences,” he said. .
The flag raising ceremony was attended by Finely L Pariat General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in the presence of Gordon S Langstieh. Bobby L Nongbet District Sports Officer, Nongpoh District Sports Officer RB Shadap President RBDSA and others.
They bring honor to the home and the future generation will be even greater socially and in the presence of the Creator.
He said that the teachers of Secondary School Barato (RMSA) have expressed their shortage of teachers and they are facing difficulties in distributing education to the children.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided not to demand the resignation of James K Sangma as the Minister of State for Power.
Therefore, he urged others to come forward and do something about such tragic incidents in the society by stopping comments only on social media and shops.
Deuteronomy 28:54–57.
The three policemen have been remanded in police custody for five days for further investigation.
The new cases include 2 cases from EJH: 2, EKH: 91, RBD: 6, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 2, WGH: 1, WJH: 19 and WKH:
“At such times, when a person comes abroad, it is the duty to investigate and quarantine him for 14 days and after 14 days if there is no illness or his test is negative, the release him," said the king.
Savio Medeira coached the national team in 2011-12 and has been awarded the AFC Pro license.
Jamshedpur players for the Durand Cup are Mohit Singh Dhami, Ayush Jena, Luckystar Lawai, Raj Boro, Johnson Mathews, Pallujam Rohan Singh, Sairem Sital Singh, Rosangzuala, Zonunpuia, Kishan Sardar and Meraimayum. Raju, Moirangthem Marjit Singh, Phijam Vikas Singh, Sekh Sahil, Armash Ansari, Ashley Koli,  Amzard Khan, Mohammad Sanan K, Asem Maingou Singh, Bhaskar Chhetri, Chawngthu Lalriathpuia, Ningthoujam Mahesh Singh, Laishram, Sonkar Bivanam Tsehor Meetei , Saint Marndi and Alvies Bastin.
It is this that has destroyed this nation.
They were arrested and charged under the NDPS Act.
“The people of Tura and the state itself have decided to defeat the NPP in the upcoming elections,” he said.
Therefore, it is necessary to know and obey the Word of God because it is the law of God alone, or in the country, for the whole nation, so that the country will not be destroyed.
On behalf of the 6 Shnongs, Bah Womsar Talang, President of the Association and Rangbah Shnong of Borsora, explained to the DC that in the past, his family members supported the Association. However, it is sad to say that the river is no longer suitable for drinking and fish and the number of fish has decreased since the arrival of the cement factories in the Narpuh area.
The march started from the school grounds and passed through CHC Mawkyrwat, entered Mawkyrwat market and returned to the school.
xxv.
This area is still covered with forests.
Shillong: Meghalaya Police FT has scored 10 points against Assam Riffle in the opening ceremony of the BN Mullick All India Police Football Meet , after a 2-2 draw on Monday at Barackpore Stadium, Kolkata.
Looking at the presence of roads, it is a pride for the village because apart from the last number, they are the property of Bah Edwinson Bareh Ex-MLA. Do you have to eat pum pum along the way?.
He also admitted that he had returned T.14 lakh from the MLA scheme because the schemes allocated for implementation had problems later and could not be implemented. .
The Russian Defense Ministry said it had launched air strikes against Ukrainian military bases this morning.
From the 19th Jaiaw Constituency, out of the three candidates who have applied for ticket, the party has decided to nominate Bah Thomas Passah who is also the Vice President of the party and also the President of the State Youth Wing. long and Kyrtong.
The report also said that the two used to be good friends.
In order to register shops, the officers of the Food Safety Office and the Food and Civil Supplies Department shall inspect all the shops.
Besides, this mission will also help to protect the environment.
She said that the Food Safety Inspectors have been directed to find out how many days it takes to import fish from other states into Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is also the President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Monday announced MDC Saphai Habahun Dkhar as the NPP MLA candidate for the 2023 elections.
The development of travel opportunities with Bangladesh will further strengthen relations between the two countries.
Compared to last year, there has been a slight improvement when it comes to the electrical system.
As the elections are approaching, there has been concern regarding the presence of these incidents, and requested the authorities to issue orders to provide security measures for the voters. and also to the candidates, to ensure that there will be peace in all aspects especially on the day of polling.
Shillong: The sudden death of UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has caused a stir in the party. head to the party.
After examining and completing the post-mortem of the deceased, it was found that the cause of death of all the deceased who were buried in the area, was due to the cause of starvation and the Their bodies have no strength left until they fall down and die.
“The Sixth Scheduled recognizes the appointment of Chiefs and Rangbah Shnongs in the Khasi system,” said Bah Lanong, adding that the Sixth Schedule has given the power to judge to the district council.
U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that as it is in the area, the trade in heritage has been invaded by foreigners, so it is necessary to strengthen the trade in heritage among the Khasi, because The KHADC has been able to suspend the issuance of Trading License to foreigners under the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District Act. (Trading by Non-Tribals) Regulating Act, 1954.
He said that the residents of Karbi and Khanduli have a barrier to entry and exit between them and this can be lifted as it used to be in the past.
She said that the ban on trucks during the night curfew should also ensure that there is no disruption to the traffic and also to prevent accidents.
He said the Minister of Taxation should clarify on the Meghalaya Value Added Tax, which has been increased from 22% to 31% on petrol and from 13% to 22% on diesel. The Minister of Transport should clarify the tax collected from vehicles.
Nikhil Shylla scored the goals for Lion in the 2nd minute and Bankerlang Shylla in the 58th minute.
“This is a target and not a challenge because there are places where the income is higher and they can produce more than the target price,” said the Synroplang leaders. Synroplang has first conducted a survey and inspected the areas to know the income and production per day.
Babu Chosterfield Khongwir, one of the famous singers of Khasi Hills and a teacher at NEHU, said that according to his research, many of the traditional songs or sounds that are performed in the villages, and in different parts of the Khasi Hills they died because the people did not want to follow.
Participants in the Education Fair will have the opportunity to meet directly with the leaders of these institutions and education departments so that they can better understand the programs they offer.
The father saw the son while he was cutting the lyntang lyngkhot to make a plate.
Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Greater Nongkhnum Circle, today met with the Sub Divisional Engineer of the department in Nongstoiñ, to request him not to send the project. tower.
Vijaykumar Gavit, Minister of State for Tribal Welfare, Maharashtra, has a suggestion to improve the eyesight and that is to eat too much fish. Aishwarya Rai's story.
Himanta B Sarma is also the convener of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA), a coalition of political parties in the North East, led by the BJP. We must not forget that the aim and objective of NEDA is only to prevent the INC or the Congress from forming a government in any of these North Eastern states.
He also expressed his desire to cooperate with the schools and colleges in the district to provide assistance to the youth who wish to become IAS and so on.
The GTCC meeting will send the reports to the Organizing Committee for review and approval in due course.
“When we asked whether they will withdraw the notification, the VC replied that they will not because many of the colleges have proceeded to implement new courses under the NEP and till now no principal has They have informed that they cannot implement the new course degree,” said Bah Rani.
The suspension from the party is only because some of the party leaders have misunderstood the work of the party, but as the party leader, he will take responsibility for the work and will be ready to accept it. The decision of the Disciplinary Committee, he added.
Ri Bhoi District is one of the districts in the state which has been hit second by the COVID-19 pandemic, after East Khasi Hills. District.
“In the past, most of the patients were from the rural areas who came for treatment but now that the hospital has become more adequate, many of them come from the urban areas.
This OM states that it was created with the intention of benefiting only the Garo people to calculate the share of jobs in the past years, without looking into the provisions of Clause 2 of the Reservation Policy. The Roster System which can exclude job seekers from the Hynniewtrep (Khasi and Jaintia) according to the State Reservation Policy.
In the 35+ Men's Doubles, Peterson Lamare and Damehi Kyndiah defeated Rimilan Passah and Dauru Laloo 14-21, 21-15, 21-1
The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, seeks to allow Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan to work in the country. who were in India before 31st November 2014, to become full Indian citizens.
In his speech, he said that this aquaculture mission is necessary to open up opportunities for fish farmers to sell their fish.
She said that she wants to strengthen the voice of women so that the society can flourish and grow together with the youth who have no guide to go.
US President Joe Biden says Putin is well prepared to invade Ukraine with the goal of capturing Kyiv.
Shortly after, the scene of the incident was investigated and police have registered a criminal case under Shillong Sadar PS Case No. 100(03)2021 U/S 324/326/341/34 IPC. Phershanroy Marthong (one of the victims) died at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Mawdiangdiang on 28/03/2021 and Section 302 IPC has been registered against him.
If this new prediction is true, the MDA-II Government will be the same as the MUA I & II Government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma in 2011- 2013 and 2013-2018.
He also expressed the four top issues that he brings to the people to elect him as their leader, namely education, health, employment and peace and all Like Bah Ransom, Bah Kharkrang did not want to criticize the working methods of former North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Those of Bah HHynniewta, E. Bareh, SD Nichols Roy, BB Lyngdoh and HS Lyngdoh have not complained that besides winning the MLA election on APHLC tickets, they have also won the MLA election. MDC election on APHLC ticket.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, has appointed two religious leaders as members of the the Sports Department of the State Government and these are Fr Anthony Kharkongor, Delegate for Youth Ministry of India-Shillong Province and Director of the High School “St.Anthony”; bad U Fr Michael Makri, Director of the Don Bosco Youth Center and of the Don Bosco Media Network.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that a decision has been taken not to allow the slaughter, sale or consumption of meat. pigs in some areas to be placed in containment zones due to the death of pigs, due to African Swine Fever.
“The other projects should be completed by July 2024 and right now we are trying our best to do this.
Father Hilarius Lamare Parish Priest of Jowai Parish, said that the preparations for the Eucharistic Procession have gone smoothly with the Tridum prayers. /12/2022) to prepare for the smooth running of this Eucharistic Procession.
“We have been able to reach this milestone because of the early detection of patients in the villages and the prompt treatment and the distribution of musari to the affected areas,” said the doctors. by National Vector Borne Disease Program-Malaria by State.
According to the orders of the Supreme Court of India and the rules made by the Election Commission of India (ECI), political parties must submit a report on their expenditure to the Chief Electoral Officer of the state. within 75 days of the end of the election or 90 days of the end of the Lok Sabha election.
The resolution was passed at the one-day Dorbar Lyiur of the JHADC held on Tuesday.
Pyniaid said the new EC has decided to strengthen the Enforcement Department of the Trade Department.
Other proposals to amend the AD Rules include the proposal that the Governor should appoint a Protem Chairman to clarify the newly elected members of the KHADC. The Deputy Commissioner or District Council Judge shall be appointed by the Governor.
Shillong, July 28: On the occasion of the 17th death anniversary of Prof.GG Swell on the 25th of this month at his village in Laitkynsew, speakers recalled the works of They recalled that this great thinker had made a great contribution to this country, they recalled his difficult journey and another surprising thing they reminded was that besides his Prof.GG Swell is a great intellectual and besides having a good education, he also has a strong physical strength which makes him the first indigenous person in India to receive a Black Belt. you're a Karate fighter.
In another development, it was reported that the Congress party is also in the process of removing Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem from the post of CEM. The UDP is ready to support the UDP only to remove Bah Pynshngaiñ, the person it has suspended. The Congress has an alliance with the UDP. The NCP and the Congress and NCP now have seven members.
Besides, 1.40 lakh tyngka has been distributed to 4 youth groups under the YESS scheme and this scheme is to assist the youth in the development of sports.
“All this, in our opinion, comes from these youths, is about the MUA II government of Mukul Sangma's failure to implement the Inner Line Permit, the law to protect the The Hynniewtrep people are protected from the robbers, the authorities and the foreigners,” said the statement.
The workers in these places say that they earn up to 4000 to 5000 rupees a month.
In this regard, AMPSTA has extended the deadline until the second month of November
“On this day, a lot of plastic was collected by tourists and she said that a decision should be taken to make Krangsuri a plastic free place,” said Sohtun.
Speaking on the soskular signed by the government, JACBOM Chairman Erwin Sutnga said that the Supreme Court of India will be the judge and only the Supreme Court should take the decision. judgment.
The Legislative Assembly has its own position because it is elected by the people to express their concerns about the rule of law and other issues in the implementation of the laws. cannon.
She said that the purpose of this Creche is to help those women who have children who earn their living by working and there are also some government employees who send abroad and take care of their children. Their children in this Creche.
“We are still allowing small vehicles to pass through the bridge but what we don't allow is heavy vehicles and heavy commercial vehicles to pass through the bypass road. said Prestone Tynsong.
Laghu Udyog Bharti (LUB) President Rupesh Katiyar said more than 10,000 companies have been affected by the increase in electricity bills in Jamshedpur, Adityapur and Dhalbhumgarh. laid off about 30,000 people in these cities.
The HYC leader said that the party will oppose the railway line to Meghalaya.
In this way, besides the boys dropping out of school, the girls also had to leave the country; we are losing the great thinkers of the Jaitbynriew.
There was also a landslide on the road in Rilbong area and a large tree in the middle of the road at Rhino Point.
Therefore, the KSU hopes that the Manipur government will bring peace and stability to the Khasi in the state.
As part of meeting the requirements for orphanage education, special education systems needed to be provided.
And when there is love, people can fight against any situation, any frightening situation and overcome everything easily.
Police said the operation will continue.
“I don't mean only boys or girls,” said Banrilang's mother.
Five Coke Factories have received No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the JHADC to mine coal in Jaintia Hills.
The MHRC has written to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya Government to send an inquiry through the Commissioner of Division and send a report on its findings to the commission along with the decisions taken by the state government. you take on this work.
A person who voted incorrectly, lost his own shympriah kti, because he went to cast his vote in the shape of a lotus, instead of voting in the shape of a hati.
The FKJGP 12 Village Nongjngi Unit has distributed food items to 36 persons with disabilities from children to the elderly at Thadmukoi Nongjngi.
On seeing the BSF troops, the two drivers fled to take advantage of the darkness of the night but the troops arrested them.
“The KJCLF calls upon and encourages the citizens to exercise their right to vote on polling day with a clear and good vote.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, while talking to media on the incident on Ichamati, said, “I think in the past months there has been a big incident. , but now on this issue there is no more controversy and the comment is only from some groups from outside the state and groups from within the state and we will resolve all this”.
Whether it's 6 or 8 watts.
Rivanfield Shylla, resident of Tpep-Pale, Jowai has passed away on 17/08/2
For the winners of various categories, cash prizes will be awarded.
The District Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Dr D.Shylla, said that the fair was held for the benefit of the people where they can get free medicines. The fair also informed the public about various schemes and assistance programs, so he urged the public to that they should not come to take part in such fairs.
On the other hand, the President of the Seng Samla, Samla Pynbianglang Kshiar said that the festival will be held at Holy Cross School Mawkynrew and the aim of the festival is to promote Sohplang which is also a traditional food. of the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Chuba Ao, in-charge of the BJP in Meghalaya, has admitted that two MLAs of the party have agreed to resign to support the party. In a statement, Shullai said, “I support the statement of the General Secretary of South Shillong, Bipen Pradhan that the decision to withdraw from the coalition government has been taken. This will affect the party and at this time it will cause misunderstanding in many churches and it will also affect if we have to synrop together again in 2023”.
The competition will end on the 2nd of November at the same venue.
“We need to get an answer on how to resolve the issue between Meghalaya and Assam.
“However, unfortunately, there are still many teachers who have not received their original marksheets and certificates from NIOS. , and Regional Centre, Guwahati for their problems with the results released by the NIOS as there are many anomalies in the results as follows,” said the President of the Meghalaya Schools Welfare Development Association. HM Marbaniang.
He said that if the farms have wells nearby, the farmers have to pump water, but in those farms which are far away, the water has to be left alone. When the sun is too hot, the leaves seem to be dying and for that reason, during the flowering season, the seeds fall off.
In response to the suffering of Jesus, the youth together with the Parish have done a different way to show the signs of the journey in which the youth have taken part. which they did exactly as they did when Jesus was suffering.
During the meeting, they discussed the stability in Meghalaya and the situation in the North East.
There is also the Niti Ayog formerly known as the Planning Commission to share the development of the states.
Since Saturday, when they were given the opportunity to earn money in the city, which has been 4 days, there has been no more trouble and they have been able to earn peacefully, like other taxi drivers. .
“The National People's Party (NPP) is now ready to return to power and lead a new coalition government to rule the state.
He said that the term of office of the Sordar is five years, but now he issues the certificate for only 10 years and it is not known what is behind it.
According to a statement, the arrested suspect committed the crime along with three friends and under his leadership, another suspect was arrested. contribute to this work.
“We are sorry that Dr. Mukul Sangma has been criticized from time to time, but it is his 12 disciples who have been confirmed who have been confirmed until today and he has done whatever he wants,” he said. “Dr Mukul Sangma has not been able to verify his Schedule Tribe or Schedule Caste, now he is introducing laws to kill the people. or do we see, or are we blind? “His visit to the Dorbar is to explain the problems faced by the people and not to introduce himself for the future,” said the KHNAM leader.
Furthermore, it was informed that the beneficiaries under PM-KISAN can verify that they have received the KCC by visiting the banks (branches) with the certificates to do the necessary.
Looking at the above issue, we see that the drug seizure in Meghalaya and perhaps in other states of India is just a secret game between the arrester and the arrested. in foreign languages ​​the game "hide and seek"
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, Bah Ioanis Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Golf Link who is also the President of Hawkers Market.
"Shanbor said, 'It's too late,' said Bah Let. "Dih seh dih, we're just finished.
“We will make strict rules not to affect tourism.
The Asha was shot dead by a family in Nongjrong village and according to the leaders of the party, the reason why the Asha was shot was because she had raised awareness among the people in Nongjrong village. regarding the rules and regulations laid down by the Government to avoid the spread of Covid-19 on the day of the funeral of a resident who died due to Covid-1 19.
It may be recalled that the Congress in Ri-Lum Jaintia has won a majority of 14 MDCs with the participation of MDCs who have contested as independent candidates.
He said that if information is received that they are not working without permission from the relevant authorities, the Government will punish them according to the Nagaland Government Servant Conduct Rules of 1968 and the Nagaland Services. Appeal) Rules, of
“The Central Government in 2014 has suspended the distribution of sugar through the Food Corporation of India, but has allowed the State Governments to buy from the market and the Central Government will pay only T. “It will be done by the state government,” said the NPP spokesperson while explaining to the public about the corruption in the price of sugar.
At the same time, he urged the people to buy the products of the farmers because we have a big role to play in helping the farmers to produce more. we cannot live because it is the farmer who provides us with food and drink.
The General Meeting of the Union of Myanmar will be held on the 6th November 2015 at 11 am at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar.
"While the resources are critical for better research outcomes and career development, it will increase the workforce at NEIAH, strengthening the revival of traditional health care. under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
When asked whether they have lodged a complaint against such incidents, he said that they have lodged a complaint because even after lodging a complaint, the BSF does not do anything.
Lah Lamin said that because we don't hold this shad for a long time; Therefore, we have to teach our youth to learn the pastieh dance and even the tied ksing, tied nakra or the put tangburi dance as well.
“The Prime Minister will soon convene a meeting of the MDA and he has just returned from Garo Hills to discuss this issue so that we can decide together whom to support in this election,” said one of the officials. A leader who does not want to be named.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Kurbah said that today she has met with the two associations and explained to them that after the order is issued, she cannot repeal the order. .
The opening ceremony was attended by the village leaders of Maw u Sam, school authorities, teachers, students and elders of Mawkynrew.
On the other hand, u Ken Syiem, expressed his deep sorrow over the remarks made by these MDCs, because they have been talking nonsense without knowing the facts, but in fact these MDCs should have done it. before the investigation, because to make allegations without facts is very harmful to the person in question and especially that I have that spirit of protecting the Border.
It is to be recalled that this family has suffered a great loss after this house caught fire at around 12 pm on the 23rd of June
With respect to the media, a single word of irresponsible rumors is enough to keep them and their families awake for days and months.
He said that the Police have given years of their lives away from their families in the border areas of the country and protect the country through selflessness and courage.
Barcelona beat Inter Milan 2-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday night, with Rafina scoring in the 32nd minute and Alba in the second. 82nd minute.
We will not be dressed in the whims of the Government.
Therefore I apologize to the people for this.
Shillong, July 24: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the North East is facing difficulties in developing rapidly without cooperation with Bangladesh.
According to a video posted on social media, two police officers were seen trying to stop the vehicle, when another policeman pointed a gun at the driver. you are locked.
In addition, the ULFA has also agreed to withdraw all the camps where its members are staying, to participate in democracy based on the rule of law and to protect the unity of the country.
Harmanpreet Kaur has also become the first cricketer to be named one of the four cricketers of the year in the Wisden Cricketers' Almanack. 2023.
Both teams received two yellow cards.
“The women who had gathered at the temple who had gone to pray came forward to complain that the soldier of the BJP MP had entered the temple with juti, to raise his hands. women, snatching their jewelery and using vulgar language in which he committed acts disrespectful to the sanctuary and disrespectful to the Matua community," said TMC spokesperson Kunal Ghosh.
He said that he will talk to the CEM on this issue to find ways and means how to get the schemes from the central government. and Article 275.
According to information received by this reporter, this morning there was a heavy traffic jam on this road, where the traffic jam started from 6 pm to 11 pm. In the morning, this traffic jam has caused a lot of trouble to the pedestrians and some school children who have been late for school just because of this traffic jam.
Shillong: The maximum temperature in Shillong today was 13.1 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 2.4 degrees Celsius.
By Ma Nangai SutngaThe rapid spread of a video through social media like WhatApp and Facebook in which a Heprit with visual impairments is shown sitting on a chair and singing a song , has touched the soul of Many people have watched and seen this video.
The jer ka thoh is the custom of putting the name according to the suit and shor through the prayer.
Jowai, Lber 29: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, BD Marak, (MPS) on Tuesday, 26th October, 2022 at 6 pm, has recovered a body. of an unidentified person lying lyntar near the NH-6 near Ialong village and it is highly suspected that the person may have been hit by a vehicle.
In a letter of complaint lodged with the Pillangkata Police Station, Lascretice Lyngdoh alleged that the incident happened on the 16th of this month. at 11 o'clock in the morning, at a place near the gate of the Forest Department.
At least 45 people were killed and 45 injured in the incident.
They urged the police to stop the arrest so that it will not affect the peace and order.
Shillong: The Chairman of the State Planning Board, Bah Lambor Malngiang, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will return to Delhi after Christmas to monitor the pressure on the Central Government to appoint the President of the country. The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 or the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya has been approved by the House today.
The residents of Mookyrdup were also urged to inform the village authorities and the health authorities if there are any foreigners.
From Wah Tham, the road starts to climb the hillside in a zigzag manner and at an angle of 32 degrees until it reaches the top of the hill.
A source from the Tympang Dorbar Shnong said that this decision was taken after careful consideration so that it would not affect too much the time of the residents especially those who live in this area. In the middle of Jowai, we want to celebrate the Democracy by getting information from the speeches of the candidates/parties from the same platform.
He submitted his VISA application on Tuesday, July 29, 2018 but was informed this evening that it has been rejected.
These examinations will be conducted online and offline mode.
Another objective is to curb the influx of foreigners which affects the livelihood of the locals and to prevent the infiltration of foreigners.
It is something that is hopeless because our leaders have been lying about the truth without counting the blood of the people just for their own gain.
We have lost our sleep and our food and drink especially during these restrictions.
Shillong: The Mukhaialong Village Council has banned foreigners from entering the village without permission from the village authorities.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council was established in
“It is not necessary to have many years to work but what matters is what kind of work or how we have been able to do work for the benefit of the people,” he said.
We have also seen the speech of one of the leaders of the community, Bah Ardent Basaïamoit, who is ready to stand up against the CAA, and we hope that it will be implemented as soon as possible. you por can dier noh.
Hazare said the two-day public meeting will be followed by a tour across the country to raise awareness among the people about the government's anti-farmer attitude by forcibly implementing the law. Ordinance.
In the Meghalaya State League (MSL), Mawlai, Shillong Premier League champions (SPL) and Lajong, MSL champions, were the teams that won the title. There were hopes of reaching the final of the tournament, but the expectations turned upside down as they lost in the semi final.
The RBYF leaders said that they cannot just look with their eyes, when they see that the people are suffering from the lack of roads and it is on that basis that the RBYF has decided to help, although it is only a small help in the village.
She won the bronze medal and became the first from our state to qualify for the World Combat Games to be held in Riyadh.
Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Bah BV Rymmai said that what he has already written in a book entitled “U Khun Hynniewtrep Bad Ki Khun ki 3, 4, and 9 sections.
They were identified as Pewrson Marak from Lalmati and Bipul Marak from Umdem from Killing area. Police are conducting further investigation into the incident. others involved in the case.
The State Manager of MHIS, Bah Larry Rymbai, said that many of them have received assistance from various government hospitals in the state.
Avoid Clean Foods :- It is good to avoid any foods that are high in cleanliness as they can cause inflammation.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said the war would not produce any results.
As a sign of encouragement to the participants, the PHE department has also prepared prizes to be distributed tomorrow 22nd October during the celebration of World Water Day in Nongpoh.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) on Friday reminded the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem of the demand for the removal of Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdohship Hi in Sohiong.
Know that no one except you can know where you cast your vote.
The incident happened this morning in Guwahati.
No one was injured in the incident.
How do you plant a Dkhar tree and grow a Khasi tree? These “Khasaitpohji” married to Dkhars and mynder-ri, will fight against the KHADC. That means the Khasi-II will fight against the Khasi-I, but the Khasi-II will never win because they have no foundation.
The BCCI's Vinoo Mankad Trophy will start in the coming days of this month.
“Until the arrival of Bah Teiborlang Pathaw who has sought ways and means with hard work and knowledge, he has not been able to bring forward a scheme from the District Council worth up to 10 crore tyngka to improve this place,” he said. “This is the biggest scheme that our village has received so far.
Acts 2:36-3
He also alleged that the NPP, which is the party in Meghalaya, is working with Team B of the BJP. “Brothers and sisters, don't be dressed in the NPP. They have not respected the people of Meghalaya,” he said.
Those benefits are as follows:1.
"As you have accelerated the due date of payment of bills in your office, so accelerate the introduction of electricity in our village," said KSU President Chennai: Shashi Tharoor, MP of the Congress party, said He said that the government of Narendra Modi has deposited all the revenue from petrol and diesel into the budget of the Government of India. goods, which are essential to the needs of the people of the country.
Meanwhile, the Superintendent of Shillong Civil Hospital said that the government is ready to prevent the spread of the disease and medicines are available to prevent the spread of the disease.
Nongpoh, March 30 : Hundreds of supporters and leaders of the UDP and Congress parties in Umroi Constituency on Saturday left their parties to join the NPP. The NPP candidate, Bah Damanbait Lamare, son of former Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar, has been urged to win the upcoming elections.
It is learned that yesterday, after the robbers, threw a petrol bomb, they went down to the inside of the MPSC office and after that, they fled the MPSC office. They also seized the documents and the CPU in the office and other documents in the office.
Earlier, raising a question, Dr Donkupar Roy said the government should make arrangements to bury those people who have been ill during the months since the suspension of the scheme. It has been since April until now which has affected the patients especially the poor.
Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Father Hilarius Lamare Parish Priest of Jowai Diocese, Vicar General of Jowai Diocese and others. CMC of Jowai.
The meeting today was to discuss with the traders who buy agricultural products for export and one decision was taken to request the state government to allow the opening of the market. sold in the market.
The program was enriched by traditional dances by the youth of the area.
He also spoke about the skills that children of the 21st century should have such as the skills to think critically and find ways to solve the problems they face, the skills to participate or share with others, teamwork skills and skills to innovate or innovate in whatever tasks they have to do.
Those who wish to participate are kindly requested to submit their names before 6th July 2013 to the office bearers of the party, said a statement from the general secretary of the party Samla Roy Kupar Synrem.
According to sources, up to T.1.30 crore collected through professional tax by the KHADC in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District has been deposited in the bank accounts of seven individuals and the branch office of The Council in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills has transferred T.50 lakh to the bank account of a private individual.
At the same time, they have immediately demanded the suspects and if the law enforcement agencies do not take action to arrest them, they have decided to continue their demand even if it is to go to Delhi to demand.
Meghalaya's players are Brolington Warlarpih (C), Kenstar Kharshong (VC), Frolicson Dkhar, Siwel Rymbai, Kynsaibor Lhuid, Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi, Atlanson Kharmaw, Aenam Jyrwa, Shano Tariang, Batifar Swer, Raikutshisha Buam, Melvin Bina. Warjri, Dawanchwa Challam, Stephanson Pale, Justly Sungoh, Batskhem Tariang, Belton Lartang, Denelson Pyngrope, Kitboklang Pale.
Meanwhile, the price of crude oil in the world determines the price of petrol and diesel in India.
He said that it is only through hard work that will help them when they go to lead the state, and perhaps the time will come when they will have the opportunity to lead India.
The residents of Mowkaiaw Constituency especially the villages which have to pass through the road from Lad Mooshrot to Laskein have expressed their happiness that they have now improved their traffic after the completion of the public maintenance of the road which the PWD has left without. repair.
The union informs that any farmers who wish to sell jhur or traders who wish to buy jhur should call the union leaders 8974071503,
Besides, when the police questioned him, he told the police that he might be hiding inside the bedroom.
This has caused the ethnic groups to run further behind and while they are running behind, the police have turned around without them and the non-native ethnic groups have turned behind the police with stones throwing stones at the ethnic groups. .
They also said that the department has postponed the opening of quotations to the 30th of this month, but the surprising thing is that when we came here at the office to know which suppliers have been able to supply. Phewse when we arrived here they said that they will let us know later who has received or not.
To prevent the spread of Corona virus, the Seinraij Tuber has decided to hold the rituals in their own homes and the rituals were performed only by the Rangbah niam including the Lyngdoh, Sangot, Maji and Wasan with the President of Seinrai Tuber.
Regarding her victory, Dukini, has answered the questions, asked by U Rupang, by email and the questions and answers are as follows –RP: Congratulations Dukini, for your victory, in the examination. IAS, which was recently announced in the past few days.
Likewise, they are like those who build houses in the middle of the night because they cannot accept the fact that it will take time for them to be accepted by the people of Meghalaya and the region as a whole.
The ceremony began with a meeting of the Waheh Sankur together with the children of Seiñraij Mukhla which was conducted by the Langdoh Niam of Raij Mukhla with the advice of the Waheh Sankur.
He also called upon those youths who have not reached the front but who have tried not to lose heart but to continue in other fields of study.
The final match was played between Ialong Khliehshnong and Chyrmang Wah.
However, it has now introduced another Super Mega Event with a capacity of not less than 5,000 people and for this, the government will charge T.1 lakh per day.
According to the legend, Kiang was the one who carried the khia from the house to the house; The work of the house is to rep-i riang and chare masi.
On the same day, two footpaths were inaugurated to climb Symper Hill and to Symper Crematorium which was implemented by the MCLLMP project. Bank has congratulated the 15 villages for joining their team to implement these projects which has been successful in these schemes which have been divided into two parts for the tourism area. and for the information center.
If Conrad's name is approved, he will be appointed CEM in place of Denang T Sangma.
In the opinion of the director, the construction of the monument doesn't make sense if you don't remember him but the most important thing is to build a monument with books, films and other works.
He was killed for his involvement with the gang, Boxer confirmed on Facebook.
Through this reduction in MCLR, the housing loan amount has dropped by 15 bps from 10th June 2019, said SBI. exceeding T.1 lakh and that is, the interest rate will be 3.5 percent, from 3.5 percent earlier.
It is worth mentioning that during the tenure of Bah Ardent as CEM, the market residents of Iewduh were eager to support him for his initiative to improve and clean the market but this was only a one day festival. I went away as soon as I fell on Bah Ardent's chair.
Shillong, June 15: The Christian Church around the world today celebrated Good Friday through various services.
The union demands that the state government should immediately dismiss the Director and announce the full appointment of these 30 posts. and shall immediately and immediately dismiss the person who has been appointed as an Assistant to Hindi Translator without any reason.
After qualifying for the next round, Tsitsipas could face Chilean Nicolas Jarry or Australian Alexei Popyrin in the top flight. in the field.
The competition was organized by the MACS at the Laban Sports and Cultural Club on Saturday.
“The HSPDP party is only a candidate for the election of Maieid but his soul does not turn away from anyone but as a public servant he is kind to everyone, and although he loves Hoping he is no longer in the party. Hoping the HSPDP party will grow and even lead the government in 2018,” said Bah Pangniang at a meeting held by the HSPDP party. Lyngdoh Nonglait Area Unit HSPDP. He said that Maieit Hoping is a prophet of what will happen for the Khasi Pnar people and this shows clearly what he said in the past 50 years. but now they have come to fruition for the country and the nation.
Earlier, KSU leaders and members had gathered outside the Sadar police station under police surveillance.
“The improvement is that we will build clean roads with tiles, improve the streets, and the vendors will be placed in other places, no longer on the pedestrian crossing,” said Bah. Heck.
The Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar urges all churches and religious organizations to take action on MHIS-III. “If anyone doesn't understand the scheme, please call us at MHIS-III,” said the statement. 9436102663 for more information on this scheme.
Iaineh beat Alpha 5 65-17 points, Tyllilang Basketball Academy beat Khasi Tribe 53-39 points and Oregon Grizzlys scored a women's goal against Nangiapyrshang.
The Court also said that since it has issued an order to bring in the CISF, they have expressed their inability to take over the task but its order has prevented other police forces from implementing the The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India through the Union Home Secretary has ordered the deployment of 10 Central Armed Police Force personnel to patrol independently or together with police officers. state government to monitor the illegal mining and arrest those involved.
This part of the road at that time was full of bir and ahor, so it was necessary to fill with earth and build earth embankments.
This is the issue on which the party praises and calls upon the present Government, which has seen a vision to bring back the Rimuliang Block.
All those suspected to be members of the group have been brought to Shillong and taken to court and are now in police custody for 8-10 days.
On the people living in the border areas who used to use EPICs from both the states, he said, “When we visited, we have already requested them to stop using the EPICs. It is from the two states and ordered that they have to choose only one EPIC to use”.
Atrial fibrillation is a symptom of an arrhythmia.
They know how to act like those senior leaders but they don't have any plan/no policy/no strategy even if they become Nongmihkhmat from their constituency for life.
Officials from the Departments of Tourism, Forest, PWD, Sports, PHE and MePDCL have attended the meeting. The Ministry of Tourism, PWD has received T.8 crore, Sports T.1.49 crore and PHE T.43 lakh.
Police will not allow such vehicles for the safety of all, said Bah M Kharkrang, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills.
The coalition government of Shiv Sena, NCP and Congress currently has 169 MLAs. If the MLAs led by Shinde resign as MLAs, the Maha Vikas Aghadi's (MVA) government will have , will be short of people and the government of Uddhav Thackeray will collapse.
In the second part of the programme, Dr. HURIah, WJHD Jowai, Georgina Lamare, Social Behavior Change Consultant, UNICEF and others gave briefings.
The judges also plan to visit other airports in Bhutan, Leh and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to gather more information on the flight procedures which can be done in the same way at Shillong airport.
He said that the recent arrest of the Meghalaya Police from Ri Bhoi, is because they have found evidence in which they have to arrest, as this is an illegal act and to It is not the duty of the Government to do so and it is the duty of the court to give a verdict and if found guilty they will be released. from the penalties that are due in accordance with the provisions of the law.
“If there is any truth, even the slightest, on these allegations against me or my family, I will resign from public service and stay at home”.
Now it can be replaced by the English word 'opt' which means to choose instead of one in Khasi.
So leave home to vote and support the NPP,” said Conrad.
Until this, the process has been going smoothly," said a volunteer who did not want to be named.
However, the traffic to Bangladesh should be stopped because the number of cases of corona virus in Bangladesh is increasing rapidly.
When we go abroad and stay in big hotels, we often find young Khasi women working there and the employers have praised them because they are smart, stingy and work well.
Prafulla Kumar Boro, MCS: Additional Deputy Commissioner, Divisional Forest Officer (Territorial) Jowai, Executive Officer PWD (Road) Central Division were present on the occasion. Jowai, District Urban Planner Jowai, members of the 'Clean the Myntdu River' group and farmers in the southern parts of the country.
“Ka seng urges all fellow citizens to stop employing foreigners and start employing Khasi as part of our fight against and protect against the infiltration of foreigners into the country. Our beloved country,” said the statement from Jitem.
In this regard, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, U Kamal Nath, today said that the elections will be held in June 2014, as it should be. to overthrow this government, will not succeed in this session.
The Seng also urges the Government that the movement from one state to another, at present, is not enough to allow entry at will, except for urgent, necessary or Medical services in the case of illness are not allowed, but other services that are not urgently needed should not be allowed to be investigated first, because if you judge from the nearest state, the Assam has seen an increase in the number of cases of Corona virus.
Shillong: Philamon Mawrie, a resident of Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah, has gone to court after alleging that the village authority has attacked and forcibly used her land without any permission from her as the owner of the land.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has taken a Suo Moto after seeing an article in the Shillong Times on 17th June 2024, regarding the discovery of Three persons from Assam have been killed in East Garo Hills.
FTCCM appeals to all exporters to cooperate and at the same time wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all, said a statement from Richard Pohlong, President and Daniel Khongsit, Secretary FTCCM. Shillong: U Bah Joannes Lamare, one of the volunteers, has been released on bail from the District Jail, Shillong.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister also urged the farmers to register in the Producers Groups before 4th November this year, as through these groups the farmers will receive assistance of 5000 tyngka each.
It’s an inspiration to keep going.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The MBOSE's plan to change the syllabus of Class XI and XII has failed after the government rejected the proposal with the Board.
ADR is a platform for negotiating to find a settlement between the parties.
He also praised the state government for its ability to resolve the land fee issue related to the Shillong Dawki project which is underway.
Shillong: TMC MP Mahua Moitra today was removed as a member of the Lok Sabha over her request for money to ask questions in the Lok Sabha.
The death toll has risen to 24 including EKH: 19 and WJH:
“When I see the FASTOM teachers, contract teachers and other teachers taking to the streets to protest, I am filled with sorrow.
Thehbiang Talang (27) from Barato was arrested on the 10th of this month after a truck driver named Saiful Islam was arrested. .
Books help to give a good life, satisfaction, wisdom and also fulfills our thoughts.
It is learned that the camp was built inside a forest and no one knew about it until the West Jaintia Hills Police received a tip and went down today to stop the camp. The Assam police have not yet completed the incident.
The decision was taken on Friday at a special meeting held at Sabuda in the presence of Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong, Utpala Saikia, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah and SP. of the two districts.
Regarding the recent MTET examination, the KSU has informed that some candidates have been given the answer keys for Paper I (LP level) and Paper II (UP level). .
Why?? When we walk on the streets especially in the city, we are shocked and ashamed to see that even school children in uniform are willing to drink alcoholic beverages and expensive obscene language.
