There were many missed chances in the second half and Chanmitre Thma and Banshan Nongdhar of Nangkiew and Figo Syndai of you Lightning.
He was asked whether the Block Congress from Nongstoin and the District have wanted him too much and if the ticket doesn't reach him, what is the opinion of his supporters? Dr. Pariong replied that if he doesn't get a ticket, he has decided to sit down and he will not. There will be no more elections in this mid-term elections.
The Committee has met many times in many meetings where many people have come to participate in the meetings and this Bill has been established as a nation descended from the mother.
The order from the DC's office said that the vehicle manufacturing factories on the highways should follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the government as part of the prevention of the corona virus.
“We have requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to withdraw the BSF personnel who are currently in Amla-rem Market,” KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit President Laitphar Syngkrem told reporters.
I don't lie to you and you can ask for RTI from KHADC to verify.
Speeches were also delivered by Fantin Joseph Lakadong, NPP MDC from Laitumkhrah, Dr. Jasmine, NPP candidate from Nongthymmai, Mayborn Rapthap, President NPYF Shillong City and others.
On this occasion, Bah Wellbirth also donated money to the team including tracksuits for the players and a donation of T.1 lakh for the team to use for their needs. 'range of games.
Meanwhile, NEIGRIHMS Psychiatrist Dr Sonali Shinde Tesia said that 60 percent of the suicides in Meghalaya in 2012-13 were between the ages of 15 to 29 years. The reasons are mental illness, personal and social reasons.
JHTOA Publicity Secretary Nehemayah Tyngkan said that the Union of Dewbilat Factories has called for a meeting with the JHTOA on the 25th of this month and the meeting will be held at Byndihati at Thomas Nongtdu Complex, East Jaintia Hills District.
However, one of the former KSU leaders who used to work with Bull Lyngdoh (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) who is the former President of the KSU said that during the time of Bull, this incident happened. and it shall come to pass in these days, that it shall be done.
The complaints handling system now completes the task within a month.
The Executive Magistrate, Bah G. Warjri MCS, Sohra Civil Sub-Division, has also received a report on the RTI but the RTI seekers have not received the report. They said that soon in these days they will consider to proceed with the case which could also reach the court.
For this reason, they said that Bah Pynshngaiñ will remove three of his EMs and replace them with others.
During the meeting with the Minister, the discussion was fruitful as he promised in front of the party leaders that he himself will take care of this issue and also to expedite as much as possible for the party. The welfare of the residents of these 8 villages.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that as a candidate he has tried to enter all the areas but it is not easy due to the shortage of time.
Those who stay in the centres, can also eat by bringing food from home, while they are staying in these shelters and the Centre will appoint staff, who can arrange for the delivery of food, to these. who lives in these places of worship.
Sadon said the government has given the reason that the ILP will affect the tourism industry in the developing state. He said that if factories and projects come, more foreigners will come to work. Therefore, the ILP should be implemented. he's like that.
The three trophies are the Durand Cup (including the cash prize), the Shimla Trophy (first awarded by the residents of Shimla in 1904) and the President Cup. The Permanent Trophy was first awarded by Dr. Rajendra Prasad, the first President of India in 1956).
Therefore, all shops should close and commercial vehicles should stop operating until the end of the cleanliness campaign and all participants should wear masks and use sanitizer and follow the Health Protocols. Headman Bakur said in a statement.
With this seizure, the total amount of money seized in Meghalaya has reached T.32 lakh.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced that according to a letter No.EJHD/JUDL.55/PT.III/2022/17, dated Hills District, Khliehriat, once again requests those coal owners whose names appear on the Coal Inventory List and the Report on Assessment of Extracted Coal Stocks to please submit their forms and documents. required on or before June 30, 2022.
Shillong, July 02: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Thursday approved the proposal to extend the term of office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC. for six months.
“We have signed a social agreement and agreed to resolve the border issue and the remaining task is the Survey of India. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the matter will be heard in Parliament for approval on the demarcation of the boundary.
This happened today, when the Congress turned up at the Rashtrapati Bhavan.
He said that this will also affect the price of land if the government wants to increase the price of the land where the MeECL offices are located. This also violates the provisions of the Land Transfer Act.
In the Group-B match, Niaw Wasa beat Rymbai Iawpynsing SC 2-0. Both goals were scored by Sandeep Siangshai in the 1st minute. 45'+3 in the 82nd minute.
U Bah PK Bani President Union of Village Authorities Warsan Lyngdoh Area, said that the decision of the KHADC has shocked the people of the area because the road has been suddenly closed due to the opposition of some people. They have used the uranium to intimidate the people.
Amit Shah recently arrived in Shillong on 23rd July 2021 for the NEC meeting and on that day he did not discuss anything on the issues of the Jaitbynriew. He did not meet with any political party or the Government to discuss the ILP but the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that Amit Shah has called for discussions on the ILP. the Government and also the civil society to Delhi in June.
For all matches of the 2022-23 season, the stadium is still under the supervision of the BCCI, with the rules to be announced later.
However, he must pay a fine of 50,000 tyngka or go to jail because the battery is lost during his night watch.
“If my daughter doesn't lose her life and my soul, I won't be happy,” said the father. “We want all our children, whether men or women, to live happily ever after, even if they are not rich.” “I don't have many words anymore, but I trust you, my son.
All the office bearers of the Sur Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, including Bah Donbok Khar Lyngdoh, Bah Marbud Dkhar and others were present on the occasion.
Also, he said that, making obscene comments on a child is excessive, and the police should register a law against them.
even in the village and in the town.
According to the rules of the NDB, the government cannot send the money directly to these government departments but will have to have SPVs and set up a Meghalaya Age Limited, according to the Companies Act, and this company will provide. under the supervision of the Planning Department.
Last month alone, more deaths were reported than those reported in other countries, according to The New York Times, including many who did not receive treatment. in different hospitals.
They write that story as a parody, but we don't believe that it is true or false.
“The census is ongoing, we are still working on it and we hope that soon we will be able to prepare an affidavit to reply to the Court and we will be able to take a decision to proceed with the recruitment process,” he said. to Conrad.
Therefore, let us break away from the pride and start uniting our fellow countrymen to work together and stand together and demand together to get the stieh to defend our beloved country.
Corruption is one of the most common behaviors in these days whether in the workplace, the job, the language or the language is full of corruption.
Bah Paul also asked how it can be that there will be no 'Nod' or that there has not been a decision on this Act in some districts.
In the tsunami in the Indian Ocean, companies and private individuals have lost tens of thousands of dollars.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : BJP MLA from Shillong South Bah Sanbor Shullai on Friday said that only the areas under the Sixth Schedule have been exempted from the CAA. He said that it will not allow the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to send MPs from other parties as the BJP will come back to power in Delhi.
They also urged the people to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong not only in the preservation of the dohum species in the rivers, but also to cooperate for the protection of the Dohum. nature because inside the nature there are many living things created by God for the benefit of mankind.
The death toll is 12 from East Khasi Hills District: 08, South Garo Hills, West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 5: Shri Vikram Thapa today found a plastic bag containing money worth T.68,800 tyngka and T.10 notes. .20 and Rs.
He also suggested that NEHU should be appointed as the authority to oversee all the Central Government educational institutions in the state.
Lord, renew my heart.
Speaking to reporters, Robert said, “We allow the residents of Lapangap to work on this road because it is a voluntary work of the people, but if it is government schemes, district authorities or both governments They have to inform each other as this area is still under the border dispute.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The residents of Khanapara Market have decided to stop buying cows from the Khanapara Market from the 25th of this month. Ri-Bhoi District.
The group recalls that Mahatma Gandhi raised this issue in 1942 to fight against the British Rules.
It was 4 o'clock in the evening when the weather at that time was 'partial weather', suddenly! making us both sharpen our eyes to look there.
It is understood that Wasnik and Joshi will also discuss how to strengthen the party for the 2018 elections, lest it happen like in other places where the Congress has been defeated.
Manure Manure (MOP) – 7.5 kgs5.
At Barik Point, a monument will be erected including the erection of the flagpole, which can be seen from all over the city.
They shall not lack one thing" Jeremiah 23:3-4
As a responsible and loving citizen of the youth in today's society, I urge the NGOs, the legislators from the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and also the list of The Student's Union should fight for open competition instead of reservation policy so that the future of the youth of our country and our nation will improve in all aspects without being deprived.
In this match, Riburom Jat (Jalapang defender) was named Player of the Match.
The Seng congratulates all the youths of this district who have taken part in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 and will continue to work hard and progress in the field of sports, said a statement from the Chairman Sports Committee Khasi. Students' Union EJHDU. His awards include Event : 800mt – Gold Medal, Silver 1500mt – Relay Race – Bronze medal.
He said that the IITG has found that the main cause of the collapse of the Dome was the excessive weight and there was no cooperation between those involved in the construction of the Dome. Dorbar from the Engineers, Designers, Contractors and the Project Management Consultant (PMC) because if they had not worked together, this incident would not have happened.
Shillong: Langsning FC beat Laban FC 3-3 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
She said that the state agriculture department has conducted public awareness meetings across the state that farmers should no longer use chemical fertilizers but should use organic fertilizers.
After the shooting stopped, the police sealed the area and found two bodies lying lyngktar along with ammunition and rescued the two victims. kidnapping.
The meeting was held at the residence of the former President of the party who passed away recently.
When parents start their own business, while they are alive, the business is good, when they die, their children don't know how to do their job because they don't agree to work together since they still small.
“After the inspection and investigation by the union, it was found that the dispensary was run by an NGO from Shillong, but regarding the closure, the union found that the reason for the closure was because of the There is a misunderstanding between the staff of the dispensary and the village leaders of the area and this has caused suffering to the people who need to go for treatment at the dispensary,” said Bah Intor Ranee.
Speaking to reporters on the Expert Committee, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Cabinet meeting has approved the appointment of the Chief Secretary and one member from the Expert Committee. The Legal Department and one member from the Personnel Department for the Search Committee, this Committee is to seek experts to be members of the Expert Committee to prepare the Reservation Policy.
Banteidor told reporters about the smooth running of the departments in many ways.
Power Grid and SP Office won the SCA Inter Office T20 Cricket League on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the total cost of the project has been T.211.87 crore.
If the four MLAs join, the TMC will have only 29 MLAs and they will not be able to form a government at all.
However, the lack of building materials such as cement, bricks and others, has brought us the contractors to suffer a lot”.
It was also the second time in less than a month that the Saudi government had spoken about the health and ill-health of the country's supreme leader.
Village leaders led by Waheh Shnong Lasting Pala and Secretary Shnong Nicholas Lyngdoh found that the PHC needs urgent repairs as it has been damaged and destroyed.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 384 new cases have been confirmed and 4513 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The CORP has set a deadline of 10 months for the department to implement this demand, which ended yesterday.
The death toll today has risen to 12 and these are civilians.
The Secretary of the East Jaintia Hills Cricket Association, Bah Tnebha Phawa, Tnebha, explained the purpose of the fete and the lucky draw. To raise funds, we have a good intention to promote cricket, because there are many necessities that we still have to provide such as bats, balls, gloves and many cricket equipment that also protect the body, expensive, we saw that there are many children who have the talent to play, so we came out to find ways for their development, of course we will get donations To achieve this goal, the Association has decided to hold a fete to raise funds to provide for the needs of the children who play. Phawa said that the Association has been able to promote a youngster from East Jaintia Hills District, Kishan Lyngdoh, from Sohkymphor. Kisan Lyngdoh, who earned his living by playing cricket, has been able to support his mother and brothers and sisters by playing cricket. He has participated in many cricket tournaments, trophies like Duleep Trophy, Ranji Trophy, Vijay Hazare Trophy and Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. The leader of the Association urged other talented youths to take the example of Kisan Lyngdoh to come forward and express their views. you sap that you don.
“There is no need to fight political drama here and we don't have time to fight drama, because we need to take and resolve issues that will affect tomorrow,” he said.
He is a kind of creature that is self-sufficient.
The Woodland WK Hospital has been able to treat this child under the supervision of Dr Werlok Kharshiing, Managing Director of the hospital. They said that this hospital is the only hospital in Jaintia Hills which has enough facilities and doctors and is not inferior to other hospitals.
However, it is not only Eleazar who is on the battlefields of Israel and there are 200 Bnei Menashes from Manipur and Mizoram who are now on the battlefields.
Dr. Mary Pajat District Extension Educator DM&HO explained that an awareness program was held on the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of COVID-1 which is said to be a very different disease from other diseases.
When asked whom the Congress will nominate for the post of Chairman of GHADC, Boston said they have not yet taken a decision and will have to decide at their meeting tomorrow or tomorrow. “We have decided at the meeting who will be appointed Chairman but we have decided to win the CEM seat,” he said.
Uber East India and Bangladesh Chief Executive Officer Md.Ali Armanur Rahman said, “We would like to express our gratitude to the Transport Commissioner of the state for encouraging and accompanying us on this opening day. , which has inspired many female drivers to take up this opportunity to earn a living through the Uber platform.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 78958 out of which 75784 have recovered and 1370 have died.
Narwan Thwai Salong LP School on 31st July, has launched its Lucky Draw, which will be held on 28th February to raise funds for Thwai. Salong L.P School.
The three residents who donated assistance to the ASHAs are Yoofranky Laloo, Phrangsngi Challam and Lakhon Passah.
Guwahati: The Superintendent of Police of Cachar District of Assam and the Officer Incharge of Dhollai (Assam) have been shot dead in a clash on Tuesday morning. day, according to the report.
This action of the BJP government, on this occasion, which has deprived the rights of the Kashmiris, through Article 370, makes us think that if the BJP government, which has more than 300 members, Members of the Lok Sabha, has respected the law of our country which has only one member in the House, so this is a matter that we have to look into ourselves, lest we do not understand the provisions of the Sixth Schedule. , or if we do not want to make good use of the laws contained therein, or if others have taken advantage and misguided the spirit of the District Councils Act.
Meanwhile, 987 out of 4281 foreigners have stayed in the district.
This patient management system will enable the government to be prepared and to identify the most common types of diseases and take appropriate measures in a timely manner.
Shillong, Lber 09: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, will be appointed as the Chairman of the State Planning Board.
He said he was happy that the Azadi celebration also marked the preparation for India in
As part of the response on Tuesday to a tip-off about the presence of Bangladeshis in the country, Sabroom police immediately launched a search operation in the surrounding areas and a slasha farm located in the urban area on the border of Sabroom in Tripura.
There was also a threat of resignation from the MLAs and leaders of various groups and all of them raised their voices to stand for the country and the nation.
Once planted, you can harvest up to 3 times.
The party also plans to set up Economic Growth Centers and Logistics Hubs in different districts of the state in collaboration with factories so that many families and youth can be employed.
At the same time, Zelensky said Ukraine urgently needs weapons and strong support from its Western neighbors so that Ukraine can fight and counter these attacks. and Russian show of force this time.
However, after more than three months, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly today recognized Ronnie V Lyngdoh as the Leader of the Opposition and Saleng A Sangma as the Chief Whip of the Legislative Assembly. .
In fact, the Bible has nothing to do with the Khasi people.
Shillong, July 21: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has convened a meeting of all political parties on the 28th of this month at the Conference Room of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, starting at 2 pm.
It is the source of pride in one's power, position, and wealth.
“These implementations with appropriate technologies will run through solar electricity or solar power which will help in all aspects,” said Conrad.
However, this law is not accepted by the people because the Government cannot control or eliminate the use of plastic.
When he spoke briefly, he died.
“I am surprised that the UDP and other parties allied with the BJP are trying to mislead the people that they are the Messiahs for the sake of protecting the minorities. “It's because they have been taught by the BJP to say that,” said Dr. Mukul.
The group that accompanied Bah Golden, who contested the 2023 MLA election from Rambrai from the Congress Party, numbered more than 50 members and included a former leader of the HSPDP of Nongstoiñ. the UDP, including the Women's Wing.
Laitkor will face Lumparing in the semifinals, while Mawlai will face PFR in the semifinals. match at SSA Stadium – First Ground.
Nor can you escape politics.
There are many reasons why the BJP has been sidelined in the MDA. One of the reasons is its attempt to expose and curb corruption in the Executive Committees led by the NPP in Garo Hill Autonomous District Council and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
With this good performance, she has also qualified for the ICC Trophy; to the 'Most Valuable Team' of the tournament.
However, we will not allow the Star Cement company to destroy our natural resources without thinking about the future generations. I ask those supporters how much they know about the environment.
Speeches were delivered by all four Rangbah Shnongs of these villages including Bah A. Sohtun RS-Mawiong, Bah W. Sohlang RS Rngi, Secretary Mawsawa Village S. Nongkhlaw, Rangbah Shnong Kyndong. The meeting was chaired by Bah P.Kurkalang and Bah I.Kurkalang. Rangbah Syllai Ulor.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Bungsing Sohphoh, in charge of the Hot Spring, said that in the past few months, there have been many challenges especially in the rehabilitation of those who have been affected. The bridge had to be repaired from the walls and others, the tin taps, the doors and others which had been damaged by the floods.
He said that his visit to Nongjrong was for the purpose of building a resort and to train the youth to know the benefits of tourism development.
It is in West Bengal that rape and kidnapping of women and children are the most common.
This means that if the Central Government changes the name of India to Bharat, the Constitution of the country will have to be amended.
It is to be recalled that the DC has issued an order to operate odd and even for local taxis to enter Khyndailad and Motphran. July, 2023.
He also called upon the people to urge the government to implement this Act so that it will be a protection against the low paid in the country.
Another goal is to promote organic farming to introduce to the farmers to increase the income of agriculture, she said.
“Increasing the ethanol content of petrol is necessary for the country's electricity security and will reduce the import of oil.
The cleaning was led by Bah Agustine Nongrum, Acting Rangbah Shnong of Baridua. The cleaning was carried out by the Rangbah Shnong and Longkmie of Baridua. Puhshilum trucks and dumper trucks were used.
1.2 To reduce the inconvenience to consumers, a new scheme of the Central Government has been approved. organization to manage the day-to-day operations and other costs of purchasing and delivering raw materials.
God also warns the wicked that they are powerful in this world.
The two teams that will play in the final will be between Seven States One United FC and Eleven Star FC. Deihok Sumer President of the Club said that the club will also raise funds for the tournament.
The closing ceremony of the 30th Anniversary and the football tournament was held at Mawdngong Mini Stadium, Mawdieja in Sohryngkham Village.
The duties and responsibilities of the Election Commission are clear, it sets and implements the rules on political parties, it is responsible for the names of the villagers who have reached the age of registration and also ensures that the election it shall be free and impartial.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government wants Meghalaya to be free from terrorism within the next five years.
"We have removed the CPI(M) from power when it was necessary and our fight now is to remove the BJP from Delhi," Banerjee said at a meeting held in Delhi. The founding day of the TMC Youth Wing was celebrated on Tuesday in Kolkata.
Shillong, Naitung 28 : U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma has urged the staff of EMRI 108 to stop their strike especially at this time of new cases of COVID-1 COVID have increased.
“These allegations don't make me sleep at all because they come out near
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has demanded that the state government should provide educational facilities to the students who have fallen into the trap of Chandra Mohun. Jha University, CMJ.The union has demanded that the government should immediately provide places in other universities to these students.
“This is a difficult task but we must conduct it in the right way and if you want to set fire we also know but we urge the leaders of the Sengbhalang this is a difficult task. “It is necessary to resolve the issue and we must do it on a foundational basis, not to aiding and not to talk nonsense until the time comes when the fire will not be extinguished,” said the President of the HYC. The 2nd Meghalaya Open Table Tennis Cash Prize Tournament 2023 will be held at Laban Sports Club Indoor Hall, Shillong from 2 to 2 pm. 3 July 2023.
This was announced by the Director General of Police, Assam, GP Singh at a press conference on the 6th at Pathsala.
The West Jaintia Hills District Executive Force (WJHDEF) Police Department has continued to extend its helping hands to the poor and children in need during this time of lockdown. consumer goods.
“What I am surprised at is that this time the lecturer whom I supported to win the election has turned against me in various election campaigns and in fact he should have paid the money for the work. I suffered at that time,” said Bah Gigur.
Shillong, June 25: U Congress leader and former government minister Fran Kestein Momin has joined his supporters and the NPP at a meeting held at Mendi Pathar in North Garo Hills today.
The AdventHealth Hospital has recorded the highest number of cases, with 1,350 cases as of Friday.
In other words, the Shad Niam Behdeinkhlam also shows to the world the uniqueness of the Ninniew Trep Ninniew Skum, so to promote the uniqueness of the Shad Niam Behdeinkhlam, be the people who participate in this. It dances in the spirit of tipbriew tipblei and also to bring and promote mutual respect for each other despite differences in many ways on the basis of, love one's own and respect others, the path of peace in the earth shall be filled with joy, and the blessings of Trekirot shall be poured out.
Phyrnailang Swer was first arrested on 13th July 2004 along with eight others for forming the Retrieval of Indigenous United Forum (RIUF). He was arrested under the MPDA Act and after his release from jail he started working closely with the HNLC, police sources said.
No.9436566556 or to the Specialized Adoption Agency, Jowai by phone at No.6009972453 to come and adopt this child within 60 days.
To explain this to you, we have to remember the Law of Economics, Supply and Demand, which means that if there is a lot of supply of goods and services, money and jobs, but less demand, what will happen? This is exactly what happened to us now that there are too many outdated people who don't have enough jobs, and that's why the salary is so low because there are so many job seekers. , sometimes it is surprising that even those who pass class 10/12 still apply for jobs by those who have completed higher grades to those who have completed PhD, but what can be done to get food, to if you don't have to work.
Antoine Griezman scored the second goal for France from the penalty spot in the 38th minute.
On the occasion, the Jirang MLA, who went to help these families, was witnessed by the village leaders of the area, fellow NPP workers and many others.
They also said that they don't want to live with people who have a good lifestyle because it's easier for them to live like that and do whatever they want just to get what they want. itself was sufficient for them.
Bah Cornelius Laloo, one of the journalists of Ri Bhoi, participated as the chief guest in the presence of other dignitaries.
Dr. Mawsor also encouraged all the members and requested the cooperation of all the members. He also recalled the struggles of the members of NYWO in the years 1978 onwards when the The college in which his father was one of the strongest members to develop the college through the NYWO, so the things that our ancestors have done we should develop in the college. the right way.
According to Bah Vivek, the imprisonment of these rulers will be three years for their involvement.
He said the Save Hynniewtrep Mission and the people will reject and stand strongly against if a case is registered in West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
The UDP leaders and supporters were welcomed at Jyllep village in the presence of Rudy Shangpliang, Khramding Wanniang, Dwalanroy Snaitang, R. Mawlieh and other leaders.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that he wants to start the construction of the building at Umsawli and said that it will start next month.
He said that even a Khasi youth who has been named has no chance of getting the job as he has reached the 47th position.
“Do you have an old or a new one?” asked the owner. “I understand that the old one is not too long but the new one will take a long time, maybe decades,” said Peter. day.
Furthermore, on this occasion, the NPP party workers were confirmed in Ummulong.
Shillong, Naitung, 05: Police of Madanryting Police Station have arrested Weles Umsong, 32, for allegedly murdering 40-year-old Bah Snar Kharkongor. I live in the village of Rasong.
How can we say that a political party from the West whose aim is to make the whole country a Hindu country?
There are 22,221 samples tested negative, 21,901 negative, 220 pending results, 45 recoveries, 54 confirmed cases and 2 positive cases. died of this disease.
Shillong, July 4: The High Court has issued an arrest warrant against Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang.
According to Bah Lyngdoh, the state government has had to delay the GHADC elections because it expects the agreement with the ANVC and ANVC-B to increase their numbers. “Now, we will proceed to hold the elections as usual for 29 MDCs,” he said. , said Mr. Lyngdoh.
It was at this time that the man came from behind and touched Kumar.
The garden motorcycle has a white wing, but the lum motorcycle has a purple wing.
Because if he doesn't know, the government can't take a decision because it has to consult and get the approval of the MLA of the constituency. MLA before taking any decision in any constituency especially big projects or schemes that can affect the society,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
He said that at present, the vehicles have been arranged to pass through the Star Cement to solve the problem faced by the passengers.
“According to the Financial Report of the Government of India, in the last five years, up to T.10,000 lakh crore has been forgiven to large companies, which have taken their loans from the government. bank and that is the work of our government, but this has reduced the shawla in your household, a gas cylinder which 7 years ago was T.350 now is T1145 tyngka”.
Peter believed that God would be more pleased with his action than inaction.
“Today, when they brought the no confidence motion, I thought I would listen to the speaker and the members who supported this, to explain together what is the act alone, the act of willfulness. I'm sorry, but they just read the article without revealing anything and it's also the fact that they have the number.
Also present on the occasion were Anuradha Bhatia, CGWB – ShillongOffice, Dr. Himanshu Kulkarni, ACWADAM, Pune, Dr. Anil Gautam, People's Science Institute (PSI), Dehradun, GhanashyamKharel, GIZ, Sikkim, Rural Management Norbu, DEvelopment Department, Sikkim.
According to research by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDCP), smoking cigarettes puts life at serious risk in all aspects.
On the other hand, the staff said that the doctor was still eating in the room.
In Rai Bahadur D Ropmay wrote about Thomas Jones, “One of them is the First Primer, an excellent textbook read in schools for 60 long years”.
When asked why he did not contest as an independent candidate, he replied that the mid-term elections are only two years old and he doesn't have much intention to contest. He said that he cannot say whether he will contest or sit even if he does not get a ticket from the Congress party.
Finally Tirot Singh could not fight against the powerful power of the French and fled to various hiding places.
Filmmakers from Meghalaya can also send their short films and documentaries to be screened at the festival as part of promoting the talents of the people involved,” said Moji Riba, Director. Film North East 2016 while speaking to reporters today.
Therefore to make the right decision, you need a strong brain.
The vegetables I grow include: Muli, Pudina, Shrimp, Salad, Jaud, Jamyrdoh, Kawang, Ri, Jhur-thliem and Sohkhia. I also spoke to my colleague, Bah Rundolf Mawlieh, who lives in Lumjingshai. , Shillong, she also expressed her happiness that her household has a lot of jhur from her small garden.
He also urged the KSU leaders around the border areas not to be afraid because this is no longer the time to listen, but the most important thing is unity and especially to strengthen the law. thought.
The witnesses said that the police continued to shoot until Sengbath died.
There was also an exhibition of traditional costumes of the Shella people beautifully designed by Khneng Embroidery and made by the Mustoh people.
JOWAI: The Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla has demanded that the MLA of Jowai, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla, should implement the promises he made during the elections.
I have forgotten that invitation of Jesus, which I used to read well when I was a young man who used to go to church, saying – “Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. and I will give you rest.
Because cleanliness is essential for yourself, your home and your surroundings.
He said that this action of the Director of Health Service (DHS) has been incompatible with the wishes of the youth seeking employment because the search for jobs by the youth these days is difficult and terrible. to the extreme.
The EKHCA has organized this program for the Under-15 boys and Under-17 girls.
“We have urged the Director of NEIGHRIMS to conduct a survey of the examination centers in Meghalaya for the benefit of the youth of the State.
At the time of writing, no injuries or arrests were reported.
SEPSD Leader and Secretary incharge of East Khasi Hills District, Samla B Sohphoh said that the main goal of the society is to protect and preserve the environment especially in these days when the damage to the environment is occurring. the nature increases as the days go by.
The family members of the youth alleged that the hospital had neglected the treatment and that there was no doctor inside the hospital where the youth was left to sleep without treatment for five hours.
The meeting decided to write to the President Rangbah UDP regarding the actions of Bah PN Syiem, CEM against the UDP in Nongkrem Constituency since the election campaign until the night of 12th November. 2016 which is the last night before the polling, said a statement from Bah Teiskhem Kharmuti, General Secretary, UDP Nongkrem Circle.
In fact, many of the elderly and young men did not reach this refugee camp because they were killed in their former homes in the villages of Rakhine State.
Mairang, November 05: There is a saying that if you don't have the will, you don't have any obstacles to overcome the problems.
Conrad Sangma used to speak without thinking.
While Ardent was speaking, the CM stood up to raise the point of order by saying that Ardent had just read his speech which is against the rule book of the Assembly. Ardent denied that he was just reading but said Bah used it only to look at the data because he could not remember all the numbers.
At the same time, she encouraged the management to continue to work hard and dedicate themselves to this work so that many of the projects will be achieved.
It is true that Dr. John Roberts stated that there were two kinds of rule at that time, but it is impossible not to look at the other side of the conviction of Dr. John Roberts who stated that the country and nation is one and the same.
The union said that many parents have complained that their children who are still studying could become mentally ill if the curfew is extended due to the rapid spread of the disease for the second time. wave) of the COVID 19 pandemic.
They say it’s just a sign.
Two other residents of Mukroh village who sustained serious injuries are still being treated at Ialong Civil Hospital.
Mawkyrwat, November 24: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Mawkyrwat Circle on Tuesday appointed new office bearers. They were confirmed by GB Bung Snaitang, Joint Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Central Body.
Passah said that in India, Himachal Pradesh alone has two cities – Shimla and Dharamshala.
We also express that this Government does not think carefully that the Khalai can also lead to other evils in the society, such as drug abuse, prostitution and other evils in these Khalai areas, “We oppose the statement of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma that the Government has not implemented the Act yet and that they will discuss and discuss before taking a decision. .
Shillong: Due to heavy rainfall in the past few days, the water level in Wah Umiam, has risen sharply to 3206.90 ft at 8 pm on 11th November
When India gained independence in 1947 and when Pakistan was separated from India (East & West Pakistan), many Khasi villages were annexed to East Pakistan. you are in Bangladesh now.
The 86th Battalion is based at Ambassa in Dhalai district of Tripura.
He said the government should not play politics with the health of the people of West Khasi Hills.
On receiving the information, the police rushed to the scene and after investigation, the youth was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. He was taken to Bethany Hospital Nongpoh for further treatment and later taken to Shillong Hospital. to hit a truck.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Baby League (MBL) 2018 will continue today.
“Once again our school has come forward with our students achieving seven ranks in Science Stream and Commerce Stream,” said Father Anthony Kharkongor.
“No MP in the past years has been able to contribute like Bah Pala.
of India) and Rs 15.13 crore from the state.
Marsien said that the people of the constituency did not allow her to sit and she decided to contest as an independent candidate, where she received more than 2000 votes and came fourth. .
He bought wood from abroad to make guitars in many shapes and designs, and some of these guitars had to be played by electricity and some of them could be played like that.
Paiem said that in other places there is no information that Meghalaya has crossed the border, but in Block II there has been no border crossing with Assam.
Gurjar said the state government should set up a separate department for persons with disabilities.
It also gives hope to Nicodemus, Zacchaeus, Saul and the thief on the cross.
And the police stick is only temporary, but if those murder hornets come like what happened in the US, our people will not dare to go outside.
The answer is, perhaps sad to say, no one, except here and there, who talks about the problems facing the nation often ends up with them and the councils.
Shillong: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Meghalaya on Tuesday held a State Level Recitation Contest on the theme “Patriotism and Nation Building” as part of the celebration and The 72nd Republic Day of the country was celebrated at the Conference Hall of the Indian Scouts and Guides Shillong.
On the other hand, he said that his appearance in the upcoming MLA elections is not just because he has appeared, but because he has been working in the public service for a long time. Help the people in times of crisis, in other problems of the villages, in the problems of the people, the youth and other social works.
It is to be recalled that on 3rd November, HANM held a protest at Jantar Mantar in which more than 1000 members took part in the protest. and two MDCs of KHADC, Bah Bajop Pyngrope and Bah Sherbor Mawlong.
To strengthen the SHGs run by women's groups in rural areas, the state government will provide financial assistance of T.1.5 lakh to each group under a special programme.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Meghalaya Forum for Indigenous Rights and Livelihood, led by Herald S Dkhar as Chairman and Kitbor C Rymbai as General Secretary, has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma to speak on the impact of the National Green Tribunal on the ban on coal mining in the state.
This means that Isaiah did not see Jesus before he was born on earth.
It will be a source of shame and sympathy for the speaker.
THE IMPORTANCE OF FOLIC ACID Folic acid is essential for good health in the body.
“The government authorities have called for talks but the government has forgotten to release the salary of the teachers,” said the statement. The union has received information that SSA teachers in Garo Hills have to stop going to school to teach the students because the government has not paid their salaries.
They are really just the supporters of the NDA Government in Delhi.
The reason for this is that there has been too much ticket fighting within the party for the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The State Government today issued the transfer order to the IAS Officers holding the post of Deputy Commissioner and appointed Kong Rosetta Mary Kurbah as the new Deputy Commissioner (DC) of the Eastern District. Khasi Hills District.
When a man is born again, the heart of man is turned to God.
As an Australian tennis star, Nick, who qualified for the 2022 Wimbledon final, is ranked 26th in the world; he has not played in a Grand Slam since his defeat in the second round of the tournament in
The statement said that the union will seek information through RTI on many of the land of the Forest Department and if found that there is misuse of land by any private person, the union will not refuse to take them. The strongest action was taken by the protesters and even by the High Court.
He said that many Muslims and Christians have been killed by Hindutva militants on charges of carrying beef and many minority Dalits have been killed. The AICU said that Bhagwat was shot, tortured and killed in obedience to the orders of Bhagwat's party. The statement said that not only Bhagwat, but the President of the BJP, who is also the Minister of Foreign Affairs, believes that the low paid are enemies and robbers.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has promised to take action against those who have already been injected once, who intend to join the police force. “I will have to look at the announcement issued by the police department. I don't know anything about this. talk to the police departments in this regard".
He said how can Shillong, which has been the capital of three governments, lose this opportunity to renovate the city as it is now in the midst of a terrible lymbrum lymbram.
According to Kong Ampareen, the new fare will come into force soon after the government issues a public announcement in the coming days but the government has not yet issued any announcement on the increase in the fare.
Here you can get international brands of cosmetics from all over the world.
A taxi driver who picked up Bengaluru CEO Suchana Seth after she killed her four-year-old son from her residence in North Goa says The mother and her child, who were wrapped in a large bag, were carried away by the police for 12 hours.
Purulia DSP Abhijeet Bandopadhyay said the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
After the discussion, in the dorbar held in the afternoon, the JHADC House decided to approve the bill as it is. The Chairman of the JHADC announced in the House that the allocation of funds should be for the year 2017-18 was approved and accepted by the House.
However, the SDO said that the office intends to do so but no equipment has been provided to them to do so and he promised to do so soon.
Meghalaya has turned 50 years old and is one of the Tribal Minority States and therefore the provisions and provisions of the Constitution have been amended to separate and protect the State. .
Other bowlers who scored included Manthan Gupta (2/50), Gaurav Narleng (1/22) and Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria (1/64).
The employees of the Council said that the lack of salary for 10 months has affected their families and children.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The National People's Party (NPP) has demanded that the government should set up an independent inquiry into the deaths of two persons in Garo Hills.
“One more Rangbah Shnong that you have to do and that is on 'Kam defaming' us...how do you do this...? Do you want to end here or go to court? " he looked at Bah Let who was dressed in blue and white.
The Chief Secretary in charge of Finance, the Commissioner Secretary of DCA, the Secretary of PHE and the Chief Engineer of PHE, have suggested to the government not to release the tied grant to the District Councils and to use it for the department. PHE. Bah PN Syiem said that the information sent to the KHADCm is also with the information of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, because without the approval of the Chief Minister, this The Committee shall not send this letter to the District Council.
However, I wonder why our MLAs are reluctant to discuss the IOA in the House,” said Bah Kharsiing.
The planes have carried these equipment to Guwahati and from there, they will transport vehicles to the scene in East Jaintia Hills to draw water from the crematorium.
“It worries me that I don't know what will happen when there is no coal anymore, but God has opened this second opportunity to tell us that you shall not be lymmuh, but you shall be wise.
He said they chose to clean up Nan Polok because it is one of the tourist attractions and so that tourists can see the cleanliness of this place.
In Delhi, 1,320 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 27,654 and the death toll to
There must be a balance – economically, and protecting miners and the environment.
It is worth mentioning that the State Government has sent two officers to stay in Imphal to oversee the relocation of students and citizens from the State as well as to provide support for the student transportation.
The fair will also be attended by leading educational institutions such as Alliance University Bangalore, MIT University Shillong, IndoGlobe Institution Bangalore, Royal Global University Assam and many others.
After the public meeting to discuss the MDC elections to the KHADC in 2019, the supporters of Bah Anthony N.Nongbri from Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency unanimously decided to He was elected from the National People's Party (NPP).
He said this with the intention of misleading the people after seeing that hundreds of people every day join the AITC because they want to see change in
Since the day this writer brought the Adjournment Motion on the last day of the Dorbar Synrai, which could not conduct the discussion on the Roster System due to the lack of support from fellow legislators, I have received a lot. questions regarding what I want to raise before the Legislative Assembly.
At the same time, he said that those who throw garbage in these rivers will be punished with a fine.
The Government should think seriously about this and take action and not just talk nonsense in the media from time to time.
Captain Debasmita Dutta scored 2/26 while Ahireta Mukherjee scored 1/1
Police have arrested Bok Sten after he lodged a complaint with Mawlsanai OP Police Station that on the 10th of this month he received an SMS demanding T.5 lakh from him. He also threatened to kill his daughter if he fails to pay the T.5 lakh.
The meeting, which was attended by about 500 party members from 10 constituencies in East Khasi Hills, also elected other office bearers including Vice President Draison Kharshiing and Braston Kharbuli, General. Teinwell Dkhar and Assistant General Secretary Roland Nongrum, Joint Secretary Spar Lyngdoh, Youth Wing President Hamlet Dohling, Secretary Ryngkat Lyndem and Womens Wing president Pretty Pongrope, Advisor Dr Donkupar Roy, Remington Pongrope and RA Lyngdoh .
The tournament was also held for the final of the state level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament, organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
If this happens from time to time, we on the part of HANM, will not be able to show it by force.
The court in Patiala will start hearing Akbar's complaint on Friday.
At present, the JTP police have set up a parking lot in the area.
Before 2018, the NPP had gone to the people to propose to lift the ban on coal mining and transportation in the state but the five years have passed and the NPP has not been able to do anything. This work has been going on from day to day until it has become publicly known that it has been accused of corruption and almost all the work has been conducted in the name of those High Levels.
HSS, Jowai, 75.66% CBSE & HSSLC Jeremi Kassar Class XII, CBSE, JNV Mukhla 80.8% Lucent Lamin Rymbui, Class XII, CBSE, JNV Mukhla, 73% Jerila Khonglah, Class XII, CBSE, JNV Lamin1,4% John Class XII, CBSE, JNV Head 86.4% Balarish Khongiong, Class XII, CBSE, JNV Head 89.8% Deimonmi Sana, Class XII, CBSE, JNV Head 72.6% Effloresce N Buam, Class Po XII, CBSE, JNV 94% HSSLC Head (Science) Govt.
Through this platform, residents can call Helpline No.1971 to report their problems.
For that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
The 14th Sports Meet organized by the Pasadwar Cluster for two days came to an end on Friday last month at Kamsing.
Shillong: MPCC President Vincent H Pala has supported the decision of the Congress MDCs to join hands with the NPP in the KHA DC, as the District Council and the state government are very different.
The Jowai Water Supply Project has a capacity of 7.59 MLD and has been allocated for 30 years, until 2034 to supply water to a population of 62,0
Brickstar Kharumnuid took two wickets for Thangsning.
The OC Blue SPL is also a special tournament in which it has returned as the biggest football tournament in the state after the pandemic of Covid-1
At the time of writing, the exact cause of the fire is still unknown.
However, almost immediately afterwards, there was a strong noise and when they reached nearby, they found the body and from the clothes they recognized that it was her brother. lying in the gutter.
Noting that many of them have left Imphal and some are still in the army barracks, he said that the Central Government security forces are helping them.
“We have made it clear to the Prime Minister that if there is any problem, we will resolve it and we will follow the right path with our government,” she said.
“It is true that in the elections, these parties have raised their hands on the campaign platform, and we have raised our hands on them, and this is not new, but you will find it in every election. ," he said.
The road was constructed at a cost of T.231 crore.
Those who drink alcoholic beverages do not even throw away the smoke in front of children.
Donbok Bamon and Nehlang Bareh scored in the 43rd and 67th minutes respectively.
He said that most of the time, as it is now, the Khasi people have to travel to school by their own vehicles, while other poor people have to travel by public transport.
In the final of the 2011 Cricket World Cup, he led India to the title after scoring 91 runs off 79 balls and was named man of the match. you're lying.
Imphal: Bloodshed in Manipur continued on Saturday morning in Churachanpur and Bishnupur districts, where heavy weapons were used to demolish buildings.
The Cyber ​​Cell of Delhi Police on Tuesday confirmed that it had received a call from an unidentified person threatening to kill Prime Minister Narendra Modi. , Union Home Minister Amit Shah and Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar.
Mawrie welcomed Bernard Marak and wished him swift recovery from the torments that he may have faced while in custody.
He was rushed to Woodland Hospital but his injuries were not serious and he was shifted to Guwahati Hospital.
The ground is a Futsal ground which includes 7-A-Side Futsal and 5-A-Side Futsal.
Your case is over.
The union also urged the government to cut down the trees instead of improving the road and suggested that other trees should be planted on both sides of the road. road which can preserve the trees and at the same time beautify the road throughout.
The party will come out to ensure that the agriculture sector, which aims to get the schemes of the central government through the BJP, will also benefit the private sector.
Leaders of FKJGP, A'chik Holistic Awakening Movement, Garoland State Movement Committee and A'chik Youth Welfare Organization have met with the officer of Chokpot Civil Sub-Divisional and handed over a letter to him. he is the source of life.
Speaking to media, Ri Bhoi Police Chief Giri Prasad said that after the tragic incident and the murder of the man, the police have not stopped conducting investigation and confirmation. Police have arrested two suspects including Bah Prince Abraham Sylliang (35) at 8 pm this morning. ) of Pahammawleiñ 20 mer, and Sushil Kurbah (72) of Kliar Umdap Duki village, Ri-Bhoi District under Nongpoh PS Case No. 26 (03) 2023 U/S 302 IPC. He said that the investigation is ongoing and the two persons have been sent to court. He also assured that the Ri-Bhoi Police will not allow crime to flourish in the district. peaceful.
There are strong feelings and there are strong feelings.
According to sources, the General Secretary of Pyndengumiong Village, Bah Lambok Nongrang, said that the incident happened at 3 pm, after people who were watching the dead body of a neighboring village. They saw the fire and smoke coming out of the house and immediately informed the village leaders and the villagers informed the fire brigade.
However, the employees of the Shillong By-PassDivision have not yet responded to the Public Information Act.
The Congress also condemned that this price increase is a source of inconvenience to the people.
Nongstoiñ, July 22: The District Sports Officer of West Khasi Hills District, Kong Balarina Syiem, has clarified many allegations regarding the screening of players for the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football this year. .
It is also clear that this is just a political enmity as even the house of Bernard Marak's mother was searched without any warrant.
He said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the DHS and District Medical and Health Officers (DM&HO) have employed thousands of people during the first outbreak of COVID-1 many have left their jobs only to be sent to the COVID-19 rooms.
As the Indian government prepares to sign the soskular on the demands of the Nagas, all Nagas should be prepared, said the statement, issued after the talks. no on 31st March
Champion was released from District Jail, Shillong at 3.30 pm today after completing all the necessary conditions.
In the hearing, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee directed the government to immediately auction the coal as there have been allegations from many that the coal has been mined. The illegal mining continues in the state and it is alleged that the coal being mined is the old coal.
Heibok Suting is a former UDP leader who has also contested as a candidate for the General Election to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
One of the rights of citizens is to be healthy and the right to health means the right to good and adequate health care.
SHILLONG: For the first time after a thorough investigation into the protest, a collection of documents for 20 years and after four meetings, the Advisory Committee on Legislation and Legal Issues, has decided to summon Bah John F. Kharshiing, Spokesperson, & Chairman, the Assembly of Chief Executive Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 4th June 2019, at the Conference Hall, KHADC, to explain the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement August 1948, in a meeting chaired by Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, Chairman, KHADC, in the presence of Bah Teinwell Dkhar, MDC, Chief Executive Member, KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC, Deputy Chief Executive Member, KHADC. KHADC, Titosswell Chyne, MDC, Executive Member, MDC, Executive Member, Lambor Malngaiang, MLA & MDC, Chairman, Advisory Committee, Administration and Financial Reforms, Chairman Sherbolang Mawlong, MDC, Chairman Affair Committee Youth Committee , Bah M Kharkrang, Secretary, Legislative, Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC, Leader of Opposition, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC, Shri. Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MDC Fantin Joseph Lakadong, MDC Gabrial Wahlang, MDC Carness Sohshang, KHADC Pleader R Kharjarin, KHADC Pleader Dr S Lamare and Dr BL Nongbri , Members, Advisory Committee and other officers of KHADC.
He added that the MLA of the constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has also met with the Minister of Home Affairs on this issue.
Shangpliang also denied the allegation that the BJP is against the minorities, saying that under the leadership of Modi, it has launched many schemes and said that there is a special department for the minorities. the minority section created under Modi’s leadership.
The two seriously injured include the driver of the motorcycle, Teibor Thyrniang, 34, and his friend Johnpaul Lyngkhoi, 21, of Nongbah Rangblang.
The lack of water will cause forty kinds of diseases.
When you proclaim the journey.
The Society was formed under the leadership of Bah Arwan Tariang who explained that the aim is to make Shillong a clean city.
He said that the Board has written to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima for some time now to take action to ensure that the people from Iewduh who shop in the market should not come to break garbage in the area. Municipal especially in Motphran but till now the Syiem has not responded to this issue.
“He said that at present, the RDA goes to the people to explain the issues and during the election campaign it spends more time to explain and explain to the people regarding these issues which have been pending for dozens of years. twenty years.
The time is not to destroy the environment or the medicinal plants but to learn how to use them so that they will not disappear from this earth because there are medicinal plants that are difficult to find even in this country. ri Khasi because of the excessive selfishness of the people without regard for the future.
He spoke on the tree that has three branches of Maïan Blei in Kiang, they are the spirit of patriotism and country, trust and hope, understanding, love and unity which are the strengths. they are not the ones who lead to the joy of life.
Assam Police today took the Waheh Chnong of Mowluber, Bah Gilbert Lapasam to the police station, but released him after the initiative of the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills. District of West Caribbean.
When God created man to be the seed, the owner and the builder of the household, you make him a child of the land, you honor the unrighteous.
Because the whole country of the state has been destroyed – the flood is in the mouth, if no one takes responsibility, we will drown.
Not only Ampareen, but Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of KHNAM, spoke in Khasi and alleged that there is a hidden plot in the speech of the Governor in Hindi. He said that it is a new issue for the Governor to speak in the Khasi language in the House.
One case came from Delhi, one from Guwahati and nine from Chennai.
So that you may prosper and receive blessings from the people as well as from God the Creator.
“Many incidents have happened in the past until the point where this has happened in Mukroh,” he said.
He urged the students that in their studies they should also have a strong desire and goal for their future.
Regarding the beauty of Kshaid Elephant, he said, “When anyone comes to Meghalaya, they should visit it. you Kshaid".
Rudra Singh Rathore scored 38 runs and Dipayan Nandi scored 35 runs.
According to a statement issued by the Meghalaya Carrom Association (MCA), for more information please call 9402190429, 8414093939,
Khliehriat, November 01: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the Mid-Day Meal Scheme has been distributed to schools in East Jaintia Hills District. April and November 2023, the rice is for Lower Primary Schools, Upper Primary Schools and Bal-Vatika for Pre-Primary Schools. currency.
“Two border markets at Balat and Kalaichar which are connected between Bangladesh and India fall under Meghalaya and two in Tripura.
The VPP has sent a statement expressing its strong opposition to the government's decision to allocate an additional 1.5 acres of land in addition to the 2.4 acres of land to the Harijans. She said that this protest is not against the employees of the Municipal but against all the Harijans living in Them Ïewmalong as many of them are illegally living in this area.
The daily problems faced by the people especially during the rainy months in the Ri War Mihngi have affected the small and heavy vehicles. They came to work without understanding the nature of the earth.
Regarding the incident, it was said that the man had committed the crime in a house which was unoccupied and in the same village. .
If you don't teach them today, where are you going to teach them? Or are they gods who know everything and can teach without any training? If new teachers are to be taught, where are those new teachers who have not yet seen even the vacancy announcement sign?
Mizoram has Article 371 G which is a special provision which means that the Central Act does not apply in these states.
There are political observers who say that the NPP is the only party which has received the status of National Party but it is afraid to contest MP elections from other states in the North East. Meghalaya is the only government.
The winners will be able to represent the State in the tournaments to be organized by the AIFF, but this has not happened.
He said tomorrow there will be a meeting with the DCs through video conferencing and the political parties in the afternoon to discuss the model code of conduct.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that it is a bad incident that the Assam police have arrested Michael Warjri and he will be arrested by the Assam police in Meghalaya.
Faithful : Faithful means to submit to the authority of others and trust means to know oneself that one is right without doubt or suspicion.
It is also suspected that they received the documents from Ampati village, South West Garo Hills.
The Ministry of Home Affairs said it had received a complaint from Dr Subramanian Swamy, in which he complained that there was a company called Backops Limited, which was recognized by the United Kingdom Government in Rahul is the Director and Secretary of the company.
At the same time, he praised Pathaan and said that the film has set a good example to many that even after the opposition and ban, it has become one of the highest grossing films. not only in India but also in other countries of the world.
The incident occurred at 3 pm this morning.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : After 18 months of closure of Tata Motors' dealership in Shillong, the company on Tuesday reopened its dealership at Mawblei in collaboration with the Tata Motors. Frank Motors.
The UDP Amlarem Circle also held an emergency meeting and decided to invite the supporters of independent MLA Ma Stephan Mukhim to support Bah Paul Lyngdoh in this election.
“To improve culture and income generation, it is necessary to conduct awareness programs especially in the remote villages.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Block 2, today expressed their regret over the suspension of development works from the Central Government through the State Government. Meghalaya and the development projects from the Assam government are going smoothly.
However, at the same time, the Chief Minister said that the empowerment of Rangbah Shnongs should not be in conflict with the authorities of district councils.
Her first round of the Olympics was on July 5, 2012 against Karolina Michalczuk of Poland and she won 19-1
The GNLA fighters seized 2,000 rounds of ammunition, 500 rounds of aircraft rounds, Medium Machine Guns (MMGs), pistols, AK-4 and the AK-56.
“We welcome and confirm that the Mawjynbuin Krem has been recognized by the Tourism Department as one of the world tourist attractions,” said the Vice President of KSKSM. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said P Dohling.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit on Saturday donated household items to St. Thomas Lower Primary School, Moolber.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 42, RBD: 3, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 4, WGH: 5, WJH: 3 and WKH:
According to the HYC Sohra, the price of pork in other places is T.240 per kilo while in Sohra it is T.240 tyngka per kilo. .280 rupees per kilogram.
This is not only before the MLA elections but also during the MDC elections.
The Nongstoiñ-Maweit road was constructed in 1963-64 during the Assam government and has been in existence for 58 years without being improved by Meghalaya.
The office also explained to the public that the power outage is also due to the construction of roads where there are places where the road passes through the middle of the line where the electrical signs are thicker. There is a risk that when the puh shilum digs the road, it may somehow collide with the signs or the collapse of the electrical posts, which can cause injuries not only to the road workers but also to those who walk on the road. stand up too.
The quarter final of the 2nd Division Football tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) started on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium with the victory of Mookyndur and Khliehiongriang.
Sarma said the incident at Mukhroh village had nothing to do with the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
This was announced by the Adviser to the Education Department, Bah HM Shangpliang, adding that the government stands on the basis of implementing the NEP. The Government stands firm to move forward with the implementation of the NEP and so far many colleges have moved forward with the implementation of this new policy.
Speaking to reporters, UDP MDC from Umsning, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that the CEM in charge of the Personnel Department has appointed people by removing those who have already worked before. They were appointed as peons on 31st November, on the grounds that the Council does not have enough funds.
The candidates for the 8th Nartiang-Umladang Constituency are Hederson Symblai (HSPDP), Moinasing Phyllut (NCP) and Thombor Shiwat (INC).
All of us MDCs who don't support that idea, but we have seen that there are many dangers, which have arisen from our own families, to become fathers of foreign workers within these 5-6 years. .
Shillong, July 2: The ARPA has decided to knock on the door of the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan to demand the repeal of the Village Administration Bill. People Democratic Forum (PDF).
Such baseless allegations not only endanger soldiers working in stressful conditions but also lead to avoidable conflicts.
Shillong, Naitung 8: Police today recovered the body of an unidentified person from Wah Kalaigaon, Borsora, South West Garo Hills.
The main issue they took to support the protest of the Rangbah Shnongs was on the grounds of illegal crossing of the boundary by MUDA in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
They also said that Bikram had joined ULFA-I in
North Garo Hills had the lowest pass percentage with 23.88%.
Shillong, Nailur 25: A meeting of AMSSASTA Ribhoi District Unit, which was held on the 24th of this month at Sajer, Nongpoh Ribhoi District, to discuss the issue of 4th Teachers. in the state and on the news that the government will transfer these posts from the UP Section to the LP Section across the state.
She is a destroyer.
Rajesh Magow, co-founder and CEO of MakeMyTrip said, “We believe in the transformation of energy in travel, through this scheme, we expect shall open this power for women to be the owners of households.
If the CMP doesn't exist in this government like in the MDA 1.0 government, there will always be conflicts among the Ministers because they don't know what to do and accomplish in five years. .
The minimum qualification for those who wish to apply for Cl VI-VIII should be B.A/B.Sc with at least 45% for ST/SC and 50% for General Candidates. and 2- year Diploma in Elementary Education in accordance with NCTE (recognition norms and procedure), regulation 2002.
HSS.The celebration concluded with the distribution of prizes to the winners of various competitions, including running in various categories, March Pass, Drama, Cricket and Football. same.
Through RTI, the KSU has also found that out of 23 government schools in the district from 23rd July, 2014 to 9th July 2015, 14 teachers have been appointed without qualifications. The KSU has demanded that the government should look into these 14 persons otherwise it will lodge a complaint in court.
They said that he told them that he too came from a family of farmers who used to farm pai in the state. in Maharshtra by saying that the farmers in the state are happy because the government has treated them well.
The ANTF Team last night of November 7, 2023 conducted a raid.
What does Meghalaya need now? (i) to strengthen the land tenure law to ensure the ownership of land by the villagers, to strengthen the environmental protection laws and to abolish the single window policy.
“The government has not found or received any complaint that HITO has committed an illegal act and therefore the charge under IPC 34 is also wrong,” the statement said.
Nongpoh: All the drivers and owners of commercial vehicles, who are members of the JAC All Ri-Bhoi Passenger Vehicle Association, today went to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi. They have assisted the District Administration during the Covid-19 pandemic and during the elections as well.
Inter Milan have reached the Champions League final for the first time in 13 years after beating AC Milan in the semi-finals.
Shillong, July 10: A 64-year-old Susil Sinha, resident of Mawblei, Shillong, has been diagnosed with a stroke. Madanrting, Shillong was admitted to Geriatric Hospital, Bed No.1 on November 30, 2023 and passed away on July 6, 2024 at 7:20 pm.
The number of cases in India has risen to 78,760 in the past 24 hours, while the death toll has risen to
Pala said the desire of the authorities to punish these MLAs is not because they have decided to join any party, but because the MLAs have violated the rules. of the party without informing their superior authorities.
“Tell me exactly what happened between Bah Let and your family in the past,” said the father. I want to know so that I can understand the reason...” replied the father. Because of the pressure of her husband, Kong Lumspah could not refuse to tell the stories that had happened since she was young and unmarried.
He said that in fact the allocation of land to the Hindus in Mahadev Khola was only for the construction of a temple but these believers have violated the agreement by building houses and other buildings. Illegal construction without any permission from the government department especially the Forest Department.
Debasmita Dutta took wickets for 3/33 in 4 overs, including Pondicherry's leading batsman E. Kavisha for 74 runs, while Rebeldalis Syiemlieh took 1/15 for 4 overs. Monica Lyngdoh Phawa and Suriti Kumari Ray scored 14 runs each for Meghalaya.
At the time of writing, about 27,000 people have been severely affected in six districts.
Vehicles will travel on the first day, with numbers ending in 4, 5 & 6, on the second day, ending with numbers 7, 8 & 9, on the third day ending with numbers , 1 & 2 and on the fourth day, ending in numbers 3, 4 &
At present, the KHUDA leaders have admitted that they have a majority of 15 MDCs which is enough to overthrow the CEM seat. He said that all the 17 MDCs are still in the party.
Bah AL Hek, who was the chief guest, while honoring W Gunita Devi who scored 100% in Mathematics, urged her and the students to spend more time and energy in their studies. study in order to receive the fruit of victory in the life to come.
The All India Zendokai Karate Federation (AIZKE) which held the 6th National Zendokai Championship 2023 at Kokrajhar, Assam has been recognized as one of the Karate Federations of India recognized by Karate India. Organization (KIO), Delhi.
In the second half, Lajong had many corners and free-kicks but all ended in goal attempts.
Nongstoiñ, July 07: U Bah B.Marngar, one of the prominent contractors in the Nongstoiñ area, on Tuesday said that in the past, the contractor job has been a very profitable job for everyone who has register contracts in government offices such as PWD, PHE, Water Resources and other government departments.
1010 bottles of Phensydel were seized from the vehicle.
“The Eucharistic Procession is to worship, sing, praise and thank God and who gave Himself to us through His Body and Blood.
Nongstoiñ, July 15: The District School Education Officer, West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Mission Coordinator, SSA today held a Jan Bhagidari programme. Events on the theme of Ensuring Foundational Literacy and Numeracy Especially in Blended Learning", at a program held at Vanni's Hall, St.Peter's Higher Secondary School, Pyndengrei, Nongstoiñ.
This morning, the KSU has set out to build residential buildings in the area after the government's 15 days deadline has expired to evict the residents of the area.
“I want to bring a Maternity and Child Hospital in this constituency because of the high infant mortality rate.
In Samaria – Simon saw that by the laying on of the hands of the Apostles, the Holy Spirit was given to them.
The Prime Minister has just responded to the government's feelings on this issue,” she said.
The Open Arm Wrestling Battle was organized by Samla Malki.
On this issue, Bah Adelbert said that he is ready to meet next month at his office to discuss these issues. to set the conditions for working within the District Council, in order to obtain the cooperation of all parties.
Brigadier KVK Prakash inaugurated the Center in the presence of officers of the Assam Rifles, Urban Department, KWRC staff, members of the Executive Committee of the Village, residents and others.
“We consider the Northeast an important part of the country.
On the same day, the school also honored all its students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC (Arts and Science) examinations
Shillong, November 16: A truck driver named Kor Phawa has died shortly after his truck overturned on the 14th of this month at 4 pm.
After a few days of closure, the Government Lower Primary School, Mawthawpdah was inaugurated on 07.03.2023 by the DSEO office and other officers in the presence of Bah Sparlindro L.Marshilong. the residents.
The statement also questioned the state government, saying that if the government is concerned about the spread of COVID-19 and concerned if people die from COVID-19, then why don't they He said that if the government is concerned that people will get sick or die from COVID-19, it should also understand the death toll that will come. If this is the case, many employees of GHADC will die of starvation due to lack of salary.
Mother often struggles between death and life.
However, the ban on two-way traffic through this road has caused a lot of trouble to the villagers who have to travel far away.
However, Radhakrishnan's knowledge and talent forced his father to send him to a small school in his own village.
But make sure you never add sugar as it raises above blood sugar levels.
The notice was issued by the Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Assam, Niraj Verma.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Syiem and the Hima Mylliem said that the invitation to the church leaders was through the newspapers as they did not receive the names of the churches who were buried in the Mawpat Forest. There is a record in the Hima and the invitation is only to know which churches and to ask them whether their collection is by purchase or by donation.
In this regard, those present urged the relevant authorities to take action in this regard.
Eugene said that if the people give their full support and if he wins he will have to leave football, because the work of public administration is a difficult and necessary task. to the acceptance.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, John F Kharshiing and the General Secretary, Finely L Pariat, said that according to the estimates, the state government needs to provide 100,000 kyats per year. A grant of not less than Rs 50 crore.
Why do only a few members of those parties take decisions that will affect our future? The reason is that many of us don't want to express our feelings in the right places.
In July, the number of tourists and tourists to Hong Kong fell by about 3 percent compared to the previous four years.
The Court directed the defendant to take into account the request of the plaintiff to take into consideration the isolated areas before installing streetlights in other areas.
Earlier, Bah GK Ïangrai had been granted bail in several cases.
Police immediately sent men to Mawryngkneng to search for the suspect and after a while they arrested Marvin Jyrwa along with three of his friends, Meibifil Buam (22), Khrawboklang. Kharkongor, 29, and Aiborlang Laitmon, 28, were arrested.
Nongstoiñ: The 2nd Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament 2018-19 has reached its second round and the first match was between Laban SC and Nongrim Hills SC. and Laban obtained the victory.
Thus man is like an angel, and there is no longer that marriage because man in the body has become a spirit in the spirit. For this reason, man is a spirit.
"No, you're dark," said Lydia's father. "No, Ma, I want to see your work.
The CEC congratulated the EC, Rajiv Kumar on his appointment as the new Chief Election Commissioner.
Where are the MLAs who should speak in the Ing Dorbar and where is the government? Where will you go? Laitkor is in the countryside, even the people have to buy water.
The ground floor of the Governor's residence was decorated with dielectric lights on trees, flowers and water that flowed upwards through electricity.
The KSU leaders have lodged an FIR against the suspect.
Marriner, 52, took charge of Arsenal's 5-0 win over Wolves on Sunday.
Shillong: The greatest happiness in the world is the ability to use the talents that God has given us, said John W Gardner.
He said that in fact the price of dewbilat should be lower than the price in Assam in Meghalaya as the companies have received a lot of assistance from the state government.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 28: The price of biscuits has declined steadily with the passing of the days.
He said that NESO calls for the restoration of peace and at the same time urged the Government to take action against these incidents and to maintain peace and order and arrest the perpetrators. bad.
It is worth mentioning that the Government has allocated 759 LMT of food items to be distributed under PM-GKAY until Phase V. Through another 244 LMT of food items to be distributed under Phase VI of this project. Under the PM-GKAY scheme, the distribution of food items is 1,003 LMT.
This is often a good thing, as too much water in the soil can also damage plants.
The UDP MLA from West Shillong constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also a Minister in the State Government, said that the people look better at the cow in the field than at the cow in the field.
This means that the Dkhars no longer need the NOC and Trading License from the KHADC when they come to do business.
B.Paka Najiar, Youth Service Director and Rtn.
Investigation by the Inspector General of Police (Law and Order) MK Singh revealed that there were 29 vehicles used by AIG (A) GK Iangrai. before June 2022 without any approval from the higher authorities.
Governments are afraid when they speak of these things.
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 66,358 in the past 24 hours.
The Court acknowledged that the Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Christians, Parsis, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in these countries have been severely discriminated against and have nowhere to go.
"We can attack the White House and we will attack directly on American territory," Aboutorabi said.
On the allegation that Bah Pynshngain N Syiem is acting alone, Bah Hamlet said that it is up to them and their understanding, but he and others joined the PDF to serve the PDF. nation and state.
On the part of the Campus Director, Shankar Kumar Jha, while congratulating all the participants from different colleges and schools, he said that next year they hope to be able to hold this tournament. which is even higher.
Nongpoh, June 09: The Ri-Bhoi Tourism & Environmental Development Forum (RBTEDF) today celebrated its 100th anniversary. 10 years of history of the group since its inception in
In the East, West, South West and Jaintia Hills we don't have wildlife sanctuaries and if it is necessary the government should think about it.
Shillong, March 16: Police today arrested a man who used to steal the signatures of the Deputy Commissioner and is believed to be accused of stealing the signatures of many people. that they may not be thy enemies.
Beriwal is the founder of NE Greene Origins and has worked closely with the farmers of the state, and gradually she has started meeting and working with all the farmers in the North East.
The program was conducted by AVENUES, Shillong but so far this year more than 64,000 youths from 332 schools have participated in the Meghalaya Youth Survey and more than 13,000 students have participated in the Meghalaya Youth Survey. from across 62 institutions that have learned from the programme.
The suspension of the examination is in accordance with the directive of the education department of the state government.
Aquarium boxes and ornamental fish were also distributed to four colleges in the district, namely, Tirot Singh Memorial College, Tirot Singh Memorial College, Khatsawphra College, Mairang Presbyterian Science College and Mawkyllei College.
Uttarakhand Home Minister Satpal Maharaj has tested positive for the coronavirus.
According to a statement from the President of Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS), Dr. Phervision Nongtdu, who was the chief guest, said: He said that it is very important to be visionary, to be wise to take care of, to preserve the resources in the environment. People from Khliehriat and other places come to Sonapyrdi to eat at the Hotel, because they like to eat the fish caught from the Lukha River. Speakers at the opening ceremony included the Chief Guest, Bah Minot Lapasam, Professor, D.Siangshai (JEC), Sonapyrdi Village Head, Edimon Lamare, Sonapyrdi Village Secretary, Daiapherbha Lamare, S. Lamare, Assistant Sonapyrdi Village Head, Devander Bansal.
In Meghalaya, there was no incident but in Tripura, there were many people who appeared in duplicate names. They rushed to Tripura to resolve the issue.
So far, no one has asked for help with class enrollment and they have done it on their own.
“It is true that there was a shooting by another policeman during the clash between the people and the police because I was also there, but I cannot say whether it was a real bullet or a plastic bullet,” said Robertjune. Expenditure.
He said that in 2004, only 10 sports were held and the MSOA wants to increase the number of sports because in the national games, there are 36 sports and this time, it has been held. to increase to 14 sports categories.
How, then, can we have a righteous and perfect government? We must understand that we are not talking about perfection here, the question is whether we are far or close to the principle of God, that is important.
Dr. Helen said, “Thadlaskein block is an area where there is a shortage of health services especially for those residents who live in the more remote areas. page.
“It's not enough to be literate, you have to have all kinds of qualities, worldly knowledge is also necessary,” said Ollan.
In 1988, the Rt.
Bah Lamphrang said that the time to reshuffle the EC is no longer meaningful as the time is near for the elections next year and now is the time to reshuffle the work.
The purpose of the roster system is that all the Garo who have not passed the examinations to apply for jobs and therefore the 40% that belongs to them has not been filled at all and now all the remaining will have to be filled.
Last year, the State Government tried to implement the Roster System without paying attention to Clause 2 of the State Reservation Policy which states that “If there is a shortage of applicants, If they are not eligible or pass from that grade and year, this post cannot be carried forward to another year.
After the Meghalaya High Court ordered not to accept the NOC from the Rangbah Shnong, the office has accepted the certificates such as birth certificate, EPIC of parents of school children, ration card, MeCEL bill. , you bill.
For example, a 20 minute city will be developed where neighbors will get something within 20 minutes to take a commute.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, Bah H Khongthaw, the road was constructed by the contractors Bah Hep Khongtim.
It should be reminded that the Congress government has ruled Meghalaya for about 38 years.
His rule is an everlasting kingdom, and his kingdom one that shall not be destroyed" Daniel 7:11-1
The Moderator of the Presbytery, TBn.
It can also reduce hyperpigmentation and sunburn.
The story of the shepherds on the mountain is shocking.
" Those who are dead, think that they are not dead, it is reasonable.
The Congress today held a condolence meeting at Congress Bhavan, Shillong after learning of the death.
Without cooperation and reciprocity, employment opportunities cannot be created in Meghalaya.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umdohlun Circle has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District demanding an independent inquiry into the suspicion of uranium mining in Jynrin, Mawthabah.
BSF and police sources said that the seizure of these cows took place on 21st June at 2:30 pm while BSF troops were patrolling the India-Bangladesh border.
U Tre-kirot, in order to hold this Behdeiñkhlam religious festival, has already ordered Niaw-wasa Niaw wasung, the son of Niewtrep Niewskum, to be a righteous dancer with a spirit of knowledge. stone, wood, beer, hand, with the sound of the ksing and tangmuri.
In Tura, West Garo Hills, the Chief Guest, Prestone Tynsong, was the chief guest.
The KSU urges the police to arrest immediately all 10 persons and others involved in the bombing of this Khasi youth. The KSU is ready to lend its right hand and willingness to investigate and punish these kharmetor from Goraline, Laitumkhrah.
Dishant Buragohain (Assam) won the gold medal in the 100m freestyle in 56.16 seconds, followed by Angshuman Kashyap of Assam in 56.66 seconds.
Rupa M Marak, said that the transformer in the village of Kantanaggre has been in darkness for more than a year. village, you are lost.
They were driving a two wheeler from Dangerpora to Mallora and when they saw the police conducting a thorough check, they tried to flee the scene but were arrested. strength of police enforcement agencies.
“On the 5th of November, we will gather again in Shillong and we will announce a stronger protest if the government does not respond within these days,” said Bah Nongsiang.
“Explain your anti-government views, you have seen recently how the Prime Minister has introduced a Budget for the people but you are still thinking about it.
According to the SP City , all four persons were arrested for robbery and theft , while Pynshai Rani , also known as Pynshai Kharbani , was arrested There have been 21 cases registered against him.
Volunteers from NSS, NCC and NYK from Nongstoin College and St. Francis Diocese College Seijlieh attended the training.
Kharkongor said this while speaking at a workshop on prevention of rape and other illegal activities against children held on Saturday at Yojana Bhavan, Main Secretariat.
This group of demon worship misleads the youth especially those people who have lost their lives, who want to get things in an easy way such as wealth, passing examinations and others.
“The government and the political parties should be prepared to be ready to talk,” said the CEM and said the government should listen to the requests of other groups.
Ma Synnah said that he has informed all the officers through their whatsapp group and all the officers have expressed their readiness to help Kamphereiei Pala to achieve his goals and aspirations.
This cream has not yet been filled.
Once again, I would like to request you that this film 9 Lad, has been released again now, please go and watch it.
However, there have been some villages where some of the ration recipients have insisted that the price of T.3 should be calculated and the distributors have to comply.
What the Jews or Israel experienced in the days of the prophets is also happening in these last days.
Ahmedabad, Jymn 06: Mumbai Knights FC have scored their first goal to beat Sports Odisha 2-1 in the Group A of the Indian Women's League (IWL) 2023 on Saturday. match on Saturday at Transstadia.
The purpose of the celebration of this day is to raise awareness among the public on the importance of statistics, record keeping in everyday life and how to set an example or create opportunities and bring about economic development.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today expressed his concern over the rapid spread of Covid-19, the Delta Variant to other districts where 70 to 80 people have been infected in the state alone. In the past few days, 3 districts have been affected by this virus.
“I think the people will not be wrong anymore. They have made a mistake and now they should leave the BJP,” he said.
“As the Government of India has re-imposed the lockdown across the country until 17th July 2020, the Government of Meghalaya has no intention of reopening schools in the state,” he said. Prestone Tynsong.
The inspection was attended by Bah Dmanson Thongny Morbah, President, Rangbah Shnong of Pyndenwar and other village leaders.
Referring to the mother, Tira T Sangma, at first she refused to go to the hospital but after receiving a detailed explanation about the dangers of childbirth, she decided to go to the hospital at the request of her husband. she trembled and accepted to go.
Some people when they get angry they cannot control themselves, and this leads to evil and tragic events, and this becomes a sin for that person or persons.
The match between the two teams ended without any goal in the first half.
It is only through Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who died on the cross,” said the 27-page directive. “It is unacceptable,” said the rule, which was made public a month ago.
This program is also part of the efforts to encourage and motivate the youth as well as the residents as a whole.
It is learned that the bullet was used by those who stole the police pistol.
Many of the issues he raised in Parliament are pending.
Speaking to reporters at the party headquarters in Shillong after the meeting, the President of the MPCC, who is also the party's candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, said: He said that the meeting today was held between the District Presidents of the party in the state to share and seek the opinion of the party workers.
“We want to provide adequate drinking water to every village and every household.
Many questions and comments have been raised on the 24% figure as it is not a publicly announced figure, but it has just been discussed and a question has also been raised by Bah Embhah on the price of the figure. tender, which the EM in charge of the department does not know the tender value.
The British have abolished the Syiemship of Jaintia Hills and only the Daloi have been appointed. Although there is no Syiem in Jaintia Hills because it has become a British Area, Dr. John Roberts feels that the Jaintia Hills has they are within the boundaries of the same nation.
To have a clear rule that if the Executive Dorbar Hima Mylliem does not convene the Hima Dorbar within 31st December, the Elaka Department shall convene the Annual Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem Dorbar within two months.
They are afraid that if they want to leave the government, the MLAs will not.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The opposition MLAs in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly have decided not to pay up to 10 months salary to the refugees of Uttarakhand as requested by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 11: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS today launched the Immunization App. children and it is also expected that all children born from April 2022 should receive all the injections in which the health workers are pleased to monitor through this App.
“Do you have to send the people or the organizations to check the water? – because if you don’t, the Government will stick around and this doesn’t fit.
After the completion of the construction of the house, the Seng Khasi Khasi Kmie, Rangbah Arwan Singh Tariang and Rangbah O. Pyngrope, Vice Presidents of the Seng Khasi Kmie, handed over the house. In the presence of leaders of the Khasi Tyrsad, Nongshat Nongkheiñ and several leaders of the Khasi Kmie.
Shillong, March 19: The National People's Party (NPP) Sohra Constituency through its Secretary Bah Alex Diengdoh has denied reports that the National People's Party (NPP) will not contest from Sohra for the 2023 MLA elections.
JERUSALEM: Israeli warplanes have destroyed a 12-story building in Gaza, the headquarters of Hamas militants.
The party said that the Congress leader's remarks show that the party itself does not understand the consequences of such remarks and said that the MDA government is still looking for a solution. The Congress party wants to increase the number of Taliban in front of the country by accusing the Taliban.
“All these need to be looked after within one Composite Regional Centre.
Justice S
At present, about 10 teams of NDRF and State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) personnel have been involved in the relief and rescue operations from many villages.
At present, the nation is in great danger of being invaded by foreigners, therefore to allow them is very difficult, the most difficult thing is that one day they will get “To knieh the Khadar rule, which means that the jaidbynriew will disappear completely,” said Bah Rani.
“When I hear the stories from the residents, it is sad to hear that they are the victims of attacks from Assam,” said Dr Sangma. .
Nongmensong-A beat Golflink-B 3-0 in the first match of the 2022 Football Tournament.
They also said that the implementation of the Act is a violation of the rights of the minorities living in the North Eastern States.
The market vendors were happy and peaceful and had no fear even in the dark night.
The Convener, SAKSHAM, Governing Council Member NILD, Kolkata, Mithun Roy, said that these have a special talent, therefore they have a special difference. They shall not be made prisoners in the house.
Speaking to media, UDF Chairman Pynshain N Syiem said that the central government has allocated T.182 crore to the District Councils in the state.
At the same time to help the Nepalis to expand the Assam kingdom by occupying the lands of the Khasi.
The forecast shows that the NPP will get 18-24 seats, the Congress 6-12 seats, the BJP 4-8 seats, the UDP 8-12 seats, the TMC 5-8 seats and other parties each. and that constituency.
When the price of their agricultural products drops too much, they can no longer deliver them to the market and leave them until they rot and the drinking water is not adequate, the footpaths and so on.
I have tried to work but it all depends on the people".
Mawkyrwat, June 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has raided and dismissed the workers of the construction of two Coke Factories in Nongjri and Kulang villages. The Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat to ban the construction of these factories in Mawkyrwat. this district.
The Minister also visited the MCH Hospital in Nongstoin, the TB Hospital in Nongstoin, the Civil Hospital in Nongstoin and others.
Leaders who attended the meeting included the National Boro Christian Council (NBCC), Assam Baptist Convention (ABC), Boro Baptist Church Association (BBCA), Karbi Anglong Baptist Convention (KABC), All Manipur Christian Organization (AMCO). ), Catholic Church, UCF Karbi Anglong, Nagaland Joint Christian Forum (NJCF), North Bank Baptist Christian Association (NBBCA), Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF), Christ Church Guwahati (CNI), Assam Christian Forum (ACF), CCFNEI , Boro Baptist Convention (BBC), said in a statement, Rev Dr EH Kharkongor, Recording Secretary.
BJP Delhi chief Virendra Sachdeva, MPs including Parvesh Verma, Manoj Tiwari, former Union Minister Vijay Goel took part in the protest along with BJP supporters. with the presence of a police contingent maintaining security.
“Dame Dhar, Gabbar Issback and Kong Mera have spread false news against us through social media with the intention of defaming us. to us.
Not less than 40,000 witnesses attended the ceremony at the holy place where the children of the Niam-Tre brought the 'Rong' to be shown to the public before breaking them.
He added that the government's initiatives have shown good results.
In this government we have experienced an increase in unemployment among our youth so we must remember that these will be necessary lessons and should not happen again.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister expressed the hope that at this meeting tomorrow evening, it will be able to bring about any decision that will be able to. agree so that the issue of resolving the border can move forward.
It was not until the 5th that he was found by the people near the market in Mawkyrwat at about 11 pm.
Sawmer scored the two goals in the second half when Shining Nongdhar scored in the 11th minute and Rheadolf N Daloi in the 30th minute.
On the issue of recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​by including them in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution of India, the UDP has said that it will not follow up on the resolution that has already been passed by the UDP. the state assembly.
Shillong: Langsning FC beat Nangkiew Irat 4-1 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at Polo Ground, Shillong.
“Such action not only undermines our confidence in the Government but can also affect the efforts to bring about a lasting reconciliation,” he said.
Speaking to media after inspecting the site, u Bah Metbah said that this initiative has been made since last years after a long vision that agriculture is essential. to the people.
The EJHDFA has announced that the renewal will start from 12th July and end on 17th July.
“The MHRC, Shillong has taken note of the complaint signed by the President and Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (MHRC) against the allegation of assault by the 2nd OC of Pynursla Police Station against the President of Riwar. On 26th June, members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (EKH) against the 2nd Pynursla Police Station OC George Dkhar on charges of insulting and shooting two members of the party at Pynursla Police Station on 24th June.
Dulong beat Evergreen Mukhla 3-1 while Mookyrdup beat Mookyndur 1-0
When inspecting the area, it was found that as soon as they reached Patharkhmah, there was a special place for foreigners and so on to Warmawsaw, Umsohbar and other villages. In this area, the curfew does not only affect foreigners, but also for people from the same area, who are not allowed to enter or leave their homes. sem without proper reasons.
Furthermore, the visit and assistance of the members of the organization, has encouraged the teachers and the residents of the village who said that this is the first time that someone has come to visit, talk and help the people of the area.
The churches have nothing to do with politics but we are talking about strengthening democracy,” he said.
I have sought the promised allocation to the people of the state,” said Bah Hek.
Nongpoh: The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District, today announced that public vehicles are now allowed to operate, where the Department of Transportation, has issued rules on the rules and regulations for the operation of vehicles.
The newly elected office bearers of EKHDCA include KM Warjri as President, Vice President, Rijied Katrai (Secretary), Sumar Selon Ki Khonglah (Joint Secretary), Nobleman Wanniang ( The members of the Executive Committee include Amit Saraf, Alisha Lyngdoh, Aitilynne Diengdoh, David Nongbet and F. Thangkhiew.
“I am not like others who just contest elections, but I am a public servant, whether I get paid or not.
“These are the same words, the same stories, the same promises and the same tactics that Mukul Sangma used when he was the prime minister,” said the statement.
The total number of cases has risen to 397 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
Besides, the CEO said that they have also taken steps to ensure the turnout of the voters in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
In the first half, Ïatyllilang Football Club beat MPUF Wapung Unit 5-2
The BJP from the state has won only two seats, Sanbor Shullai from South Shillong and Alexander Laloo Hek from Pynthorumkhrah.
In the petition, the NSUI said that during this time of pandemic, the people are in great distress, some have not even received food and life will be as usual.
On the one hand, the presence of people who have completed their education in various fields of politics helps to know more about the origin of shaki.
He said that even if the cases against the HNLC members have to be dropped, there are many rules that have to be followed.
The IIPS report was written by three researchers who studied the findings of the National Family Health Survey (NFHS).
Same Syngkon scored the first goal for Moodymmai in the 61st minute.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Talent Search Organization (MTA) today announced that they will soon start the audition for the 'Meghalaya's Got Talent Season
The Khasi father marries three women of different races.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Salmanpara, Ian Botham K Sangma, MLA Baghmara, Kartush R Marak, MLA Chokpot, Sengchim N Sangma and MDCs from these constituencies.
More than 2500 participants took part in the Guwahati Half Marathon which was held on Sunday 9th.
“You can imagine, if I lose, what will my life be like and what will I do?” he said.
There were 16 students who received awards in sports and the organization distributed awards to 44 students who excelled in examinations and grades.
In a statement sent by Bah Phrangkupar Sohtun, Organizing Secretary of the union, the union said that the presence of revenue collection points of the District Council on many roads in Bhoi, has caused a lot of trouble to the villagers who carry construction materials. households, carrying wood to build houses and also agricultural products.
Himalaya said that since yesterday he has had a 10-day discussion with the Minister of Education, as well as today and he said that there are many other meetings to bring back the education at the level that the people desire.
Have you not thanked yourselves?
“There is no truth in Pelcy's allegation that I and my team have tried to campaign against Danggo in the upcoming elections,” he said.
The FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District has given its full support to the Thangskai Dorbar Shnong for its protest against the import of plastic waste by the Dalmia Cement Factory from outside the state.
The complaint was lodged with the SP of East Jaintia Hills District.
Phoh snow doesn't get a car, and when you're surprised, you don't have an empty vehicle.
Dennerby continued to produce players with Renu, Michel Castanha and Dangmei Grace replacing Indumathi, Sangita and Sandhiya.
Tura, Naitung, 17: The Garo Labor Corps Day on Saturday was celebrated in memory of the Garo heroes who went to France to help the army in the First World War. .
Because we are all involved in politics.
Besides, it was learned that several villages in the Mawlangsu area such as Nongriat, Nginiong, Mawlangsu and Nongbudum in the MDC election, may fall into the Rambrai area.
EAC and Secretary of Nongstoin Town Committee, Sordar of Upper New Nongstoin, school children and others.
Dr. Phervision in his speech said that as the JSU is a student union, he urged the leaders to pay close attention to the demand for CUET Examination Center in the State so that the students can avoid going abroad. the State.
Pophang Khonglah of Sohkha won the title in the Men's Single after defeating Saman Sapoh of Sutnga. In the final, Lumlang Shadap and Christopher Dhar of Umkiang won the title. Pophang of Sohkha and Rimiki Lamare of Lumshnong.
Aditya Singh top scored with 65 runs, Drabest Marak with 45 runs and Gilseng Momin with 34 runs. Ralseng Marak took 3 wickets for 17 runs and Cheng Shrang Marak took 3 wickets for 53 runs. NGH needed 59 runs to score 142 runs to score again.
Shillong: Although the injection against corona virus has been progressing in the state, it has been seen that the number of cases of corona virus has increased again in the state in these days.
At the same time, the police have stepped up patrols around the area, especially in the city and in those areas where there may be riots.
The arrested persons, along with others involved, had planned to revive these groups on the orders of Pakistani militants, police said.
Pynthorlangteiñ, on the other hand, scored the first goal through Belson Lipon in the 78th minute.
India scored 209.205 points, which was higher than China, which came second with 204.882 points.
The General Council will discuss issues necessary for the development of the region and the Khasi Jaintia people and other issues necessary.
Therefore, what we see now is that nearly 25 MLAs have left their respective parties to contest from the new party.
He said that the party has come forward to seek information on these issues before they appoint to avoid protests after they have been appointed.
Bloodstream infection, home birth, premature birth or low birth weight are also factors leading to IMR. Lyngdoh said that the death of newborns is also due to the late arrival at the health centres.
I have also issued an order that those who do not have a license should be removed from these places”.
Marak, who is from Rongtok village in Shallang, was arrested by the residents of Joksongram when he entered the village to steal a motorcycle. Marak was handed over to the police on Saturday night along with the stolen motorcycle.
“You should forget these good deeds of the MDA government,” he said.
The Government should improve the quality of agricultural products such as biscuits, pig feed factories, sohsaw should be imported sauce factories, riewhadem should be imported. the cornflakes factory, the chips factory and the jam and umsoh factory.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 24: The SRT has demanded that the Governor should not sign or approve the bill that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent to confirm the ethnic identity of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Khasi Pnar people in the mother, is something unacceptable, because it is a byrsieh and will immediately destroy the dorbar kur, which were founded by our ancestors since ancient times, through the Ïawbei and u Thawlang, said Badariti Lyngdoh, President of the HSPDP Women Wing.
“There is one who has not received his birth certificate, he was born in 2003, while the birth certificate was received in
Speaking to media, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP, said that the allegation by Bah Donkupar Sumer that the UDP party has been insulting and has not taken into account the party's position is merely true. He said that he wanted to leave the party and as the party he did not have any feelings but they were ready to accept the decision of the party. They have no reason to resign from the party and as the party they have no reason against them.
The priest, who is in charge of the Idukki diocese of Syro-Malabar, was dismissed from his post on Tuesday, a few hours after he joined the diocese. Fr Kuriakose Mattam has joined the BJP from the President of the party in Idukki district, U KSA Ji.
SK Dewkhaid said that the police arrived at the village to seize the body after receiving a tip from the owners of the Kur through the Officer in Charge (OC) and the The Block Development Officer (BDO) also phoned the police chiefs.
He first won the MLA seat in 1988 from the HSPDP and continued until
What is happening now? “I have been told by the members that they still have to go to the courts on the cases against them,” said Dr Mukul.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30 : The HSPDP has acknowledged that the youth living in the border villages are more determined to know more about the issue of Khasi Jaintia State or the issue of Khasi Jaintia State.
This looks at the classification of aquifers based on scientific knowledge, their mapping, and surveys to understand the availability and development processes of mechanisms to oversee the management of this water.
The incident has not caused much damage and the fire has not been extinguished properly, due to the early arrival of the Fire & Emergency Services of Nongpoh.
It is on this basis that the Hindu Maha Sabha has tried to use only one language in India.
When we joined, they said that the UDP is the losing party but what we see now is that the UDP is the party to win and we will win and we will lead the Government”.
The award was presented by the Governor at his residence at Raj Bhavan.
So the people who lived in the village, when the ur fell, they used to call him for treatment.
These vehicles include two garbage trucks, a water truck, Organic Waste Converters and Baling Machine at a meeting held at the JMB office in Khimusniang. , Jowai.
However, his desire grew stronger and stronger as the days and years went by.
However, his joining the NPP has upset all the supporters.
Everyone who attended the meeting said that the NPP leaders should contest in Shella constituency as it is an opportunity for the party to win after the death of the party. Dr. Donkupar Roy, MLA of the constituency.
There are no cases that can be resolved without the consent of the victims.
The motor (Pisum arvense) is probably the least known in Khasi-Jaintia.
The house was inaugurated and blessed by Fr. Michael Sun Parish Priest of Umkadhor Parish, in the presence of Bah Andreas Tron Sordar of Umkadhor, Center Doloi President FKJGP Western Zone, Bah Receive Pator President KSU Western Zone. Good morning Pator Sordar Nongdom and other elders and women of the village.
Rakhe was born in Lamlynti V.O, Thailand.
In Meghalaya, Hindi is one of the MIL subjects like Khasi and English is one of the compulsory subjects.
“As you have seen in this election, from Khasi Hills, the NPP has won how many seats, we see that as a nation, we have not accepted this party,” he added.
The laws passed by the State Government have been seen not to provide for the safety and security of the people, but only the laws of the taxi drivers, where even the owner also, he shall not earn any more.
He said that whatever decision the Council will take can come from the discussion tomorrow at the meeting of the 30 MDCs. The Village Administration Bill has been passed by the Council and also approved by the State Government through the DCA. Pynshngain said it is the custom of the Governor to send back the Bill for clarification. He said that it is the DCA that will clarify these issues, but he said that he has a strong hope that the Governor will pass the law because it is the what the people want.
The High Court has found that Meghalaya has not implemented the RS. “The High Court has directed the State Government to implement the matter since the implementation of the Reservation Policy 1972 and the State Government has not challenged the Court's order,” he said. Well Adelbert.
Bekanang SS beat Dobasipara SS 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Shillong, July 25: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday said that they are awaiting the report of the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Services. Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) on the death of a young woman at the hospital recently.
The woman, who lost her husband, Yogendra Paswan, said she had difficulty waiting for the recovery of his body, as the authorities had waited for her. In order to get the report, she said that she left three children in the village and took only two sons to this place.
In a letter of resignation sent to the President of the party, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, Dr. Paul said that the reason is because he is unhappy to see what is happening in the party regarding the suspension of the party. without any grounds against Bah Pyniaid without any proper reasons.
“What a discussion, we have not found that it will go smoothly except for technical issues and we will resolve them one by one.
The same is true of smartphones.
Almost all of them are farmers who produce their own crops.
Meanwhile, Kong Agnes told of the incident of a 14-year-old girl, who was raped at the Marvelene Inn Hotel in Rilbong by the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
“A strong law was needed to curb the problem of human migration.
Kongthong village in Sohra 12 villages, which has only about 140 households and less than 700 inhabitants, has no market, no hotels to accommodate tourists, no tourist attractions, but only Because the BJP MP from Bihar has come and shown that way that the villagers understand the ideas, he has been awarded the fourth place (Medal Rnong-Bronze), as the top village. National Tourist Awards 2023.
The court also noted that those at the forefront of the implementation of various schemes are seven powerful and prominent football players in the North East. They include former CONMEBOL president Nicolas Leoz, former Argentine Football Federation executive Julio Grondona and former Brazilian Football Federation president Ricardo Teixeira.
The residents of the village said that the loss of the transformer is the reason for the complaint. They said that the loss of electricity in the village happens even when the transformer is still in good condition. too.
From the animals they will get manure for the crops and from the crops they will get food to feed those animals.
I didn't ask this question.
“We order Nupur Sharma to retract her statement and apologize in front of the whole world, otherwise we will do what we should do to those who have insulted her. Prophet,” said Mujahideen Ghazwatul Hind in a statement on Telegram.
On the night of the incident, these five members of the household, went to the house of Bah Lam Nongrum, 24, to discuss the news that the household had accused Yesly Mawthoh and his family have been arrested for allegedly assaulting and injuring the youth, who is currently undergoing treatment at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
So, we have to go around to raise awareness in those areas where we couldn’t before and we will try everything we can to reach them.
The Shnong will wait until a month for the NHAI to take action on this issue and if they do not, they will take to the streets next month.
It is to be recalled that the Indian Red Cross Society in the district has already conducted this program in Myrjai, Mookyndur and this program will continue in other selected villages. the Indian Red Cross Society.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing, Kyrmen Shylla, has defended the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, saying that the shooting of four Khasi elders in Mukroh village it is not the fault of Bah Rymbui.
There is no end to poverty and misery, and therefore the poor become poorer, while the rich become richer as they please.
The Seng will continue to conduct ILP checking in other villages and districts of Shillong and warns all the owners of houses and contractors to send out all the workers who come from abroad. % support them when they do it right.
The Mombati ceremony was held at 6 pm on Saturday and if it had been on another day, the attendance would have been large but many had to leave for church.
This is indeed the government as it is said in the English language “A Government of the rich, by the rich and for the rich”.
S. Suchen and General Secretary, Bah KS Suchiang, the union said that on 2nd October 2023, BSF troops guarding the area, in uniform and armed with guns, ) have attacked a school child from Huroi village while he was on his way to school. This incident has shocked the people who were passing through the area.
In terms of employment for Khasi children, the employment will be based on the jobs they can do and in terms of employment for other ethnic groups, the consent of the people of the country will be taken. village.
The increase in the price of sohmynken has caused a heated debate among the buyers, buyers and the district authorities to find ways and means to reduce the price. hat.
I think many young people will be employed more, people who earn their living from drugs will be free from evil, involvement in illegal activities and drug shops will be clean and safe, moreover. On the other hand, the government will collect a lot of revenue and as it is said, once it is recognized by the people, the revenue will be taken by the people.
Pangniang said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has promised to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswas Sarma, for the resolution of the border. between Meghalaya and Assam.
This is the second time that the Seng Khasi Mawlai, has been able to hold this shad ka kmen, in this lympung shad, after receiving this venue from the office of the Syiem. in the Kingdom of Myanmar.
Earlier, the Joint Secretary, North East had written an affidavit against the Chief Justice and Judges but Amicus Curiae K Sultan Singh was not pleased with the affidavit. These North Eastern Regions are also affected throughout the country and in the border areas.
Bah Kurkalang said that until the price of petrol has been fixed, the group will not start to earn vehicles.
According to Bah Sutnga, it was discussed that the government should no longer pass laws to affect the land owners in the state.
Not only that, Bah Bindo said the government does not have the authority to pass laws on Rangbah Shnongs as it is the responsibility of the districts and the meeting urged the government not to listen to the decision of the Rangbah Shnongs. by the High Court.
“Three people have been killed in Mukroh but there has been no action from the state government.
If the church is successful, it will be the first Presbyterian Church in Delhi.
For any business to move quickly and be able to support this agile way of working, reliability is essential.
“We need to ensure that all the issues work especially to remove the doubts from the minds of the people about the NPP and to do this we need to work from the beginning,” he said. “I don't know what responsibility or department will be appointed to me, but I promise that all the pending issues that the people have wanted to implement should be implemented one by one,” said the MLA. East Shillong.
They were arrested and taken to Khliehriat Police Station and charged under the Foreigners Act.
He said the expectation is to complete the new Assembly within six months.
The Jirang MLA's meeting to discuss the issue came after the report of the Center for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA) has announced that Byrnihat is one of the most dangerous places in the world. There is no such thing as a country in India.
She also requested Bah Lyngdoh that if the UDP comes to power, it should change the Reservation Policy because the youth are suffering and facing many problems due to excessive discrimination. this mat works.
Khliehriat, November 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit and Ladrymbai Unit on Tuesday met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to discuss the demand for the immediate repair of the Lad Road. The Rymbai Bypass has been in ruins for many years.
The Khasi Students' Union, Sohra Unit has erected a statue on the main road of Saitsohpen village and the celebration started with a march from Nongsawlia to Sait Sohpen led by the Chief Minister and Saiñpyniar. The KSU Sohra Unit with the ksing, dhah and tangmuri together with the youths performing traditional dances walked along the road until they reached the road where the statue of Myllung Soso Tham was erected.
While they were fleeing, Lot's wife turned back and turned into a statue.
Another GNLA member, under the command of Walnang T Sangma, managed to escape into the forest.
Wymnood and his wife are the souls of arsap.
These fish ponds, most of the time, have been witnessed to be competitive fish farms, instead of the pond owners focusing on producing more fish.
The Kiang Nangbah Award for Sports was presented to Phrangki Buam who has been a leader in football not only in India but also in the world.
Replying to a question, the President said that if the MLAs leave for Mawkyrwat or Sohiong, the law of nature does not exist and they have to go ahead and elect. by other candidates.
from he.
The tournament started on 12th November and was attended by 32 teams divided into 8 categories.
The meeting was conducted by Khrawkupar Nongsiej, Chief Organizing Secretary FKJGP Central Body. Nongphlang, Vice President and General Secretary.
When asked about the impact on the elderly and near-elderly job seekers, especially the demand to suspend the recruitment from the VPP, the Minister said that the Government is following the directions of the Court and acknowledges that there is always a consequence to the senior citizens if the appointment is suspended.
When asked whether UDP Chief Adviser Bindo M Lanong has applied for the ticket to contest from Nongkrem Constituency, Chyne said, “We have not received the application yet.
The One Nation One Ration Card has been implemented in the state as part of the efforts to enable the people to collect ration from any ration shop in the state and across the country. To ensure that there is a clean environment and accurate accounting, electronic Point-of-Sale has been installed in every country. There is no ration in the state.
And this young man often has a disease in the parts of the body, and this disease gets worse, and he also buys medicines from pharmacies to treat this disease. .
For more information, please call 8259806927,
Thousands of people had already waited at the venue for Bah Ardent and the VPP leaders hours before the start of the meeting.
By comparing those principles, policies and activities of political parties, voters can decide which party they should follow or vote for in order to achieve their goals. they expect and they desire.
The Khasi Jaintia Hills is a country rich in legends, stories that are still spreading and the stories of our ancestors.
May you live in peace and prosperity in this new year especially to your fellow farmers, day labourers, and students who have faced many difficulties, said a statement from Bah Ribadskhem Shadap. Secretary ADMA Musical Club Mawryngkneng.
The photograph, which was posted on her page, but was later removed, showed her covering her body with a burka and wearing a dress, which is usually worn by women. doctor and it was estimated that the man, whose head she held, was middle-aged and male.
We don't have to take from the products of Garo Hills and at the same time we don't give shi ana to them, and the assistance received from the Central Government should be distributed according to the need and size.
Once the formal talks have started, we will also discuss the general amnesty lodged by the government or its agencies including the NIA and others. Members who are still abroad will also come to take part in the talks,” said HNLC leader Bah Sadon Blah.
The injured policeman was taken to hospital. At that time, there was an exchange of fire between the police and the militants but the militants fled to the forests.
If she cannot do as promised, the children of the Elaka will go and destroy them.
There have been 630 deaths today, bringing the total number of deaths to 1,66,1
Q.Do the people who don't have enough money learn from their own plans or how to bring about development and build roads?Ans.
he asked the same question, “Where do we go from here? Chaos or Community?" , fraud, deceit, corruption, murder and robbery or to justice, cleanliness, order and accountability in business and trade? We welcome the New Year with hope and prayer that it will be a year of plenty and plenty.
We have been comforted by the condolence messages we have received from our classmates from KJP Higher Secondary School, Jowai, MNR Medical College, Hyderabad and the messages we have not received through that social media.
Therefore, this day which we celebrate today opens the door for us to find ways and means to enhance and empower journalists and the media around the world.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 31: The Annual School Sports Meet 2023 of Rangjadong Presbyterian Upper Primary School, Rangjadong today concluded the 50th Anniversary of the School Sports Meet. Babu Staising Khartbteng, Sub-Inspector (SI) of the Education Department, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
“Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has written to Amit Shah to meet him and we will wait for the outcome of the meeting,” he said.
" (Psalm 75: 4-7) In the Bible, righteous kings rule and wicked kings also rule.
Pastor PBM said that the invitation is not for the committee to force, but to help those who want.
He said that the Assam government from time to time brings development works to these border villages without informing the village authorities and even the Meghalaya government. Meghalaya used to smuggle through the police and while development works from Meghalaya did not have land in these border villages which are still in conflict.
The scion should be carefully selected.
The captain of the women's team has led the team to a 3-0 ODI victory in the tour of England for the first time since The team that completed their journey in the CWG 2022 with a silver medal.
The court said that in relation to the four urban areas including Shillong, some of the proposals were under the Special Assistance Scheme for Capital Investment 2023-24 but there was no mention of how much work would be done. I will go to this request.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh today inaugurated the Rynsan Amphitheater at Mawlai Nongkwar at a cost of T.1.96 crore.
The time has come for the jaidbynriew whether those in power, the Sengbhalang, the intellectuals including the jaidbynriew to start fighting on this issue.
The neighboring state of Mizoram should accept it.
A notice has been posted at the school that classes will start from 1st November.
Shillong: The installation of CCTV cameras across Shillong has been in full swing.
On the other hand, the EM incharge of the Elaka, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, while talking to media, said that the reason is that two months later they came to submit the petition. Shong Nongwah Mawtamur, which falls under the Sohiong Hima to the Jirang Hima, said that after receiving the complaint, they summoned the appearance of the Lyngdoh and the Syiem of Jirang Hima. Sohiong Hima Shemphang Thabah said that Nongwahmawtamur village is far away and he does not have the necessary documents to prove that they belong to the Sohiong Hima. It is on this basis that the KHADC on 6th November 2015, has confirmed the village of Nongwahmawtamur to the Jirang Hima.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 24: The District Administration in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, District Child Protection Officer and One Stop Centre, Nongstoiñ, has conducted a sensitization program on various provisions of law on crime. Against Women, Children and POCSO Act' today at Trysem Hall DC office.
From time to time, we see such incidents in Laitumkhrah.
“I think they were banned in 1993, those AMDs were banned by Mama Bring and she left behind her equipment, lyngka, khiew ki jain, but ... call back to , they will build four dams,” said Bremley.
According to Bah Pyngrope, whenever they go to meet with the officials, the government gives the reason that it doesn't have the money. and it is the duty of the Government to ensure that the Board is properly established.
“The loss of life, damage to property, and damage to churches and places of worship had to end.
After the PM Examination, the Khliehriat Police Station has handed over the body to the family members. The last ceremony will be held on Monday at the Mutong Dobar Shnong.
Therefore, if this disease has appeared in any field, it is better not to plant rice in that area for three or four years until the disease has disappeared.
Jesus Christ as a man is not a Christian.
After all this, the CEOs of the award-winning cities will share their experiences.
On the tourism department, Dr Mukul praised Mawphunlur, which is located on the slopes of Mawthadraishan in West Khasi Hills, as the most beautiful place in the world.
The NESO has held this black day across the states of the North East to protest against the CM's approval of the CAA. He said that the farmers of Mooshrot should not expand their farmland in the forest which is in dispute between the residents of Saba and the farmers of Mooshrot until the forest is surveyed.
The formation of the government with the NPP is because it needs a strong government to promote economic development in the state.
In his meeting and speech, Bah Sawkmie urged them not to abandon the agriculture industry which is the backbone of the state.
(ABDK).
Dr BS Langbang, BDO Laskien Block, said that in this world of technology, farmers should think newly in terms of marketing their products. online delivery has been started.
Prinlang Roy L Nonglait scored a hat-trick in the 2nd, 11th and 20th minutes.
About 1170 teachers have registered and 860 have received certificates.
Hundreds of residents of Mawlai Nongkwar have turned out to express their support for the National People's Party (NPP) candidate, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw. you candidate.
Mevani's remarks came after he was accused of assaulting a female police officer in Assam.
and teach me to know the word of God.
After the second half, Lajong scored another goal through Hardy Cliff Nongbri in the 76th minute.
And it is because the Lyngngam are eaten by the rakot that some people misunderstand that they say “Lyngngam bam briew”.
If poverty is allowed to continue, the use of money in the upcoming elections will inevitably increase.
Furthermore, the infiltration of foreign authorities is not only in the North East like Assam, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura which has changed the landscape of the region, but also in the North East. These have spread across India, including West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and other places.
He said that as a candidate he is encouraged in this election with the hope of winning from Umroi Constituency. He explained that he is a man who talks more about his work and does not want to promise heaven and earth which he has not yet given to the people, but the people will decide for themselves if they allow at this time.
Special songs were also performed by the children of the shelter home and gifts were given to the children.
NOC from SE/EE PHE & DSBM for outdoor disposal facilities such as solid/plastic waste and bio-toilet.
On this occasion, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne said that he will soon visit the area to meet with the people.
However, how far can this be?
Therefore, we can also say that the Riwar area, even in the parts of Sohra, Mawsynram, Laitlyngkot and Pynursla, has some differences in terms of climate, cold and crops. They are closer to see and differ from many other plants such as trees, shrubs, shrubs, and so on.
On the roads and paths, he urged the government authorities to clean up the Raqmbrai-Mawdoh road which is about 13 km long.
Contempt of House- A member who speaks or utters words that are against the sanctity of the House of Lords at the level of the village, raij or hima, including in the dalariti or dorbar. Thawaiñ State.
A Supreme Court Bench comprising Chief Justice DY Chandrachud and two other judges, Justice PS Narasimha and Justice JB Pardiwala, said that The hearing of the case will be held in November this year.
“If all the illegal shops built on the land and boundary of the Forest Department are not closed down, it will be removed later,” said a statement from Bah PM Syiem.
Conrad explained the need to market Lakadong shynrai, sying and soh and jhur which can be obtained from the state.
““TREATMENT FOR PNEUMONIA:— If you are suffering from pneumonia, drinking milk mixed with shynrai can be very helpful.
In the last 24 hours, the rainfall has reached 90.0 millimetres, while in the last 48 hours, the rainfall has reached 93.0 millimetres.
He also spoke on how to develop the youth and the youth budget which has been increased from T.1,789 crore in 2022-2023 to T.2,215 crore in 2023-2
The bodies of the victims were recovered from the burnt area.
The story of this match is that in more than 10 hours of the scheduled time, both the teams could not score a goal, because the game between the girls of Mawlai SC and the girls of Mawlai SC. Laitkor SC, is very beautiful and pleasant to look at.
On November 19, 2023, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has appointed IAS IW Ingty as the Director of Inquiry and three MPS officers as members including Challang G. Momin, John Clitzer A. Sangma. and the Tree of Life.
We want to see the protest of MLAs to demand ILP not only in the Legislative Assembly but also on the streets,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman CoMSO. (black flag protest) on 27th November 2020 and also a sit in protest on 4th November 2020 in all district headquarters of the State to demand ILP from the Government of India and to demand it back from the State Government. to introduce the MRSS (Amendment) Bill.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 1,397 cases, 35 deaths, 146 new cases and three deaths, two in Punjab. and one in Maharashtra.
Matthew 24:6-8.
The area, known as Yidinji, is known as the Yidinji Government and has 10 government ministers and about 100 residents, including Australians and Yidinji. too.
According to the Facebook post, the writer accused the HANM of holding a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on 3rd November 2023 without money. by the National People's Party (NPP).
The training was attended by doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, officers of Futures Group International India Pvt.
Speaking on the uniqueness of the Khasi people, the CEM said, “We have more than 2,000 kurs who continue to maintain the kur kheiñ kha and other jait counting systems. individuals or relatives and landholders and others.
According to police, the suspects had to use a boat to reach a farther place.
Speaking to media, Pala, who will contest the Lok Sabha elections on 19th June, said the VPP should have identified those religious leaders involved. instead of informing all the churches and religious leaders.
The UDP will elect new office bearers in November this year, and it is understood that there will be a discussion on how to improve the party by introducing policies, issues related to the people of the country. state.
The public is requested not to spread unfounded information.
The Meghalaya Aero and Adventure Sports Association (MAASA) has opened the Open Paragliding Championship today which will last until November
Police matters Suda.
So far in 2023, the DRI has seized over 2800 kilos of Heroin, Methamphetamine and Ganja worth more than T.199 crore in the North East and arrested 28 people involved in smuggling these beverages. drunk.
We urge all political parties, women's organizations, youth organizations, various associations such as market traders, drivers, teachers' unions, student unions of colleges and universities to join us. We urge all MPs, MLAs, MDCs and political party leaders to attend this protest against CAB and demand ILP. sun.
Maharashtra has reported 14,348 new cases of covid-19 today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 14,30,8
“The collapse of the well has not affected the major structures of the stadium,” said the Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo in a statement.
Groundwater resources are the backbone of India's agriculture and are essential to meet the drinking water needs of the country's 1.35 billion people.
However, at the same time, the company has agreed to dispose of 400 million packets of 27,420 tonnes of food products after the central government banned the sale. the food products produced by the company.
Those who attended the program included the Incharge of Blood Centre, Nazareth Hospital Shillong, Dr. P. Shylla, Senior Officer, Civil Blood Bank. , Jowai, Lugracial Shullai, Cluster Program Manager, MACS Kheliriat, Sandy Tariang, Members of Kyrmen Foundation and members of the Good Shepherd Parish Ladrymbai.
Ma Hamphrey L Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh of Hima Lyngiong Lyngdohship, who was the chief guest at the training and explanation, said that blood donation is necessary to help those in need at any time and not to donate blood. There should be no fear and expression of blood donation from time to time.
The incident occurred on 27th July 2020, when the writer and others who attended, were from East Khasi Hills District.
Earlier on 24th November 2019, the Lokayukta had ordered a CBI inquiry into the corruption allegation and to impose sanctions according to the findings of the investigation.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie also inaugurated the room with flowers and various drawings made and drawn by the students.
In this meeting, the Seng also reminded the Syiem of the behavior of these mynder, in which one of those who came to burn rnga has disguised himself as a doctor jakoid to scare people and has taken advantage of the situation. hand and struck a woman.
“At present, the CM has not released the funds to pay the salaries of these teachers, and we are monitoring this so that they can be released as soon as possible,” said Bah Lakmen.
Meanwhile, rescue teams are searching for another boat carrying several refugees which was supposed to arrive in the same area and with about 200 people on board.
However, in the second half, Ladthadlaboh managed to score the third goal through Teiborlang Malang in the 48th minute.
Special Judge of the NIA Sachin Gupta has allowed the investigation team to continue the investigation of Seiminlun Gangte for another five days.
IMI 5.0 prioritizes children aged 0 to 5 years who have not yet received any vaccinations, with the aim of vaccinating these children who should have been vaccinated and giving them it is right to protect their lives.
"We will look to the farthest reaches of the Solar System, and we will work to realize the opportunities of the Universe for mankind," Modi said.
All the five accused have been charged under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 (NDPS Act), she said.
On the other hand, it will also be a source of income for the farmers.
We promise not to coerce or discriminate against anyone in the conduct of our affairs and government.
Most of the village cows, after giving birth, die after they have had to endure the rain and wind and have been hit by their mother while walking and standing on the ground.
“The youth have a greater responsibility than the elderly and the youth need now to ensure that there is a meeting between the youth to help those in trouble and to advocate for the demands and needs of the youth,” said Ampareen.
Argentina has had a base in Antarctica for 114 years to monitor the environment, according to scientific knowledge.
Not only that, this will also show the equality between the children of the poor and the rich.
He said that he has already met with the engineer in charge of this but the answer he has received is that as an engineer he cannot do anything because he has to obey the orders of the government or the authorities. on.
He also starred in other films such as Ab Dilli Door Nahin, Munna, Aar Paar and Do Bigha Zamin, in which he played a child.
On this occasion, as one of the students who have experienced this problem, he said with a spirit of sympathy and compassion to his fellow students and students, so that this problem can be solved, he suggested. The relevant authorities should send personnel from the electricity department to inspect from time to time by cleaning the post lights in the forest so that the rest of the trees will not fall and burn. Install postlights and wire lights.
In another meeting held by the Independent National Party (IND), Lotsingh Lakuna together with the MLA of the constituency, Stephanson Mukhim, witnessed the participation of many people. buses and small cars.
On the allegation by others that the UDP has promised in the election campaign to give Sohra a district if it wins, he said that the UDP has not uttered a single word in the election campaign for the word Sohra District. It is not the time to discuss this and the right time will come.
They are also popular among those trying to lose weight. They contain protein, other nutrients and are low in calories.
The incident, which allegedly led to the commission of a crime, happened on the first day of this month. They immediately lodged a complaint with the police, so that the police can arrest and punish him according to the law.
After informing and reminding the MLA and the elders, the Dy CM promised to upgrade the Mawhati PHC to CHC and also to upgrade the roads as mentioned above. to repair the Mawhati Road due to its poor condition.
It is worth mentioning that this farm at Dewlieh village, is one of the most famous farms in the state, for its ability to produce soh ki pai, syntiew ki skut and others, but It is sad to hear that despite the hard work and dedication of the casual workers in the farm, it has been seen and found that the Horticulture Department has not taken any action to address the problems of these casual workers.
Parking lots are located around the convention center and are large and spacious.
However, tell me, where has the Khadar rule of the Rangbah Shnongs (first here and there) been changed from what it used to be in hundreds of years ago (where it has been seen that in these days, they have and on this subject, the honor goes to the District Council, which has ruled the various Himas and even the Syiems, for taking part in the establishment of the Khasi rule. bad.
Shillong: The State Government today decided to increase the fare of commercial vehicles in the State and Shillong area.
Edgardo said his team will have to fight against Lajong at home with the full support of the people.
This is not the teaching of the Church, nor the teaching of tradition, but the teaching of the Word of God.
He said that they should make proper use of the MLA scheme for the year 2023-2028 which has been allocated to them and by showing the Utilization Certificate every year and should not distribute the scheme before the election.
We are pleased to have implemented the technology to launch the ASHA Payment App and to be able to overcome the difficulties and difficulties of paying more than 4 months salary to within 10 months, making it easier for us to “Meghalaya, which is known as a mother-in-law,” said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while congratulating the entire team for this technology initiative. There were 10,000 women in the population.
“After Eid, the work will go smoothly,” said Lamphang.
Shillong Lajong, which now has 17 points, is tied with Ryntih SC on points but has taken the lead.
We need our own people to develop the State in such a beautiful manner in front of the eyes of the people of the country,” he said.
When they arrived on Robibar from the house of Niakha, Rida without telling them, they went down to the house of Rida, the daughter of Rida, in Jaiaw Shyiap.
Therefore, the loser should not be discouraged but will fight to win at another time and the winner should not be proud but will continue to play better in the coming days.
Regarding the readiness of the people to fill up petrol and stand in line at petrol pumps, Pravin Bakshi said, “What has been discussed today has reached an understanding and should not be There is no misunderstanding among the people because of the abundance of umphñiang in the state and through this meeting, an agreement was reached in which the Union also decided to end the strike.
The failure of the application fee is also like an obstacle to their plans.
He was first elected from 1973 to 1978 and lost to Saron Ksoo in 1978 and won again in 1983 and continued until 2004 which means he won four times in a row. after losing once in 1978 – 83 in a row.
The DC's office has taken this decision as part of the implementation of the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare as part of the fight against the corona virus by restricting public gatherings especially in Shillong which is still in the Orange Zones.
Guwahati, Nailar 9: The Chief Minister of Assam, Tarun Gogoi, has rejected the demands of various political parties in Assam by saying that all parties in Assam should be united.
God no longer speaks through the Prophets, nor through the Son, but through the Holy Spirit, who inspires in the hearts of men by hearing the Word of God – the Bible.
Nongpoh: A truck heading towards Guwahati has collided with another truck in Nongpoh this morning. disruption.
“This is a new request which is worse because the government has no intention of passing the Bill,” said Bah Nongrumha.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: In the SSLC results announced by the MBoSE, four students from schools in Jaintia Hills have appeared in the top 20 this year.
With this victory, Mawlai SC has moved up to the top of the points table with 6 points.
On the same day, the former CEMs of KHADC and the leader of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, came to join the UDP, along with several prominent leaders in Ri Bhoi.
The train stopped in Wonsan last month and US satellites have begun to investigate Kim's condition to determine whether he is alive or dead. Kim died on June 15, the birthday of his brother Kim Il-sung.
State Bank of India (SBI) officials will submit the forms on the same day.
She said that this type of soh helps with diabetes, high blood pressure, high blood pressure and others.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a tweet said, “I am deeply saddened beyond words.
Anjalee Baruah was taken to Nazareth Hospital at 12:45 pm after she collapsed at home. However, when she arrived at the hospital, she was found dead.
He said that there is a need for a thorough investigation regarding the natural disasters in the area so that preventive measures can be taken.
Two people in Shillong have been diagnosed with swine flu, which has sparked a lot of controversy on social media today, where there have been reports that there have been various controversies and increasingly frightening. tympan on this disease.
Shillong, Lber, 14: An unidentified thief has robbed a house in Mawlai Phudmuri village at 3:20 pm on Friday morning. installed CCTv.
However, it has been fined on the grounds that these teachers are fighters against the government, because after they were dismissed, they have lodged a complaint with the High Court.
The KHNAM on Tuesday met with the Deputy Director of the Labor Commissioner of the State Government, Kong BM Nongrum and handed over a letter regarding the salary. of contractual workers in various sectors including Unskilled, Semi-skilled and Highly skilled where the wages are very low.
In this age of struggle, the youth need not only to reap the fruits of victory but also to climb to the heights of victory.
East Khasi Hills came second and Ri Bhoi District came second.
Whether it is in the NGT coal mining hearing, or in the decision to dismiss Rangbah Shnongs, or in the ban on quarrying, shyiap mining and even in the inner line permit, we see that The reason is that the opposition group, whether they are against NGT, whether they are against the dismissal of Rangbah Shnongs or against the ban on quarrying, shyiap and even in the making of the law, there is no transgression; the opponents are pure and voiceless and have no wind to shake in the airs of the earth.
Shillong, March 30: There are about 400 people from across Khasi, Jaintia and Lu Garo Hills who want to withdraw their names from Aadhaar numbers, said Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit. One of them has resigned while others are still taking the forms home to send back to the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar.
There has been a 75% decline in the AFSPA implementation area. For lasting arrangements, accords have been signed with rebel groups and grants of financial assistance have been given to them to facilitate the re-entry of them in society.
From Mukroh Barato, UDP candidate Shanbor Sumer, Dunno Nongpluh from Jowai South and G Susngi from Nangbah have filed their nomination papers.
Environmental conservation is the foremost duty of me of you to respect it, so it should be appreciated, take it as one priority to respect it, otherwise this will affect gradually destroy the soft tissues like cancer destroys the human body.
This shows that the present Khasi chiefs are slave chiefs who surrender themselves to the Khar Iong.
"This issue was discussed at a meeting in the presence of the Prime Minister, MPCC President Bah DD Lapang, government ministers and MLAs," Narayanaswamy told reporters on Saturday.
He said that the nearest water well from the Coke factory is Umthlu which is only 100 or 200 meters away, and another water well is Umdathli which is less than 10 kilometers away. Umrasong is 10 kilometers long.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that the state government has allowed to start works related to car manufacturing factories including heavy and small vehicles as well.
X. HIS OBEDIENCE TO HIS FATHER (GOD): The Lord Jesus Christ is a son who has the utmost obedience to his Father.
According to Sarkar, earlier, Nashier had invited him to work with him in the business of naming M/S Mary Enterprise in Borsora.
The program also focused on the PM Kusum Scheme and Biogas Scheme with Arup Chakraborty and Assistant Director (Planning) of MNREDA, Danseng M. Sangma who showed the benefits.
The Prime Minister said that the 23rd of July, the day when Chandrayaan 3 will arrive on the moon, will be celebrated as National Space Day.
He said that when he reads the book written about (L) Rowell Lyngdoh and his family, they are truly great thinkers for the society. the park and the nation.
When the ceremony was over, all those who witnessed the ceremony went to lay the foundation stone of Mawbuh led by the elders, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Sing Syiem and the chiefs.
During the raid, 15 bags of sarees were seized.
The same story reached the ears of Peter's mother.
Neelam is from Hisar, Haryana while Amol is from Latur, Maharashtra.
The SDE, as confirmed, said that he had sent information to the complainant that the PGM had ordered him to pay T.15,000 out of which T.40,000 was demanded and the remaining amount had to be paid. The CBI team conducted a raid and found the PGM while he was trying to collect the money he had demanded. shwa, which was T.15,000 from the plaintiff.
Itanagar, Nailar 3: Armed robbers on a motorcycle robbed T.30 lakh from a branch of Vijaya Bank at Doimukh near Itanagar on Saturday. .
The purpose of the training is to improve the writing, speaking and pronunciation of the children and the reason for the training is that the teachers find shortcomings in the students.
He said the government is ready for talks if the HNLC is willing to come to the peace talks table.
He said he believes that the meeting of all political parties and civil society groups, in which they will discuss together, will bring about the betterment of the future of the youth.
He said that if a country produces more power energy, that country will grow in income.
Com“This bridge was the first bridge in Khasi Hills to be built in a beautiful shape and in a more surprising manner according to the present time. so that it occupies mainly the middle part.
According to ASWA, schools without full time Principals and Vice Principals include Govt Girls Higher Secondary School Tura, Govt Boys Higher Secondary School Tura, Rengrenggiri Govt Higher Secondary School Williamnagar, Dalu Govt Higher Secondary School, Resu GovtHigher Sec School, North Garo Hills Ampati Govt Higher Sec School,South West Garo Hills and Kharkutta Govt Higher Secondary School,North Gaor Hills.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded that the politicians of Khasi Jaintia Hills should strongly oppose the MDA-2 Government's plan to implement the Job Roster System. Reservation Policy of the State since the past years (1972).
In his serve, Djokovic tied the ball outside the line to take the lead in the third game of the second set by breaking the goals of Dimitrov.
Nongpoh, July 05: The HITO, Ri-Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah Apbor Nongrum today visited Mawbri village in Ri-Bhoi District to arrest foreigners who are employees of an IGGL company. The union found that these foreigners did not have proper documents including labor license and other documents.
The death toll has risen to 61,529 with 1,057 deaths reported yesterday.
Before entering the world famous museum, here is the Commandant of NESA along with other information shared on the 100% Free Linked Training on Skill Program such as NIPSTEC, IL&FS, iLEAD, The Chairman of NESA urged the students to work hard without wasting their precious time.
Section 4 of COTPA prohibits smoking in public places.
There are countries in the world that think that if they win a war against any country they hate, they will have peace.
They also said that the availability of ration cards is not available in the area although many of the people are poor and live by agriculture. rangli but the sad thing is that many of the poor families do not get their right to BPL cards, while there are some poor families who get the ration cards of the poor families which affects the poor families. or colours.
He said that in the last five years there have been many challenges before the Government but there have been cases where the Sengbhalang groups have had to fight against the Government but the Government has not used its power and has chosen the path of negotiations to resolve the grievances of these protest groups.
The meeting will also be attended by the Central Body President Aristotle C Rymbai and General Secretary Ralbingland L Nonglait to explain the demands of the Seng including the letter received from the State. Project Director, SEMAM (SSA) on the demand for the transfer of all 12541 SSA teachers in the State including Lower Primary and Upper Primary teachers from the State Implementation Society to the Education Department according to the RTE-SSA norms 2009, a letter received from the State Project Director SEMAM-SSA and MHRD, Govt of India regarding the outstanding arrear for the fiscal year 2016-17, a letter received from MBOSE regarding the improvement examinations for Class for teachers who are already in service, activities related to the issues of Result D.El.
When asked whom she will support after she has decided to contest in 2018, Fenella said she has not yet decided to support anyone and will see later.
AIS SujaThe days before the coming of the Lord are difficult and triumphant days, these are the last days.
Namarata, Mawten SC scored two goals to score three points.
There is no doubt about the wealth of society today and it is because of the excessive earnings or income that people these days don't have time anymore but everyone is busy earning and forgets to serve in a proper way to your children who are the wealth of this world.
The meeting was conducted by D. Sohtun, Chief Judicial Magistrate, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District while welcome speech was delivered by Bah I. Marweiñ, Incharge Principal, District Legal Services Authority (DLSA). The welcome speech was delivered by S.Nongsiej, Assistant Teacher, Rangmaw.
According to the order issued today, the use of pataka bombs will be allowed only from 11:55 PM to 12:30 AM on these two days.
They said that since the NPP took over the government in the state, there have been many protests and these protests are different, because government employees are protesting against the government and there is no difference. at all from the rebellion of children against parents.
On this issue, u Nehimaya Tyngkan in his speech said that he is determined to do good deeds for the people and this is the third step in which he has been able to improve the bad roads. within this area.
While the scholars no longer see the stories and the signs, they compare only those worldly scholars and their philosophy.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Robertjune Kharjahrim said, “There are some political parties in Garo Hills who have alleged that the VPP's roster system is for political gain. , but you don't see any party that has benefited from the Roster System"
In the middle of the march, a dance, item iaput and tablet carriers, pedestrians, including women and men, were held.
MDCs of KHADC from CEM Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today visited the preparations for the festival and found that the preparations are in progress. The first venue to hold the Monolith Festival.
I dare to say that in West Khasi there is no one equal to this Rangbah in understanding and knowledge.
Shillong: The Covid 19 Relief Fund Committee Umkiang, today distributed 10 kg of rice, 1 kg of dai, umphniang to the poor in Umkiang Village, regardless of religion. They include Khasi Pnar, non-tribal, Hindu, Muslim and Adivasi (Bagani) and Garo.
These groups, who spoke to Mawphor by phone and face to face, expressed the same view.
Section 144 CrPC has also been enacted which prohibits the movement of private and commercial vehicles from one state to another, from one district to another as well as in the border areas.
Eleven robbers have been arrested in connection with the shooting and injury of two Kerala students in Jaïaw Pdeng and day laborers near the Jaïaw Umpohliew Bridge and also in Mawlai. Three of those arrested are under the age of 18 years.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City on Tuesday said that the land at Barik, where the PWD office is located, is planned to be used as a shopping mall. There should be a place to build monuments to all the heroes of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep and in the same place there should be a place to hold public meetings instead of building a mall.
The Seng also condemns the arrest of Bah Michael Warjri by the Assam Police. We condemn the State Government for not taking action if there are such incidents. Regarding the incident in New Balakhwa which falls under the Hima Nongspung, the leaders of the party will meet the CEM and at the same time they will meet with the CEM. to meet with the Chief Minister or Deputy Chief Minister of the State Government.
The Joint Secretaries are Ryngkat Lyndem, Sunshine Makri, Anvil Lyngdoh and Tirot Sing Suchiang, Finance Secretary Michael War, Markynsai Khongwit and Treasurer Beyondstar Kurbah.
“We are very happy to see this wind and we hope that we can win more this time than we did last season,” said Conrad. The results scheduled to be announced on 02nd October will be announced.
He was born as Romeo of Rimini.
After China failed to play chess in Ladakh, in recent days, it has started playing chess in four places on the border with Arunachal Pradesh, according to a report published by India Today today. sun.
He said the opposition to the introduction of the AFSPA shows that the people have complete confidence in the ability of the government to do what is necessary in relation to them.
Shillong, July 06 : The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Riwar Mihngi Circle has congratulated Nongmadan FC for winning the Meghalaya State League (MSL) tournament. ) to reach the goal in this event.
The Lyngdoh Raid of the Marbaniang Mylliem clan, is the provider of all the necessities for the ritual, whether it is the provision of pigs, goats, cows, klong u skaw and others.
Regarding the theft, Bah Ribel said that in fact, his shop is located in a very safe area, because it is in front of all the shops and that the Police also patrol those areas and this robbery shows that even the shops in the outskirts are not safe, said Bah Ribel.
Schools have been closed in many states of the country, including those in Delhi, bringing the total number of cases in India to
On the investigation by the Inquiry Commission into allegations of corruption in MeECL including the Saubhagya scheme, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Commission has already submitted its report to the State Government through the Political Department and the Department is under consideration. the report.
The demand for the relocation of the CRPF post in Mawlai was made after the CRPF police tied up the youths of Mawlai Nongkwar and even the vehicle of the villagers. correspondent of Mawphor on 15th April
We are here for the smooth running of the business.
Before the opening ceremony, there was a thanksgiving ceremony and a kñia ka khriam which enriched the day with the participation of the youth of Raliang.
The source said that the militants after shooting at the troops fled, some of them fled to Bangladesh and others are still hiding in parts of the state.
Shillong, Lber, 21: The Commissioner of Customs (Preventive), Ministry of Finance, Government of India on Friday seized 1019.490 kilograms of Ganja and 2.437 kilograms of Heroin worth T. 19.17 crore was seized under the NDPS Act,
On the other hand, the vendors said that the vendors should respect and follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to protect themselves and their families from the spread of COVID-1 -19.
The Medical Superintendent of Norman Tunnel Hospital, Dr D Nongpluh, said that the child who tested positive for COVID-19 is getting better with the passing of the days.
The events of these last days are unimaginably terrifying.
He said that Shillong was made the capital of Assam in 1864 because of its cleanliness and beauty.
This incident has shocked the village and the entire area, as it is also the first time such an incident has happened in the village.
He said it is surprising how the district councils in the state cannot do this and it is clear that their presence does not benefit the land owners.
“Let the report come out and we will take a decision,” he promised.
On the day of his disappearance, he was wearing a blue jacket, a white Meghalaya TMC T-shirt, a blue pants and blue sandals.
He said the reason why the NIA has taken this step is to prevent the crimes that happen frequently in Iewduh.
The presence or absence of these natural bodies which I have mentioned above in such soils depends on the presence or absence of these natural bodies in the rock from which the soil was formed.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that together with Bah Hamletson as they belong to the same political party, the People's Democratic Front (PDF) has a collaboration to bring about projects for the benefit of the people.
Lambor also slammed the Chief Minister of Assam and admitted that the shooters were the insurgents who came in uniform with the Assam Police. in the state of Meghalaya.
These two leaders urged everyone not to be afraid, and to come forward and take part in helping to distribute life to those in need by donating the blood we have.
In schools/colleges, the work of Hati is low.
The village is located on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, with about 200 households as of
According to sources, there was a party in a house in the village on Tuesday night, but surprisingly, these people who went to eat suddenly fell ill. The women and children were rushed to Bethany Hospital and Civil Hospital.
Meghalaya is only two points behind Arunachal Pradesh, which is in fourth position in the NEOG 2022, as of 7 pm.
If the party leaders say that he is a candidate, and that they don't know that he is a candidate, then the people have already said no and discouraged them from supporting someone else who is a candidate. you don't have money.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has opposed the proposal and demand of the Union of Shangpung Village Councils (JSU) to move the PWD North Division from Jowai to Shangpung.
AMSA, which has qualified for the 37′′ National Games to be held in Goa, has requested the Sports Department of the State Government and the MSOA to allow it to participate in the Meghalaya Games. It will be held in Tura, Garo Hills this year.
After completing his Lower Primary School in Ialong, he continued his Middle English School at Mission ME School Jowai and Secondary School at Marianhill High School Jowai. Graduate (Bachelor of Art) from St.Edmund's College, Shillong.
The suspects also stole a Pulsar Bike which was used to steal the phones, said the police chief. Koramangala, HSR Layout, Ashok Nagar, Wilson Garden and others.
Shillong: The Catholic Church today celebrated the All Soul Day.
Seven policemen were seriously injured in a stone throwing in Motphran area today by groups of civil society groups while returning from a protest at Madan Student, Jaiaw after being taken from the Additional Secretariat. .
She also warned the party leaders, who are in charge of the programme, to be careful in the preparations.
“I am not against any religion but there should be order because until these years, there has never been any controversy about this stone,” said Babu Chosterfield when asked by Rupang how he feels about it. the building of the Cross on this stone.
The RSS was formed because at that time there was a mass uprising against the British government.
Immediately, the Shongknor asked the accuser, “Isn't it true that the honorable Nongmihkmat translates by himself? And the petitioner replies that the translation was done by the employees of the Assembly and he too accepts the translation as it stands.
The Congress has 10 members including Grace Mary Kharpuri who left the party but admitted that she has returned.
It is also sad that besides the problems faced by the people due to the border, when it comes to development works, many villages in the border areas are still lagging behind in terms of work. increase.
So you can kill it with your weapons.
“Remember at this time to be prepared so that you can serve others and be knowledgeable,” he said. and understand how to implement the SMS which means Sanitize your hand – Use Mask – Maintain Social Distancing.
After leaving the NPP, Bah Rangkynsai R, Makdoh, has not yet said which party he will join, but he has said that he is more enthusiastic about the national parties in the state and On that, he said he would make a public announcement in the next few days.
The presence of Jezebel in the Church destroys the power and love of Jesus Christ.
Video messages by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and Union Minister in charge of Sports, Anurag Thakur were also shown at the meeting. chess.
“I'll drink it.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: U Madonbai Rymbai, Chief Executive Member of JHADC, on Tuesday said that the report of the riti, which was submitted to the mother of Arlin DKhar, who alleged that the money was misused, The population which has reached 1.18 crore is wrong.
As part of expressing his gratitude to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the party leadership, Yediyurappa said that he will continue in his work in the field of He has visited many places in the state and has also visited all districts to strengthen the BJP and its leadership.
“A few days ago, when I met with the BJP leaders in the state who came to propose that I contest the MP election, I said that I don't want to be in politics anymore. member in the party so I have nothing to say on that.
Therefore, the government has decided to turn its attention to the improvement of government schools across the state.
Sohiong Police Output where he explained about the POSCO Act which prohibits violence against children.
He said that their group has an agreement with a large employment agency from Kathmandu, Nepal which has already established relationships with the car manufacturing factory, where they have the opportunity to employ these jobs if they job seekers have the right skills or qualifications.
At the same time, the Central Government has been sending troops to Manipur to strengthen security in order to curb the spread of ethnic violence.
That is why Jesus had to come to this earth to take on human nature and to call people to repentance in order to be freed from the bondage of the powers of Satan and the power of darkness.
They brought the message to improve the society, to protect the nation and culture and also to fight against alcoholic beverages which cause various diseases in the society.
Senior officials of RBI and PNB attended the programme, where they explained to the public about the Banking Ombudsman Scheme. including Shri Thotngam Jamang, Banking Ombudsman, RBI, Guwahati;
After investigation, police found that it was marijuana weighing 4746.409 kilos. Police also arrested a man identified as Babulal Sheikh (48) from Maharashtra. Police also seized T.3760/- and a Nokia mobile phone.
There are services that the rich have provided in any way, and let us consider just a few that we can see from the Bible.
Prestone also urged Kong Ampareen to share her deeds, whether good or bad in the past, so that it can be a lesson for her. young children who are growing up.
He said, “That's it, it's near”.
Speech was also delivered by the Adviser of WORD, Bah Kyrmen Uriah, who is the owner of the village.
Nongsaiñ Hima 12-11-2
In Jalpaiguri district, many shops were closed.
Constables Amit Kirtaniya and Ripan Kumar Sahoo of the 85th Battalion of the CRPF and Vishal Kumar of the 222nd Battalion were injured in the blast, he said.
About 39 out of every 100 children drop out of school for various reasons and especially because their parents cannot support them.
The Minister said that there were three challenges faced by the department in implementing the JJM due to the condition of the land and the lack of roads.
Dr. R. Pohrmen, Medical Superintendent, Civil Hospital Ialong in her speech congratulated these blood donors who have the spirit to help others as blood is essential in human life.
But these men could not explain to the king the meaning of the dreams, and it was a waste of time.
Nongpoh: A group of women's organizations in collaboration with the village leaders of Lum Fossos, Umsning, this evening, took part in the burning of mombati, as a sign of condolences to the killing of the enemy. to a longkmie from that village.
I don't have anything to complain about but I see that people are now focusing on the Corona Virus or COVID-19 because they are afraid of it.
No one has been present at the house where Rahim lives in Barapathar in the past few days. there is only his son who works as a shoemaker.
Now, in the fiftieth year, problems, losses of opportunities, unemployment, diseases, poverty and degradation in all aspects appear to be staring at us.
Julius Dorphang has been arrested by the State Commission for the Protection of Children (SCPCR) on charges of rape of a child. based on the testimony of the child who is being abused.
The BSF-FTR HQ, Meghalaya Band Party, was performed by the BSF Band Party.
“During our inspection, we found that the company has sunk more than 700 meters below the ground until it cannot be seen.
The Narpuh Sports Association (ENSA) football tournament started with Wahiajer Narpuh FC beating Sonapyrdi FC 2-0 at the Lumshnong Football Ground on Saturday.
Out of the 1286 students from all over the country who were honored on the occasion, 555 students received their Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Basic Sciences, Commerce, Management and Human Resources. Of these, 731 have received their Master's Degree in various fields of Engineering, Science, Commerce and Management.
:The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the state government to ban the display of meat in meat shops.
However, what has shocked and encouraged us is the comment on the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
“Aadhar is not 666 or the devil's number.
“Today I got a commission of T50,000 thousand tyngka,” said Hiram and immediately showed the T500 to his wife. “She has helped us a lot.
At least 11 people have been killed and 51 others injured and taken to hospitals after a house fire broke out in the eastern Chinese city of Shanxi.
“They don't go and they need to ask for money, but they spend from the pla and they say that before the polling day they don't have anything but they need the change".
Nongpoh, Nailur 11: As one of the political parties which has been in existence for 26 years since its inception, it has achieved many goals to serve the people in the state whether in the political field or in the The United Democratic Party (UDP) Ri Bhoi District today celebrated this special day by donating food items to one of the shelters run by the United Democratic Party (UDP). Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod.
The civil society should demand clarification on the vacancies of the Deputy Chief Minister, where they are vacant and how many vacancies are vacant so that the people of the state can know whether they are vacant. or those who do not know how to do such highly technical jobs.
On this occasion, Prof Esther Syiem, Lecturer, English Department, NEHU gave a detailed lecture on the topic, 'Voices of Resistance:
He recalled that the party has been demanding for the inner line permit (ILP) for many years and it has not been implemented yet. , they will see, what happens in 3 weeks.
Residents of Erpakon village, when they found the body of the man lying lyngktar on the village road and found that there were signs of injury in parts of Khlieh near Skhor along with bloodshed, The victim was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, but when he arrived at the hospital, he was pronounced dead.
At present, the Association monitors the import of chickens into the market and the Association ensures that the chickens sold in the market are of good quality, clean and they are not safe to eat," he added.
