Both Dr Sangma and Bah Lapang rushed to Guwahati after being ordered to attend a party meeting in Delhi.
She said that the DC has sent a letter to start the construction of the 9 kilometer road, but she said that when the road is 59 kilometers long, how can they build only 9 kilometers?
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to
Nongstoin, June 11: U Bah D.Mawlein Circle Inspector of Nongstoin, today confirmed the VDPs of Nongspung Village. Also present were the Sordar of Nongspung, Bah D.Marngar, confirmed members of the VDP Nongspung, elders of the area and others.
The Kongthei asked Kong Mon. Kong Mon explained what she saw.
The Minister also informed that the Cabinet has amended the Office Memorandum issued in 1974 regarding the jobs except those allocated to the Garo people to those allocated even to the Garo people living outside the State. they can still get the share of the Garo.
The answer to these questions is because many of the Khasi Khara children don't know the great work of these Khla wait just because the State Government has given them leave to spend time in their favorite activities. eh.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 11: A 12 wheeler truck carrying nar rod has collapsed on the Nongshillong-Jakrem Road.
This is the truth before man and God.
“If they hand over to the CBI, it is enough, but the investigation should be clean.
It is suspected that the murder was led by Sambun Dkhar because he is from the same village and he knew that the man had just bought a new car and had some money when he came. I went to Shillong.
Shillong: Malki beat Nangkiew Irat 1-2 in the U-18 Shillong Premier League 2018 at Polo Ground on Saturday.
There are advantages and disadvantages to this.
Mallikarjun Kharge, Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha, issued a tweet in which Malik accused MRD of being a violent man and then Amit Shah's accusation against MRD. , not lamwir.
The Union also demanded that the University should immediately suspend the results of the 2nd semester until the relative grading system is implemented.
For a two-wheeler, the driver will have to pay a license fee of T.700 per annum, while a permit fee is T.200 per annum if they operate only in specified areas such as in the city or district, but if you operate throughout the State, the license fee is T.1300 and the permit fee is T.
After Rupang informed the department via Whatsapp, they confirmed that the pukni was known as the Himalayan Griffon and that it had come here. They migrate from one place to another during the rainy season.
The player, who has taken 317 wickets in Tests, is now ready to return to the squad for the home match against South Africa and after that. the match against Australia.
Have you ever asked yourself, counted the value of your work or service, whether you deserve to receive the full wage? Is your work worth the wages you demand? Many times we talk only about the rights we deserve, but we forget to talk about the duty we have to do for what we have been paid for. ? Only the delay in the salary has been raised, many things have been said, many things have been accused, but the salary has not been mentioned.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle, on Tuesday inspected the cleanliness of these shops in Laban, Lumparing, Lumshatsngi and KOR. Complaints have been received from the residents that these shops are very dirty and many people get sick from time to time if they eat from these shops.
Therefore, the union urges the police to investigate into the incident and punish according to the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act implemented according to the allocated budget.
Similarly, the lack of original marksheets and certificates even after completing the training.
On the other hand, Conrad said that this victory of the team not only makes the region proud but also shows the hard work of the youth of the state who have led the team in this tournament. .
This house shall have an air passage in the roof, and shall be capable of being opened or closed at will.
Shillong, November 08: Sixteen members of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) under the banner of the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (GHPA) have strongly opposed the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to impose the AFSPA in the state. Garo Hills and sent a petition to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, to stop the proposal to introduce the Act in Garo Hills.
“We will think carefully about this and change it if we are in power,” he said.
Only to provide for the hungry children,We suffer the rain of the sun;We don't count even if we sit on the ground,To feed them.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
You can also read Isaiah 58:1-9
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Namdong, held on 28th November 2020, has taken a final decision to seek clarification from the JHADC Jowai, whether to use or abandon the Thadmynri Reserved Forest (Raij Namdong Elaka). Nongjngi) which the Namdong Dorbar Shnong has donated to the JHADC to plant trees and maintain the sal trees in this forest.
“This assistance to the residents is unprecedented.
In the past, it has not been heard that Peter and Bah Bok have been working for five years.
Ma Stephanson as the Chief Guest, praised the Rangbah Shnongs of these three villages for their hard work for the development of the village especially in terms of education and urged them to The children should continue to work hard in terms of education as they have done before, in order to establish schools for the future of your children and by u He also urged the parents to encourage their children to go to school and to be hardworking so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
“We have received information from Ri-Bhoi as well as East Khasi Hills,” said the Joint Director of the department, Dr HK Marak.
Destiny : means destiny – destiny is the soul of man that cannot be controlled; the end is the end and the end of a part.
It takes at least 3/4 hours for people to transport and transport the soh niamtra from the fields or gardens to the off-road areas.
They were on their way from Mawiong Rim to Lumdiengjri when they reached Jingkieng Mawlai when they hit the side glass of a bike, number ML 05 T 2773 and caused the driver of the Scooty to stop. The Scooty fell into the road and the truck hit them and they died shortly afterwards.
Bah DP Wahlang congratulated the Sports Department for its hard work in the development of sports and for opening up opportunities for the youth to showcase their sports talents. He also wished the athletes who will take part in the National Games to be held in Gujarat to play well so that they can bring fame and glory to the state.
He invited the spectators to come and witness this beautiful match and the club has also prepared to set up temporary seats for the spectators. There will also be a sale of tickets for T.80 and T.1
Referring to the ISBT incident, Dr Mukul said that the decline in the price of buildings is something that will destroy the state and he urged that in order to ensure that That the buildings by the government should be adequate, an independent body should be appointed to ensure that the buildings are in accordance with the rules and to ensure that they are adequate.
In the final match of Group D and Monday's match of Group C, Chipakkore beat Wa'sa FC 9-2 and Mawten beat Wa'sa FC 3-0 -0 goal against Lumdiengngan.
Histokrist Pachiang was elected as the new Waheh Chnong of Iooksi Iapkhla while Ioanis Manar, former Secretary Shnong, was re-elected as the Secretary Shnong.
It appeared in a dream that the father was sad and was crying.
As usual every year before the Behdieñkhlam festival, the Raij Jowai also performed the festival with various suits and shor during this month.
Pakistan today decided to ban all dating websites for being immoral.
To the west: Myndo, Umkyllain and Nongdom.
Kharwanlang said that the suspect is also a teacher of Rympei Bashai School which is one of the schools for people with disabilities which is located in one of the places in The incident happened last month at his residence in Mawiong Pyndengrei, West Khasi Hills District.
He gave the example of a close friend of Modi, Adani, whose wealth has risen sharply in just one year from 609th among the richest people in the world in just one year. you rank Ba Ar.
About 500 RSS members from all over the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills took part in the procession.
Replying to the issue of coal mining and the steps taken by the police department to curb it, Bishnoi said the department is working on the orders of the State High Court. errors have been pointed out somewhere, the police are struggling with how to remove them.
The KSU and MPUF have admitted that they have found no difference in the price of rice in the same byrni and have found plastic rice in the two types of rice companies.
He said last year the government had allocated T.300 crore to build a railway line in Meghalaya but could not implement it.
Shillong, Nailar, 16: The State Government has decided to allocate up to Rs 250 crore for the repair of all the damage including roads, bridges, vegetation and others damaged by the floods. floods and landslides that struck in July this year.
Bhattacharjee said the CPC is deeply concerned about the environment and the pollution of the Khamram and Umkhrah rivers which host the annual Hindi idol worship.
However, even after 15 years, not a single paia has been erected by the State Government.
We strongly condemn this incident and the perpetrator.
The Government of Meghalaya, which has worked closely with the Government of Manipur, has so far been able to bring to Meghalaya up to 83 students from this state who are studying in Manipur.
“We are deeply concerned about the ongoing issues of the people as it has become clear such as the incident in Mukroh, the outstanding border issues, the lack of peace and order and “If we don't have that relationship with the party in power whether in the state or in the central government, all the issues of the people will not succeed,” said Bah CB Syiem.
The unit at St Anthony's will be led by Vancouver Shullai and Ms. Dayomika Kharsyntiew, Faculty Coordinators of the unit.
Shillong, October 21: U Minister of Home Affairs, Rajnath Singh, on Tuesday met with the wife of PA Sangma, Sorodini, and her two sons, Conrad and James K Sangma. their home and workplace in Dhankheti.
The Seng also urges and warns the visitors and tourists who pass through this road not to throw plastic waste or any other kind of non-perishable garbage on this road.
The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, was passed by the Lok Sabha on 8th July
The opening of places of worship of different faiths is prohibited.
If it is the same as in the countryside, it will not get the name of city.
Many of the passengers this morning have been forced to leave the road and walk for many kilometers.
The recommendations are to appoint one Process Engineer, three Assistant Process Engineers, one Mechanical Expert Engineer, three Foremen, one Quality Control Engineer and one Instrument Engineer to strengthen the government factory. It was known in the past but it has disappeared today.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 229 new cases have been confirmed and 1804 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Another road from Purakhasia to Tura via Gambegre has also been severely damaged in Chenggapara and Jibalgre.
The teaching of the Word of God to such ones is useless because the good seed cannot fall inside.
However, this market has been captured by the Khar Assam.
Only in these days, the road has not been completed, and many vehicles have been diverted.
This order shall come into force immediately from 25 June 2022 until further notice.
Sections 41-42 of the NDPS Act 1985 empower only certain officers (not all) to search or arrest.
Bah Arwan said this at the 118th Anniversary Celebration of the party which was held today at Jaiaw Weiking Stadium.
After many youths joined the party as full members of the party on Tuesday, the leaders of the HSPDP Youth Wing, Bah Michael Thongni, Secretary Youth Wing Central Body, Pynshai Joel Dkhar, Joint Secretary Youth Wing, said: HSPDP Central Body President Badariti Lyngdoh, President Women Wing Central Body, and others together with Bah KP Pangniang President HSPDP Central Body, visited Rambrai to welcome the youth, women and elderly who came to showcase the art. The party also includes old supporters who left in 2018 but who have returned to the party.
He said that the ministry has also sent a bonus of T10 crore for the PHE department in the state, which has implemented this scheme well in the state.
Vishal Kumar Balmiki (8 overs: tied for 18 runs: 4 wickets) and Parveen Katty (7 overs: tied for 22 runs: 2 wickets) were the best bowlers in the tied innings of Donkins SCC. wicket) have scored 2 wickets each.
Mairang, Naiwieng 10: As part of the gathering of students with the aim of promoting the idea of ​​unity and solidarity among the students, the management of Khadsawphra College, Mairang has held a month of College Week 2023 Students' Celebration
Therefore, the sea authorities are still struggling to find the three missing persons from the group who were on board the ship that day.
The Generation, Transmission and Distribution Department has been turned into a Corporation but all the powers have been retained.
He said that in Meghalaya too, the BJP will continue to win with the hard work of all the BJP office bearers and members. He said that the quota for women is already 33 per cent, and if necessary, it is necessary to get women candidates in these two constituencies.
He said that it was during the time when the people of the Maharam Hima came to Nonglang in 1951-52, when they had about four or five households, they were evicted from the area. and they went and dwelt in Kyndongei.
On the day of the opening ceremony, almost all the residents of the village came out to witness.
“Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own? Ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's”.1 Corinthians 6:19-2
For that reason, he did not mention his name like other MLAs at that time.
Before the funeral service, a service was held at his home in Mawkhar, conducted by Revd.Dr.BL Nongbri.
Young people, let us be surprised while the time is not too late for us. Let us remember and think carefully about the great advice of our ancestors to us and let us eliminate the imitation of others.
In connection with the celebration of this day, the women of Mawsaw area through the Persyntiew Village Organization in collaboration with the Self Help Groups (SHGs) have started the celebration with a march. rally followed by a short meeting where Mrs. I. Paliar, President of Persyntiew Village Organization gave welcome speeches followed by a welcome song by the Ïaipyrshang SHGs.
The amendment of Syiem Jirang received 46 votes and the amendment of Bah Joy received 40 votes.
In the past few days, it has been witnessed that due to the deterioration of the road, a cargo truck has overturned at Briwar near Siatbakon and Nongshyrngan while passing through this road.
But now that I have come out, I have done what is necessary.
He said there are 3800 women members of the party out of 8000 members in the state.
A non-discriminatory formula is acceptable to all categories in Meghalaya.
In his speech, the Pa'iem Khynnah urged the youth to be hardworking because there is no greater wealth than education.
By reading books, they can take a person’s life to another world.
The government should have collected the documents and checked them carefully before making the demarcation but it has made a mistake.
“It would be embarrassing for us if we invite and invite the president of another party to join us.
The union has had the opportunity to express its concern about the overwork of the staff of the hospital, so the union has had a thorough discussion with the Director regarding these issues and the DHS has promised to take immediate action. and to resolve these problems of the people of the area who really need assistance from the government hospital.
The government is currently collecting exact figures to determine how much hundreds of crores of rupees will be spent so that it can seek more assistance from the government.
In a statement, he said that the special reason why they want to join the BJP is because of the integrity and strength as a leader of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and through his actions and abilities. to change the lives of the citizens of this country which has begun to witness in the last five years of the Modi government.
“Kpa Lydia, why did you send your son to the Rangbah Shnong's house?” She waited for an answer from him. “I want him to come...” said Maheh. “No, you and Father, if you don't go to Bah Let's house, you'll go.
On the part of the High Commissioner of Bangladesh in Delhi, Mustafizur Rahman, he expressed his appreciation for the work done by the ICP.
The sound of the music is better than the song.
So far, four times worth Rs 23.27 crore has been released.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Meghalaya Judo Association (MSOA) and the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs have demanded the immediate suspension of the Judo Association.
At the same time, Bah Renikton also expressed his special thanks to the Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Church for donating the land for the construction of the Girls' Hostel. The hostel will be a great help and blessing for the girls in need especially for the students from remote areas and villages.
Jowai, July 02: The Waheh Shnong of Lumtrep West Jaintia Hills District today said that after the report of Linda Nongkrem on the lack of ration and the threat of eviction, the Waheh Shnong of Lumtrep, Ebormi Pale, today ordered the the woman said she would lodge a complaint with law enforcement if her allegations were true.
He also gave strong advice to hold on to his power and fulfill his duty.
The launch of Chandrayaan-2 came after 10 days of suspension due to a breakdown of equipment related to the fuel line of the machine.
and Only he can heal because he is.
Jowai has been given the opportunity to open the third round of the Meghalaya State League which will start on 12th June at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
When asked whether there is already land for the construction of the Block, Kimfa said that there are landowners who have offered to donate land for the construction of the Block Office.
Speaking to media, Sangma said that the Prime Minister has already announced that he has already set up an inquiry into the issues within MeECL. “Here we have to forget about the completion of the investigation, but the question is, have they started the investigation?” he asked. to the government.
“She said she would stay at the District Council, she owned a hostel there,” said Blanding's wife, who declined to be named but said she was called 'Kongthei'
Swarjeet Das top scored with 58 runs off 66 balls and Tarique Siddique with 41 runs off 51 balls.
If you look at the way the parties announce their election campaigns, most of them announce their election campaigns when the people have decided whom to elect or whom to support, because they release them only about 10 months or two months before the polling day. It means that the majority of the church has already decided whom to support, except for a few who are still in the middle and have not yet decided whom to support.
On this occasion, the family members of the deceased expressed their gratitude to the people of Bri u Hynniewtrip from various political parties, private individuals, churches and the family members of the deceased. They can no longer repay the assistance for their child while she is in hospitals in Shillong whether it is financial assistance and other assistance and encouragement.
Nongpoh: Members of the Meghalaya Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment, led by Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, today expressed their concern over the increase in violence. In the past few months, from June to November, there have been 17 cases of rape of children in Ri Bhoi District and cases have been registered under POCSO. Act.
“We have told the EM that if he is pleased with us, we will work voluntarily, we don't need that. the 5% as given to the private sector,” he said.
How to compare the price with the small ones to get infected. 12) When visiting, do not enter the houses where there are infected buaid tanglang.
“We will geotag all the water wells to find out what needs to be done urgently to protect the water wells,” said PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak. newspaper.
JOWAI: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle today raided illegal foreign workers in Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills. 11 foreign workers from Kalaiñ village in Assam and during the search of their documents it was found that they could not identify themselves as Indian citizens.
Thus we have great hope and that through the resurrection of the Lord Jesus we are victorious over the powers of Satan.
Until now, the salaries of SSA teachers have not been increased. SSA teachers have not been recognized as full time Government teachers like in other states.
To go online, you have to call a friend.
At present, it has been distributed lyngkhot – lyngkhai through non-Khasi fathers, as we know (outsider products) have now been exported to 6 1⁄2 lakh from the Jait Kmie.
Ezpeleta also expressed his desire to continue to maintain the goal of MotoGP and to reduce our carbon footprint, which is something they have already started. by trying this section in several groups.
The Special Judge of the POCSO Court in West Garo Hills, Ramjan Ali, has sentenced him to 20 years in jail.
“Another issue we have raised is when we learned that a person has been arrested from a drug addiction but unfortunately there is no mandatory follow-up procedures from the for their part.
If they do that in West Bengal, they can do it in Meghalaya too.
Any party runs according to its Constitution and we are members of a party with the same Constitution and we know this well and we should not underestimate our understanding”.
It is by doing this that we can fulfill our duty in our family and develop our nation.
KHNAM today decided to meet the Labor Commissioner of the state to demand an increase in the salaries of contract employees in various positions.
I have asked this Member only for the names of the places in question because we are concerned about not knowing these places.
However, this did not impress the residents.
The Vulcans, who won the toss and elected to bat first, managed to score 134 runs for the loss of six wickets in 12 overs.
He said that these officers who receive this tuition fee from the government which can reach T.15 lakh is intended for three officers per annum. The committee of the appointed government shall approve the proposal and also inform that the officers who will go for continuing education shall be only those officers whose remaining service shall not be less than nine years.
Please don't have money to extend The lockdown is not planned well for those who are poor especially those who work day.
She said that on the 10th of July, 2023 at about 11:30 pm, she was surprised to find that her room had been robbed by robbers. and they broke the door of the cupboard.
On the same day at 8:30 pm, OP Police have arrested Shamol Ali, 23, of Polo for the same case at Rynjah PS Case No.201(11)15 u/s. 454/380/34 IPC, for allegedly stealing T.6 lakh from the office of the Synroplang Self Help Group, SPTS office, Mawpat on 21st November,
The growth of the families of the same race gradually develops them into a nation.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has submitted a petition to the office of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma regarding the handover of the ground floor of the Meghalaya House by the GAD department. Kolkata, Russell Street to MS/ Rocky Dhar Private Ltd.
“We on the part of the children of the Elaka will do whatever is necessary and the government will have to take responsibility.
He said that one of the parts he wants to talk about is the Government's intention to issue a Notification by quoting from paragraph 5 (1) which means that the Government intends to implement the Notification. CrPC and CPC throughout the State.
Likewise, children should consider what their parents want when making decisions and try their best to obey them (Col 3:20, Ephesians 5:13). ).
However, when we look at the United States, it spends its wealth on space technology.
Sinha said the North East is in grave danger because any act of genocide is always met with resistance.
There were 29 children aged five and 15 who were released.
He said that after the Council has its own land law, the Hima should no longer register but should confirm and should no longer charge high prices for the land. confirm.
“No public, private or civil society organization can search for license but can lodge a complaint with the Council if anyone violates the law,” said the South Shillong MLA.
James, who has just assumed office today, said that although he has not been able to read the documents yet, the government has a goal to hold a a state that is peaceful and free from all forms of violence.
Pastor PBM Basa Iawmoit, who has decided to contest the 2014 MP election from the People's Candidate Forum (PCF), in his statement released to the media, said that Freedom of religion, Dalits who have become Christians should not lose the benefits of being Dalits.
These four bus drivers said that some of their friends who used to drive buses together have also left the bus driving job and have sold their goods at Motphran and Iew Dielang. They also earn a bus in the morning and go to sell jhur and soh in the evening.
Of these, only two were selected.
All those who have applied for this post are encouraged to check the website of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare www.meghealth from time to time.
The vehicle was stopped because Abdul Sabur Mondol, Joint Secretary to the Government of Bangladesh, was supposed to pass through the same Kathalbari road in Madaripur.
The Regional Committee has held a meeting between the two states at Holy Cross Higer Secondary School, Umkiang on Saturday.
The elections to the GHADC will be held six months after the extension of the term as demanded by the Achik National Volunteer Council.
In the Judo category, Gujarat came first and Jammu came second.
Bah Kharmudai has been the treasurer of the village until he was promoted to the post of Rangbah Shnong.
It may be recalled that Waheh S Quotient Sumer is a great writer and poet who has a great knowledge of Kiang Nangbah and who was once a member of the Sahitya Akademi.
So don't tell your problems and don't count others as friends.
It is a blessing if the leaders understand their own strength and come into the larger households and unite.
“You have seen the explanation from the former MLA of Umroi constituency Bah George B.Lyngdoh but I think the reason is that it is not true but it is only to deceive the TMC party”.
Sharaisuk Marpna scored 14 runs and Eliza Lyngdoh 10 runs. EKH scored 78/2 in 10.4 overs.
Precious Tang scored the second goal for Khimusniang in the 45+1 minute and Heisniawki Syngkon in the 90+1 minute.
This video was taken from West Khasi Hills District, at the venue of the competition at Pamphyrnai, Ksehkohlong, which was packed with vehicles and crowds.
On the other hand, the High Court said that as Justice BP Katakey, a retired judge, has been appointed to look into whether the government has fully implemented the orders of the National Green Tribunal (NGT). Justice Katakey has been appointed to investigate the illegal mining and transportation of coal and the operation of coal mining factories. illegally including the acquisition of illegally mined coal by these factories.
There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out. you have been thrown out! (Luke 13:27-28) Come now.
Shylla is survived by his wife and three children.
Shillong: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today raided El Phon Dkhar (22) and Meklison Siangshai (26) in Kongong and surrounding areas.
According to the Sordar, Bah Bungwell Kharbani, Sangriang urgently needs to get a Secondary School so that the children of the village can continue their education. to Sangriang and that the PHE should implement a Water Supply Scheme for Sangriang so that all households can have access to clean water.
This recent meeting is also an important landmark to move forward to meet this long-standing demand.
Speaking at the meeting, Kharshiing also congratulated the BJP for winning in three states in the elections which ended on 3rd November.
Khar Jahrin said that the Sixth Schedule and the Land Transfer Act Act cannot be amended if there are many other ethnic groups as leaders, and these laws will remain in place if the rule of law is still in place. who owns the state.
The order also mentioned the Civil Hospital and other hospitals in the state from CHCs, PHCs built by the government. There are no doctors even when there is enough medicine. There are problems that violate and deprive the rights of the people of the country and Meghalaya.
Besides these 36 deaths, 17 others are disabled and unable to work as 100 days labourers.
They urged the contractor to build as it used to be.
Although they won the title, SGH and NGH did not reach the final.
The winner of the Monarch men's team received a cash prize of Rs 70,000 and a trophy, while the winner of the men's team, Nongpoh, won the trophy. In the women's category, Dubakh received Rs 40,000 and a trophy and SYM received Rs 20,000 and a trophy. .
These Phensedyl drugs have been handed over to the relevant authorities for further investigation.
However, the rebels admitted that although Shira had come to arrest them, the police had arrested and tortured him.
The government has awarded T.15,000 to three candidates who have reached 98 percent, T.10,000 to 10 candidates who have reached 95 percent, while 25 candidates have awarded T.10,000 to 95 percent. They were distributed at a meeting held today at the Secretariat.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma on Tuesday promised to suspend the implementation of the National Food Security Scheme (NFSS) in the state until to allow all eligible persons to be included in the assistance list.
Shillong, Lber 15: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (SHN) has strongly warned against cinemas that display pornography on their walls. It affects the honor and dignity of the daughters of the Hynniewtrep people.
Through this meeting, the KHADC and KAAC leaders at Ummat also encouraged the people living on the border, by ensuring that there should be no discrimination against the Khasi people and also to respect each other. in relation to development projects in Meghalaya and Assam.
These farmland are located near the Prang River on the border with India and Bangladesh.
Deposits by Indians and companies in Swiss banks will rise to T.20,700 crore or T.2.55 billion Swiss francs by
If the mother walks in the wrong path, the children will walk in the wrong path,” said Kong Sonny.
Speaking to media, he said the 13 people who tested positive for Covid-19 were close relatives of 10 people who attended the wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort Assam. .
These Khasi have been living in Bangladesh since the time of their ancestors, which is estimated that the arrival of the Kulong Kumah in Bangladesh has been thousands of years ago. it was still the same during the time of the French rule.
However, the 3rd North East Games have not been able to satisfy the hearts and souls of many churches. Does the Meghalaya State Olympic Association have anything else to say? you can explain to the public.
Albinus said what he has done is on the basis and not on the basis of empowerment of the Congress party. “It is not empowerment but it is the way I should do because the Congress party wants to be violent" he said.
He said that it has not benefited the people but has caused deaths and the destruction of churches.
Superstition causes people to be afraid or doubtful that when something happens in front of them, they say it is wrong or wrong, for example when a miaw baiong jams at a crossing of a road or road. that person must stand still and wait or let someone else walk in front of him so that nothing bad will happen.
Shillong, Nailar 29: From time to time, it has been heard that the intellectuals in the state have expressed their desire to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, which can bring many benefits to the owners. Khasi speaking states, which has also been said that if it is included in the 8th Schedule even in Parliament the leaders can speak in their own language and the House needs to appoint translators.
In order to reduce fear regarding education in the state, the speaker said that the speaker of the state and the students will lose their education if the NEP 2020 is not implemented. to influence the belief of some sections of the society especially the heads of schools to pass the NEP 2020 without hesitation.
Therefore, the election of legislators should also be changed to a new one.
The MLA's inspection came after the village leaders expressed the need for a motor pump and also to purchase pipes to supply water to the water tank. There is no village to distribute water to the whole village of Umjajew.
“We need to unite all the SSA teachers, not to feel Seng.
“This is a terrible threat to the nation, and the government needs to pass the Lineage Bill,” he said.
At the same time, the Seng urges both the MLAs of East Jaintia Hills to speak on the NH-6 in the ongoing session of the Assembly.
Arunachal Pradesh is ready to host the National Games soon.
I also want to apply.
According to the residents, the Assam Police fired 12 rounds of 9mm Pistol, 18 rounds of 303 Riffle, 18 rounds of 7.62-21 and 5.66-4 rounds.
Instead of giving jobs to the poor, start firing the BSNL office, it is better to burn down the BSNL office to lose everything. 54 thousand people who have been fired from their jobs and their families don't want to use bsnl and it has reached 1 lakh and it will lose its jobs. Lajong, BSNL, is the only company in the country.
Shillong: The Hill State Revolutionary Army, Babu Teibor Shanpru, on Tuesday said that during the struggle for independence of Meghalaya, there were only volunteers. that it is time to get our own state and back from the north.
The construction of sports grounds across the state including Artificial Football Turf, fields planted with live grass, synthetic running grounds is the objective of the Government to improve them. you don't play sports in the state.
Regarding the summons of the DC's office to the Lyngkhat, the KSU leader said that the summons of the DC should verify their documents, and after asking for the decision of the Lyngkhat. whether or not they want to register to vote.
This was announced by the Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Social Welfare, Pravin Bakshi in a statement today.
Shillong: The Urban Affairs Department has given time to the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to take a decision. in response to the government's proposal, until 10th June this year.
These trees were planted in the surroundings of 9 mer Baridua village which is one of the villages near Assam, and the heat and humidity in the area has been excessive due to the widespread felling of trees. they stop quarrying and digging for the sake of someone else's income.
The winners will have the opportunity to represent the District in the State Level Competition to be held soon.
He also strongly condemned the police's raid on the members of the party as if they were insurgents and this would be like throwing a stick at the fire.
Shillong, June 10: The Seng Khasi Kmie has invited all the men and women of the Hynniewtrep Hills to come and take part in the 104th Shad Suk Mynsiem.
The raid was conducted in Motphran, Paltan Bazar, Mawblei, Nongrim Hills, Upper Shillong, Polo, Mawbah, Jhalupara and Upper Mawprem with the assistance of the Women Commando Police. Cloudpower.
According to the villagers, the woman and her son went out on foot until they reached a house where the woman used to rest.
The injured were taken to a nearby hospital. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
The third coaching camp organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cricket Association will be held at Sai Rymnong Stadium, Mawlong on the 8th and 9th January 2021 at 9 pm.
“A Mini Secretariat will be set up here and we will strengthen various government departments and we will look after the development through schemes in a strong manner in Garo Hills,” he said. Chief.
On this occasion, Pastor PBM Baasaiawmoit, expressed his personal relationship with Hopingstone (Bamkwai at the door of God) from the time of the Hill State struggle until the days of his death. because of the similarities of thought and the agreement and goal that are the same.
At that time, we were still in Langkyrding because there was another fire.
The MOT (Ministry of Transport) is 25%. 1210 TATA is 12 tons permissible load. 25%=3ton to 15 tons. MOT concession 25 %=7 (approx) =32 tons.
Nangkiew Irat FC did not play as well as they did in the last match, and the players who were a threat to the opposition were captain Shaibor Nongrum and M Nikhil Raj but both they were trapped in the strongholds of New Zealand.
When criticizing Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, for saying that he doesn't know the rules of education, why does he refuse to step down?
It is to be recalled that the song 'Ha U Prah' is one of the famous election campaign songs of the VPP, which from children to young people like to sing.
“We have received information that a group of 31 people from Karnataka are stranded in Sudan.
Kitborsing Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Union of Village Youth Organisations, SWKHD, said that the road to reach thousands of miles starts from the first step.
At the same time, the Phawa Siangshai Kur has demanded a thorough investigation into the robbers involved in the murder of the schoolgirl and punishment according to the rules of law.
I have the right to answer, Katni dawiar I plaque.
There are also those who say and explain that our Hynniewtrep people come from the Lost Tribe of Israel.
He also explained this to Garo Hills to get praise from the Achik youth.
Nongpoh: At the end of the 1st Valentine's Day knock out basketball tournament, the Sparkles Basketball Club in Nongpoh, Single's Boys Basketball Team and The Beast in the women's basketball tournament, won the title.
“To arrest a man like Bah Cheris is very important but to shoot him destroys the sources of information and evidence as this is related to the peace and order in the state,” he said.
They beat Punjab 1-0 in the final on Tuesday in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
Shillong: Police on Saturday at 9 pm seized a truck (ML 05 Q 2184) from Riwar Mihngi Circle. to transport the muid to Bangladesh.
The President of the union, L.Dkhar, said that the market has been operating for about two months. the day of Musiang or the day of the festival of Jowai.
On the other hand, the union leaders said that the union will investigate and monitor to find out who is doing the work and it does not allow, he has to work and rebuild, said Redyfernandy Sun. General Secretary HYC Nongstoiñ Circle.
Therefore, the KSU has urged the EE to expedite the delivery of umkor to the village.
Not only that, the Chief Minister slammed the BJP government, saying, “This shows that the government has corrupted its mind and its corruption”.
It was through the good performance of the duo that they managed to score a combined total of 59 runs.
To inform that as the organization which works and tries to curb the illegal entry and exit of foreigners in the area especially in Jaïaw pyllun, therefore, when we see clearly the initiative of the DS Lumdiengjri officials to They shall prevent by their own authority the entry of foreigners into the village.
Most of the members of the Academic Council accepted the order of the JAC and left the JAC meeting, but one Professor did not leave the meeting, which led to the members of the JAC. JAC to intervene and hold a meeting to strongly condemn his actions.
Babu Soso Tham reminds the people, “These are the Kur, the Kha, the man, They know how the shape will come; blood, the destroyer, They drove them out of the city and threw them away.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has laid a wreath in front of the Secretariat, as part of the protest against the government's discrimination against the teachers who have been allowed to leave the country. bombs were fired in the area last month.
After the union has sent a letter to the relevant authorities in the past few days demanding that this issue should be resolved immediately, but the requests and demands have been in vain because no one believes. Faithful.
We know that about two-thirds of the citizens of India rely on and use this PDS scheme. This means that about 900 million people in the country use Ration Cards to get Ration Cards. rice, sugar, oil and other household items at subsidized rates.
On the 1st of June, besides Miss Lukha, there will be a photography competition, a walk at Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and other activities.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday 11th June and Tuesday 12th June, has slammed the state government for its inability to control the The illegal mining and transportation of coal and the access to illegal transportation even after the Supreme Court has banned the mining and transportation of coal in the state since
He also expressed the feeling that instead of bringing unity among the citizens of India, the UCC will lead to confusion and division.
The Bill has been a hot topic in the past few days.
They were working for Bah SW Marwein, the contractor who is constructing the road from Saipung to Thruk, and they were working on the bridge on the Umphum River.
Many condolences have been poured in on his passing away including from the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
We have had to review the working methods of the party in each MLA or MDC constituency.
In this case, we see that the State Government, is looking for and thanking itself in the hands of the Dorbar Shnongs and that is that their machines, have failed, in the fight against the disease. coronavirus.
For example, these residents must have an EPIC card issued by the Election Commission of India (ECI) and a certificate to prove that they are residents of Meghalaya. for three consecutive years.
Referring to the order, Mukherjee said the court has ordered the government under the bye laws of MUDA to demolish the illegal structures along the Umkhrah River.
“Although Jaintia Hills has gained independence from the hands of the foreigners, as it is now, Jaintia Hills has faced many problems in other areas which have affected the country and the nation since said MH Dkhar and urged all the residents to fight against crime in the society with courage and determination. unity.
“This is a path that will pave the way for other sporting events, whether in the National Games or international ones for our children to take part.
He said that regarding the employees of various government departments who live in this area, the state government intends to relocate them to the areas provided by the government for the purpose. It is not that the government has left them on the streets.
We have requested the PHE department and we have sent a letter but it has not done anything,” he said.
The rally started from Mawkyllut and ended at the office of the Executive Engineer of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Mawkyrwat Division. Carry placards with slogans on the importance of cleanliness in society.
A post on Facebook on 22nd June by a person named Goera Pantora Sangma, who claims to be the new Chairman of the GNLA-R, which has its headquarters in Now.
The Catholics won the battle on that day with the help of Mary Magdalene during the reign and rule of Pope Pius V.
“It's up to the old man, It's up to the old man, "You can't beat him, But how can you beat him?" stand up old.
Steve Shanks is an experienced marathon runner, who finished the race in 2 hours: 53min:26 seconds.
Lyngdoh handed over his resignation letter to the President of the party, Charles Pyngrope, saying that the decision to resign from these posts was for personal reasons.
For more information, please call 8729989715,
“I congratulate you all,” said the Prime Minister while addressing the players gathered around him.
In the border demarcation, the Karbi Anglongs do not have the right to transfer Block I & II to the Meghalaya State.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC will face Real Kashmir FC in the Hero I-League 2018/19 at TRC Turf in Srinagar today at 2 PM. This is the sixth match for Kashmir after beating Indian Arrows and Aizawl FC. Real Kashmir have earned 10 points from six games and are in the top of the table. 5th of the points table.
Shillong: The Congress has supported the PDF-led Executive Committee in KHADC, not for political reasons, but because it wants to support the district council which is fighting against the metor industry and has no intention. or political activism.
Commenting on the discussion, Bah Samuel Jyrwa said that one of the problems for the public and also for the journalists, is that when they seek information, the information they receive from government offices is He urged that when they write they should write in a language that all the people can understand.
And citizens will not be able to enjoy their rights and shares.
Besides, at this meeting, the Seng together with its friends who attended the meeting also held a protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 2019 rules and expressed their opposition and demanded the implementation of the Inner. State Permit line.
It all depends on the discipline of the drivers to avoid any tragic incident.
Police said the fire had burnt down the inside of the house and fire brigade teams were able to extinguish the fire by 1:25 pm.
Not only on this side but also on the MB Road where most of the sanctions have been lifted and this road which is the source of income in the area has remained the same since the day. the opening of the Road.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Danmurphy Nongbri, Finance Secretary, said that there was a request for NoC of foreigners from the Syiem of Sohra Hima but the Syiem and the Hima refused.
In Group-A, Laitkor (which came second last year), Umpling, PFR Football Academy, Mawkriah West, Kick Start Academy and Lawei.
Since 17th March, 2020, a program called “Meri Saheli” has been launched to provide safety measures for women who travel long distances. trains, especially for 'women who travel alone.
All these three persons are from Khanduli village, West Jaintia Hills district.
Among the books written by Daniel Stone Lyngdoh, Advocate of the Supreme Court of India, this book is the most unique.
That is why the Word of God warns, “Let not the rich man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might: let not the rich man glory in his riches.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, today announced that the state government has appointed Bah PT Sawkmie, MLA and Bah Mohendro Rapsang, MLA as co- chairman of the Meghalaya New and Renewable Energy Development Agency (MNREDA).
Then, why is our patriotic song so stupid that it has never been found in the world where the patriotic song is mai-pap and the team will fight for its own country? and the Nation? Is it such a song that we should accept as our national anthem? How long will our fellow countrymen remain ignorant and dark to accept such a terrible song that will destroy their ancestors and their nation? Doesn't our Hynniewtrep people have their own voice? Is our belief that our nation has its own language, its own dialect, its own song, its own way of speaking and its own customs and traditions wrong? The song “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi” has already been destroyed by the Thawlang ki Ïawbei, he has not even included the names of the Khla ka Wait ka. Our country because he has counted them as bloodthirsty and devilish because they are the greatest enemies of the foreigners.
The news that the People's Democratic Front (PDF) will withdraw its flag to join the National People's Party (NPP) on 6th June, 2023, is good news. many of them are in the world without foundation.
Replying to a question on the speech of the Governor, Dr Mukul Sangma, he said, “We will ensure that this state is not a hotbed of crime”.
The Assam Police have also demanded that the West Khasi Hills Police should remove their temporary residence from the area but the Meghalaya Police have said that they have not. On the 19th of this month, the Assam police have threatened to kill a woman from Umwali as shown in the videos and videos. Last year, the residents of Umwali were tied and lathi bombed by the Assam police.
Midfielder Korou Singh has been elected as the captain of the national team ahead of the AFC U-17 tournament. Asian Cup.
When Jesus said this, he did not mean that he saw Satan fall at that very moment, but he foresaw the time when he would fall upon this world.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Government of India through the Minister of State for Home Affairs today announced that the Government has launched new measures to provide food to the poor and needy. which has increased the price of wheat and barley from the old price to the new price which is the lowest price.
He said that the road to Nongryngkoh which has 800 voters has to pass through Nohron which is about three kilometers away.
Regarding the opening of banks on this holiday, we as the Council would like to express our strong opposition and take action together with the state government to ensure that the times to come that this will never happen again.
During the inspection, they found that there are cases where the implementation is not in line with what the central government means and intends. that they should cooperate with the village authorities and at the same time that they should look into the implementation of schemes that benefit the people, so that it will be of benefit to the people in different villages. .
And the first king they got was King Saul in 1050 BC. However, that kingship did not last and the kingdom did not last.
Shillong: Even after they have to leave to earn money due to the refusal of the government and the owners of STPS buses and maxi cabs, the lack of staff has affected their income.
Daniel said – Blessed is he that waiteth, and cometh to the thousand three hundred and thirty and five days (1335 days) Daniel 12:1
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 29 : The Pynden-Mawthawiang Sport Club on Tuesday opened the Knockout Football Tournament (KFT) 2022 under the chairmanship of Bah HS Diengdoh. He was the chief guest and at the same time he is also the candidate for the 2023 elections from the NPP Mawkyrwat Constituency.
On the other hand, FKJGP, North Khasi Hills District, together with FKJGP Byrnihat Circle, have strongly condemned the death of fish in the river. from the Factory.
The UDP has 8 MLAs, the NPP has 2 MLAs and the HSPDP has 4 MLAs.
Katakey, who was appointed by the Meghalaya High Court to advise on the State's efforts to comply with the rules laid down by the Supreme Court and the National Green Tribunal (NGT), including He also called many meetings with the State Government officials in this regard.
The Minister said that there have been many ways in which the problems can be addressed by the opposition.
Reginal admitted that the party has received accurate information regarding the misuse of public funds by the office of the Printing Stationery Department and this misuse of funds has been found in the CAG report. , the amount of T.2 crore was revealed through an RTI search by Bah Eugenestar Kurkalang.
Sib Singh HSS won the Best Team award and St Peters HSS won the second prize. Phibapynsuk Kharjana of Anderson HSS won the prize for Under-16 girls. Pynshngaiñ Kharbani of Sib Singh HSS won the prize for Under-16 girls and Wanda Lyngkhoi of Borsing School won the prize for Under-16 girls.
We should think for the benefit of the community because many times we have a misunderstanding, some say if I support Candidate No.1, I don't need to pay anymore, some say if I support Candidate No. .2, I don't need to do these difficult jobs now, but what we have to do every day if No.1 or No.2 wins we have to do, the farmer has to rep kba, whoever works should pay, whoever teaches school should teach school and so on.
It is true that at the beginning of the curfew there were some shortages of food items but until now in the villages the food items have gradually arrived and the time has come for the government to The government's directive is for the sake of the health of the people in the state. whole.
Committee Member Dr DRL Nonglait said that the KHADC has taken this step because the researchers have been asking the Council for various reports and the Council has only a limited amount of information. .
As we know that Personal Interview is one of the reasons why corruption and discrimination will spread in the recruitment process and cause the poor to take money just to impress the officers and leaders. government.
On the same day, Bah kynsing and Bah Prestone welcomed the office bearers of the PDF and HSPDP, who came to join hands to support the NPP in this election.
Murdoch first married Patricia Booker, with whom he had seven children and was released in the 1960s.
The fourth is the Shillong Baking Company, where visitors can get all kinds of beverages such as coffee, tea, freshly baked food and sweets. not har hand.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Mayralborn Syiem said that after the terrible political incident in the state, many of his supporters have already joined the party. He did not resign as an MLA, but he joined the UDP party and the people knew that he had resigned.
The Umïam Lake is also in danger due to its age, it has collapsed due to overcrowding.
“The government has now wanted to go to the second phase of the demarcation and believe me if the government uses the same method again we will not only witness the people but also the “It's a bloodshed,” said Mr. Thomas.
MAKO also thanked Fly Big Airlines for providing excellent service in its operation, twice a month from Umroi to Delhi.
However, at this time, the doctor has increased his estimate of the number of people who will be infected with the disease in July and in the coming months.
He said that the achievement of Meghalaya was due to the leadership of the leaders who wanted their own state through a continuous struggle together with the people of Meghalaya. firm determination.
The next round will be the semifinal which will start this month.
Of course I was like that before but to get rid of this you have to do something and you have to talk and ask yourself because if you do that you will be happy and you will be able to do what you want in your life"
Other dignitaries who attended the ceremony included Bah L Kharkongor, Sordar Shnong, Umphyrnai; Prof.T K Kharbamon, Vice Chancellor; Dr.Iwamon WJ Laloo, Registrar, MLCU; T Mark, former members of the Board of Governors, current members of the Board of Governors and members of Management; community members, university supporters, university staff members and students.
The fire was very strong and should have destroyed the bed of two people and the entire house, but when it did not burn, the bed escaped from the fire. being persecuted.
He is a man who has shown and put forward his vision in the development of tourism in the rural areas and one of them is Mawlynnong in
Many robberies against female students have been committed by this robber who is trying to violate his duties just to satisfy his own interests,” said NEHUTA. “NEHUTA is sorry that the university has Security-in-charge and the question now is about the welfare of more women. students of this university and who take part in sports and other activities within the university," said the statement. mistake your own authority to attack the longryngieng.
He said that the festival will continue today and tomorrow and the duhalia who were scheduled to perform at the festival who did not have the opportunity to perform on the opening day of the festival, will be allowed to perform today. days and there will also be those who will perform tomorrow on the closing day of the festival.
There are 682 cases in hospitals, 2,380 cases at home and 1,16,952 cases in the state.
She said that the Union has taken this decision because of the Government's failure.
Preparations for this are ongoing, and the cost of hosting the tournament is estimated at Rs 1 crore, which will include food and other expenses.
“The money seized, these hundreds of crores, is the money of the people of Jharkhand as well as the people of India.
Speaking as the chief guest at a meeting held by the Public Implementation Committee Umtongsyiem-Umjilieng and Mylliem RIDF at Mylliem Madan Iing Syiem, Bah Hamlet said that after visiting the villages to inform about the scheme. Many of the people were shocked because they thought that the Soil Department was no longer there.
We have to work together as an organization to find ways and means to raise these issues.
HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that both parties (HSPDP and UDP) should take responsibility to review the reservation policy.
“Now the market residents have expressed their happiness that the garbage and nuts have been cleaned and the flow of garbage water has decreased and this will make it easier for the shoppers inside the market. Almost all the shops have been cleaned, but there are still some who have not complied with the order and I will monitor them and if they don't comply we will have to summon them. They live from the market and it has become like a plate of food for them, so they should be clean so that they can attract foreigners to visit the market,” said Minister War Tynghah.
(a) U Maw Synrang ka lang (ne) Synrang Ka lang :- This Synrang is located to the east of the village. Krem – Why is it called Synrang Kalang Synrang :- The meaning of a shelter to escape from the rain and wind as well as from danger KALANG – Ka blang because the blang is hiding there because the synrang is the meaning of the hiding place of the blang. The old story says that once upon a time there was a wild beast that was as tall as a khla. Then, when she was watched and beaten, she ran away to hide inside the synrang and thus she was found. to shoot and kill it in that place and for this reason the Mawsynrang was called the Synrang because it hid the goat. There are more creatures in the area near the rivers because these species are also more likely to live in the areas near the rivers. The tree which the tyngnger called the Tliet ba sohkum ryngup soh on the tree in the morning and the snoh in the evening they went out to look for and for this reason the place where these creatures lived in that stone. (i) one is to the east of the village in a place called Mawkynsai and one (2) It is located to the west in a place called Saishiap – These places are located near the rivers as mentioned above and it has been found that these species prefer to live in the flat rocks near the rivers. (NB) the Tliet (ne) lymbit differ from the longbadur in various ways'INTRODUCTIONIt is through the vision of the different villagers that even the low income from agricultural products has struggled to send their children to school and it has been found that this village has produced many workers.
Finally, the KSU Wapung Unit through this statement would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Rangbah Happy E Rymbai, the Dong Moopyniein and also to all the people and groups who took part in this event. lymphoma.
“The AICC has been aware of Bah Pynshngain's activities for some time.
At the end of the tournament, medals and individual trophies were awarded to the goalkeepers of the winning teams.
“Besides all those who are still within the Hima Mylliem, we recognize all the Rangbah Shnongs who fall under the Hima,” said Pa'iem Latho. The villages are large, but the Rangbah Shnongs are few, while in the rural areas the villages are small but many and the Rangbah Shnongs are many.
'The clear mountains of the HimalayasWhen they are ready to look at youAmong the Persoh PersyntiewThe beautiful men and women walk.
“I'm from Nongkyndong Pa...” Deisy replied. “I don't ask if you're from the city or the countryside. I want to know your village...” Riia's father wanted to clarify again. Deisy replied again. Riia's father and mother were surprised at the word Nongkyndong. “There is a village called Nongkyndong...” Bahnah explained. “Oh, that's right...” Riia's father was surprised.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The National People's Federation (NHPF) East Jaintia Hills District (NHPF) on Tuesday demanded the immediate transfer of the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri. Two Police Officers who have been working for many years in the District in the same place.
He urged the sportsmen to work hard as this is not the end but only the beginning as the state has been able to host the 2 Northeast Olympic Games.
The documents have been sent to the UDP and the East Khasi Hills District (UDP), said a statement from Bah Balom Mawlong, Working President.
In another incident, Mami Chinghoiniang of Happy Valley Shillong has lodged a complaint that her Scooty ML-05Q-8925 was stolen from her house while she was parked at Happy Valley on July 4 at 9.30 pm.
The secretary said that the new date of the fete and the lucky draw will be announced in a few days and he apologized to all the people and those who should participate in the fete to cooperate with the fete committee.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The CSWO has expressed its anger over the lack of government buses operating in the city on the day of the curfew called by the Coal Owners and Owners Association.
APEX’s core curriculum includes soft skills such as respectful manners, setting and documenting one’s goals, public speaking, interpersonal relationships, and all-around well-being.
New Delhi, July 12 : The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has selected Indian foreign player Eugeneson Lyngdoh as the Honorary Project Head of the U-1 17 men.
Between 1978 and 2023 there were many events and changes in the administration, while the State declined.
The Chief Guest, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said, “I hope that East Jaintia Hills will continue to produce football players who will lead the state, the region and the country. Kyrmen Shylla, Waheh Shnong of Deinchynrum, Secretary East Jaintia Football Association, Coming One Joy Tlang and others. members of the Football Association, government officials especially the ADC, Bah Jonathan Shylla, Bah Lumlangki, the DMF team, the contractor and all those who have worked hard to improve the quality of this stadium. madan “After inquiry, I understand that the construction of such a stadium will cost more than T2 crore and the District Mineral Funding cannot afford that much. Kyrmen Shlla, Chairman of DMF and President of East Jaintia Hills District, has donated T 20 lakh tyngka to start the construction of this beautiful stadium in Meghalaya. Football Association, Abhilash Banarwal, said that the people of the district are very fond of football. He said that he had the opportunity to talk to Bah Kyrmen Shylla and they have started the work to bring in this artificial turf ground. you can't load.
East Khasi Hills has 153 cases, Ribhoi 79 cases and West Jaintia Hills 51 cases.
Shillong: Police in Garo Hills today seized a large quantity of weapons from Bawegre and Dorengigre villages in Williamnagar district of East Garo Hills.
The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (EMRI) has been on strike since yesterday.
The training program was conducted in front of the fish and chicken shops in Mawbyrshem area and was conducted by Bah Nestingdar Nongdkhar Rangbah Dong of Mawbyrshem area. butchers both men and women.
Guwahati: The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to 95 with four new cases.
Several members and office bearers of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District were also present on the occasion.
God also helps such people, Who know how to help themselves first, As the Word of God also tells us, So don't break His laws.
According to the leader of the meat farmers, some of the cows seized by the BSF troops were from Khanapara but most of them were brought from Khanapara. Bangladesh is not a country.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul said the government of peace and order has come to the state after the hard work of the government and the police department. which is vigilant every day to prevent evil deeds, criminals against the country.
However, we are still far from reaching the goal of raising the state to the rank of 40 states in the country,” said Minister Conrad Sangma.
He said that without a change in the election system, people with skills and without money will not be able to contest the 2018 elections.
Shillong: Randeep Singh Surjewala, spokesperson of the All India Congress Committee (AICC), has said that he is surprised how the BJP has been able to form a coalition government in Meghalaya when it has only two MLAs. He said that these parties with which the BJP is working have their own policies, ways of thinking and are also fighting elections against each other.
He said that the KSU has urged the students who have already submitted their marksheets to come and close on that day so that the plans can go smoothly.
“We are happy that through these two victories they have opened the way for us to reach the quarter final.
Senior Working President Bindo Lanong said the party will lodge a complaint with the Governor against the misuse of Bah Pynshngain in relation to the KHCF. The UDP has decided to lodge a complaint with the state government against Bah Pynshngain for allegedly colluding with the Congress to overthrow him.
Furthermore, the Director should understand that if he cannot bring peace and harmony among the doctors, he should not attack them but should resign or transfer elsewhere and allow I will not come with another new one.
However, it was the Kripa Foundation which responded to these issues today after opening the house which will provide the best services to the elderly to get adequate accommodation and care.
This Tangkasiar has a sum of money.
Dr. Jitendra Singh said he has collected daily information from all five states in the North East on the COVID-19 situation and the health facilities and resources to fight the disease in a manner that is appropriate. uniform.
On the other hand, the union leaders also requested the government to order and declare a public holiday for banks as a sign of celebration.
Shillong, October 9: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (which includes the Federation of Khasi States, the Council of Chiefs of Ri Hynniewtrep, the Council of Dolloi and the Council of Nokmas) has congratulated The newly appointed office bearers of KHADC and JHADC include Teilinia Thangkhiew, Chairperson, KHADC, Ardent M Basaiawmoit, Chief Executive Member (CEM) KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC, Deputy Chairman, KHADC. Thombor Shiwat, MDC Chairman, JHADC, who was recently elected as the Chairman of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Discussion on Issues Many of the dialogues between the leaders of District Councils and Seng Bhalangs are in agreement, especially on the grounds of not changing the customs and traditions of khadar administration, such as in relation to names. The purpose of the Twenty-fifth Amendment is to name the Village Dorbars by the Village Councils and then to The Municipal Council is also involved.
The PCB has also announced that former South African footballer Morne Morkel has been appointed as the coach of the team. after he had already signed a six-month contract.
Mawlai SC, the champions of the Shillong Premier League 2023, beat Mawlai SC for the first time in the Shillong Premier League 2023 on 28th October at the SSA Stadium, First Ground Polo, Shillong. FC beat Langsning FC 1-0
However, due to a misunderstanding, his friends still thought that he had reached the moon.
She also recalled that the North East is known as the cancer capital in the country.
These tribes have a custom that if the husband dies, the wife will be burnt alive with the husband in a blazing fire.
Civics has 7 chapters for 17 marks while Economics has only 4 chapters for 17 marks.
The Government of India offices in our state have also shown that they do not believe in the powers of the Council as enshrined in the Sixth Scheduled.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his satisfaction that all the participants have been able to hold this successful festival and added that this festival will be held every year.
They said that even in private colleges, the examination fee is only 950,1000,900 tyngka and the practical fee is 150 tyngka.
He also hopes for the best for all the participants of the tournament.
Homemade food : Going out to eat is a source of loss.
“There should be no letter of notice that can violate any part of the Act especially in relation to the Act which has been approved by the Governor,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Shillong, October 24: The National Highway from Shillong-Nongstoin to Tura has cost T.1258.18 crore, said the Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the House.
“I don't see anything wrong if the Governor speaks in Hindi and at the same time he can speak in English.
He urged the supporters to be determined to make the NPP strong in Mawsynram constituency.
However, he said it would be wrong to say that the coke factories or the factories are not, because the state needs for the increase in income by bringing in such factories besides creating jobs. jam to the crowd.
Conrad K Sangma said the Meghalaya government has received about Rs 700 crore from the New Development Bank for the development of rural tourism in about 500 villages in the state. The Government will also build accommodation for visitors to the state.
At the meeting, the President of the BJP Tripura in his speech, said that the victory of the BJP in the Legislative Assembly elections was not an easy victory because of the political parties. He said that it is due to the hard work of the party office bearers and also under the guidance of the Prime Minister – Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah and BJP National President JP Nadda said the BJP has won again in Tripura.
This shows that foreigners are brave enough not to count the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs.
The new recruits will be able to serve the country by joining their posts in various CAPFs and witness India@2
It is also worth mentioning that this year alone, there have been two such incidents, one in November and one in April, in which there have been deaths. The group led by Tbn.P.Mynsong and when there was such a death of souls inside the village, there was a jynwit jyrwat when these families tried to dig Thliew at Lum Jingtep. , because they were blocked by these other groups, led by Tbn.GT Lyngdoh.
“We strongly demand that the robbers involved in the recent rape of a woman after she was given alcohol by four youths in the video of the incident. “It has spread through various social media platforms,” said the chairman of the Students' Wing, Iajanlang Sohtun in a letter to the Superintendent of Police.
When asked why he did not join the NPP, he said, “You all know that the Prime Minister is in charge of this constituency so you think they will give me ticket even if I join.
The team's chief executive officer Des Buckingham was also awarded the Coach of the Year award.
Due to the surveillance of the BSF, the smuggling of Muid and Masi has decreased significantly since the checkpoints were put into operation.
With the recognition of the new EC of KHADC, the CEM has now been able to appoint the Executive Members within the KHADC. The report on the election of the CEM has been sent through the office of the Deputy Commissioner to the Governor's House and has now been approved.
The President of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) said that it is necessary to renovate and build many offices in many places where there are thousands of children. KSU East Jaintia is still alive, he congratulated the leaders and members of KSU East Jaintia and urged them to be brave like the leaders. and members of the KSU Shillong.
There are no border guards, who have gone in a group for a person who is no longer strong, who has reached the age of youth and lives in the middle of the city, after he has been handed over to them. he didn't go out to shoot him, as he went to shoot a beast in the field, when he was in their hands.
The purpose of the Aquafest is to bring and display and sell farmers' fish in their ponds, to showcase ornamental fish, and also to disseminate schemes and There are many opportunities that the government can provide to the people who wish to work in fisheries.
“There is no proposal to extend the term of office of these two District Councils,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs, Prestone Tynsong.
The Association expresses its regret over the attempts by some to discredit the work of AMSSASTA which has appeared in the media in the past few days. It will continue to work hard and will not listen to such people, but it is up to the SSA teachers themselves to decide whether it is in any way.
Similarly, in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, out of fear, they threw money.
When he met Modi, he worked with him in the MLA elections in Gujarat in 2012, which Modi won gloriously.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Candidates contesting the MDC election 2014 must spend only T.2.50 lakh (two lakh fifty thousand) and if they spend more than this they must answer to the Election Commission of the Government. said the Commissioner, Secretary, District Council Affairs, Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh.
This has shocked all the khar khuti in the area.
It is now understood that the government of Narendra Modi has issued an order to write in Hindi on various websites and in government letters as well.
According to information, the leaders who are likely to join the BJP include Robert G Lyngdoh, S Loniak Marbaniang, Dr Sylvanus Lamare, Principal of St Edmund's College and other intellectuals.
“Before the 2018 elections, they had promised through the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong that the change would be brought first in Jaintia Hills, but we have seen the change in these days. “The people of Jaintia Hills will have to breathe in the smell of the wind which has come out of the garbage dump in Jowai,” he said.
Therefore, they request that on the 27th June, 2023, they will come out to the public to sign on their own symbols in the form of the hand (INC), two flowers (AMTCP), a bomb (UDP), a book (NPP), a ball and a man (IND) and also in the form of a flower (BJP).
The meeting was held at TRYSEM Hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner West Khasi Hills.
Justin Marboh scored the first goal in the 44th minute for Mawlynrei SC to win the match.
“The authorities should not take stingy this wish of the people and I know that if we want to invite thousands of people to visit the venue, there are but we don't want to choose that path. cause they shouldn't mess with the crowd," he said.
On the other hand, Dr Anisha Mawlong said that the Cancer Wing of the Civil Hospital Shillong has been operating since November last year and has served thousands of cancer patients.
The VPP leader explained to the people why the party has to take to the streets for this issue which has affected the unemployment of the youth.
Prof Solanki said that the human body produces up to 200 gm of carbon if it is pregnant and said that this is an important part of the fight against fight against climate change.
“But you are like this.
Using a powerful telescope, scientists have looked closer at the asteroid, which is estimated to be worth $10,000 quadrillion.
We don't know what the state government thinks, by saying that such a meeting of the Cabinet, brings about the feelings of the people, so this is a matter (perhaps) surprising to those who. Many, because these ministers will be there for only two or three hours at the meeting place and then they don't have a dorbar with the people, to listen to their concerns and then now the world is dark, the people don't see Therefore, in the end, it is just a waste of money.
“If you look at the smuggling of minerals, you cannot say whether it is illegal or legal but the tax revenue is very low.
On this occasion, the SP of Ribhoi urged the public not to believe these false news.
The bidders who download the documents shall have to pay along with their bid submission, the non refundable cost of Rs.3,000/- (Rupees Three Thousand only) in the form of a Demand Draft issued by a nationalized bank / foreign bank listed with the Reserve Bank of India having its branches in Shillong, India, payable to the Director Urban Affairs Shillong payable at Shillong.
Speaking at the programme, the Minister said that the state government has launched many programs to develop the state especially the youth so that they can escape from being misled by the evils of today. .
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has declared a public holiday on the 7th of this month.
In the second leg, Dkhiah West SC beat Wapung Combine SC 7-1 by Russia Dkhar in the 17th, 24th and 24th minutes. 60 & 70, Batbitbha Bareh in the 5th & 59th minutes and Dakani Shylla in the 63rd minute.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JACATAM President Emeral D Nongsiang said that the government has not yet responded or sent any information to the teachers and the strike will continue until the government calls for talks.
There are many errors and irregularities and especially the behavior of the High Level Committee of the Government of Meghalaya.
The UDP has won two ministerial seats while the BJP and HSPDP have won half each.
Prestone said that the BSF has lodged a complaint against Bah Running for allegedly fleeing with a truck on the night of 5th June. 2023 while searching and ordering to stop the truck by the BSF troops of the 4th Battalion patrolling on the Pynursla-Dawki road near Wahkdait village.
If the party leaders don't propose to anyone who has a crore, then they will be silent and completely defeated.
Kathleen Lyngdoh, Sd.
She also assured that she will not allow the political storm to enter the department because in the end health is the need of everyone and therefore the needs should be met by everyone and for that reason im want the fog of politics to get dirty in this department.
“Don't say that love for the party is greater than love for the nation.
He was arrested on charges of misuse of funds allocated for the construction of the NERS facility at Sadar Police Station Complex.
“In fact, all the clubs should have been invited before the draw because the SPL clubs should have been placed in all four zones”.
The group of organizations that met on Monday in Tura includes the Garo Students' Union (GSU) CEC, GSMC, AAYF, AAYWS and other other.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi Police, G.Lyngdoh Marshillong, DSP and others, while the meeting was attended by Nazarious Lamare, Superintendent of Police, DSP and others. They included KR Roy, SP Kamrup Rural and other Police Chiefs of Assam.
They are located in 22 parishes, namely, Mairang, Nongkhlaw, Kynshi, Nongkasen, Mawthong, Mawkyrwat, Munai, Nonghyllam, Mawpat, Rambrai, Umwahlang. Riangdo, Nongjri, Umdang, Shallang and Riangdim.
The Government has to clarify these feelings of the Seng and also of the people of the State before allowing foreigners to come to work in our State.
The Ri Bhoi Police have confirmed that the suspect will be punished according to the rules of law and the police will take action against such violence against women and children. “It will never happen again like this Samla has lost her life,” he added.
Pala, who is also the MP from Shillong, said he doubts that the NPP will vote for the NPP candidate in the Lok Sabha elections.
Those who grow ryndia and muka also have a valuable market, where skilled workers are also needed so that the production can be sufficient to meet the market.
All four constituencies, Pynursla, Sohra, Shella and Mawkynrew, come directly from Laitlyngkot, Nongkynrih, Laitkyrhong, Laitdiengsai, Thangsning and Mawkynrew.
“Of course, there are some leaders who have not come and we have to look at them to try to convince them in which way because these villages have been established according to the 2011 census. “I and the Hima will try to convince those who did not attend the meeting of the regional committee which was held on Thursday in Nongstoin,” said Bah Bajop.
Shillong: The Congress candidate from Pynursla constituency, Bah Nehru Suting, has admitted that the Titanic of the Congress party is now made of silver and will never sink again.
“Little children, it is the last hour” 1 John 2:18 “Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: :3.
In fact, those teachers should demand from the government to abolish these Councils, Commissions and Boards and to release the money that should go to them at the right time.
The meeting was attended by EMs Donkupar Sumer, Hadrian Lyngdoh, Victor Rani, Legislative Secretary, M Kharkrang Joint Secretary and B Sohtun Deputy Secretary.
Nongpoh: Fourteen persons including children and passengers of a Sumo number ML-06-5669, were injured when the Sumo collided with a truck. Another Maruti Baleno (ML-10B-9539) was coming from the opposite direction.
The court has ordered the closure of the PWD office in Dimapur for failing to pay the contractor.
Jowai, Lber 22: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai, Bikram D. Marak today informed the public that the traffic rules in Jowai city have been arranged as a temporary curfew from the 25th of this month. now is the month.
“The state government today received a letter sent by the HNLC regarding the proposal for peace talks,” said Bah Rymbui. news on Friday.
After that, another meeting of MEPA was held in which the Governor of Meghalaya was the chief guest and Manas Choudhuri was the chief guest. special guest speaker at the event.
It would be an embarrassment to our state and to health care providers," he said.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on July 3, 2013, has expressed his concern about the outcome of the discussions, discussions and suggestions on the recruitment quota. “Reservation Policy” is available in Meghalaya.
There is a fact that the father's race is better than the mother's race.
Jenny Marki Dhar, 85, of Umpling, was taken to Bethany Hospital on the 6th of this month.
If Garo do not work in the State, then the quota should not be given to them at 20%.
A few months later, he left the party to join the VPP where the people elected Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang as the MLA candidate of the party.
Regarding the attendance of many residents, he stressed the need to conduct awareness programs and urged the people to come forward to take action for the sake of health.
It is expected that those in charge of them should have come and taken any measures to avoid the fear of the people, especially to destroy.
In this regard I did not collect signatures, or send any signatures.
Sikkim Minister of Tourism, Civil Aviation and Commerce and Industry, BS Pant has spoken about the organic plantation in Sikkim. India to achieve 100 percent pesticide-free farming.
Therefore, these villages after the change, they went to meet with the staff of the PHE Mawkyrwat Division office but the office said that it will be difficult to get the scheme for the villages where the JJM scheme has been implemented. At the same time, they said that they will send the main line for the repair and it is up to the government to use another one.
Pala said the only thing this government has won is to take money to enrich a few people.
Chairman of NESO Samuel Jyrwa said that the police complaint will not change the position of NESO and let it happen as it happens but they will stand against it. a bill for the protection of minorities.
There were also exhibitions of traditional dishes of the Khasi and Garo including Ja stem, Wak Kapa, ​​WakMeseng, Pork, Syiar Kylla, Ta'a Holdi Rasin Natok So 'Achatni, Natok Brenga, Tungtap and Ja saw were not covered with wood.
“Those who have lost and cannot convince the people and even in their own party, continue to make excuses without justification, saying that the whole world is run by the BJP and the RSS. Prasad said in a tweet that they have been accused of working hard before the elections, but now you are criticizing us.
The power of the media and journalists comes from their right to put questions before those in power.
Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahaani will be released on 28th November
When the daughter told the truth, the mother could not help but tell from beginning to end all the things she saw in the relationship between Rida and Panah.
The SSDO has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District regarding the signs of the bridge. Rymphum on Monday.
He said that the district has been fortunate to have these schools where there is no fee but they have been provided according to the needs and perhaps this will be a great opportunity for the youth who have graduated from school. to choose the kinds of education and training that can lead them back to the right path and future.
Earlier, u Bah Paul said that yesterday, some political parties came to write to him on the border issue.
Therefore, on my part, I send this greeting to you Kong as a sign of my support for your hard work.
but you are talking about the loss of billions of rupees to the state government,” he said.
Most Rev Ferdinand Dkhar, DD, was ordained a Priest on 23rd July
Toi as an MLA should speak for the entire state.
On the house connection, u Bah Sawkmie said that phase 3 is in progress and he is confident that they will soon get a new water supply.
The farmers then went on to destroy Khattar's rally venue, where about 2,000 farmers, most of whom were BJP supporters, were still at the venue.
Roma Adhikari, the owner of the house, has lodged a complaint with the Nongthymmai Beat House Police Station.
As we have seen, the United States has sent aid and money to Ukraine since the beginning of the war last year until today. more than $100 billion, including $43 billion in military equipment.
“The suspects were identified as Gaddon Ramesh (DAKMS member), Kursam Bhima (Militia member), Madkam Saara (President of Janathan Sarkar Sakler RPC), Madvi. Ganga (a member of the Militia)," the statement said.
He urged the people to cooperate with the government from now on so that the government can provide better services for them in the future.
The Nongkhlaw Hima should have awarded the award to P.Shabong because there has never been a speaker like him. that cannot provide schemes or financial assistance, not the intellectuals who will build and enrich the thinking of the listeners or the children of the thousands of the kingdom.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government will consider and examine the rules regarding the extension of the age limit for youth to sit for the civil services examination.
Regarding the health sector, the government has spent money to protect the people of the state and the government is ready to face any challenges that may come before the Prime Minister. 399 crore has been spent for the people of the state in which 5 lakh people have been assisted in the state, 25 Corona Care Centers have been set up, beds from 600 to 1800 beds and in these Corona Care Centers up to 30,000 people live with food provided by the government.
The incident occurred at about 9 pm last night while the road blockade was in progress.
Jerusalem in Israel will remain until the time when it will be praised by all the peoples of the world when Jesus as King and Ruler comes to set foot again in Jerusalem by coming down on the Mount of Olives.
He said that many of the leaders from across the state have decided to join the party and this is not because we are encouraging them to join, but because they have seen that this is the party. The party has done its job properly as leaders.
The Assam Government's failure to return Block-I and Block-II in recent years shows that it wants to destroy these areas because it has turned these land into trees by the Karbi community as it has done in the area. Langpih has been involved in the construction of trees by Nepalis who have just arrived.
“Due to the NPP-led MDA 2.0 Government, the party has decided to hold a protest on the 17th of this month,” said Dr. Batskhem. .
“The reduction in the price of petrol is for the benefit of the people and the government should immediately reduce the price of petrol,” said the BJYM. The old bai shongbos but from now on the government is still implementing the new dor.
The bridge has been temporarily closed under Section 144 CrPC, which has strictly warned that vehicles are not allowed to pass through the bridge while the people are repairing the bridge.
According to the residents, the fire broke out because the house was located in a rudnong area and at the time of the fire, the neighboring people did not get a chance to destroy the house. It was late at night and until the sound of the tyndong lyer shet, the people came out and ran to the house, but when the residents found it, they couldn't. do nothing more as the fire began to consume the House.
The CORP condemns the District authorities for the lack of attention of the officers to address or do anything about the grievances of the people of Umden Mission who have been affected by the construction of the Umroi Airport.
On the other hand, Bah Hercules Suting, said that the union will not rest, but will continue to monitor the work of these contractors. To improve the road which has been destroyed and to improve the road in those areas which have been destroyed.
The President of the PP Club, Nicholas J Kharnami, said that the songs in the album are to spread the message to the people about the need to protect the environment and protect its surroundings.
Ernest said that about three incumbent MLAs will join the party to contest the upcoming elections from the BJP and these MLAs will be from parties like NPP, TMC and others. that party.
In the meeting, which has been held for three days, the farmers have decided to call a curfew on 8th November
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the Minister of State, Roshan Warjri, who expressed her gratitude to the Prime Minister, who has implemented this scheme for the benefit of the people especially the long family in this state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jamberson Marak said that the production of these songs is an encouragement to the youth to develop through the creation and production of songs which is one of the ways. Even at the age of 55 years old, he is still able to produce various songs.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned that heavy rainfall will continue in Meghalaya in the next three days.
This Whatsapp Group was named Sur U Paidbah Hynniewtrep or SUPH. SUPH was established with the aim of informing the Government about the problems faced by the people after the establishment of the SUPH. National Lockdown against COVID-19 and also to show the Government the shortcomings in the Government's preparedness against this serious disease.
Regarding the authorities, who have been able to smuggle even in the past years, the government, if it wishes, can find them by updating the National Register of Citizens (NRC). as in the state of Assam.
The ILP is strong to curb the influx of people into the state and the RLTV Bill of the government should be repealed to strengthen the ILP. Shillong, Nailur 29: The FKJGP Central Body (FKJGP) has strongly criticized the government leaders by saying that the ILP should not be implemented. At the same time, the FKJGP has alleged that when the Sengbhalang demanded ILP, the government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma has accused them of being “When he is in power, we too have to be in power. When he is in power, we too have to be in power,” said Marbud Dkhar, Chief Organizer of the party.
It is not clear who the party used, but it used the name “Modi Meghalaya”.
“It is worth mentioning that within the South West Khasi Hills District, they have been able to set up two sites, one at the ground of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat and at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Justice delayed, justice denied has been increasingly delayed and delayed.
Sixth the effort to introduce new valuable deliverable technologies – such as teachers, classrooms, and money – to the Federal and State Government and is challenging for implement the policy in a timely manner.
Speaking to media after the opening of a workshop on the construction of National Highways in Assam, Gadkari said, “Projects worth T.2,89,425 lakh crore have been allocated to them. The state has been in the North East for the past 10 years.
Prestone said the temporary closure of these gates by the state government is because many of the health workers in these areas cannot sleep properly. they need to rest.
In place of Rathore, the government has appointed the incumbent SP of South Garo Hills, Abraham T Sangma, MPS. SP of South Garo Hills.
“The villagers will become minorities,” he said, adding that Muslims marry villagers and have 7.8 children.
There is also a fighting between the Nongsynshar of the Hima-ki Elaka and this has severely affected the residents who are subjected to taxes and other violence.
These weapons will be released after Durga Puja.
Since then, Shillong has been the most famous city in the North East.
According to Bah Sniawbhalang, the government has issued an order ban ban appointments in the department due to lack of funds.
“Since the Farmers Act has been repealed in consideration of the feelings of the people of the country, I request the Government of India to repeal the CAA Act with the same feelings in mind. of the people of the North East," said Agatha.
Although there was no bloodshed today, it shows that the security forces in this country are slow and irresponsible.
Prestone said the government has banned the import of pigs from outside the state and will continue to ban the import of pigs from one district to another. they cannot eat the pigs inside the district.
“We see that these are attempts by these groups to divide the freedom of worship in India and also an attempt to suspend the celebration of Holy Thursday and Easter, which are Passah said that even after receiving the promise from the Deputy Commissioner, the statement sent by the Shree Hanuman Jayanti Utsav Samiti has been rejected. “For unavoidable reasons and with the permission of the district authorities, the Hanuman Jaynti Shobha Yatra has been postponed from 8:00 pm. on 07-04-2
Lahkmen said the delay in the release of the scholarship is due to the fact that 90% of the cost is borne by the state government and 10% by the government. middle.
A driver's license plate suspected to have been used in the robbery was also recovered and a bottle of water and half a bottle of kyiad were also seized from the scene.
Introducing the budget, the CEM said that the allocation for expenditure is 253,12,59,690 tyngka (253.1259 crore) while the allocation for production is 253,12,04,610 tyngka (253.1204 crore). “It is to be recalled that in the past years (2020-21 and 2021-2022) the state government has released funds through the 15th Finance Commission and in 2022-23 we have received the 2nd installment. 2020-21 and the 1st installment of 2021-22 (Tied Grant) and the remaining amount we expect to receive soon,” said the CEM. The Executive Committee also plans to set up a new office in New Shillong to facilitate the movement of employees and visitors to the office like other departments.
The Government does not say that traffic jam is a problem especially as this area is hilly and it is difficult to build new roads.
On this occasion, the KSU found that almost all the banks are operating without respecting this special day. open.
This Government is a very clever Government and does not ask the Central Government for a lot of money. However, in terms of development and growth, this Government has achieved a lot of money. .
He said the committee will seek time to extend the submission of the full report after the government recently set the date for submission of the report on November 31,
Bah Donbok Maiong, President of HYC Lai Shnong, said that the reason why the HYC has decided to help the school is after they saw that the school is in dire need of assistance. , for waterproofing during rainy season.
Adelbert said that the party as a whole on the grounds that everyone has the strong hope that he too will try to raise issues and especially if they are with others that if the public he is able to contribute to that cause, to lead to the goal of fighting for the needs of the nation as a whole.
At least 24 people, including 12 newborns, have died within 24 hours at a government hospital in Nanded district of Maharashtra.
Since the implementation of the SSA scheme in the State, existing private schools, schools run by churches or religious groups have received support or benefits from this scheme and this is the beginning of the problems that me now.
The quake was felt in many parts of Pakistan and India.
There are places where the police have worked together and there are places where the party has done it itself in places where there is no police.
Kevin Christopher scored 55 runs for the loss of three wickets along with Joydeepan Deb (44).
Many issues still need to be improved for Ritpaid like us.
The Calcutta High Court has ordered a CBI inquiry into the appointment of teachers by Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) officials in the hilly areas of Gorkhaland. West Bengal, the source said.
The woman expressed her sorrow over the theft of her land which she inherited from her grandparents.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The KSU South West Khasi and Langkynma unit has announced that it will follow up on this issue together with other political parties to abolish the use of EVMs. The government has imposed a ban on coal trucks in the Ranikor-Nongjri area of ​​South West Khasi Hills since 10th November.
KHNAM demands that if NEIAH does not take immediate action, the KHNAM will have to lodge a complaint with the police against the Director of NEIAH, for violating the Constitution of the country. Ri India and at the same time, KHNAM has made it clear that it will suspend the re-interview on 23rd July 2018 and until the special allocation has been allocated to the villagers of the State and KHNAM, At least 67 people have been injured when a public meeting of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, was held in Kathmandu. The meeting was held today at the Midnapore College ground in West Medinipur.
However, as the President has not yet formed the state executive committee and office bearers, the election of candidates has not yet been completed.
The 9trep and the 7trep have descended and risen through the golden bridge of Sohpetbneng to make this country of ours the Persoh Persyntiew shisnieh in the world: where righteousness as covered with the holy covenant, thylleng ka speh, the flow of rule in the country and the nation: and that law is written on the stones of the heart of the Khasi Khara.
He who has the truth is the one who has the truth.
He said that the funds collected for education have not been used until 2019 and the present government has diverted the funds collected in the form of revenue for maintenance. and build infrastructure on public school campuses across the state.
It's almost 1 o'clock,” said the mother and held her glass of water to speak.
The RAM on Thursday issued a statement saying that it will hold a program on the 3rd of October in which prominent figures in the field will participate.
She hoped that the training at this workshop will enrich the knowledge of the ASHAs to carry out their duties.
He said that during the heavy rainfall, some houses inside the village have been affected, as the water after flowing on the roads and highways, has also gone. to enter several houses.
The Kur of Chambugong and Tegite of Tura have lodged a complaint on the death of a young woman, Diana Dimre Ch Marak, who allegedly committed suicide. , it is because of the presence of evil and not because she has taken her own life.
“That is why we need to use our power of understanding.
Earlier, the government had confirmed that it would provide classes to the students of CMI University who are facing difficulties.
On the other hand, the Finance Secretary of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Bimansius Shakhwa, said that even after the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, there are still many quarries that have not been able to do so. He said that the illegal use of these parmaws is not known how they have escaped the law, but on behalf of HANM Ri Bhoi, they have made it clear. that they will not allow such illegal activities to go on in these areas.
The competition was held at New Nongstoiñ Square and the purpose of the competition is to open up and encourage the youth of the area to come forward and showcase their skills. the skills that they have through this rynsan.
Shillong: All India Congress Committee (ANC) spokesperson Babeeta Sharma declined to comment on the departure of Congress leaders from the party. you cannot force anyone to stay in the organization.
Advisor to the Chief Minister, Bah Hamlet Dohling, has promised to talk to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to allocate special funds for the development of programs to improve the skills of young children. bad young.
“What is the PWD Engineer in charge of the construction of the Legislative Assembly doing while the construction is in progress? The MPYC, he said, is the Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Regional Council (UPRNN) which has sub-contracted the project to the Badri Rai Company (BRC).
In the fourth match between Saiñdur Mihmyntdu and Lumsliar, Saiñdur Mihmyntdu drew 3-3
After this, the Commander had a meeting with some of the Rangbah Scheme of the area and said that he will take action to monitor the water supply scheme especially in relation to the Mawsaw Combine Water Supply Scheme which has been prepared for the past 10 years. slower.
However, these days, Dharmendra has moved in with his ex-wife Prakash Kaur and a few days later, Hema Malini has complained, “No one wants to , that you may be like this.
The incident of a school child being hit by a two wheeler in Laitumkhrah is a two-wheeler, but such a driving habit has been seen and witnessed by the people every day.
The Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, John 14:15-1
Rai and her father went to the house of Rabri Devi, Tej's mother, to talk things out and try to bring peace. only to realize that it is no longer easy.
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places" (Eph 6:12).
Regarding the institution, he said that the goal of the institution is to attract students from other East Asian countries as a whole. students and patients from Nepal, Bangladesh and Bhutan.
“It is very sad that the BJP government has passed this Bill which will affect the minorities and when the Dkhars come to live in the villages, it is very sad,” said the president of the MPMC. you are a small paid nation.
“The time is now to find ways and means how to market our agricultural products,” he said. He urged the office to hold such an exhibition every year and also to conduct training programs for the farmers. sellers of agricultural products so that they can be marketed around the world.
That night was really happy for them – one was the fellowship and the company and the other was that they had made Thei feel something.
Shillong: U Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titostarwell Chyne, on Friday, 20th June, visited the market.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: An earthquake has struck Assam on Tuesday after receiving an SMS message that there will be a bomb blast in Guwahati at the venue of the Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi's meeting.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad said that 52 years have passed but the Riangdo Stadium has remained the same without receiving any assistance to improve and build it properly but this time it will be a memorable one. where this ground will soon be transformed and will be built and improved.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the JCCRP urged the people to attend this meeting which is necessary for the benefit of the people, where the government has agreed to renew or create the Reservation Policy which has been in Shilliang for a long time. This is a great opportunity for all the people to have their say in this Dorbar.
The league will be held in the second month of November, said a statement from the Sports Secretary, Khatarshnong Area Sports Club.
In a statement, Tanbor Lyngdoh Marshilong expressed his special gratitude to Ridondor Lyngdoh Marshilong, his eldest daughter.
He said that the goal is to select one, if not many, athletes to represent the state in international professional athletes who will compete in the biggest tournaments. in the world.
Vincent said that the competition itself was very difficult and challenging, because the river which held the competition was very strong and terrible, and the medal was awarded to It is an honor and pride for him as a coach and for the federation as a whole.
This road, which is about 4 kilometers long, has been suspended in the past few months due to the suspension by the Public Works Department (PWD).
They include N'Golo Kante (Al-Ittihad) and Kalidou Koulibaly (Al-Hilal) who have moved to Saudi Arabia, while Kai Havertz and Mason Mount are expected to join Arsenal and Manchester United. .
The order was issued by the former Meghalaya High Court, comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W. Diengdoh. against the Government of Meghalaya.
In a statement, Daniel said the minister confirmed this during a meeting at his office yesterday.
eastkhasihills.
As usual every year, the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has held a Panaliar Week before the end of this year.
When asked about these signs of change, which as us Syiem, the mother sees and sees such a day of destruction of the household, the Pa'iem said that at the time when he When I was young, there were many old men who, on this day of the new construction of the house, knew how to build, but as the days went by, they didn't have any more. riew rim, the Hima has to invite or invite thousands of children from other villages and townships to come and give their right hands and left hands. help to clean the house of the sad and the house of sunon.
A young woman from Donaskur, East Jaintia Hills District, has been allegedly abducted by a foreigner from Assam.
If you open the door, you will get sick from the uncleanness of the household.
“We feel that if we cannot stop this at this time, it shows that the Government of India has a secret agenda to allow this conflict to continue in Manipur,” said Bah Jyrwa.
In the Khasi religion, we don't hear of such divisions in the family just because of marriage except if it is not marriage.
If it weren't for other states, it would have been a lot easier but there would have been many obstacles.
The Lamphang seat has been held by the UDP since the formation of the MDA government in which Dr Donkupar Roy was the Lamphang of the UDP until his sudden death recently.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: U Bah Phrangki Rynjah has been elected as the full Dolloi of Muskut Elaka in West Jaintia Hills after winning by 20 votes against his brother Donbhalang Rynjah.
We see that the Israelites will not have true peace until they know and accept that Jesus is their MESSIAH according to the Word of God.
To Shalini Agarwal, Commissioner, Surat; to Divyank Singh, CEO, Indore Smart City; u M.Prathap, CEO, Coimbatore Smart City; Ankit Khandelwal, CEO Agra Smart City, also gave explanations on the appropriate practices adopted in their cities.
“The SEC of the MMSA...has decided that if the Government ignores the demands of the MMSA, we have no choice but to hold protests,” said the General Secretary of the MMSA. Dr.R.Pohsnem in a letter sent to the Secretary in-charge of the Department of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
Folklore has also been introduced to teach the youth how to respect their own culture, to express respect and respect for others. that culture.
These include EGH: 3, EJH: 7, EKH: 132, RBD: 12, SGH: 1, SWGH: 4, SWKH: 19, WGH: 5, WJH: 47 and WKH:
June- July.
When asked whether the High Level Committee has any opinion, Dr. Mukul said that the HLC has many shortcomings and if the government accepts it, The HLC has decided that the government has seen that the Act is only a delay.
“We were born at a time when he was an MLA and after that, he became a minister.
When asked whether he is not afraid to keep these animals, he said that he is not afraid because he loves the animals very much.
Today, the police had to use lathi charge at several shops to force them to close.
He said that the village of Thynroit is famous for the presence of traditional healers to treat the sick especially those who are paralyzed by the diseases. In the past, medical visitors used to complain about the deterioration of the road but now it takes only minutes to travel from Smit or Thansning to Thynroit.
Raising the issue in the House, Sangma said how can the government use this policeman as a PSO who is also a SWAT with a gun and this is something that cannot be done. tremendous.
Tech Officer, FOSTIS/Library CSIR-Central Food Technol.
Shillong: U Grace Mary Kharpuri on Tuesday rejected the post of Dy.CEM proposed by the United Democratic Party (UDF). grounds that she supported the UDA which led her to reject the seat.
At the same time, a petition was submitted regarding this demand.
Son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel.
He also praised the school principals, that although the school is located in the remote areas, the attendance of the children is high and reaches less than 300 thousand.
However, what the organization says is that Christians are not included in the minority group.
Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “It is very sad that a man who leaves his home to earn a living will fall into the hands of drug addicts who will shoot, beat, rob and take also the life of this man.
Keynote address was delivered by the Waheh Shnong, ST Rymbui who explained the goal of the Dorbar Shnong to revitalize and revitalize the village through the planting of trees in every household to help curb the growth of the village. thickening as the days go by.
This will benefit about 49.93 lakh central government employees and 65.26 lakh pensioners.
According to the residents of Siejlieh village, the incident happened at about 10:30 pm, when the storm destroyed 15 households in the village. and there were also houses which were destroyed by the trees.
“There is no problem but there is only concern because at present the banks are still providing to distribute to the people what they should do,” said the Union Minister of State for Finance. Arjun Ram Meghwal, Minister of Corporate Affairs, today spoke on the ban on T.1000 and T.
Banteilang Nongkynrih scored the third goal for Laitryngew in the 18th minute but Jyntru FC scored the second goal in the 22nd minute. Badaminot Nongphlang scored the second goal for Laitryngew in the 45th minute.
He said that tourists who come to the area come by Assam vehicles and hundreds of Assam vehicles flow to Sohra every day.
I don't believe that there is any country or nation without problems, but I have to say that looking at the current state of our country and nation, the number one problem we are facing is in the world thought.
“I am very grateful that my son will sue his parents when he knows that we are both lawyers,” said Kavita.
NPP Spokesperson HM Shangpliang said that in place of these three persons, the government has appointed IW Ingty, IAS as the Director of Inquiry and Prosecution. officers including Chalang G. Momin, John C Sangma and Bah Banteilang Diengngan.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 15: Evalyni Kharbani, the HSPDP candidate for the upcoming elections, has said that the residents of Khlieh Umwang area have complained about the deterioration of the road. and improve the road to reach the village which the people have been waiting for decades for the government to turn its back.
Later, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw launched the Excluded Areas Scheme of KHADC at a cost of 5 lakh tyngka on the 18th of this month.
Sumon Tudu of Kharkhana UP School, Daiomika Shylla of Pasadwar UP School and Federation Swer and Kobita Tati of Kamsing LPS were awarded prizes. Bah Augustine Pamblang in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, Village Officials and School Children.
Therefore, remember that you need to take good care especially during pregnancy and childbirth because that is the time when you need to get the best care,” said Kong P Dkhar.
He said that parents and relatives are not able to afford the cost of transportation and other necessities, as it is understood that the cost is high because it is necessary for those who need it. who have the spirit to help to make a special contribution for this young man.
Shillong: As the day approaches to contest the elections in the state, political parties, not only those in the opposition, but also those in the In the government, they have started to shake hands and blame each other for many charges.
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM said that it is sad to know that Khasi women with jaiñkyrshah come out to own their goods and equipment. of those who are not Khasi.
The registration fee will be 10,000 tyngka and participants will be restricted to residents of Meghalaya.
He urged the public to inform the police if they have any information about the incident.
The Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM-JD) of the Jowai Diocese has been renamed the Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM-JD) since the day the organization received its full constitution. Jowai Diocese Catholic Youth Movement (JDCYM).
The train has reached parts of Garo Hills because they want it.
The Chief Minister said that talks with the Electricity Department will continue tomorrow morning with the Central Electricity Department to resolve the issue of light outages in the state.
Mawphlang MLA Syntar Klas Sunn today sent a letter to the Minister of Environment and Natural Resources, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, urging the government to immediately provide relief measures to the victims. populations affected by the forces of nature.
In the fire, the fridge and freezer were completely burnt down and the damage reached Rs 10 lakh.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has installed giant screens at the First Ground in anticipation of the match.
The Central Government has earlier said that it does not intend to impose martial law in Garo Hills as the situation does not require it and has decided to appeal to the Supreme Court against the decision of the High Court. Court.
It’s something the kids are wearing for the first time.
Dehydration : Drinking about two liters of water is important.
If the roundhouse of the Legislative Assembly of the State is still incomplete, what will happen to the tournament? Do you know what the new round house will be like or how long it will last? We just urge everyone to be wary of government buildings because we’ve seen so many examples before us.
Shillong, July 14: The Joint Action Committee of ASHA Facilitators and ASHAs have announced that they will stop working and will not go to give polio vaccine for the three days which the government has announced from the 19th to the 19th of this month. 21 and short.
The road is two kilometers long and connects passengers from Smit area to Nongstoin, Sohra, Mawkyrwat and surrounding areas.
He said that at the time of the shooting, they did not say anything but shot him.
M. Kharlyngdoh, Coordinator IQAC, Sngap College, Mawkyrwat and Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat gave the welcome speech. please.
Through this scheme, the MLA can distribute tin sop household items or sports equipment or donate money or build dorbar halls or provide musical instruments to the youth or help people to set up shops and how ter-there.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms. AP Syiem said that Nephington Laloo Memorial Secondary School is the first Higher Secondary School in Wahiajer to open a Higher Secondary School and congratulated all those who have contributed to this good work.
As the saying goes: “You can lead a donkey to a well, but you cannot force it to drink if it doesn't want to.
Meghalaya will now play against Tripura tomorrow.
He said that there is another difference because when they go to khwai in the ponds, they have to pay money to the owners of the ponds.
The music and dancing of the Prah song at the school was organized by the students and the celebration of the teachers at the school was organized by the students.
However, according to the information, the Taxation Department has not been able to provide the price of these goods per kilogram.
“Our area is rich in players but due to the lack of grounds or playgrounds, most of our youngsters lose their talents,” said Bah Hamlet.
Government employees such as officers, ministers, MLAs, MDCs also have their own positions as “leader”.
The meeting to form the MIMTF was held at Garobadha, West Garo Hills.
The important thing is that the government should have a strong working force through the education department so that the deficit system should not be given to those who demand on the grounds that they are old schools, while the enrollment is decreasing. slowly decreasing.
On the other hand, MTOSA has expressed its deep sorrow over the collapse of the bridge at Sonapur as it has affected the traffic especially trucks carrying goods.
“We feel that it will be a great loss to the people if we lose this opportunity.
The maturity and responsibility of the Rangbah Kur will be a great example for the youth of the Kur to respect their Kur and maintain the manners and dignity.
The entry of the people into the grounds of the GHADC, has shocked the employees who are in their workplaces and which has prompted them to flee from their rooms, for fear of a fire. There was a clash in the area, according to the report.
This is a problem for the youth who want to study hard, but have become unemployed just because of their age.
Ali has directed the relevant departments to improve the facilities in the area and also to the two hospitals in Georgetown to fight as hard as possible. to provide adequate treatment for all the injured.
Therefore, those who visited Nongkhlaw CHC on 13th June, 2021 and thereafter are requested to quarantine themselves for 10 days.
Shillong: A total of 3,677 candidates have passed the HSSLC examination in Science.
The Seng Kur is deeply saddened by this incident and expresses its deep shock and sorrow when it was learned that one of its members has been abducted and killed by bloodthirsty robbers. They also stole a tourist taxi (Swift Dzire) with registration No: ML04 D
These dorbars will be chaired by the CEM of KHADC. “The number of members of the Executive Dorbar will be discussed in detail and the term of office of members will be 3 years”, said the CEM of KHADC. The FTD will meet again on the 3rd of November.
“Without seeing the demands of the HPC, I cannot say too much but my concern is only for the government employees,” he added.
The Seng also sends its condolences to her father, mother, brothers and sisters, relatives, relatives and all those who have a relationship with her, may they receive the peace of God. Lord, we pray that the soul of (L) Walinda Binong will reach the throne of God.
All this is due to the beauty of Meghalaya unlike other places, the creeks, the hills, the valleys, and many others.
Because as we have seen until that morning, the weather is uncertain, the wind is strong and the earthquakes are stronger than usual.
The prizes were distributed by the Addl.Deputy Commissioner Mark Andrew Challam who also urged all the athletes to win in spirit and in the heart.
“I am no longer the Minister in charge of Sam Bording and I cannot see the report of the inquiry although the inquiry report has been submitted to the Government,” said James Sangma.
Mairang, July 31: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the elections to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. The election has been concluded.
Shillong: There have been 513 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 307 recoveries and 14 deaths.
Shillong, July 20: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawroh, Bah Peter Lamare today informed the MLA PT Sawkmie and the Director of DHS, Dr Aman War in the presence of Adrina Lyngdoh, DMHO. There is an urgent need to upgrade this Primary Health Center to a Community Health Centre.
Speaking to reporters, Pastor NS Phawa, Administrative Secretary, SHRO Ministry, Trust, said that on Friday last month, Bah Ardent had called him to talk about the availability of space at Madan Student, but the network of the phone was down and he could not talk anymore. Ardent announced that he will hold a meeting on the 19th at Madan Student.
Regarding the formation of the Government, Bah AL Hek said the decision will be taken by the top leaders of the party.
These two villages have strongly condemned and opposed the Assam government's plan to build a university, to build a road from Lapangap to Khanduli and to set a boundary in the Khanduli-Lapangap area without the knowledge of the government. Meghalaya, JHADC and Village Council.
Jowai, July 3: The controversy over the post of Rangbah Shnong in Ummulong has not ended yet and continues even after the High Court has overturned the decision to remove the Rangbah Shnong of Shelsing Langi.
It relies completely on God and his guidance.
In another development, the Meghalaya Truck Owners' Association (MEPA) has decided not to publish any news sent by the JHTOA. ) under the leadership of Balen Thubru as a sign of protest against the assault by him and his followers on two journalists Ruhi Phawa and Paul Lamare, who are also members of the Jaintia Hills Journalists' Association, MEPA has urged all newspapers whether print or electronic to cooperate not to publish any news related to the JHTOA. MEPA has also expressed its shock over the shooting of these two journalists who were arrested while on duty to expose the illegal coal trade. Jaintia Hills which is against the order of the National Green Tribunal.
Conrad K Sangma also urged Bah AL Hek to act like a rangbah and said that the actions of Bah AL Hek are not appropriate and if there are any misunderstandings they should discuss them. within their party and anything else that Bah AL Hek says or does should not affect the Government.
Some of these prominent figures include Pynthorumkhrah MDC PN Syiem, Mylliem MDC RV Lyngdoh, Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar and many others.
Besides the price of coal, which these companies set is very low, the price is also the same as coal.
It has been a great benefit and blessing for the school children, who have to cross the river, especially during the rainy season it is difficult and impossible to work across the river, due to the height of the water.
Also present on the occasion were the MDC of the area, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej. , District Superintendent of Police Bah MB Syiem, officers of various government departments, village leaders, students and residents of Nongthyllep.
The source said that the robbers shouted from the door, “Don't open the house because we need to talk urgently”. She refused to open the door, but the robbers forced her and when the child asked permission from her parents, she opened the house and after opening the house, the robbers said Nokma “Mama, come outside because you don't need to talk”.
“As the village official I have been the Sports Secretary and the Rangbah Dong, I know all the families in Laban who are poor and who are low income,” he said.
This night he didn't sleep again.
Church Subject “Seek the Lord and his strength” Psalm 105:4
The death toll has risen to 2,494 from 1,258 on Tuesday.
“We have made this issue clear from day one and we will continue to oppose if there is anything against our people.
Protein intake : Most of us – even among those who eat vegetables, do not provide enough protein through the food we eat.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said that this smart classroom will make it easier for teachers and students because everything is recorded here. to record online, it will facilitate the online class and what is on the smart phones is available on this screen whether it is in any part of the study and this is also through the internet connection.
He said that the lack of space in the textbooks of the area in schools has made other citizens of the country not to know anything about what happened in the past in these areas. not to feel that this part of the country is not so much a part of the country because no one ever talks about the area.
At the inauguration of the Williamnagar Municipal Office cum Market Complex, the Minister said that this is a step to meet the needs of the residents.
Those who received treatment included 222 cases of CHDs (Congenital Heart Defect), 142 cases of Club Foot and 258 cases of Cleft Lip and Palate.
The Seng of Land Dealers cannot accept such unfounded allegations,” said the General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Shane Thabah in a statement sent to the media.
Jevellin Wanniang has already registered with the District Commerce and Industries Center (DCIC) office in South West Khasi Hills District. the assistance of this office.
They have given 10 months to the Khasi District Council to remove Bah Thabah and if this happens, they have threatened to appear before the office of the Khasi District Council.
Babu H.Witting Mawsor, a teacher at Nongstoin College, asked, “When only one person dies, what will happen if he dies in a line like in other countries?” More people have died than those who have not been infected with corona virus due to the infection on the day of the funeral.
Before his arrival, the Committee and his family members had decided to quarantine him at home.
Umwang, Naitung 29: Twenty-two MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today visited Raid Nongtung of Ri-Bhoi district to pay their respects to the victims of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). residents of the area who have been harassed by insurgent groups and Assam police.
This does not mean that the findings of the investigation into Bernard's involvement cannot be confirmed by the IO but the court found that further evidence is needed on these allegations.
In this regard, the Resubelpara Police Station has registered a case and is conducting a thorough investigation to track down the robbers involved in the destruction of the sacred objects of the church. on the 24th of this month.
It is suspected that the suspect has been sdien phasi since the day he attacked the child who had left Lawbyrtun to go to school in Mawkyllei.
It was at this place that the bullets hit the Gypsy vehicle of the police which was patrolling and in this incident the head light on the right side was damaged and the tire on the right side was also damaged. at this point there was a response from the security forces lasting approximately five minutes.
However, both sides fought hard and showed their skills in this match but until the end of the 90 minutes no one could separate the score.
In the past few days, Russia has damaged several Ukrainian facilities, including several Ukrainian power plants and many Ukrainian cities have been forced to leave. sit dark without power.
She also condemned Mukul's lack of attention to the enactment of the two Bills passed by the KHADC and JHADC relating to khaddar administration.
Dr. Richa said that they are more concerned about those residents who are in need, low income and especially those who live in remote areas.
Saudi Arabia, along with its allies, has been intensifying its pressure on countries fighting against the Yemeni government, which has continued for three months. , in this country.
It is here that Satan has ridden on our nation.
As part of the celebration of World Health Day, the State Tuberculosis Officer, Meghalaya on Thursday held a training session for school children on the impact of TB or tuberculosis at Brookside Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 7 : Two MLAs of the PDF have decided to join the NPP after the MLA election. in Sohiong.
He said that various Western countries, which have been providing support from money to military equipment from time to time during Ukraine's war against Russia, have also celebrated the and commemorate the 10th anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which is also the largest conflict in Europe in modern times since the outbreak of World War II. Two.
Some of the children who applied for this scholarship have been rejected because it was found that some of the children do not live in the villages within the border and some of them have not received their application forms. signed by the BADO and Principal of the schools and some have submitted their forms late.
The match between the two teams was very fierce in the second half.
The tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai.
In Shillong, it was seen that many children especially those who come from poor families who buy waidong, sell cigarettes or beer.
“This Congress government led by Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma is the most corrupt in the history of the world and its days are coming to an end,” he said.
The program was part of the 147th birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhai Patel and the theme was “Unity in Cultural Diversity” in collaboration with the Department of Sociology under the leadership of Dr. Jemima Maji Marak and the Organizing Committee. recognize the different languages.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to questions from the Opposition in the House, said that as part of the protection of the indigenous people of the state, the Meghalaya government has introduced the Resolution to demand that the Government of India should exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the CAA
Sanborlang was arrested in Jowai.
The VHP on the 2nd of this month wrote to the President of the country, Draupadi Murmu to take action regarding the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati area, and the party demanded They also demanded an inquiry by the Central Government agencies, either the CBI or the NIA, and demanded compensation to the families of the two.
Regarding the health sector, through this meeting, they decided to improve the working methods in CHCs, PHCs, Sub-Centres, besides there was also a discussion to improve the working methods in Nongpoh. Civil Hospital, that is, in terms of the supply of medicines, treatment and others that are of benefit to the people.
bakla Since the beginning, I have been allowed to do these things.
Our vision is to revive, improve and transform our state, we want as a party to bring back the image of the tree as it used to be in the past because this is the time to build the country and the nation,” he said.
“We will allow the government to decide on the matter and if it doesn't do anything, we will do it ourselves,” said the judge.
He said that if Assam continues to commit violence, as a leader, I will not hesitate to take measures to protect the Khasi people from being committed by the Khasi people. Police in Assam.
These traditional women and children of the “khaitpohjar” will fight to protect their unfounded group anywhere.
NONGSTOIN: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Saturday announced the creation of two new committee members. The C&RD Block in Rambrai and the new PWD Division in Mawshynrut.
The Jaipur meter is the same.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills today announced that vehicle manufacturing factories such as trucks on the roads will be exempt from the curfew.
Out of the 2,069 cases, East Khasi Hills has 1,363 cases including 30 Armed Forces personnel and 1,333 civilians. West Khasi Hills District has 49 cases and South West Khasi Hills has 49 cases. There are 15 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 248 cases including 47 Armed Forces and 201 civilians. There are 177 cases including 22 Armed Forces personnel and 155 civilians, 10 cases in South West Garo Hills, 33 cases in South Garo Hills, 48 ​​cases in East Garo Hills and 155 cases in North Garo Hills. Hills district has 25 members.
In the second half, R.Shkenshynriah SC beat R.Wahshnong SC 5-1 goals. Ribiang Dkhar scored the goals in the 15th, 58th and 86th minutes. ), Hikaidame Bareh in the 69th minute and Roiboklang Bareh in the 90+2nd minute.
Referring to the Garo people who are residents of Khasi Hills, he said that their demand for Garo Land will not affect the Garo people who are residents of Khasi Hills. residents of Assam and even Bangladesh.
Shillong, Lber, 27: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday sent a letter to the Secretary to the Chief Minister in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and to the Minister of PHE, Marcuise. N.Marak requested them to find ways and means to alleviate the water shortage in the villages that still fall under the North Shillong Constituency.
Thankyou Mukhim scored the other two goals in the 29th and 42nd minutes.
The New Shillong Township (NST) has started to swell with the passing of the days.
In this regard, the union expresses its anger against the behavior of the employees of MEPDCL and soon in the coming days the union will meet with the Minister in charge of Electricity to demand and punish the people who don't be afraid to do this.
Expressing that organic farming is another way to encourage the farmers, the Minister said that at present up to 32000 hectares of farming have been used in this method of farming. The Government plans to expand to 50,000 hectares by
Not only did they set the questions, but the students also told us that the question papers they set were only a few of the questions in the text book. that they read from every chapter.
The competition was divided into two categories, Solo and Group Dance.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Bah RM Shabong, Chairman of the Coordination of Indo Bangladesh Riwar People.
Large construction projects worth tens of crores of rupees allocated by the Central Government are ignored by the State Government and given to others (Hima) and whether the Government will receive a share of the proceeds from them.
Under the Emergency Covid Relief Package-1, T.25 crore for Meghalaya and under the Emergency Covid Relief Package-2, T.117 crore.
At the time of writing, it is not clear how many people have suffered from the disease.
Other districts are West Khasi Hills with 2368 cases, South West Khasi Hills with 334 cases, Ri-Bhoi District with 2749 cases, East Jaintia Hills with 556 cases, West Jaintia Hills with 4461 cases and East Garo Hills with West Garo Hills has 5889 cases, South Garo Hills 1808 cases and North Garo Hills District has 1677 cases.
And the next day he said that he had returned their money.
It was also found that not only private vehicles, commercial vehicles or government vehicles were slowly moving like a sword and did not allow the people to cross the road.
The reporter also spoke to the woman who was shocked by the electricity fire and she said that she was working in the house where she was working and she was cleaning on the terrace. She said that she has cleaned up the garbage in the drainage well because the water does not flow and near the house there are four electricity signs passing through and while She was throwing garbage when her hand got stuck in the sign and after a while she lost consciousness until she reached the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ.
Police have seized these wild animals from a vehicle passing through the Khawzawl-Rabung road.
The voice of the people is that they are more eager and eager for the Syiem to resolve the issue in the village in order to restore peace and order in the village rather than going to the party. , while the people feel restless and anxious under local governance.
In the second half, no one could score a single goal but in the second half, Kharraswai FC and Mawsynram SC managed to score. by scoring one goal.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that although the state government has imposed a containment measure only in three cities, the government has also decided to ban to certain occupations statewide from January 1 to January 10, 2021.
The Union of Auto Drivers (AU) appeals to the public to support the increase in the price of 5 tyngka by the drivers and owners of autos, as the reason for the increase is that they are no longer happy with the price increase. The price of petrol and diesel has increased sharply in recent months.
On the other hand, the Assistant General Secretary of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Donroi Kshiar, said that the union has lodged a complaint regarding this road on 10th June 2019 and 2019 June The Assam government has forcibly built the road without any permission from the KHADC and the state government.
Before the awards ceremony, a gymnastics performance was held which impressed all the athletes and the guests.
I climbed to the top of the building, I looked up and I felt a little happy that God had given me this opportunity.
S.O.Bamon from the Church, Women's Church, Youth Church, Children's Church, Sunday School and also from the Church School.
There was a company of Mikir and Garo who were under the control of King Wickliffe.
He urged all the 30 trainees to be diligent and persistent, he expected that after this training, they will be able to support and start their own businesses according to the skills they have acquired in the field of sewing. , making crafts and dried flowers.
Regarding the evacuation of the residents, Dhar said that the department will have to go through one phase and is currently preparing these arrangements and all these arrangements will be completed. the department will be able to evacuate these people.
He also urged the village leaders not to talk too much to those people who are walking and standing, but to speak in a calm manner.
Also, Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, a volunteer, who has worked since the time of Lockdown2 to distribute relief to those low income families and to the refugees affected by covid-1
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the BJP has not introduced the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 in the Rajya Sabha because it has not listened to the voice of the people.
He strongly warned that during these days no alcoholic beverages should be sold, served or distributed in hotels, shops and others or in any public place or private place or inside the shops. vote.
If the ministers mislead the House, how much more to the people who don't know the laws of the government.
On the other hand, the four organizations explained that in Meghalaya, online education cannot benefit all the students as many of them come from poor families and there are still many places in the state. you don't have a network.
This question was raised by Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn who wanted to know the progress of the work and the employees of the college.
Recalling the days before the JJM, she said that this scheme has solved the problems of having to fetch water from one well.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 07: The Extra Assistant Commissioner (EAC) of Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division, today announced that the office of the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division will be temporarily relocated to the building of Riangdo Primary Health Center (PHC). ).
The Nationalist Progressive Party (NPP) has nominated the second son of Purno A Sangma as its candidate for the party. for the mid-term MP elections from Tura Parliament to the Lok Sabha.
However, after the World Cup, Wan-Bissaka lost his chance despite making 32 appearances for United to win the Carabao Cup and FA Cup final.
The FPwD also demanded that the government should make full time employees of those with disabilities who work temporarily as muster roll in government departments and urged the government to talk to private groups or companies to employment or appointment of persons with disabilities.
Therefore, all these decisions were taken publicly today, 23rd July, 2023 to implement and do whatever is necessary for the benefit of the people of the Hima Langrin Syiemship.
He said that after the implementation of the GST, the price of sugar has increased to T.44 per kilo and this is the wholesale price.
Dewan is from Barpeta, but he works as a sohsaw farmer in Iewduh.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, tweeted that there are 936 cases in the state and 521 cases in Guwahati.
However, the VPP leaders who spoke in the Assembly made it clear that this demand does not mean to oppose or deprive the Garo people of their rights, but to restore the rights of the Garo youth. Khasi Jaintia Hills should not be included.
Do the elders not have mothers, sisters or sisters and why don't they think about it when such incidents happen in the society?
The Dienshonhari defines the dulir-juban-tyrwa as a public announcement of political candidates, and the purpose of the group as a political party.
Applicants must be students of AICTE institutions who have passed an approved Degree/Diploma Course in the 1st/2nd/3rd/4th year and applicants must not have passed one of the Central Government, State Government AICTE Sponsored Scholarship.
They were ruled by many kings of the kingdoms of the earth one after another.
The two MDCs joined the NPP on 28th March and within a day they were elected to the Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat, CEM JHADC. The Wah Lukha Association, the villages along the Lukha River who earn their living by fishing in the river, have demanded that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) should cancel the plan to auction the river to private fishermen.
It is undeniable that every year, if you walk around the West Khasi Hills from November to October, the hills and forests have burnt down for this reason.
JOWAI: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with NESFAS, Shillong and with the support of REC will hold a Rice Festival to revive the seeds. They were arrested at Mukhap village in Thadlaskeiñ district.
According to sources, the campaign for the presidency is in full swing.
We feel that this evil intention against anyone elected threatens the peace and happiness of living together,” the letter said.
The BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie announced the candidates at the party office in Delhi.
Khliehriat West SC on Tuesday beat Rangad SC 5-4 (penalty) to qualify for the semi final of the First Division Football Tournament (EJHDFA). ) in the match held at the artificial turf field, Diengshynrum.
In addition, about 100 political leaders have been arrested along with other party leaders, who are believed to be responsible for the disruption of law and order in the state. shrink.
He said that in the meeting with the CEM, it was good because he expressed his willingness to take action and urged the party to cooperate on the issue of trading licenses so that the issuance of trading licenses can be reduced. Foreign States in areas where there are few Khasi who can work and in places where Khasi cannot work, the trading license to foreigners shall be revoked.
After winning the toss, WKH chose to bat first and led the team by 51 runs from Dubleen D Nengnong to reach 136/3 in 20 overs.
The Congress leader will leave Shillong tomorrow for Garo Hills.
At about 9.30 pm on the 10th of June, the family members of the child requested to release him for treatment.
Langpih is still covered with forests.
Prestone Tynsong said that the health workers, as well as the public who are working with the government in the fight against COVID-19, have received adequate training. , therefore the government does not agree to re-implement the Total Lockdown in the state.
As it turns out Ryan and Hugh are very close friends and they like each other.
At Weiking Square, a welcome speech was delivered by Rgh MF Blah, President, and on the part of Rgh Skor Jala, he gave a vote of thanks.
When it was partitioned, it became an enemy, Hindustan and Pakistan, until it was too late.
It is very pleasant to read the word “pastor” in this election.
The Government of Meghalaya has moved quickly to set up a Regional Committee to conduct the second phase of the boundary talks in West Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and Jaintia Hills Districts. Assam has not yet formed a Regional Committee as it did in the first phase.
“Not only on the status of the state, we will also discuss other issues.
Noting that the matter is now in the hands of the State Government, the Chairperson of the MHRC said that he has done his best and has submitted the report submitted to the State Government.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Fire Brigade Traffic Police has revised the traffic rules for vehicles coming from St. Edmund's to Jingkieng. Turn right and turn right on the National Highway.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The registration of beneficiaries for the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme has gone smoothly in Garo Hills but in Khasi Hills it has not been heard whether the department will do so.
Thaiang said that this can be verified because the Labang-Nongphyllut Pangam Raliang Council has proper documents and has demanded from the Assam government from time to time to return the area. and Pangam Raliang from Mikir Hills to Jaintia Hills.
The Seng also sends its condolences to the children of this man and to the family members of this man that they should not feel alone but the Seng will always be with their family in any situation. I don't need you.
The 11 persons arrested could not produce any documents regarding the sugar they were carrying in their vehicles.
Shortly after, an officer of the KHADC came to request Paul Leong to send a copy to the CEM's office of the order of the High Court on the prohibition to close shops if they do not have the right to shop. Trading License and informed that the CEM wants to meet with Leong on Thursday but Paul Leong said that the CEM has to wait for him. to meet again until tomorrow Thursday.
There have been 3,915 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 2,34,0
Agatha K.Sangma, Hon’ble Member of Parliament (Lok Sabha) for Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, State Level Public Grievances Committee, Chairman, The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, & Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States , submitted a memorandum on 15th October 2022 in Delhi, on the urgent need to amend Articles 338 and 338A of the Constitution of India and on the need to implement the treaties. The petition includes the letters sent by the GCCM and FKS from time to time to Delhi and the replies sent by the Government of India especially the The Government of India has not yet completed the amendment of the provisions of the Special Article of the Constitution of India.
Why does NAM help to market kyiad? Stop drinking kyiad so that the economy of the state will improve, teach the government until it stops, don't buy kiad anymore, don't donate anymore Even if the government says “buy one get one free”.
Former KSU Jaintia Hills Unit President Ohibait Dkhar told a short story about Woh Tep Kyndait.
On the 30th November 1862, U Khla Wait, Dolloi of Khad-Ar, U Woh Kiang Nangbah, was hanged.
Who else will be the Chief Minister, it is not yet clear as there will be a struggle for the golden throne of the government.
After receiving pressure from the BSF, the Bangladeshi robbers fled to the river and crossed the river where they left their boats in the river.
Better, more accurate and more effective health care.
Rephica also ran 24 hours in Delhi and completed 165 km in 2021 and came sixth and many other races she has participated in across the country.
Challam called on the MLAs and Sengbhalang to wake up immediately while there is still time.
We are not as well paid as others.
Phelenstar Rani and RA Rangslang, President and General Secretary of the TASA, have congratulated Wanrihun Kharnaior, who has been selected as a striker. The Meghalaya Women's Football Team has been invited to participate in the Sub Junior National Football Championship to be held in Punjab.
Furthermore, they urged the people to take responsibility for the environment and to cooperate with the Environment Department in its environmental programs including tree planting programs and others.
All nine matches of Meghalaya will be played in Jaipur, and the team will be part of the squad that includes Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Services, Manipur and Hyderabad.
She also said that she agrees with the DC's statement that there is still a need for sports facilities so that the youth can spend time and avoid alcohol.
The union asks all the people who are busy with their own jobs but do they respect the time? If this office continues to work without enough time?
The strength of the people's voice through the VPP has stirred up other political parties in the state from the ethnic parties to the big parties from India.
On Thursday, the ASHAs came out to convey their demands to the government.
Police are still searching for the suspects.
On the 26th, HITO will hold a Red Flag Day and the unveiling of portraits of Government leaders, including the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Chief Secretary, Prestone. Tynsong.
“The previous committee had raised many issues in the construction of the shopping centers in Shillong and Jowai.
However, at the same time, he said the Congress has no part in the protest of these MDCs to overthrow Bah Teinwel and it is their own household business.
The leaders of the Hill State protest were BB Lyngdoh, Edwin Bareh, Captain WA Sangma, HS Lyngdoh, Professor GB Swell, Stanley Nichols Roy, HH Hynniewta and Wilson Reade. , Professor RS Lyngdoh and many others who have dedicated themselves body and soul and who have sacrificed themselves to preserve the land, customs and traditions, language, heritage and self-government.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 1207 on Monday with 174 new cases.
Members of the Village Court of Nongjngi Elaka have expressed their strong opposition to the order of the Revenue Officer, JHADC on the land allocation between Namdong A and Romario Sungoh. one place in Lamanang.
After the investigation team arrived at the house of Salseng R Marak in Damalgre, the suspect tried to flee but was arrested by the police.
The Foundation has decided to support Phermiki Salahe and now we stand on the same basis and we are ready to help her as we promised to do.
Cut the middle part, stir well to get lyer.
Masood, who was Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the VP Singh government in 1990 and 1991, was found guilty of admitting students who should not have been admitted to the MBBS course. Tripura's role in Doctoral Education across the country.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mebanker Lapang, said that any gift, even if it is small, will be a blessing to the family.
Those who work hours in people's homes.
Russel Nongrum said that journalists cannot work or provide services to the people without the cooperation and provision of information to the journalists or news that can carry the voice of the people and the problems of the people. the public.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, said that a case has been registered against those involved in the incident.
He said he had booked a hotel for a day in Hyderabad.
The Department of Nanotechnology of NEHU will open an important role in the cooperation between the two institutions and NEHU has already set up a Center to study M.Tech and Ph.
At this General Meeting, decisions were also taken to improve the working methods and also to create opportunities to develop the youth in the field of sports for the benefit of the youth. there is talent in this field.
This, according to sources, may lead to a new route by trying to find from Meghalaya, especially from Garo Hills and some parts of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills – have become new places. .
The dispute over the copyright of songs has led to the world's biggest singer, Kanye West, to throw away his Grammy Award, which he received as you are a singer.
Shillong, June 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Sohiong Constituency, Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah, on Tuesday said that his results for the Sohiong election should continue. Maheh Don has left behind his sudden death.
The party will not stand idly by, but will ensure that the border is protected so that the land will not go to Assam even for an inch.
The Sengbhalang demanded that the government should ensure that when it passes these laws, it does not put pressure on the indigenous land owners.
“These incidents have reminded the KSU of the past in the 70s, 80s and 90s when the Dkhars attacked the Khasi with the intention of causing the Khasi to flee. and Shillong.
“As soon as the translation is done, it will be immediately incorporated," he said.
“A compensation of TT.6 lakh will be paid to the relatives of the deceased within this month,” said MeECL Chairman Bah PS Thangkhiew.
Shortly after, he found that he had scored 874 marks which is higher than the marks scored by the four candidates of 867, 820, 815 and 814 marks.
Twinborn Hing, Nook Manager, Entrepreneurship Development, said that the Sohrarim Nook has benefited the students because those who come here are not from good schools. don't go to school.
In the rural areas there are many intelligent children but they find it difficult to develop because of the language...hopefully in the future they will all understand before it's too late.
Thus the time we are going through today is the time of the Church, the time of the Holy Spirit since the day of Pentecost.
He said that the union will soon send a letter to the JHADC and the State Pollution Control Board to demand that it cancel the NOC of the JHADC and to oppose these coke plans.
“I will not look at anyone whether the citizens support or oppose me in this election because they have the right to choose whom to oppose according to the Constitution of the country. “It's a good idea to look at the whole of Mowkaiaw with one voice and one appearance,” said Winning.
After 14 years, the woman filed a complaint on 18th March
The protest is in the public administration to express the grievances but there is no such demand for the removal of the party leader.
The woman went to pray at a temple of Lord Krishna in Gujarat, the famous Dwarkadhish Temple.
“I said the government will have to look at the issues carefully because there will be a lot of expenses,” he said.
The union said that they have already discussed this issue many times with the relevant authorities but nothing has come of it and even with the Minister of Transport.
Promi Suting scored the first goal for Nangbah Mulang in the 13th minute while Hawahoi Iakai scored the second goal for Lumïawmushai Shangpung in the 29th minute.
“The Congress has quickly forgotten that it had worked with the BJP when it formed the Executive Committee in the Jaintia District Council in 2018,” said Dr WR Kharlukhi, President of the National People's Party (NPP). State.
Piece : a lyngkhot-lyngkhot is a part of a body.
The order, issued by the National Green Tribunal, Principal Bench, New Delhi, states that during its hearing on July 9, 2014 in Shillong, there will be no discussion on the OA No. .110 (THC) of 2012 and this is on the issue of the threat to human life from the mining of dew iong in South Garo Hills District, in which this is a case against the Meghalaya government and others, he said. In addition, other issues, which have not been disclosed, have been written for discussion on that day.
How long have you been thinking about that? Even other people have been suspended or not? God does His works through people.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) is now in the midst of darkness and uncertainty after rumors spread that two MLAs of the party including the MLA from Mawkyrwat Constituency have been arrested. Renikton L. Tongkhar and Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang have decided to leave the HSPDP before the 2023 elections.
Speaking on “The Growth of Literacy in the Khasi Language” Babu SS Majaw gave a detailed explanation and encouragement to the entire competition.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 30: In order to join hands with other people in need, the Youth Union of Nongstoiñ area known as 'Ka Youth Relief Group' led by Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh and S. Marbaniang, today visited Rev S Wollington Children's Home, an orphanage run by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi, the village of Nongpyndeng.
Besides, the Langpih sector will be the most difficult to resolve, as the border crossing of Assam has reached Mawsikar and the Nepalis whom the Assam government has used as trees and border guards, have increased in number in Mawsikar. They have a unity and understanding with the Assam government.
Niakha was shocked, because she understood that it was for this reason that Rida's mother did not want to tell her.
Why is the world amazed? Because that Beast ALWAYS IS.But IS NOT ANYMORE.But now HE IS.He was PHRA and he is one of those NINE.It means that this Beast who is Adolf Hitler he was the Seventh King and he will be the Eighth King (Revelation 17:11).
The DC also urged them to submit the document to the District Child Protection Officer and the police.
“Besides this small loss, there are also times when the loss increases, although now that we have opened 2 times a month it has not helped at all, what is needed is to open every day, if this “There will be no more cases of Coronavirus or Covid 19,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Executive Member (EM) in charge of the Labor Department, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, said that the issuance of Labor License to foreigners will no longer be the same as before.
If any of us has any suggestions, say that this preparation so that no one will sell will not be possible.
When questioned, the drivers of the vehicles parked at the site said that the presence of the house is unfounded and has embarrassed them too.
Regarding the candidate who has been in the party, I said that if you give ticket to that man I will not support because as a young man I see a person who can work and who has the brain so that he can follow the problem. I stand here with joy because we are in a party that has hope... The bomb has tied the blood of the nation how to achieve the desire of the people.
“Remember that 500 to 1000 tyngka in the elections will not eradicate poverty,” said Bah Shanlang.
And when talking about the nation it is not right and I don't agree to pray with the prayers of Christians because if you are a leader of Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Jain and others they will pray according to your beliefs. for their nation and for their beloved country as that man did that day and then how can we understand our own nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 17 : The Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs (DYM) on Thursday honored the football players and Pynshngaiñ Kurbah who won medals at the Khelo India Youth Games. of the 2020-21 and 21-22 seasons.
In terms of votes, he received more than 18,0
Just remember, there is no old and no new.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Reading Wahlang, Assistant Rangbah Shnong Lawbah.
Lydia's mother, when she heard that the Rangbah Shnong had come, went to talk to him.
Fortunately, many of you are Mechanical Engineering trained and have trained Parari since 1960 and these have been saving war vehicles in the market once every five days since
If a person still believes in God the Creator, he shall no longer be subject to these rules.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Donlang, who took part in the training for people from the United States and Germany at the Traditional Food Festival recently, said, “The method of cutting pork is cut by the people of America is very different in that they cut a pig like a cow and then skin it like a cow and take only the flesh.
I have heard that the opposition has been spreading rumors that the government should improve the financial management, but here I would like to make it clear that we are not here to fight politics and everyone knows that all the problems are due to the make a right or wrong decision in the past".
Former Minister of Meghalaya and former CEM of KHADC Ganold Stone Massar has passed away today.
In the first leg between SCA and All Jaintia Cricket Association, SCA won by 10 wickets after beating AJCA by 86/1
We urge the department to take action to request that they should avoid conditions and allow indigenous people to lead the associations.
He said that there are only two villages which have not returned to Meghalaya including Malchapara.
Zawihiri reportedly recently left for Kabul because he was too busy with his children and went to live with them in a house with a strong and sturdy wall, which is the house left behind by the English and the Germans.
The requirements were approved by the Directorate of Health Services (DHS), Research in 2009,” the report said, adding that the delay of up to two and a half years in approval was completed by the Health and Engineering Wing in , has delayed paying for the execution of minor works and the mortgage.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Saturday, Tuesday, met at the Khliehriat (East) Club Hall to discuss the Village Administration Bill and the Village Administration Bill. The meeting was conducted by Tbn. Bah Crosslin Rymbai, President, Union of Village Authorities, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Convener of the Maitshaprang Movement, Bah Michael Syiem on Monday demanded that the state government should expedite the amendment of the Meghalaya Succession Rules. Self-acquired Property, Khasi and Jaintia Special Provision Act 1986 .
Regarding the Forest Department, Justine said, “The Forest Department, although the office has been established, it seems that it does not exist, because the staff have not been able to do anything from the district. , the employees in Khliehriat are just like those supervisors,” said Bah Justine. “In fact, the office of the DSEO and SDSEO has been in the district, in Khliehriat but they have not yet been fully operational from the district and it is very important that this department should also be fully operational. There should also be an office of the Joint Director and the office of the Additional Director in the Education Department and there should also be an MBOSE Cell. “For the students, we have to go to Jowai, there are times when we can't meet the big people and this creates problems,” he said. He urged not only these two leaders from East Jaintia Hills District, but also the people, especially the Unions of Waheh. Villages, Sengbhalang groups, groups of volunteers should come forward to speak out on the lack of government departments in the district, because if there are enough and if the government departments can function fully from the district will be a blessing to the people and at the same time will bring about development and employment opportunities for the people of the district.
It is learned that these tins have been like this for many years and there have been reports that these tins have collapsed, but it may have collapsed at a time when no one escaped injuries.
Since 2012 and until now, not a single head has been raised regarding the renovation of these streams in Shillong, which are filled with garbage.
MCS, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I.Lawrynniang, spoke on the importance of taking care of ourselves in order to avoid many diseases. There are many stalls for the welfare of the public covering many areas such as education, food and health.
Many people today, when spoken to by well-placed men, believe them more than the word of God, because they do not read it themselves.
In Pynursla, Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC Nongshken, said that Pastor PBM has been defeated by the Congress party where Prestone Tynsong is the MLA. 2014, showed that the Pastor has done well only in West and South West Khasi Hills where he has won most of the constituencies.
Now are the times when Israel is at peace and Israel is completely secure.
It shows that the Khasi language is alive and well and keeps pace with the times.
In some places we are facing difficulties in getting permission from the Forest Department, in some places we are facing difficulties in removing the debris on the roads, in some places we are facing difficulties in land acquisition, and we are also facing problems with some residents where there are objections from some residents and groups," said the CM. in relation to the proposed move forward with this project is on real estate.
“We have seen in the past years that the government is trying to divide the nation by creating civil society organizations that support its cause,” he said.
Regarding the debt that the government has committed for MePDCL to take up to T.1345.72 crore to pay the debt to power distribution companies like NEPEECO, NPTC and others, it will be a burden on the MePDCL. state as a whole.
Other speakers were HK Thabah MCS Addl DC (EL) who gave the welcome speech and opening speech, Bah R Kharmujai Assistant System Engineer (EL) who explained the claims and objections through a power point presentation and Bah V Swer MCS Addl DC did not give a speech.
When asked whether there is a time limit for the cleaning of these rivers, the Chief Secretary said, “We have not set a time limit but we will set up a Core Group as suggested by the Prime Minister. to follow up on what has been decided today so that it will not end only in the discussion but the work should go ahead as we have already discussed.
Shillong, Nailur 06 : The U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament, organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association, today resumed.
According to residents, the fire broke out at 1 pm after the load shedding started at 12 pm.
Furthermore, KHNAM has noticed that in the appointment of the members of the Expert Committee, there were no State residents and suggested that the Expert Committee should include State residents who are experts. there is an understanding of other aspects related to employment and the expectations of the people.
The award ceremony will be announced later through the Education Committee, said Bah S Rangslang, Education Secretary.
The court has sentenced Managing Director of Vikash Metal and Power Ltd (VMPL) Vikash Patni to four years imprisonment and another, Anand Mallick. Patni has been fined T.25 lakh. Mallick was fined T.2 lakh and the company was fined T.1 lakh.
Indeed, it is not to overthrow the government of Modi and Amit Shah from Delhi.
He expressed his disagreement with the statement of the Prime Minister that the ILP is no longer necessary.
He replied. After drinking, they rested for a while and got ready to go to Riia's house.
New Zealand batsman Henry Nicholls, who scored more than 200 runs without losing a wicket in a Test in Wellington, has now moved up 27 places to 27th and captain of the team. Sri Lanka's Dimuth Karunaratne has now moved up to 10th position.
"It's the one who shot you..." Deisy said. "It's not like that... You're not happy with me..." Riia said. "Why don't you?" suk kat ia phi... You know that we are very poor and we are from home, sometimes I feel ashamed to be friends with you too.
On the other hand, Zoramthang said that he, his government and the people of Mizoram will work together to restore peace and order in Manipur.
“Before you were ashrut, now you are ashrut.
If you are wrong, many problems will arise in a person.
This has also caused a loss in the income of the state,” he said.
Life-Death, Death and Death Stai will depend on you the people, together with us who are still alive.
“We urge the Commission to take all necessary measures to ensure that these incidents are investigated.
Quarantine does not mean to lock up a person or persons (Lockup) is completely different from lockup so quarantine is much easier for people than lockup.
Chief General Manager, BSNL, NE-1 Circle, Shillong, KS Madanpur spoke on the growth and spread of Hindi literature around the world and the use of Hindi in Circle Headquarters and others. offices within this.
Darren Kharshandi (National Champion) has won for the first time in professional MMA but he lost by split decision according to the judgment, which surprised the spectators. denied about this decision.
On the meeting with the HNLC leaders, Ksiang said, “When the time comes we will meet...this is the task assigned to me”.
All three MP and MDC elections are very important for the Congress because it has to fight to win many and therefore once the AICC orders, the work will be conducted immediately. to choose the candidates.
“We also make it clear that as the Seng and all its members, we are ready to fight by any means to ensure that the Government of India or the State Government will not be allowed to try. “It is better for us to fight now than to allow the Jaitbynriew to die and perish through this uranium poison,” he added.
of English) and Shri LD Lyngdoh (Deptt.
The Magistrate said that these households have been set up as micro containment to prevent the entry and exit of people and to implement the rules and regulations to curb the spread of the disease.
The lack of respect for the customs, traditions and customs will be a threat to the division of the country as a whole, said the Western Synod.
Speaking to reporters, UDP MDC leader Teiñwell Dkhar said that before taking a decision, the MDCs of the KHADC have held many meetings and now the time has come. They will take one path and that is to leave the EC of Bah Pynshngaiñ.
JR Shullai and welcome speech from Homelin Bareh Asst.
In fact, the excessive wisdom of mankind today has corrupted this world.
“Because they don't have any reason to accuse us of corruption, they are trying to mislead us about religion that the BJP is against those religious beliefs but this is a trick that the people should not believe,” he said.
On the frequent attacks, Kejriwal said that this could also be a threat to his life and could lead to the death penalty.
If there are no leaders in the government who do not take the initiative to think about this issue, the aspirations of those father groups cannot be achieved.
He was speaking after the state government decided to set up BOPs around the dangerous areas after four residents of Mukroh were shot dead by Assam police on the 22nd. in November this year.
Doctors who came to check on his health said that Bah Ardent's blood pressure has risen but there is nothing wrong with it as it should have risen as he has been fasting for many days.
In his heart he thought that although they were not intelligent, they had a strong vision.
Bah Jolly Shadap from Umtlih village said that the main problem faced by Block II is the deterioration of the road, inadequate health facilities and the market.
West Jaintia Hills has come to the fourth position.
In his speech, the Chief Minister recalled the hard work of Father Sunny Mavellil, who started the AGHMCS, with the aim of improving the livelihood of the farmers in Garo Hills. The construction of this office was completed within a year.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was conducted by Bah FSohlang EE PWD Roads Ranikor with the participation of Zenith.
In Jowai, the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek unfurled the flag and at the coffin exhibition, the Horticulture Office won the title, while the District Commerce and Industries Centre, the District Commerce and Industries Centre, and the Divisional Soil and Veterinary Centre. Water Conservation, Territorial Division Jowai won the second and third prizes.
Speaking on the work done by this rangbah, the village authorities, the government authorities should have praised him for although he is not an educated person and he has done the job. which sets an example to all the residents not to litter and should have the spirit of cooperation for the sake of a clean environment and also to protect the environment, because of the littering The garbage especially bottles, plastic and bottles of alcohol has a serious impact on the environment.
Shillong, Nailur 20: In these days, a complaint has been received from the public, that banks, do not accept shiphew tyngka nar and this has upset the traders and also the day laborers, for they had no place to go and buy these things.
Strengthen your mind so you can always say ‘NO’ to drugs or other addictive losses.
The ITM-2015 Award was presented to the Christensen Fund by the President of NESFAS, Bah Phrang Roy.
Speaking to this reporter, she said that in previous years she had received assistance from the government through the Ministry of Agriculture, hundreds of sohplom trees and she hoped that When these trees have grown and can be harvested, it will be a great benefit to the household through the income from the marketing of these soh.
Furthermore, the federation has decided that not only the former players will get this benefit, but also the current players who have participated and have the goal of winning medals for the country.
Due to the delay in completing the census, it is understood that the government's plan to distribute foodgrains before the elections in the state may cause problems.
With this decision, the number of beneficiaries under MBPY has increased to 32.75 lakh.
We urgently need through the Mylliem Hima Legislative Assembly and through the Mylliem Hima Legislative Assembly to discuss the design of the nuit shelters across the more than 500 Dorbar Shnongs and 16 Raids in the Hima Mylliem.
However, the VPP's position is stronger on social media and how much the people across the state trust this party especially as it is a new party and many the candidates are new.
For example, after preparing Mathematics, it is not good to prepare for other subjects such as Chemistry or Statistics.
Regarding these petitions, Dr. Mukul proposed to hold a special meeting with Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister, District Council Affairs, to discuss how to respond to the Government of India on the issues raised. dealing with the Heads of Government.
Justice Paul Lyngdoh requested the MLA Nujor Sungoh and the Minister of Home Affairs to set up a fire brigade at each outpost so that it can be easily dealt with at any time. events.
The owners of the riew hadem, did not keep these soh trees properly and broke them down and now the trees have rotted. I want someone to go and see about it.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has urged the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) to take action against the Shallang incident.
So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.
Shillong: Nongmynsong SC beat Mawreng SC 2-1 with A Thabah 23', Ryntathiang 65' and K Sohlang 19' .
Thus, one of the 7 kings died of a head wound with a sword (or weapon).
However, here comes an issue, which we see, as the leadership of the KJP Assembly, differs from the Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF) or the group of all religions, where we see. The Hindu religious group has continued to demand the reopening of various places of worship in the coming days.
Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, along with his cabinet ministers, today met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi to discuss the development of the state. whole.
Research by scientists in the UK has shown that dogs can accurately detect covid-19 patients and can accurately detect between 92 and 94.3 percent and dogs can detect these patients, if They are also those who have no symptoms and those who have various diseases of covid
The silver medalist at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham last year, started the tournament with a distance of 7.94m; before setting records of 8.17m, 8.11m, 8.04m and 8.01m in subsequent attempts.
“These 14 sites have already been allocated land for the construction of exit and entrance points in the first phase and a Social Impact Assessment (SIA) will be completed. “FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein told reporters after the opening of the meeting with reporters today.
At first the leaders of the party agreed, but after a while they came back and received the same answer.
A man with a pistol on Tuesday approached Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah while he was in an open car and threw flowers around the neck of the Transport Minister. Ramalinga Reddy who stood next to you.
and others that the public can also check through the BIS Care App to verify counterfeit and genuine goods.
The time has now urged us to understand whether the future will be fulfilled.
Not only that, we are proud that the Khasi writers have become more and more famous writers in this age, in which they have been able to equalize their writing style with that of other nations.
The Bible says: “You have covered your throne with wisdom, perfect in beauty.” Ezekiel 28:1
“We have formed this organization to look into the working methods of teachers and how to improve education in the State,” said Kenneth Shadap.
“We have not confirmed that, but the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills has confirmed that it was only a minor incident where the victims have received treatment and discharged. "I'm going home," said Bah Khongsit.
Since yesterday morning, hundreds of thousands of people have come to the house to see and prayed in front of the statue. phna.
A total of 2,400 people have been arrested for involvement in various crimes in Chandigarh in
Shillong: Mawshynrut MLA Bah Gigur Myrthong has denied the allegation by the HNLC that he is working illegally. Bemani said that since 1995 when he started working he has been working on his own.
I didn't show any signs of illness.
“The call for talks is to resolve the issue immediately of the lack of permission from the builders to draw water, electricity or Occupancy Certificate (OC) who have applied for permission after the construction of the house,” she said. Kong Ampareen.
The Assam government has now introduced this bill to prevent Muslims from getting jobs.
Nongpoh, July 07: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District today issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to ban all vehicles weighing more than 20 MT from passing through the Umiam Bridge. within 20MT to run at the same time two bridges.
In this regard, the JSM has demanded that the MOEF, Climate Change should cancel the Public Hearing as it is against the order of the Supreme Court and to ban Star Cement from mining coal as this area is located in Echo Sensitive Zone.
The inability of the police department to investigate such incidents has undermined the confidence of the people of the area and the state as a whole, said the Seng.
After the arrest of these drinkers and those accused of being involved in drug trafficking, the village and the youth of Downgate, urged the law enforcement authorities and especially the department Police, that they should be vigilant in the Nongpoh area, as at present the Nongpoh area itself has become one of the hotbeds of drug trafficking and which has caused harm to the society.
Therefore, he requested that to carry out this great task, it requires the cooperation and support of the residents so that the work can go smoothly and for the sake of the The government's desire to supply water to all households, dorbar halls and schools before November this year will be successful.
The next match will be played on Saturday between Nongthymmai SC and Ryntih at 3 pm.
After the incident, the family members of the victim informed the Nongstoin Police Station and the police immediately rushed to the scene and took the body for post mortem. .
Because this advertisement does not follow the above NCTE Notifications which have been approved by the Government.
