Beijing has banned public gatherings from temples and other public places during the country's New Year holiday on Saturday.
We urge the government to immediately revoke the license of Kong Syngkli and allow the people of this area to do this work,” said Bah Malai.
They forgot that they too were residents of that town.
Police of Nongstoin Police Station after receiving a tip from the family members today rushed to the scene, and after the family members completed the documents especially the receipt of Police have handed over the body to the family members for postmortem but the investigation is ongoing.
This kñia ka khriam was performed for the good of the government, the khadar and also for the good of the income, the wealth in Ïewduh or Ïewkyntang.
The show cause notice is groundless and undermines the working methods of government officers in the state.
Other targets include MHIS and the Prime Minister's Health Scheme as in these areas too the people are facing various problems.
The scheduled start time is exactly 10:30 am.
They also said that their one day protest in front of the M.B.O.S.E office Shillong, will be held on the 19th November
“SSA teachers across the country have not received their salaries in Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Assam, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and others for three months and this is not only a problem for SSA teachers in the state. , Meghalaya, but the Chief Ministers and Education Ministers are continuing to follow up on this with the Education Department of the Union Government,” he said.
The screening test was conducted for 1317 students from 38 different schools in East Khasi Hills District who will take part in the Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet Hills District will be held from 26th to 28th June 2023 at SAI, STC, Shillong.
However, they refused to pay the money and their refusal led to a heated argument and some of the youths who recorded video of the incident but their mobile phones were stolen. by the police who did not know his name.
In this fast pace, it took only 41 lakh hours or about 11 thousand years to reach this milestone.
In the U-17 girls' category, Rongrong Union UP School won the title after beating Resu Union. Sec.School from 3-1.
The farmers who have been severely affected should receive compensation, including in terms of assistance under the Crop Insurance Scheme, he announced.
“I went to stand on the road to see those who were breaking garbage and I arrested them and handed them over to the police,” said Kong Ampareen. The Laitumkhrah area has been destroyed.
It is learned that the remains of the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, his relatives and children will be buried on the 20th of this month. November 2023 at 11.30 pm at the Umpowin Presbyterian Church.
He said that the statement of the NPP Youth Wing leaders that MLAs should work in the constituencies is wrong because MLAs belong not only to the constituencies, but to the state as a whole.
The Act also states that until these two Directorates have been established and full-time Directors and employees have been appointed, the Directors or employees may be appointed temporarily.
He said the Government still has a lot to do for the Police Department.
Bonifilia also scored her first goal for the country in the match against Nepal, where India scored 10 goals to qualify for the final.
The question now is whether there are any doctors who have been appointed in the CHC through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government especially in these days when we all face difficulties especially in the travel. come.
He also urged the government to find ways and means to link the Village Health Councils with the PM-JAY so that the NHA can set an example to other states of the country.
While Lucky Dhar was trying to raise his hand, the child was surprised because she couldn't sleep and started crying.
A bad thought is also an unbreakable root in the heart.
Shillong, Nailar 25: A young woman named Plentiful Surong, has lodged a complaint with the Rynjah PS Police Station that on the 20th of this month at 7:45 pm, she took her husband. A taxi (ML-05F 0404) was driven by Bansynshar Thabah, 28, of Fire Brigade, Umpling, Shillong.
It cannot be denied that the BJP is the largest political party in the world.
Ma Lakhon strongly criticized the Executive Committee for delaying the decision to set up monitoring gates at the dewbilat factories due to the intervention of the state government and asked why the Executive Committee allowed the government to intervene when the NOC JHADC has announced that JHADC has not been appointed.
The king asked, "What do you want?" Nehemiah said, “If it please the king ... let me go and rebuild Jerusalem”.
Vitamin A strengthens the immune system and benefits the skin.
Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills Ma Garod LSN Dykes has said that the opening of trade between India and Bangladesh through the Dawki LCS has been suspended. JSU War Jaintia Circle, HNYF Southern Riwar Circle, HYC War Jaintia Circle, Nongtalang and Bakur villages to open a market between India and Bangladesh through Dawki LCS, has called a meeting on the 15th of this month. moon.
According to him, the area and the neighboring villages have faced many problems due to the lack of adequate roads despite being a strong area for the production of agricultural products.
Rakkam said that as the Minister of Education, he wants everyone to give their opinion on how to improve education in the state.
Sakhet said that although the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has admitted that the distribution of money by Bah Dasakhiat is not illegal as the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct have not yet applied. Saket said that the distribution of money without receipts is a violation of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA),
However, the fact is that there is no state that can become a state in India without a definite border.
Welcome Dkhar MDC urged the Governor to take the necessary action against the CEM and also to remove him from the post of CEM, as he has violated the Sixth Schedule of the Act. of the Constitution of India.
Therefore, to encourage the organizers of the festival, Prestone said that next year we will work with the government, so that we can hold a bigger festival and the next year. attract not only the people of the state, but also the tourists from other countries.
Ahmed alleged that some people in plainclothes kidnapped him on October 10, 2015 from his house.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Kyrmen Shylla has inaugurated the Welcome Arch at Tuber Shohshrieh Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Therefore, young people, when they are eager and willing to do anything exciting and new in life, must have a humble spirit, who accept and obey the words of the elders, They cannot cleanse their words, because the child in the end will remain a child, but the old man is the pioneer who will show him the way to reach the goal of victory, no matter what. Whether it is in the field of education, sports or self-employment, young people need to face the challenges first, leave behind the desire for happiness or quick profit, but everyone seconds, minutes and hours, every penny, every penny, every penny, they should be able to stand firmly in life, because these are the strong foundations that can support the life in the midst of the struggle for the right to be wise, to be wise and to be famous forever.
We would like to request and urge the MLA to look into the welfare of the people on the border, in relation to health,” said Bah Francis Sohshang President of Kyrshai.
Watch Potter Net TV, or other channels, related to this topic.
MLAs including Dr Mukul Sangma also supported Dr Celestine's statement and supported his request for clarification.
Sohmynting's Samson Lyngdoh (34) scored the first goal of the match.
The Society and the HFU urged the people to try to produce pylleng saw from the state, and urged the people to buy these pylleng saw from the state. .
Shillong: Ma Vincent Pala has won again from Shillong while Agatha Sangma has won from Tura.
However, if we look closely at the development of these districts during these 48 years of state independence, they are still very low or lagging behind in all aspects due to negligence and negligence, lack of planning, There is a lack of unity between MLAs, MDCs and village leaders, himas, religious groups and political party leaders.
There are 20 new cases from East Khasi Hills and 44 recoveries.
We have always said that if all these provisions are not included in the amendment to the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act, we will not accept the amendment.
Speaking on the issue of ownership of Dkhar shops by Khasi women, CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said, “We will not allow Khasi women to protect the Dkhar shops”. “If you want to own foreign shops, follow that person to his village,” said Latiplang Kharkongor, Minister of Commerce and Industry.
On the 15th of July, the President will open the Meghalaya Games at the PA Sangma Stadium, Tura.
The deadline for receipt of entry, registration and affiliation is on or before 20th October at 4 PM. The draw of teams will be held on the same day at 4:30 PM. The transfer player market is T.300 each and the closing date is 14th October
The Committee appointed by the High Court of Meghalaya, during its recent visit to Khliehriat, to investigate the illegal mining and illegal trade in coal, typical evidence that the illegal mining and smuggling of coal in the area continues to this day.
Therefore, we should not misunderstand that if we say that we have our own Hima or Elaka, how many more countries do we have in Bri Hynniewtrep? And in the Bri Hynniewtrep there are many kurs and jait and if we count those different kurs we count that they are different then how many jait will there be in the Bri Hynniewtrep? Then let us add these tribes and we will get the Khasi people.
To mention the plaque, it was felt that no team from Khasi Jaintia should win this tournament.
"He added that we should not allow such a practice to continue on the floor of the House of Representatives.
A team of 22 members from India and Bangladesh took part in the three-day bus operation which will end on 12th November.
The HYC said that with the support of the dewbilat traders, it is pleased to say that the company will no longer be able to do anything big.
The purpose of this is to develop children who have the ability to play football.
The CM has prepared a DO letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India to show that we too will be happy if we get such an Institute in Meghalaya”.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawsynram, Bah M.Marbaniang, said that the allegation by the FKJGP against Dr. Hamamut Lyngdoh is baseless. The village council has angered not only the village leaders but also the residents of Mawsynram.
The Village Authority of Mawkasiang Pyllun Village, on receiving information about this incident, immediately rushed to the scene to conduct their own inspection. these dead piglets and ear tags have been attached to their ears.
According to the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) for the year ended October 31, 2013, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in July 2003 agreed to strengthen the testing facilities for medicines from the State Drug Testing Laboratory (DTL) to ensure that the medicines are safe according to the Indian System of Medicine and Homeopathy.
The special program has benefited the farmers from all over the villages in the two blocks, Mawthadraishan and Nongstoiñ C&RD Block.
There have been 485 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, five deaths, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
Bah Ransom, who is also the husband of Kong Eldora, said that the award will encourage the Khasi students to do well in the Khasi subject especially for those who score the highest marks in the subject. the subject.
On the part of the Health Educator of DM&HO, Kong O Sumer, she also spoke on the health related to the elderly.
After the search, the vehicle was recovered from Mynsngat but the thieves fled into the forest.
On the same day, the Minister visited the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme at Mawphlang and held talks with the officers in charge of the area.
Shillong: U Heimonmi Synnah, a student of Sawyongdoh Higher Secondary School, Mowkaiaw, West Jaintia Hills, Shillong, has passed her Class 10 examination.
It is learned that yesterday, the village authorities of Lumshnong, held an emergency meeting to get the approval of the people, in order to block the proposal of the Star Cement company.
The Forum also urged the Tourism Department to set up a hotline number to provide emergency information when necessary so that immediate assistance can be sent to any tourists who need emergency assistance who come to Meghalaya for this reason. it will help you in the time of need.
Stress can make it difficult for you to fall asleep but you need to try.
The languages ​​allowed to open shops are Juti, Shynrai, Khiew, Wait, Khoh, Khasi, Jain, Soh, Kot, Pusari, Pylleng, Khaw, Standjeep and second hand shops are available.
Out of the 25 medals won on the first day, the girls and boys of East Khasi Hills won 9 gold, 6 silver and 10 bronze medals.
Regarding the allegation that the Eastern Railway did not believe anything regarding the request of the Passengers' Association, Banerjee in a letter reminded that during the meeting. She served as Minister of Railways for the year 2009-10 and announced 'Izzat', a scheme for the poorest and most needy people, which has been suspended. I'll take it later.
Speaking on the resumption of the demand for ILP, Dr Mukul said it is because the people in power are lying.
The trade is one of the issues that as a nation we must protect and we must not allow it to fall into the hands of outside the State.
When asked, Momin said, “We don't know when they will announce the names of the candidates, but the names in the third list will be announced soon.
Speeches were also delivered by Tympang Pohshna, Dr Amanda Pakynteiñ, wife of Banteidor, James Ban Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and others including the office bearers of the PDF Zonal Committee. Mawkynrew constituency.
Nongstoiñ, July 6: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council West Khasi Hills and Ri-Muliang Circle, have expressed their strong anger over the arrest of the village leaders of Salbari village, including The meeting was attended by the Sordar of Karbin Sangma, Secretary of the Village, Pairush Marak and four members of the Executive Committee of the village.
Dakani Shylla from Caroline Colony and Sambun Kyndait came second and third respectively.
As the theme is “Youth as Builders of the Country”, so at this time I will try to explain and encourage especially the youth of War Jaintia and the Jaidbynriew as a whole, how I and I together with all the youth of Bri U Hynniewtrep that we must do for the sake of building our country and nation.
He said that if the people were wise enough to elect their leaders, the country would not have suffered and been in turmoil as it is now.
Shillong, July 18: The IRSSCC has announced that it will hold its General Council Meeting on the 3rd of June. 2022 at Shillong Club Ltd, at 3 pm.
We don't want the Rangbah Shnongs to sit idle,” said Bah Lapang.
When the writers said that in the past as the leader of the HNLC, the party stood on the basis of protecting the infiltration of mynder and the people, how do you feel about the infiltration of mynder? The HNLC does not only say about the influx of mynder, but stands mainly on the basis of the Instrument of Accession and the issue of illegal entry of mynder is just one of the issues of the HNLC. " replied Julius Dorphang.
Neeraj, who won a silver medal at the last World Championships, will now turn his attention to winning a gold medal, as Neeraj has won a gold medal at the Tokyo Olympics.
This happened on Tuesday at about 1:00 pm.
He didn't know the diseases before that.
) L.P.Shadap, Prof. Pyntngen S.Marpna and Prof. (Smt.
Regarding the allegations that they set fire to the road during the World Cup or by staying on the road, the village leaders said that the village has already set up a village to arrest such people. The Rangbah Shnong said that they are thieves who want to take advantage, if found, the village will punish them.
“We know that the youth also want the benefits that will come to the areas and places but there is a little fear because of uranium”.
Adjourn- The meeting shall not be held in the Legislative Assembly until the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has appointed him.
From time to time, we have asked the government to consider the Thermal Power Project or the generation of electricity from coal.
N.Death.
At about 3:50 pm on Friday, a Jagannath Travels and Tours Bus (ML-05-L) was seized. -7887, and after this, the police conducted a thorough questioning from the conductor of the bus who said that there were two Khasi children inside, one of them was named Gary. They searched their bags and found 34 and 26 well-packed soap cases containing stem/soh drugs and 30 strips of Nitrazapam tablets.
Mukhla Umlangchor, Newhill, Madan Thadmuthlong and Mookyrdup have qualified for the quarter finals of the 3rd Adelbert Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDS.
Referring to the decision of the HNLC to withdraw from the peace talks, the DGP said, “Regarding the peace talks, it is the decision of the government. which clearly stated that they remain open to peace talks.
In Ampati, PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak unfurled the flag and distributed awards to the winners of the coffin exhibition including DCIC, Labor and PHE. Marching Contingent was made up of St. Dominic Savio Higher Secondary School, St. Claret Secondary School Scouts and Birin-Nuchong School Scouts.
Because of Bhutto's escape, police have arrested a man who incited the crowd to attack the police.
He declined to disclose who has applied for tickets from the party and said the party will decide who will give tickets when the time comes.
Dr. Pramod Sawant said he has a special vision for the state, saying, “We want to develop the environment of Goa in terms of sports.
Hyderabad: The government of Jagan Mohan Reddy in Andhra Pradesh has decided to pay monthly salaries to the pastors in the state and is currently in the process of collecting a census of the number of pastors.
The closing date for receipt of applications will be on the 15th of this month and the date of awards ceremony will be announced later.
“Many people think that the problems faced by the state will remain the same, but on our part, we have ensured that there will be peace and stability in the state as a whole.
He said that it is only through the issuance and implementation of Section 10 (2) (vi) of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Regulation, 1954 that this work can be achieved. and succeed.
A fire broke out at around 10:00 pm in the factory of the Magic Cook Company in Garikhana, Shillong this morning. there is no tragedy on the side of human souls.
Lawei SC has qualified for the semi-finals after beating Nongkohlew SC 2-0 on Saturday.
During the inspection, the Minister also announced that the market will become a Heritage Site.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS, launched the flag as a sign of the opening ceremony in the presence of Bah M.Tongper, MCS, ADC, East Khasi Hills District. District and DSO of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Daniel Dan.
“We have spoken by phone many times with the KHADC as well as the JHADC and we have met with them, they have listened and answered us and we will continue to meet from time to time to encourage them. They will send a request to the court,” said Robert Kharjahrin.
Maotoshi Longkumar, MLA, Advisor, Labour, Employment, Skill Development & Entrepreneurship and Excise, Government of Nagaland, Bhim Hang Limboo Entrepreneurship, Government of Sikkim, Atul Kumar Tiwari, Secretary, Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship.
If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him? he.
Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, CEM Titosstarwell Dkhar, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek and Minister of Urban Affairs, Hamlet Dohling. , DC East Khasi Hills Matsiewdor War Nongbri, MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri and officials from the Meghalaya government, visited the market before taking a decision to reopen the market. .
Rev Jenang R Sangma, Pastor of Achik Baptist Dalgipa Krima and Rev Frithing D. Sangma, Pastor of Hawakhana. Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Bah EP Kharbhih.
Lumshyiap SC took the lead by two goals in the first half through Aldomac Nongneng in the 13th and 36th minutes.
Most of the poor will continue to face difficulties in being able to support the education of their children.
The winners and runners-up will receive cash prizes and trophies.
“These issues are not new to the State, maybe we don’t have the technologies yet to look into them.
The influx of Mynder into Nagaland has been going on since the 1970s and has increased rapidly in the 1980s despite the ILP especially on the Assam border.
Recognized schools and colleges shall have a tuition fee at a rate commensurate with the income of the citizens (per capita data).
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Four political parties, three national parties, KHNAM, UDP, HSPDP and Congress have emerged in Mawlai constituency.
However, now the time has come for the results to start from the position and distinction.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Leader Mukul Sangma on Tuesday exposed the land acquisition scam in Mawpdang village, East Khasi Hills. the Government bought the land from the merchants at a higher price than the sale price of the land owners.
On the death toll from Covid-19, which has reached 120, Hek said that about 98% of the deaths were from people who had already contracted the disease. However, the state government has provided health centers to protect the people from the increasing death toll.
It stands firm in its mission to provide the best service in terms of 'Har kaam, Desh ke Naam' and its strong determination is reflected in its motto 'To touch the sky with glory' .
He said that there are also foreigners who do not have proper documents.
“As the union, we want the temporary or full-time teachers to have completed the Diploma of Elementary Education (D.El.
The Governor was accompanied by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, Y. Tsering, Additional Chief Secretary, MS Rao, Principal Secretary, Bah MR Synrem and Bah KW Marbaniang, Secretaries of the Department. Dr. W. Wankhar, DHS, MI, Dr. B. Mawlong, Medical Superintendent, Civil Hospital Shillong, Dr. T. Wahlang, Medical Superintendent, Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong and other officials. State government.
“We have started implementing this system throughout the city,” said Bah Kharkrang.
There has also been one case of dowry murder this year and four cases of child abuse in the state.
The Minister of State for Electricity, AT Mondal on 29th June, said that loadshedding has not been implemented in the state and they will try their best to avoid it. .
“This time the party has decided to hold strong protests, but for now we have held a public meeting to ask for their support to join in the protests. “We have also explained to the people at the meeting today that the party is against the issue because it affects the livelihood of the people,” said the President of the JSU. Shillong, 25 Naitung: Tang. During the past 11 years, the number of visitors to this nanpolok has increased every year.
Prestone said he has already directed MeECL to conduct a program to explain to the villages that they understand the benefits of the Smart Meter and this program will be launched soon. in collaboration with the Village Authorities in the State to ensure that there will be no further doubts.
The campaign aims to provide jobs to those who have not yet received them especially to those who should have received various schemes but have not yet received them.
Radhakrishnan was awarded the Bharat Ratna in 1954 and served as Vice-President of India for two terms. In 1962 he was re-elected as the second President of India. India is 74 years old.
Dapherborn N. Suchiang, General Secretary, AJMW&LU-CEC, AJMW&LU-CEC, has also read out the Pledge of AJMW&LU-CEC. state.
Therefore, we urge the relevant government authorities to look into this issue.
Children who have gone to school if they have parents who are still illiterate make them more and more deceived for the sake of their own pleasure world.
They used to use many insects as medicines which we don't know anymore.
“We expect that the Prime Minister through this special letter will not turn a blind eye to the problems of the people of Baghmara,” the Forum requested.
The UDP MDCs this afternoon sent a letter to the Chairman of the KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej and also to the Secretary to the Executive Committee, Bah B. Basaiawmoit to inform them that they have resigned from the PDF. Three MDCs from Shella, Donkupar Sumer MDC from Umsning and Equator Nongrang MDC from Mairang signed the letter.
“Expert assistance will also be sought regarding the writing on the wings of the dove," he added.
Amritpal Singh was immediately taken to Dibrugarh, Assam for imprisonment.
“I promise that after the establishment of the MSEC, we will come up with action plans and measures to look into it to focus on what should be done, what should be done and find out where the problems are. there is," he said.
However, on the other hand, it was seen that the respondents referred only to the NPP. It is not clear why the respondents saw only one party when there are many parties working together.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday issued a notice to abolish the T.2,000 note which was introduced in November
The Commission has done this without the knowledge and consent of the residents of this Elaka.
Then Daniel explained plainly, saying, “You, O king, are the king to whom God has given the kingdom, the power, the strength, and the glory – you are the head of gold.
Jowai, Lber 31: The 10th Secondary School Football Tournament 2023-24, organized by the Pdengshakap Dorbar Shnong, on Saturday, concluded its semi-final. -The final final between YFC Trangblang and Thun FC, where Thun FC won 2-1
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr E War said that the hospital has 50 beds for children and 50 beds for women.
According to sources, the vehicle belonged to Naresh S Marak from Nongrisan village on the border with Assam in Aradonga West Khasi Hills.
“Now the same people who created the map say that we should go back and review the map.
On the 22nd July, the Presbyterian Church in Bri Hynniewtrep commemorates and celebrates the arrival of Thomas Jones and Anne Jones, the first missionaries of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Foreign Mission Society in the hills of Sohra Hima on July 1841.
He said that the election has ended in politics.
“This government is very concerned about the health of its daughters or sisters and through 6,000 Janaushudi centres, 5 crore women have been distributed these sanitary pads. shi tyngka one.
The meeting was organized by the College of Agriculture, CAU (I), Kyrdemkulai, Meghalaya and Nongstoin College, in collaboration with NECTAR Shillong, IRRI Philippines, NABARD Shillong, ICAR IIVR Varanasi and ICAR CICR Nagpur. and IUOA Shillong Meghalaya, which was also a special event for farmers at Nongstoin College, also known as the “Farmer Innovation Expo-2
The poor girl, who is from Texas, has been infected with bees in her stomach and it is said that there are about 50,000 bees in her stomach.
Registration will be accepted on the same day at 5:30 pm.
The training on Integrated Farming has placed Ïalong village in a special position as the first village to receive such training under this project.
Therefore, the DSO invites everyone to participate in the celebration of National Unity Day.
In the evening, there will be a performance by the Shillong Chamber Choir, according to a statement from the Army.
Besides the screening, there was also a workshop for young people in the field of filmmaking.
If such a voice comes out of some people it can mislead the nation maybe they feel that we are different, we don't criticize or criticize anyone but maybe they don't know the history of the Hynniewtrep people. .
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 73448 out of which 69043 have recovered and 1269 have died.
“According to the Constitution of India, in Article 25 which gives freedom to practice any faith, to spread our faith, and who created this? Is it the Congress that has fought for independence and now we have that independence? “If there is a party that doesn't respect the religion, it is the Congress,” she said.
On this question, Salman thought deeply and after that, he said, "She should find a husband and have children.
It is she who advises the Director and the doctors on how to work together in understanding and how the departments should understand their responsibilities.
Other media reported that a Ukrainian warplane carrying 14 people crashed today in Kyiv.
Also present at the meeting was Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who gave a speech for only 45 seconds.
He said that (L) Kyrshanborlang Muktieh, a night watchman working with M/s ITD Cementation India Limited, was caught in the electricity on 29th July last year. and the electrical wire of the transformer after it has entered the substation.
For Nongstoiñ, the government has already allocated new ones and after three months, they will be delivered”.
We don't have a precise border but only an imaginary one. The problems of the PARADOH PARASNAM who live in the border areas range from roads, agriculture, income, health because of health facilities, roads. and other facilities are all inadequate.
The Double Decker Roots Bridges, the Rainbow Fall at Nongriat, the Jri Bridge at Nongthymmai Tyrna and the ridge at Nongwar where you can see the northern parts of Nongriat. Bangladesh.
Turning to the constituencies which are more clear and difficult to be defrauded of money, here again they should ask many questions to their MLAs/MDCs regarding the way they work. in more than four years.
One of those people who was born on February 29, is the fourth Prime Minister of India.
He also appealed to the residents and Dorbar Shnongs not to despise these returnees and to accept them as their own residents.
However, the 14 trucks carrying coal could not be arrested. They said there was no truck carrying coal.
The three churches that participated included the Youth Church in Mawkyrwat, the Roman Catholic Church, the Church of God, and the Presbyterian Church. thaw and peace and harmony.
For unavoidable reasons, the Sohkha Mission Multipurpose Club has postponed the Fete and Lucky Draw which was scheduled to be held on 28th January
Furthermore, the JSM, MPUF and others have protested against the rude and corrupt behavior of the Municipal Jowai and demanded that it should collect the garbage.
Friends, in my understanding, this lockdown has benefited us a lot in the worship of God.
“It doesn't matter if there are those who are angry, and if I lose the election because of this, because I didn't come,” said Nongrum. I came to politics to make money for myself, or to sit on the throne, but I came for the sake of the nation”.
“I have reached Kabri Anglong, I have reached Mukroh, people say pray for us that Assam will not attack again,” she said.
The implementation of the construction of the water supply system will be done at Makum.
After the discussion, it was decided to send a complaint against the Defense Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde that the Government of India should not amend to reduce the powers of the 6th Scheduled, but should to strengthen the Khaddar rule in the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: Regarding the incident ha Mookhep where two students of Wapung School were shot dead by police, and just a day after the burial of their bodies, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, he went to investigate the incident which happened on 24th November,
Last year, the PWNSAT exam was successful.
According to the Secretary, up to 238 pigs have died from ASF since the outbreak in early July this year.
At this meeting, some of the areas where there is a misunderstanding of the protocols issued by the Deputy Commissioners or the Political Department were reviewed and in this regard, their office was directed. The Deputy Commissioner and the Office of the Chief Secretary to issue a full directive on this matter.
In this regard, we have seen that in the years 2009-2011 it has started working and we hope that they will complete it on time, because the state has to rely on the transportation of essential goods through the road. .
These teams will inspect all the shopkeepers around Shillong including Motphran, Police Bazaar, Polo, Civil Hospital, IGP Point, Barik, Laitumkhrah, Laban, Rynjah, Nongmensong and Madanrting. .
Before taking this decision to declare the name of Sohra as the rainiest place, there was a heated discussion among the scientists who study the natural forces, and it was also reported that even after the discussion In Geneva, another research committee was set up with astronomers from Argentina, Columbia, France, Germany, India, Morocco, Spain and the United Kingdom.
Instead of these stones, put sohphan trees cleaned with soil, to cover the roots of the tree so that it can eat them.
This creates inequality in income and lifestyle.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 09: In another incident, families living near the North East Cancer Hospital near Mawsmai, 11 Mer along with the patients who were treated at the hospital have escaped a tragic incident after a A terrible fire broke out suddenly in one of the transformers in front of the entrance to the hospital.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donboklang congratulated the members of the MYCC for bringing the Shnong and especially the Youth Club to names and honors in the past years.
There is a saying, 'God is Truth and Truth is God'
This is only a proposal and cannot be assumed to have been accepted by the authority of the Government or any language authority.
Seventeen Chinese and Indonesian crew members were rescued after a ship capsized off the coast of West Bengal, the Kolkata Coast Guard said. Ukrainian soldiers have been killed and dozens more wounded when rebels attacked and fought against troops in parts of eastern Ukraine today.
Later, the Commander said that to date, there are more than 40,000 farmers who have become members of the organization and it will expand to Garo Hills in the coming days.
“We had to go looking for Nia and Bakha.
We believe that the Government will be willing to take action this time and not just to deceive,” he said.
The union added that in this area while it is able to curb the influx of foreigners, it will not allow it and the union will continue to work to maintain the village without the presence of Dkhars. Dawanyo Symblai, President of the Youth Association, said in a statement.
In another match, Iawmulong Nartiang SC beat Panaliar Sports Club 1-0 in a thrilling match.
Speaking to media, the President of KSU SWKHD, Bah Forwardman Nongrem said that during the meeting with the Minister, the KSU SWKHD raised about four issues including the need to put in place The Rehabilitation Center in Mawkyrwat has been closed due to the increase in the number of drug addicts and many of the drug addicts in the area come from poor families. This health center will free them from this problem and they will get a new life. There is no follow-up on the drug traffickers which has led them to do the same thing even after being arrested. To set up District Level and Block Level Committees and to involve the youth of the villages in these committees, to empower the villages to fight against the spread of drugs. The Minister was also informed about the lack of work of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) in South West Khasi Hills District to curb drugs in the area.
The students under the banner of KNGCSU have closed down all karma classes to condemn the government for abandoning the NEHU in West Jaintia Hills District.
The death toll from the virus in India has risen to 2 lakh with 3,000 deaths in the past 24 hours.
He said that the union has also found many shortcomings in the new school building which is still empty, such as tables, chairs, electricity, water and especially the ground of the school is still intact. only with clay and not yet cleaned with dewbilat or paint.
The same understanding is heard in the Gospel of Matthew 24:12 “...and iniquity shall abound, and love shall wax cold...” and when love is gone, mankind is destroyed, and the world is destroyed. filled with hatred and murder.
There are 81 members in the Assembly and it is the state where the Naxals are strongest.
He said it is necessary to look into the amendment of the Act to include the KHADC land whether it is in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of the JAC, Pa'iem Freeman Syiem, Syiem of Sohra Hima. Many speakers included the Secretary of the JAC, Bah Khrawbok Basaiawmoit, The Rangbah Shnong of Khliehshnong, Sohra, Bah P.Tariang, the Rangbah Shnong of Laitryngew, Jied, Thomas Jyrwa, President, Coal Suppliers Association, Sohra and other elders of the area. He expressed his feelings on the coal mining ban which has affected all the residents of Sohra area.
Khliehriat Jymmang 18: Four heavy cows have died in a fire at Mookhep village, East Jaintia Hills District, this morning at 12.30 pm. The cause of the fire is still unknown.
These rules do not apply to red zones.
The quiz and prize giving ceremony will be held at 10 pm at Lumshnong Community Hall.
Jowai, Naitung 06: U OR Challam, while talking about the condition of the roads around Jowai and in Jaintia Hills as a whole, said that the government has not seen anything. These are the problems that the people face every day in their walk.
James said that there are many issues that the opposition will bring to the House.
Nongstoiñ, July 06: The Congress party in Mawthadraishan has split into two factions. The party led by the HYC WKHD has split into two factions. Manbha K. Raswai, General Secretary of the HSPDP, has decided to leave the Congress and support the HSPDP candidate Shakliar Warjri.
“Meghalaya should be prepared to take the second path.
Recalling that Thomas Jones was the pioneer of the Khasi people to escape from darkness, Rev. Pariat said that when this Missionary from Wales came to Khasiland he saw the condition of the Khasi people. The Khasi people are in darkness from their language, literature, cleanliness and people who are in the faith.
Another area which has not done its job is the Village Vigilant Committees in the villages and villages or accused them of not doing their job or colluding with dealers.
Palak Gulia won the women's Air Pistol shooting competition along with the gold medal after defeating the strongest team in their shooting competition. women in the 21st Kumar Surendra Singh Pistol Championship at Madhya Pradesh Academy, Bhopal.
The tournament started on 10th June, 2020 with 17 teams in the men's category and 3 teams in the women's category. .
“On our part, we demand from the office to suspend immediately until it is clear on this issue.
Charelang Mulieh scored in the 15th minute, Tushar Pale in the 19th minute and Nidaroi Mulieh scored three goals in the 33rd, 48th and 60+1 minutes.
Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest along with SC Laloo, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District as the chief guest. Bah A.Warbah, BADO of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block with the participation of teachers of 9 schools.
MOWKAIAW: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) candidate from the UDP, Dr.
“Now I will consult with the people and what the people want from now on and we will do what is necessary,” he added.
The shooting occurred after five Karbis burnt down two houses of Khanduli residents in a field within the Khanduli boundary and the Karbi residents threatened one Khanduli resident. .
I also have that medicine Bret.
She also played the role of Sita in one of the Telegu films and this film has attracted many viewers and received praise at the same time.
The Supreme Court has taken action on the allegation, but ruling leaders including Prime Minister Narendra Modi have not commented on the matter.
Shillong, Iaiong 9: When the promise of bang thylliej was violated, the animals were angry and this happened in Jirang Constituency where for 15 years now the people have been waiting for the PHC, but it has been in vain. They have been deceived only by the foundation stones of the elections.
“You must have been injured.
" Then in verse 51 he says, "We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed, 52 in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet.
The cause of the accident is unknown and the accident occurred between 12 noon and 3 pm.
The BJP has not yet decided on the MP election and said that as reported, it is wrong because even if it is the decision of the party, the party does not believe it. shall not take a decision without consultation with the state unit.
Shillong, March 20: A bus coming from Smit area has failed to brake and collided with three small vehicles including local taxis at 10:30 am this morning.
The following are my suggestions to the Government on how to act when the disease is no longer present in our state:(1) To strictly control the border areas and border markets:- The Government is not to count sting or to allow foreigners to enter at will after the end of the lockdown and the pandemic.
“It is difficult to implement environmental protection laws and practices according to this era and the opposition to the management practices across the state,” said Kropha.
We will be waiting for you.
HDR Lyngdoh, the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from 23 Sohiong Constituency, has passed away suddenly on 20th June 2023 at Bethany Hospital. ,Nongrim Hills Shillong.
It will also help to know that the number of Catholics in India has now reached more than 70 million.
“I strongly suspect that there was something behind the decision of the Board to remove the Khasi language,” said Bah Nongrum while speaking at the 74th death anniversary of the poet. KSU Mawlai Circle today held a seminar on the subject of Soso Tham.
Suraj Yadav took three wickets and Faizan Mondal took two wickets.
Sakshi Malik, Bajrang Punia and Vinesh Phogat on Tuesday denied reports that they had suggested withdrawing from the protest against WFI leader Brij Bhushan Singh. , but they added that they will continue to fight until a fair decision is made.
Inside the Langdoh's house, after the Ku Tyngkong, Pator gave the jaiñspong to the Langdoh of the Raij, Dalammi Joh and the silver plate to the Langdoh.
All shops are also prohibited from selling kyiad and other alcoholic beverages.
“Today's program is a step to emphasize the need for all to work together to achieve the goal we have set before us,” he said. not only by the Government but also by the involvement of the community in the villages.
The Aspire Meghalaya was organized as part of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government and sponsored by the State Education Mission Authority of Meghalaya (SEMAM-SSA) under the Ministry of Education. of the state.
Learn about BapyrkhatThank you...God-fearing leaders can bring about a clean government.
Glorify took part in the women's Spirit Run's where she won, while Sangita Bordoloi and Padmini Das came second and third respectively.
And if I pass the examination as my mother and father sent me, I don't know what I will be like now.
“Of course, we are deeply saddened and especially shocked by such incidents.
Vitamin D : Vitamin D is also known as the sunshine vitamin for the proper functioning of the body.
The Word of God says, “They said, Let us cut them off (Israel) from being a nation, that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance” (Psalm 83:4).
Meghalaya has collected more than Rs 300 crore in revenue from the sale of liquor in 2022-23 from the Excise Department.
Many of those who have been infected have gone to Assam for treatment, he said, while those who live in Byrnihat and Jorabad are too close to Assam because there is no treatment center in Nongpoh.
Mawkhar should have scored but the referee did not award a penalty, which made the players of Mawkhar angry.
The 7th Wasa was also the final of the Meghalaya State League.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) has congratulated the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on the occasion of the memorial holiday of Rev Thomas Jones.
Hezbollah has launched a missile strike from Lebanon in eastern Israel today.
“The Government has not criticized the Sirdar of Saitsohpen or the District Council for claiming that this land is government land and is pleased to say that all the land under the British Government is government land,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
After the termination of the contract with HPL, the state government has discussed with the central government on this issue and after agreement, it has been decided to hand over to MUDA for implementation, he said.
Heibormi Sungoh scored the first goal of the match in the 80's.
The total number of confirmed cases is 1,4
We have to hope that there will be more school children who will ride the STEMS buses because as mentioned earlier, no one can be forced to accept or reject the use of these buses.
He also thanked the Director of NEPA, Depak Kumar and other NEPA police officers for their hard work in completing this training for these police officers despite the outbreak of COVID-1 19 and they have been able to complete the training until this great day which is a memorial for these police officers who have completed the training for the service of the people of Assam.
It is learned that the residents of the village have not been able to sleep peacefully because these elephants have been coming to harass them for three months.
Jewelry can enhance and reflect the character and uniqueness of women and this reveals the most beautiful face when you know how to match them with the clothes you wear when there is a party.
Therefore, after this refusal by the family, as the Rangbah Shnong, I suggested to the family that if they want to bury in the church cemetery, they should write a letter to the church, so that the village and the church can talk, he added.
The PHE divisions that have received the contracts are Simsanggre T.6.23 crore, Tura T.4.74 crore, Tura North Division T.9.9 crore, Ampati Division T.44.63 crore, Resubelpara T.7.97 crore and Baghmara T.59 crore. lakh, Nongpoh T.7.19 crore, Umsning T.5.18 crore, S&D Division T.1.87 crore, Investigation Division, T.3.31 crore, Hills Division T.5.24 crore, Sohra T.2.27 crore, Electrical Division, Shillong.57 lakh, Electrical Division Mawphlang T.3.45 crore, GSWS Division No.I Shillong T.1.24 crore, GSWS Division II, Mawphlang T.2.5 crore, Electrical Division Jowai T.42 lakh, RWS Division Jowai T.5.39 crore, Mairang Division T.1.83 crore crore, Nongstoin Division T.20.17 crore, Mawkyrwat Division T.7.71 crore, Superintendent Engineer, Tura Circle T.3.18 lakh.
The problem faced by the students is that they have to go to a lawyer to write their affidavit and they have to pay them.
Police from the Fire & Emergency Services and SDRF have arrived at the scene to extinguish the fire to prevent the spread of the fire to the surrounding areas.
Police have registered two cases against Agnes under Sections 506/34, 109/186/188/353/332 of the Indian Penal Code.
He said that at this meeting it was expected that the boundary of Labang Nongphyllut should not be lost and if lost, the boundary of Labang Nongphyllut should not be lost. “It's not right to shed blood or die,” said Sungoh.
The state has not only become a hotbed of drug trafficking but has now become one of the main sources of drug trafficking. young children, many of whom are still young.
Other speakers included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, the Director of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary; Dr. A. Laloo, Sub-Divisional Veterinary Officer, Mairang, Dr. DD Lywait and the Sordar of Mawsawa, Bah Loving Star Mawlong.
After many days, some of the villagers came to see if the children were alive or dead.
On the 3rd, a post mortem was conducted and the post mortem confirmed that he died of suicide.
Regarding the use of the same mobile number by many beneficiaries, it can be said that the mobile number is not important to verify the beneficiaries.
On the other hand, u Lasting Suchiang in his speech encouraged those with disabilities not to lose hope but to have the hope that one day they will become rich in the kingdom of God.
Nongpoh, Nailur 22: Hundreds of members and leaders of the HITO who marched from Umiam to Khanapara today were arrested by the police and magistrates of Ri Bhoi District in Byrnihat. to go to Khanapara area and also to the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet to protest against the establishment of a casino in Ri Bhoi.
“But I don't lobby, there is no lobby (or I don't seek support at all),” he said.
From here too, many problems and difficulties will arise that destroy the well-being of the people.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that the unity of the UDP and HSPDP has embarrassed the parties from the north.
Through the Self Help Group (SHG) and with the support of the National Rural Livelihood Mission, about 4 lakh women have benefited.
The purpose of the Bhasha Utsav is to disseminate information on various languages ​​in India to the students.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Executive Member (EM) in charge of the Forest Department of KHADC, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri on Friday met with the Minister of Border Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong to inform him of the urgent need to complete the project. The footpath of Pungweikyian village, Nongshken constituency.
The KSU Mawlai Unit has sent a letter to the Central Body to look into the matter once again, regarding the decision to expel the President of the Circle and also to remove the Mawlai Circle. Circle, which the Mawlai Unit has not yet received a reply from the Sengkmie.
On the other hand, Sarita Lyngdoh, Bah BL Nongbri and Bah Sylvester (Bah Best) Kurbah have not heard whether they are still contesting or not, but they cannot be counted stingy because they have their own vote bank. .
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC and Nongthymmai SC won the first leg of the Shillong Premier League 2023 at the SSA Stadium, Polo on Saturday. to score more and finish the game with a 6-3 victory over Nongthymmai.
If this statement by these foreigners and factory managers, is true, it means that the reason for the illegal entry of foreigners to do business without permits in the state, is because of the sting palat to the District Council.
Rakkam said that if the drama continues, something unthinkable may happen, and when it happens, who else will take responsibility? The inheritance that comes from the righteous will no longer be forgiven.
She also urged the students not to be afraid, but to come forward and express their grievances, and if there are any grievances, to inform the union so that it can take strong action. against the teachers of the school.
TULBA and Axis Bank donated these items on Thursday.
Another surprising step is the establishment of Community Quarantine Centers by the villages.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mull Nongbri, President of MCCL Labours's Union, said that a general meeting of the workers was held yesterday, but he declined to reveal what was decided at the meeting.
“With the knowledge I have gained as a Government Employee, I want to make the new Government respect the Managers, respect the Local Officers, respect the rules. “We have been improving these but we cannot eliminate them all,” he added.
It may be recalled that Bah Stering Khongtiang, Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkhat, was seriously injured after being tied with a bottle of kyiad by a foreigner named Nintu Kori on Tuesday night.
She started working in the Supreme Court in June 2014 as a junior court assistant and in her complaint, she accused nine employees of the court who knew about the incidents, including u The driver of the CJI, who took her to the railway station and then two of her neighbours, who told about the police search at her residence.
Meanwhile, the girls of Eastern West Khasi Hills beat East Garo Hills District 3-0, and the three goals were scored by Isha Warjri who scored two goals. Rympeeibasuk Syiemlieh scored the second goal for the second half.
In the Under-14 boys category, Seiñduli scored only 1 goal against Mawsyrpat, while in the women's category, NPScYC lost to Umwahlang. 2 colts nod.
We don't know why especially because it is the time of power outage,” said Kong Tiewsoh.
Less than 10 months before the election to the Legislative Assembly on 27th June, 2023, the People's Democratic Front (PDF) of the Zonal Committee of Mawkyrwat Block has announced that it will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency 36, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar, has left the party.
In another match of the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy in Shillong, Meghalaya needed 160 runs to win with two days left.
Those who attend church services should go to places near their homes to avoid the crowds.
“The quarrying in the Rani Jirang area has been going on for more than 20 years and continues today, and many of the hills of the kingdom have been destroyed by Assam.
The distribution of advertisements at the expense of the public exchequer in newspapers and other media and the use of government propaganda during the election period for the purpose of advertising political news and publicity in relation to achievement stories with the aim of improving the prospects of the ruling party should be avoided. hard.5.
FKJGP Nongjri Area Unit General Secretary Michael Marbaniang, Barnabas and other members from Nongjri were also present on the occasion. .
Walter started dancing in the 1990s and became known for his dancing style to imitate Michael Jackson, who is the best dancer/singer in America.
“All three persons are from West Midnapore and Howrah Rural,” the police chief said.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The match will be played at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf Polo today.
Shillong: A man has died recently after his motorcycle collided with the wheels of a truck.
Don't be so proud that the Meiieid has children above.
The availability of adequate roads encourages all development activities to enter the area from private individuals, companies, NGOs and the people themselves to work, trade and so on. .
At the same time, he urged the faithful to receive this Sacrament and to come to the Holy Mass at the right time from the beginning of the Mass. receive this Sacrament except those who are in the midst of illness.
From children to adults including men and women took part in this day.
Clearly, the RTE is only at the Secretariat of the Sar Officers, at the Directorate of the Ministry of Education who know everything about the RTE but nothing is working on the ground.
On this occasion, the Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar Wyrnai has honored the elders and women who have married into the Kur, their children and friends who have contributed to the good deeds of the Kur.
At the end of the tournament, a speech was delivered by Samla Alexius Narleng, who expressed his happiness to see that the members of the party have been able to hold such a tournament. It is also part of the development of football skills among the youth in the area.
Welcome speech was delivered by Asst.Waheh Shnong JM Pohsngap while Secretary Wandamio Bamon welcomed the guests.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that up to 4.5 lakh households have been involved in agriculture and therefore programs like FOCUS and FOCUS+ will help the farmers to improve their livelihoods. increase their crops.
It is shocking how these drug dealers have tried to deceive the young school children.
Dr. Bhuyan also gave a speech on the topic of “Utilizing Biogenic Microswimmers in Microbiological Research”.
He said that this company is not new but they have been running for more than three years and the village cannot listen anymore and today they cannot close the door. to this factory.
The awards went to Chokpot CHC, Bhoirymbong CHC, Laskein CHC and Khliehriat CHC. The E-district and five mobile apps were also launched on the occasion.
The great thinker continued: “democracy is not just a form of government.
Mominic said the NPP is angry with the support and trust of the people to the Meghalaya TMC. procession of NPP supporters threw stones, mawit and attacked the house where I held the meeting.
Children shall not be required to read any language separately.
Our nation needs first of all to protect against the infiltration of the authorities, to protect the clean marriage, to protect the border and the land of the indigenous people, to protect the customs and traditions of the indigenous people. traditional customs and traditions and to preserve the unique language of us the children of Hynniewtrep.
Regarding the allegation by the party leaders in Delhi, Michael Kharsyntiew has named former BJP State President Shibun Lyngdoh and former General Secretary Bashailang Khongwir as those who received the money. he paid.
Banrilang is wearing a blue sweater.
In addition, the Assam government has announced that it will sher dara in Meghalaya for the implementation of the NRC (National Registration of Citizens) Act. the CAA (Citizenship Amendment Bill) and the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
“The police have explained the law only to arrest the HITO, because the HITO had campaigned against the NPP in the last MLA election and especially against the Symbud Myntri Rangbah,” said the statement. The VPP strongly condemns the working methods of the Ministry of Home Affairs under the supervision of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
In the 2019-20 season, Mizoram won the title after beating Punjab 5-4 in the tie-breaker in Shillong.
After being encouraged by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Independence Day speech, the CM said that the CM has fulfilled its objective in providing for all the needs of women who come from abroad. BJP MP Rakesh Sinha said he has built the village and sent thousands of soaps and sanitary pads to the area.
However, it was not possible because Lanosha had given the right reasons.
“The Engineer who came to work here has not received a certificate, this was found after the HYC during his tenure as President of the HYC found that he did not receive the proper documents. , how can he build this road," he said.
This is their way of working as happened in Manipur between the Meitei and Kuki”.
Amlarem SCC has qualified for the final of the Super Division of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) by beating Jarain SCC 1-0 -0.
Of course nutritious food plays a key role in overall mental and physical health.
No 5GEm and no 5g Don't let them introduce networks 5gEm 5GIt's not appropriate to introduce 5G, when only 4G is not enough and only the network is not provided properly.
Shillong: Ka Janailin Kharpan, a shooter from the state, has been invited for the Selection Trial for Junior and Cadet.
However, the meaning of the word 'jamuroin', especially 'dark horse', means that he can win, or he can 'stay behind'
It is also the largest Festival of Religion and Jews from all over the world come to participate.
I think this is not a raibi, but it is our way of thinking, because what we think, so will our country.
These days, there are those who go to church just to get food and meat because they don't get it at home, there are those who go to church just to show off their new clothes, there are those who go just to meet friends, there are those who go to church. listen lorni to the preachers, there are very few who go with a spirit prepared to receive spiritual food.
In the Dicus Throw U-16yrs (Girls), Zephania Lyngdoh Marshillong of Mairang Press School won the gold medal, Labianghun L. Nonglait of Markasa Sec School won the silver medal and Melarihun Lyngdoh of Auxilium Sec School won the bronze medal.
(1) You have freedom. (2) Your freedom is in your hands. (3) There is no time limit.
However, the school has produced many students who have passed the MBoSE examination, including those who have passed the top 20 in the SSLC examination and also students who have scored 100 marks in the MBoSE examination. 100 in Mathematics.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, the residents have also requested the government from the leaders to take action regarding the problem faced by the residents to implement the scheme or to build any road. There are also measures to improve this road for the safety of the people in coming and going.
This has disappeared since 1968, after the 'Teem' came to the fore.
The charge of devil worship is fictitious.
In the Shillong MP election, the BJP received 95,979 votes and came fourth.
In the world of social media, it is the platform for users, so marketing should also target and understand users.
“Our society has deteriorated,” said Lyngdoh, who said that the abduction or trafficking of women and children has also started to increase.
Hearing the PIL, a two-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said, “The State has asked for some time to introduce the roster system.
They have reached the semi-finals of the Hero Junior League against Minerva Punjab FC tomorrow.
“We demand that the police department should take strong action against those involved in such a terrible crime so that the relatives and parents of the girls can feel safe,” said Bah Hamlet Dohling. .
This gathering of young men and women was part of the Tymmen u San group under the leadership of Rgh.Skor Jala to offer prayers and blessings to the young men and women. but don't be afraid of your own religion.
The court also said that the state government should have signed social agreements with other hospitals in the area or outside the area which treat the disease but it seems that there is no such idea.
Religions and customs are the only ways to reach that eternal land—a land of no more hunger and peace, which we call in English (PARADISE).
There are more difficult formulas like physics maths and chemistry I write on a piece of paper and put it back on the board.
The DC also announced that anyone who wishes to complain through Facebook is allowed and the fb account of the district authority is the DC Jowai.
Jowai, July 2: U Stephenson Mukhim, Parliamentary Secretary in charge of Transport and Others, Government of Meghalaya, in his speech as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the 125th Anniversary of The Unitarian Church in Nongtalang, said that the teaching of the Church to respect other religions is the foundation that the world needs today.
The election of the Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur was held on the 25th of March by the office of the Dolloi of Jowai District, Ma Puramon Kynjing.
Initially, they will accept only about 20 patients and after that they will look after them.
Jaintia Hills has produced many kinds of foodstuffs including soh ki pai, various kinds of jhur, rice, sala, sohsaw, sabaingon, various kinds of shriew, sohmynken, shynrai (Lakadong and u Lashein) and other species which can be exported outside the State or even abroad.
Throughout the day, the logo and slogan, 'Together, Let's Stand Forward' were launched by Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh.
“We have already issued orders that no religious services should be held in churches, no public gatherings should be held unless permission has been given by the Deputy Commissioner, according to the Deputy Commissioner. circumstances and necessity and according to their discretion may grant permission".
The United Liberation Front (LAF) has claimed responsibility for the brutal murder of two Bihar workers in Kashmir.
We will reach bankruptcy," he said.
After lodging the complaint, they went to meet with the DC to discuss the matter and to request that the DC The Chief Election Officer of the State has written to the Chief Election Officer of the State to take the necessary action.
In a statement, Zenith said that the government of Conrad Sangma has no right to be in power, because there is only a government while there is no rule.
There was also a complaint between the BJP and the Union Minister over the NPP's political activities on the opening day of the football stadium as no Union Minister was invited despite the Minority Affairs Department. she invested.
He urged the people not to sell their longrynïeng, because if they make a mistake this time, they will lose twice.
When you produce your own food, the money also stays in the country and thus brings about growth.
The group of stories is enough, the group of jer-nang sin is still the same, but the group of looking for reasons and to sher shu bein, to dait lymwir kat who finds and finds, it destroys the honor. -ijot of all, especially himself.
However, there is no problem if it removes the UDP which has 11 MLAs and has up to two ministers in the MDA 2.0 government.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinThe Bible Society (Protestant) says that the price was 100 rupees a day, while the Catholic Bible says that the price was 10 denarii a day.
Policies, programs and strategies must also be youthful, otherwise they will be abandoned or rejected by the youth of today.
According to the government estimates, there are about 60 popular tourist attractions but, in fact, there are hundreds of beautiful and clean tourist attractions, and The government has not yet been able to count the number of vehicles in many of these areas.
The target of the new plant is to produce 600MT per day.
When I arrived in the state, I was welcomed with smiling faces and the images of happiness will remain in my heart forever," Mamata said.
Conrad said the allocation for the youth which includes all the works to be done for the youth will be T.2,853 crore.
She said that the price of gas has increased four times in the past few months, from 600 tyngka to 1,100 tyngka.
“If they want to come to Pynursla, the door is still open for them, it is not that we don't allow them,” he said.
In fact, the important thing is that whoever contests the election, they must have a vision.
However, out of these three, only Dr. Ampareen has reached the target and is now in the Cabinet of Ministers in charge of Health and Agriculture.
Police have received a tip-off and are conducting investigation into the incident.
The 5th Interdong League was inaugurated by former Amlarem MLA Stephanson Mukhim in the presence of War Central MDC Holando Lamin and Advocate. Gen.
"I hope I can get the right opportunity to participate again," Murray told a BBC Radio Four program on Tuesday when asked whether he could or not. to serve at the Paris Olympics.
Thus, as the Church through T.Bn.
SDPO Bah Ian Onel Swer was also present at the public hearing, Rangbah Shnongs from different villages in the area, school children and the public.
Therefore, if any patients need to undergo tests, blood transfusions and others, they will be transported by drone so that the people can benefit especially from the deterioration of the road,” she said.
Others who attended the program included MDC Mairang-Nongkhlaw, Bah Batskhem Ryntahiang, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, Bah MB Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Syiem of Myriaw, Pa'iem K. Syiem, Syiem of Mawiang, Pai'em N. Syiem, Chief of the villages of the area, ki farmers, SHG members, teachers and students.
If it is true, they should wake up quickly and within this short period of time they will find that it is too late to do anything.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has reminded all the residents of Mawlai Circle that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through the Environment Committee (KSU) is strongly concerned about the drilling of water. strongly affects the natural force and also affects many sources of water used every day.
The Muslim leader's remarks have sparked outrage among many women in the country, with Maleeka Bokhari, Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Justice, criticizing the Muslim leader's remarks. the disease is not caused by the sexual immorality of women.
The lucky draw tickets were launched by Ma Lammat-OO Laloo, Elder of the Iawchibidi Kur on 28th November at the Loomkyrwiang Dorbar Hall.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) in the past few months has discovered the fraudulent activities of a road construction company known as M/s Kampung Kamyer Trading Co. from Arunachal Pradesh. Abhilash Kishore Kashyap has submitted forged documents to the government for the construction of the Jowai Bye-Pass Road in Amlarem area worth Rs 59,88,88,8 -Five lakh fifty-five thousand five hundred and fifty tyngka) is not funded by the Central Government through the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH).
In another letter, the KSU has sent a letter to the DC regarding the job placement for the students who have already trained at ITI Khliehriat.
Therefore, regarding this festival, the HYC Ri Bhoi District, expresses its strong opposition and cannot accept it at all, because the HYC itself believes that they are against the society.
This is the fourth and strongest earthquake in 205 years in Nepal and another, the largest, after the 1934 earthquake, which destroyed Kathmandu.
Joe Marwein President FKJGP, said the protest is that there will be no loss of farmland of those who live on the border with Bangladesh who used to support their families.
It is to be recalled that a woman identified as Kong Palmima Rani, resident of Mawlyndep, came to give birth at Ganesh Das Government Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong on 30th June the couple gave birth to a baby girl on January 1, 2023.
Speaking on the occasion, the SP said that he had received information that some people who claimed to be from Lakhimpur District, Assam were planning to sell the gold at a high price.
“The Government should not ignore the NCTE rules in the recruitment of teachers in Government schools so that education in South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram C&RD Block will improve in the coming years. " added the Seng.
This is the last match of the league stage of the tournament where Mawlai have 16 points behind Rangdajied United FC with 18 points.
The allegation that in the Executive Committee we will only discuss the money is impossible.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who held the review meeting of the department, on 5th June, 2024, said that the election of the Chairperson of the MSCW of the department wants to be held in a clean manner. Applications have been invited through announcements for the candidates who wish to participate in the search committee. Your application has been submitted.
Pay attention to your character, Like a shi-rong dress.
But in meter counting, we are sure, that it will not be easy, if we continue to sit many and the reason, is, because as soon as many sit, one will go down, one will go up and Therefore, many meters have to be installed, but if only one is installed, the meter counting will not work at all and there will be a minute-long conflict between the driver and the driver. taxi driver.
The saw-the-sian cat cat.
Although the team was encouraged by the second goal, Mizoram didn't give up and until the end of the first half, the match remained 4-2
He said that Dr. Kalam always reminded him of his duty to work hard to develop his own thinking and to work hard for his own future.
“Through the decision of the NGT Calcutta, they have directed the state government to make rules for these coke factories. The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSP CB) has already lodged a complaint in the District Court against the illegal factories.
When asked what decision the government will take in this regard, Prestone said that he will hold another meeting once and they will take a decision.
On the other hand, the supporters of the UDP party from the Jyllep Unit, speaking to the media, said that such a claim of ownership of people without proper grounds to become supporters of the MLA, Bah H.M. Shangpliang just because they came to his meeting was unacceptable because it seemed like a lie and a lie.
However, this time too, peace could not be brought to the area and the conflict has intensified.
On the other hand, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun in his speech, promised to the residents that he will take action on this issue to talk to the state government.
Mr. Risingbor received a Certificate of Appreciation for his participation in the workshop on the making of traditional musical instruments organized by the Government of Meghalaya (2008).
ML-04A-3219 was arrested by Wilan Earnest Dhar of Nongbah Village, WJH District.
He said that 20 buses will be purchased immediately to travel to and from schools.
Out of all the participants, Irene Dkhar was selected as one of the finalists from 40 countries to win the title.
However, shortly before the Magistrate, Kong I.Majaw arrived at the scene, security forces including police and CRP arrived at the scene.
This writing system will one day mislead and destroy the true writing system and in the heritage of our children, the Khasi alphabet and the spelling system according to the grammar. we use it now, it may be that they will disappear.
He can transform our homes into a place of peace and love.
The North East Cricket Development Committee (NECDC) is a coalition of seven teams from the region – including Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Sikkim – which have become full members of the NECDC. BCCI. Bhattacharjee has been appointed as the Convener of the NECDC. Although the team came second, Meghalaya could not regain the title, winning all seven times in a row. played before the final.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 15: In the past few days, a Hati has arrived at 5 kilo Kyllon Mathei village in Shahlang area and Photjalei village in Shyrkon area. It has destroyed all the crops including Synsar and others and it is also said that it has eaten all the Kba.
, said a statement from Pynbiang Rymbai.
The training will be conducted by the Asst.Director, NABH, New Delhi on 30.05.2019 from 10 am to 4 pm. .
I feel as a leader that this is not a challenge but it will encourage us to work harder.
The new cases include 15 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills, 6 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from South West Garo Hills, 3 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from Eastern West Khasi Hills and 1 from East Garo Hills. 2.
Paul criticized the district authorities for not being prepared to hold such a public hearing which led to violence and injuries.
Although the Meghalaya government has issued a notice to allow the opening of tourist attractions in the state from 16th March 2020 in strict compliance with the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, The Society has not yet allowed visitors to visit the site until further notice.
Her passing away is a great loss not only to her fellow journalists, but to the state as a whole.
Therefore, we, the little people, shall eat everything if we can, but we shall not steal.
This beautiful place falls under four villages, namely Jatah Nonglyer, Mawsir, Mawdulop and Ksanrngi.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 6: The Siejlieh Sports Social and Cultural Youth Organization (SYC) on Saturday celebrated the Silver Jubilee of the 25th Anniversary of Mawmer. Pala MP of Lok Sabha Shillong Seat was the chief guest.
He said that Tarana has strengthened the party because it speaks on issues that affect the people.
One by one, the businessmen or their children and relatives were admitted to the House of Representatives.
In this regard, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Amlarem on the 22nd met with the CMD who is the Chief Secretary of the state and the Director of Distribution of MeECL at Lumjingshai Shillong. ready to accept the demand of the Union to suspend.
There is no restriction on Muslims from any part of the world applying for Indian citizenship under Section 6 of the Citizenship Act, which relates to Indian citizenship.
Nongpoh, June 05: At the conclusion of the Under 15 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament organized by the Meghalaya District Cricket Association (MLA) at Umbuda Stadium in Ri Bhoi, Tura District Cricket Association won the title by beating Shillong District Cricket Association by four wickets.
Because if the corona virus works for you, you don't know whether you will live or die.
The reason is that the dewbilat in this païa is very thick even when you cut it with your hands.
Of course there are some plants that live on the profits of other plants.
There was a thorough discussion on this and it was decided that there is no recognition of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram and the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram was ordered to remove the word 'Seng Khasi' from the registration of the Seng Khasi Hima. an.
The five-day Dorbar Synrai of the MLAs of Meghalaya will start from 15th November, and we hope that it will be fruitful on many issues affecting the state.
The KSU Western Border Area, recently on 17th July 2022, visited the family of Paul Makri, who has been an inspiration to the youth of the country. u young man and at the same time to remember this death of him from this earth for the reason that as a young man he carried the sacrifice of protecting the nation and the brave deeds of they shall proclaim it, and shall be an example to the armies of the nation.
MLA Pyniaid Sing Syiem will be the chief guest.
It is true that the time has come for the MLAs to sit in the dorbar because they are only in their constituencies but in any case, this is a temporary matter. to prevent any political party from taking advantage of the election to mislead the people.
“ To make known to all men what is the mystery which hath been hid from ages past in God who created all things, to make now known unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places, through the church according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:
At the end of the first half, Ryntih SC took a 1-0 lead.
The tournament will conclude on Tuesday with the participation of State football star Redeem Tlang as the chief guest.
Nongpoh, Nailur 05: The Butcher Association of Meghalaya and the Ri Bhoi Welfare Organization today expressed their deep sorrow over the mistreatment of cows by the Veterinary Department of Ri Bhoi District. They seized a cow truck which was intended to be used only for slaughter to meet the needs of the people in the state.
The price of soybeans purchased by the NCCF and NAFED will be sold at T.90 per kilo and later at T.80 per kilo from 16th November,
One of the guards is outside the gate of the DC office Jowai (Gate I) near the HDFC ATM, Gate II (DC Point) and Gate III (DSJ office), the second inside the ground floor of the DC office and the third at the entrance and exit. at the DC office.
The sky of the political situation in Meghalaya has become brighter and the power of the unity of the leaders has risen to magnify the true purpose of the jaidbynriew to revive what the people have longed for. big.
it is a child to bring private life into the public arena".
The Minister said that he has also directed various colleges to assist in explaining to the students about the importance of CUET and how to apply for the test.
On the other hand, Bah AL Hek, said that the acquisition of the land for the laying of the foundation stone, is due to the initiative of the state government and which has a great desire, for the development of the to earn income in the state and especially to develop the farmers in the state.
However, it is necessary to mention these issues that affect us most.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Bangladesh National Party (BNP) leader Salahud din Ahmed has been arrested by the Bangladesh National Party (BNP) leader Salahud din Ahmed for illegally entering the state without proper documents.
The state government's efforts to purchase several buses to transport school children have been praised by the court.
Without dialogue, understanding cannot be achieved.
“On my part and the AITC, I send my condolences to the people who lost their lives and also to the people who were injured in this incident,” he said.
At this one-day meeting, JHADC Chief Executive Member Ma Thombor Shiwat presented a report on the preparation of some parts of the Bills
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Dorbar Shnong Mawpait Tlongpleng today under the leadership of the Minister of PWD Road, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, met with the Executive Engineer (EE) of PWD Road, Mawsynram Division, Bah TS Bashan.
Although there was a natural disaster in the storm, it was with hard work and a positive attitude that it was successful.
As a result, the market for DG sets have disappeared!The government has also demonstrated its commitment towards the environment through its focus on renewable electricity.
Meghalaya, who tied after that, scored 61/5, behind Nagaland by 127 runs.
Rymbai Wahshnong beat Umlawang SC 2-0 with Elvinstar Swer 39' and Verdictson Swer 67'.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of November,
The state also won two silver and one bronze medals in archery.
The deceased was identified as Gamchia Ch.
On this occasion, there was a distribution of medicines and a free medical check up which benefited all the residents of Umlawang.
Meanwhile, James Ban Basaiawmoit said that HDR Lyngdoh's statement to the people of Khasiland means that he is blind and deaf.
On the other hand, Dr. Arvind Nongpuir, Assistant Professor, Department of Psychiatry, NEIGRIHMS, Shillong, said that many of those who are addicted to drugs are those who started from an early age.
The entry fee will be Rs.2000/-, including the fee for the 25 players.
Bindo said the receipt of forms from the MSPCB and the demand of the board for the necessary documents such as NOC (no objection certificate) from the Forest Department of the government, will not affect the ownership. bag those who don't have coal.
In this regard, the JAC insists that the government should stop this as it is impossible for the Assam government to build a road in this area which has not fallen under the Dispute Area.
Thus, those who fight against the government authorities are considered as terrorists.
In another photograph, a woman is shown pretending to drink dettol and saying, “Drink dettol in the morning”.
However, her opponent managed to score the next three goals to win.
The publication of opinion polls should be accompanied by information that will help readers understand the poll such as the process of conducting the poll, how many people were interviewed, how many mistakes can be made, the effective date and reference information.
After witnessing the increase in drug trafficking in Andhra Pradesh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, YS Jagan Mohan Reddy has directed the relevant teams to take action to strengthen the implementation and monitoring with the aim of preventing drug-related harm.
They said that besides the backwardness of the area, the lack of responsibility of the officers especially the BDO has caused problems to the villagers.
Paul's remarks came after Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma acknowledged that Mukroh is part of Assam.
Looking back at the election campaign, the BJP has used national issues such as the implementation of the UCC, the double engine government, the introduction of employment. For the Muslims, the threat of unrest if the Congress rules and others are issues while the Congress is using issues affecting the state or local issues including the supply of electricity by 200 units. , financial assistance to women, financial assistance to unemployed youth, to increase the productivity of the state and a commitment to eradicate corruption.
The name of the Minister is:- Jesse Singh Snar.
The Mynti said he welcomed the UNLF to democracy and wished them all the best in their journey to restore peace and development.
That is why we love this leader of yours.
At least 20 people have been killed in different districts of Gujarat due to lightning and unexpected rains, the State Emergency Operation Center (SEOC) said. , in the state.
The DC Supply has directed all food vendors to maintain a Stock-cum-Sale Register.
Ma DL Rymbai, former President of JYF, was present at the ceremony and took part in the swearing-in ceremony.
Through this programme, TB patients were also encouraged to accept assistance through Corporate Social Responsibility to receive treatment until recovery, to receive cooperation in the communities and to achieve The aim is to eradicate TB. The support to patients under this aim is to provide free treatment and medicines.
, BSF has lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 28, 2023 at 2.40 pm, a BSF personnel from Hawaitilla BOP, West Jaintia Hills arrested a Bangladeshi named Salim Ahmed. The 35-year-old man from Muktapur Patrol Post, West Jaintia Hills has been arrested.
On this occasion, Conrad distributed FOCUS cards, piglets and chickens under the PROGRESS scheme to Self Help Groups (SHGs).
Ointments made and produced from neem, tulsi and shynrai are the ones you can use for cleaning and purifying the presence of dirt.
Speaking at the General Meeting of the UDP North Shillong Circle at Lawmali, Dr Aman said that if you look at what he witnessed during his visit to the house to seek support for him in the MLA election, Dr Aman said that 2023 and the support of the people at the meetings he called as a candidate, he said he is confident that the victory is already in the hands of the UDP. “I have seen that the victory is in the hands of the UDP from North Shillong and that the UDP will lead the government in 2023,” said Dr. Water War.
However, the Federation of Khasi States was established later, although the Khasi language was still synonymous.
He said the BJP as a national party will contest in both Shillong and Tura.
“Referring to the lack of recognition of the Hima and even the Dorbar Shnongs by the Constitution, John said, “If you look at the Dkhars, their traditional rulers, the Panchayatiraj has been included in the Constitution. Article 243 and find out where you can find the Khasi Hima and our traditional system of government,” he said.
The most important thing is to find out about the poor and the needy who don't have enough money, because this incident will affect their livelihood if the government doesn't. The village and the state government will have to come up with ways to help them.
The owners of the Futsal Stadium include Dawanshan Kharbudon, Nathaniel Kharbudon, Mebanshan Kharbudon and Ardentson Syngkon.
The Rights of the Dorbar Shnongs The Dorbar Shnongs have the right and responsibility to deal with any activities in the community, especially the crimes within the boundaries of the village, whether they are illegal activities or disturbances in the village. , illegal activities or drug trafficking, or any other evil and destructive activities, including criminals or rioters in the community and others like them.
On the other hand, KAS also urged the Prime Minister to look into the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution from the Ministry of Home Affairs.
M.War Nongbri, Secretary, Bah BS Sohliya, Director, Information and Public Relations Department also spoke on the occasion.
Although he joined the club halfway through its tournament journey, the team's expectations of winning the league overall remain with him and lurking behind The world-famous football star hopes to win the title in the coming seasons while Ronaldo remains with the team.
The All Kimin Youth Welfare Association of Arunachal Pradesh, including the All Kimin Youth Welfare Association, on Saturday, alleged that it was an insult to the state of Arunachal Pradesh. They demanded that the State Government should investigate into the BRO's counting of Arunachal Pradesh.
Last month, the club won the Chakradhar Deka Football Tournament in Assam by beating Delhi FC 3-1
Shillong, Naitung 12: After receiving a tip on the presence of insurgents in the Balat-Dangar area, police on Saturday morning raided the area. A member of the Achik Matgrik Elite Force (AMEF), Vincent T Sangma, who claimed to be the Foreign Secretary of the Achik Elite Force (AMEF), has been arrested. Jack Marak, the leader of the party, was shot dead by the police in Lum Garo in the past few months.
“Please take action on this issue as it has severely affected the people of this area which includes about 9 villages,” said the union in a petition to the minister.
He said that if possible, the Society wants to help in all the areas where people need assistance but the opportunity does not allow to do so and urged the 50 families who have received the assistance to accept the assistance. these little gifts.
At present, the voice in Khasi Jaintia Hills is that the Roster should be implemented while the voice in Garo Hills is that the Reservation Policy should not be changed.
"I'm called Hep at home..." Hep replied, "I don't know you because I don't leave the house much, even when I'm on leave I stay at home and in the fields.
The Cabinet today decided to release these marrep which previously charged 1000 tyngka per truck.
Stressing on the need to protect catchment areas, Marak said that the chief minister has already constituted a water expert body, which will soon hold a conference here in Shillong.
Chuu I CC, which won the tournament, received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy, while Patharkhmah CC, which lost, received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy. He won a cash prize of T.7,000 and a trophy.
Speaking to reporters, Daniel said that the response of the children, youth and elderly from different parts of the Mawthadraishan Constituency has led him to take this decision. to apply for a ticket from the Congress party to contest the election to the Legislative Assembly from this constituency.
But the noise outside is very loud.
He said he also wanted to know whether the state government has taken up this issue with Assam so that peace and order can be maintained in the border areas.
Meanwhile, the Ramhah tree is located in the Kyrshang area, which is visible from Mawrah.
At the time of writing, it is not known whether there will be any casualties, although the rainfall has been heavy and has started to flood the rivers in the country.
Jesus foretold that these things would happen everywhere.
“His actions are like those of a child.
Shillong: U Chief Conservator of Forest (CCF) of Meghalaya, IFS Officer N Luikham, has committed suicide by hanging himself. His residence near Lady Keane College Shillong on Tuesday morning.
At the same time, he said that 6.7 names have been sent by the party from Shillong and these include the names of Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, who is the candidate who contested in 2019 and He said that the names of the two MLAs, Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai are also included.
The family members of Dharampal have lodged a complaint with the police regarding the stone throwing of the shrieh, which killed the family member.
Samla Ehsing Khiewtam, from Umniuh-Tmar, Ri-War, Pynursla, has received the merit list in the subject Hindi (which we also call Dkhar) in this B.A.Final result. 2016 of NEHU. He passed his B.A.Final from BBS College, Shillong and obtained MIL-80 and SL-94 in Hindi.
Nongpoh: At the recent public meeting held at Maikhuli village, which is also a meeting of all the ethnic groups living in the border area, they held a meeting to demand that the Meghalaya government should They condemned the leaders of Meghalaya for their lack of attention to the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Earlier, the District Magistrate of EKHD had allowed only public buses or commercial buses and LMVs to pass through the Umiam Bridge.
D. from the Department of History, NEHU on the topic of “Architecture in the Khasi Hills in the 19th and 20th Century: A Historical Study” under the guidance of Prof.Amena N Passah.
Erwin K Sutnga, Co-Convenor of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPP), said, “Conrad and James should resign themselves because they cannot stop the coal trade. illegal.
Rymbai Wahshnong scored the first goal of the match through Arnold Pusein in the 29th minute.
Shillong, Lber 21: U Bah Vincent Pala today after filing his nomination papers said that his main goal is to solve the problem of unemployment among the youth in this country. state.
God does not require anything from man, but only faith, only to believe that Jesus is the Son of God, whose name is above every name, and in the name of Jesus every knee shall bow. and every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord" Philippians 2:9-1
This shows that the DTOs have been issuing licenses to the point that the drivers don't even know what not to do and what to do while in the vehicle.
The election will be held on the 6th of June from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that 163 Meghalayans have arrived at Guwahati Railway Station this afternoon. and Gujarat.
Conrad said the Lokayukta under the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014 without amendments in 2021 will not be able to function as it needs to have a chairman and four members. long and judicial.
Jowai: The 6-Shnong Wah Lukha Association has withdrawn its opposition to the proposal of Star Cement to hold a public hearing on the 30th of this month.
Evermore Rymbai, who is studying BSc 5th Semester, was elected as Vice President by Meiaidonlang Tang, General Secretary and Delis Shylla.
'Kyndit, ieng joit ne jot syndon thiaw' Similarly, Soso Tham said that the country will once again rise again if we follow and respect the customs and religion as followed and taught. in accordance with your longshwa.
The Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Women's Commission (MWC) has lodged a complaint with the police on October 20 that Sronding Lyngkhoi, husband of Joshna Nongsiej, has assaulted her and allegedly burnt down her house.
The Seng also held a march by vehicles which started from Sohpian village and reached Ladweitang where the rally was held.
You see, in Ireland they eat phan like we eat in Khasi-Jaintia.
He said there are polling stations on the border and the Election Department will hold a meeting with the BSF. “In the last election, it went smoothly and we expect the same this time,” he said. .
So he understood that his sister would be the guide if she treaded because they were so close.
Shillong: Shillong received 0.6mm of rainfall while Sohra received 79.2mm of rainfall.
Many of the elderly members of the kur in the village are no longer alive and only the elderly members and his mother still remember Bah Mit.
When asked whether the matter would be taken up for discussion with the Border Security Force (BSF), Sangma said he would have to get a full report on the incident from the Superintendent of Police (SP). ) this region will be subsequently addressed on this point.
The residents have blocked the way for the MeECL officials, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board and the district authorities to hold the rally.
The march started from Pahambir village at a distance of about 5 km. The march was attended by Bah Bansynsharlang Nongkynrih Tourist Officer, RBTEDF leaders, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh Chairman, journalists. , village leaders and people from all over the country.
“It is by the power of God that we have been able to take away the old clothes and put on beautiful clothes,” said Rev Nongkseh.
He also urged the students that when they choose their various fields of study they should remember that they should set a goal to choose the job of public leader which is a sacred job. Politics is not bad but it is the best job if you really work for the people but he said that many leaders do not do their job as they should.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The BJP Meghalaya today celebrated the victory of the NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma in the mid-term MP elections from Tura Lok Sabha.
Speaking to media after the meeting of MLAs and party leaders, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the meeting unanimously decided to demand that the government implement the roster. .
“These seven disputed areas between Meghalaya and Assam have been resolved and what remains now is for the SoI to inspect and draw the border again,” he said. and after that it will give us a copy of that new boundary so that we can start the second phase which remains seven places”.
He said he contested this election without money but only with the strength of his brain and hard work.
There was a time when the landowners sent pumps to sell supply wood, but now they have stopped.
Many programs were held on this day and people visited the memorials of Mahatma Gandhi such as Raj Ghat in Delhi, Mani Bhavan in Delhi. Mumbai and Sabarmati Ashram are located in Gujarat.
Two people have lost their lives in the landslide on the Shillong-Dawki road in the past few months.
The closing date for submission of nominations will be on 2-4-2020 before 4 pm.
Due to the suspicion of riots, the Court should also have requested the District authorities to provide security forces during the Dorbar Shnong.
“Although the company's donation is small, I hope you will accept our donation and I hope we will continue to work together,” said the Area Manager of Apollo Waheh Shnong, Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong. Speaking on the occasion, Russel Nongrum said that the Dorbar Shnong spends a lot on sports and finds it difficult to raise funds to support the sports activities of the children and youth of the village.
Speaking at a public meeting at Umdohlun Market, Robertjune Kharjahrin, MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, urged the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to elect their leaders by doing. The election of leaders to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly or Lok Sabha is necessary for them to be the representatives of the needs of the people.
This is the second time FSS has organized such an event.
He said that after the TET examination was planned to be held again in Dadenggre Sub-division and the advertisement was issued, the MDC elections came and the Model Code of Conduct was implemented.
The cost of the training course was funded by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong: Out of the 80 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, 45 cases have been confirmed, one from the Armed Forces and 31 from high risk contacts. , 1 from outside, 1 from IGP cluster, 2 from Laban cluster, 2 from Oakland Road cluster, 2 from Rilbong cluster, 3 from Nongmynsong cluster, 1 from Golflink cluster and 1 from Raj Bhawan listening.
The main objective of the NPP is to strengthen the party through the recruitment of members in all the zones and units within the Umsning Constituency.
Dr Mawthoh is a candidate of the UDP party, which is part of the NPP-led MDA government. The NPP has not nominated a candidate in support of the UDP party. of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Jowai, Nailur 12: The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
Before working, reading or writing, and afterwards, mankind should fear the LORD first.
And it has been able to achieve this goal through ‘social cooperation.
He also spoke about Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Ram Manohar Lohia, Chandra Shekhar, Lal Krishna Advani and others who promoted the debates in the Legislative Assembly and ensured the voice of the people.
These include 2 Health Workers, 13 ILI Cases, 14 Kyrdem Cluster, 3 Mawkhyrdep Cluster, 3 Pahamsohthri Cluster 2 and Pahamsyiem Cluster
nelsa-dot@gov.
If we compare the power of shun in its use in the Khasi customs and traditions, in the power of nature that it has, even according to modern science; it is the most beautiful thing.
“I am sorry that the Mawkyrwat Block Congress has been dissolved without any consultation with me as an MLA,” said Bah Rowel.
The former MLA was attending a meeting at Rahu village in Tirap district this evening when a group of youths abducted him near the India-Myanmar border and shot dead him. he.
I also believe that only the religion I have will lead me to heaven.
Of course we cannot solve all the problems at once but in the future I am confident that the state will succeed in the implementation of the NEP,” he said.
I make it clear that this decision to contest the election is one that I have had a sense of responsibility since 2019,” he said.
Saudi Arabia, the world's largest oil producer, has been worried about the weakness of the country's leader for several years. body and age also increased.
To have its own full-fledged radio and television station exclusively for the Khasi language.
About 167 Rangbiria from all over the country and about 91 groups, have gathered at the Second Ground Polo Ground, to take part in the Rong Biria Seng Kut Snem, organized by the Rongbiria Committee of the Seng. Khasi Mother, Shillong.
Nangkiew Irat FC will play against Shillong Lajong FC at 3:15 pm today.
Shillong, Lber 20 : John F Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), has been elected by the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) as a member of the Organizing Committee of the World Championships. The International Shooting Sports Federation (ISSF) will be held in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, from 21st to 27th October
“Because the government is clean, it is up to the parties to prepare whatever they will set as the government in the next five years by introducing the Common Minimum Program,” he added.
We waited but they didn't return," he added.
This means that until the Gentiles (all the people of the world) are saved and hear the Gospel of Jesus Christ, their salvation will be withheld by the Holy Spirit.
Rangdajied United FC will play against Kickstart FC tomorrow (15th November) at the same venue.
Bihar scored 243 runs while Meghalaya scored 295 runs.
This current situation encourages the emergence of private candidates who feel that when they enter politics they will do everything in heaven and earth and this happens even to political candidates who have no They said that when they had won, they would work for a minute without rest.
She learned to drive from side to side.
The Government's intention to introduce a law to say that one person should hold a post is good but it should also be known that this post can only be discussed in Parliament and that is also necessary. to amend the provisions of the 6th Schedule.
A total of 264 people have recovered from the disease and 5 people have died.
They said that there are still other works which have not received work orders yet.
Referring to the cases of rape and sexual assault against women, Jyrwa said that in 2011 there were 74 cases, in 2012 there were 43 cases, in 2013 there were 98 cases and until November 2014 there were 64 cases. .
In the past few days, Prestone said that the Government will not be able to implement all the demands of the HPC.
The FKJGP West Khasi Hills District at the same time encourages the Syiems, Sirdars and Village Authorities in the border areas with Assam especially those who have disputes to have courage and bravery. and to unite to stand against the foreign forces who come to attack the Hima, Sirdar or villages and also to protect the border of Sam, the party will be with you Government/KHADC/Bor Syiem/bor Raid and villages, said a statement from FKJGP Spokesperson Cary Oscar Kharmutee.
When inquired from the public, market dwellers and residents who have received the pig scheme from the Prime Minister, some of them said that if you give something, you will accept whatever you give, because the government has I don't have the right to do it.
But now the wickedness of some men hath destroyed it.
However, on the more important issue of taking over all the teaching posts, the government has made it clear that it cannot do this at present because it affects the budget of the state government. to Rs 400 crore per annum.
The Chief Minister's remarks came in response to the opposition and threat of the KHADC and the Chief Executive Members to appeal to the Court against the Memorandum of Understanding signed between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. Assam, has claimed that some of the land of the five Himas has been transferred to Assam.
He said it was wrong to say that the ILP is the responsibility of the central government but it is the responsibility of the state government.
The construction of the bridge is also part of the cleanliness drive in the village and the visitors also took part in the cleanliness drive.
The group has requested the leaders or authorities of Meghalaya to take action on this issue.
He added, “We will restore the peace of the people of Israel and we will win this war.
The award will be given to those who have passed the examination of 2020 in class 10 &
Former footballer Jeje Lalpekhlua won from South Tuipui by defeating MNF leader Dr R Lalthangliana.
Diego Fernandes, 46, and Deni Salgado, 30, were married amid the heavy traffic jam in the country, where the streets were empty, with no one walking except street dogs.
One of these vehicles was donated to Kyllon Mathei (five kilos) and the other to Sohbar village in Shallang. The ribbon of the vehicle which was donated to the village of Kyllon Mathei was cut.
There are five posts to be contested by vote, while others remain the same due to the absence of candidates. The newly elected office bearers include Armstrong Sohshang President, Kitbor Riangtem Vice President, Ulysis. Ryntong General Secretary and others.
Even from the KAM team, the contestants are very good according to the Juk.
Thangsning scored only 25 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 8.5 overs.
The matter has reached the Meghalaya High Court after Philip Khrawbok Shati filed a complaint against the traffic jam in the city especially in the Kachari area.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU has said that the post of Rohit Prasad, who was appointed as Vice Chancellor, has ended after he did not attend. three more now for 15 days.
On this day, it was found that many of the drivers did not wear seat belts, and the drivers of two-wheelers did not wear helmets, which are also very important to prevent injuries in case of accidents. accidents, because of the negligence and violation of the law by the drivers, often cause many tragic accidents, whether in passenger vehicles or even their own vehicles. private spirit as well.
Besides the ILP, we also have the MRSSA (Amendment) Bill which is pending with the Ministry of Home Affairs and therefore we are following up with the Central Government to get these strong laws to curb the illegal entry of mynder into This is the state,” said the Prime Minister.
“This decision was taken after the two states reached an agreement and listened to the suggestions of the residents of both the states to resolve this issue. stay there for a long time," he added.
Drugs including MDMA, ecstasy, cocaine, MD (mephedrone) and charas were also seized during the search.
Essentials and farmers may leave after obtaining permission from the Waheh Dong/Secretary Dong or the Waheh Shnong.
However, recently, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that since the MDC-2019 elections, the UDP and HSPDP have decided to go their own way.
In addition, it was learned that the party leaders had decided to remove the name of Singh and after that, this decision was informed to the tyngshop.
At least 80 people have been killed and hundreds injured in clashes over the distribution of food and aid to war-torn Yemen. .
On the other hand, the Khasi States have faced many challenges from many laws passed by Parliament from time to time, such as the Indian Registration Act 1908, the Land Acquisition Act, the Nationalization Act 1973 and and others.
Therefore, before these incidents happen in the state, the people's leaders need to discuss and discuss ways and means how to introduce laws to control and bring peace and order in the state, he said. and Paul.
The Meghalaya High Court has recently issued an order banning the public display of meat, but the get the meat inside tightly covered containers.
Blood lasts and inherits.
He said that the registration for the scheme in the state is only for those who have registered by the party leaders and not by the authorities or the BDOs because the online registration has not been done. .
The 4th Street King Autocross Challenge 2023 was organized by the Dimapur Street Kings Club.
“Besides, he said that when it comes to the youth of the North East, it doesn't matter whether they belong to any ethnic group, but as it turns out, the knowledge about the culture has started to disappear. this is a topic that has to be taken seriously.
The residents together with the village leaders, in their speeches, strongly condemned the robbery and rape of Bah Wording Nongrum who claimed to be the Sordar of Shnat Raid Tynring. that these 6 villages are under the jurisdiction of this Raid, in which the people have faced problems, violence, violation of human rights and especially the right to development opportunities in these 6 villages.
There was no attention or correction to solve or completely solve their problems.
Foreign workers no longer need to return home to cast their votes during elections.
Small false Christs are everywhere and they have the mark on them that they want to be honored, to be praised, to be praised, to be worshipped, to be honored by others. worship them.
On October 22, the court postponed the bail application of former Cabinet Minister Jain and two of his aides, Vaibhav Jain and Ankush Jain, who were accused of involvement. in the event.
Man must and needs to work in order to support himself.
He said to curb this, the central government has introduced the Right to Education Act which clearly states that children under 14 years of age should be enrolled in school.
The Joint Action Committee comprising JHTOA, MTU and All Jaintia Cement Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) has called an emergency meeting on July 20 at 9 pm. The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Nidamon Chulet, said that the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has sent a letter to the JAC to request to end the strike to stop the transportation of dewbilat and clinker from the dewbilat factories. They carry the goods that produce the dewbilat as usual.
Guwahati: 30 years ago, when he was 22 years old, Himanta Biswa Sarma told his girlfriend (at the time) who was also his wife, Riniki Bhuyan, that he would He will become the Chief Minister of Assam one day.
Therefore, once again, NESO demands that this decision should be withdrawn and that the NESO should look forward to how to enrich and develop the indigenous languages ​​of the indigenous peoples in these five states according to the Khyrnit. The Constitution of the country also provides for schemes and projects to develop and enrich them.
“In the past, the shop that used to sell one cow, now it cannot sell even 10 kg, which has caused the meat vendors to stop. The sale of cow meat because there is too much meat left to sell is not available.
In addition, the CEM said that the meeting has decided that from today onwards, there will be no kilo cut in Ïewduh for any agricultural products and also that the buyers They should also follow the order issued by the Hima Mylliem, which states that buyers or sellers should sell only khoh, kriah or byrni after the release of agricultural products, so that that it may be one on both sides.
Immediately the owner of the shop took the money from the chest and after counting it (at that time there were no 500 or 10,000 coins), he gave it to the leader of the party.
You cannot take the “Jaid” from your father.
The Delhi government has directed all residents to close their doors and windows and to cover their plants with plastic.
The 6th of November was celebrated as Zoonosis Day to commemorate the contribution of Louis Pasture, the scientist who discovered the first vaccine against rabies. on the 6th of November
Meghalaya beat Manipur by 103/6 in 20 overs.
That is why the Word of God says – “Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth” (Luke 12:15).
Speaking on the occasion, the Head Coach of Lajong, Bah Bobby L Nongbet, expressed his confidence in the match and hopes to get a better result this time. They lost in the 1st leg of the match at the SSA Stadium-Polo, Shillong.
And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid.
“It has been the custom of the PWD Central Division, Jowai of the state government to give reasons why it has not been able to repair this road in the past because it is the rainy season.
This is not the first time that the floods have happened, but it has happened in the past years and earlier. the riang of the house, the earnings of the jih.
“The BJP's promise to resolve the issue within six months is just a joke,” he said.
Shillong, July 14 : The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) of the Union Government will celebrate its 150th anniversary in the field of meteorological monitoring.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, has slammed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Shella MLA Dr. Donkupar Roy. It is said that instead of protecting the indigenous people, they are like snow.
Shillong: A video of Martin M Danggo, who is contesting from the National People's Party (NPP), has allegedly broken into a house in Phudkroh village. other supporters from other parties to strongly oppose this.
They include Daowan Suchiang and Nangsanlang Basaïawmoit who led the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in the tournament which started from the 14th to the 17th of this month.
Shillong, Nailur 17: After receiving a complaint from Airis Kharbuli and Fadris Kharbuli on the 16th of this month that a woman named Reshma Mawthoh has offered jobs to young men and women in the which has promised that they will get jobs in central government offices if they pay T.30,000 per job.
The absence of the Khasi man in the family and friends, in the village where he was born and in the village where he married, (because the marriage is no different from the marriage, and he cannot speak in the dorbar until he is old enough). the forty years since he came to live in that village) has affected the work he has done.
Adelbert said that they have accepted the resignation of Strong Kharjana without appreciating his hard work to promote KHNAM. ) as the Working President means that he is still a CEC member and demands that Bah Pyndap should resign.
The KSU is not a party of one or two people and the decision to do anything is not taken by the President or Secretary but by the Central Executive Council.
India in recent years has shown significant growth in income, employment and exports and this ability to export goods has led to the growth of world to focus on India's rapid development in various fields.
He said that up to 35,000 students in the State will receive M-Tabs.
The celebration is also part of the commemoration of Neeraj Chopra's gold medal at the Tokyo Olympics
Surprisingly, one Khasi student has scored the highest mark in Nepali subject.
Since then, he has progressed to manage various teams from around the world and has also taken over as technical assistant to the Finnish team.
Its foundation is to accumulate personal wealth, to seek profit and selfishness.
Kanakadurga, 39, and Bindu Ammini, 40, had entered the temple on November 24, 2018, but had left after a heavy traffic jam and they did not leave at all. They entered the temple on 2nd July 2019 and asked for police protection.
I have just met this young man twice in less than a month and the last meeting was two months ago to discuss the welfare of the brothers and sisters. journalist himself.
Police led by Dy SP Headquarters Bah MJ Marngar and Dy SP Law and Order Jason Mairom have conducted an investigation to identify the people involved in the attack.
He said the government has eliminated the use of chemical fertilizers by calling for the use of natural fertilizers, but until now no natural fertilizers have been found to go from the market and this has forced the farmers to buy blak from the market. to the sboh medicine.
This is the third day that the number of cases has increased rapidly across the country.
One of the women said that since 2020 when the government imposed the curfew due to the outbreak of corona virus, the income of the farmers has decreased sharply, the daily bill is no longer accurate and that is why. The reason is probably that the income of the inheritance has declined so suddenly.
“We will give 10 days to the Government of Meghalaya through the Regional Committee to take immediate action against this issue but otherwise the party will take strong action against it,” he said. said the General Secretary of HAHM, Bah Kyllang Thongni in an interview with the media on Saturday after the opening of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party.
“He was first a Government Officer and later he was elected as an MLA in 2013 from Mookaïaw Constituency.
There are those who misunderstand the word MAPEI. There is a fact that our sins have been forgiven for MAPEI. There are those who hide in the word MAPEI and commit the same sin that they know to get MAPEI. When He has FORGIVEN our sins it means that we no longer commit those sins and we must repent and to ask forgiveness and to FORGIVE is impossible and unforgivable.
He said these are the schemes of the BJP leaders to protect themselves and cleanse themselves in front of the people.
The High Power Committee of the old House has selected many seats but the rain has been changed from time to time.
In Garo Hills , there has been a protest by the political parties against the allocation of tickets to non - ethnic minorities The NPP leaders said that they cannot refuse because the law does not prohibit non - tribals and that no non - tribals have applied for tickets from the party in the constituency which they gave a ticket to a non-citizen.
Regarding this incident, the Commission said it has urged the governments of Meghalaya and Assam to cooperate and ensure that those people involved in this crime are tracked down and punished according to the law.
Speaking at the meeting, Chairman of the RDA and President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the cooperation between the two national parties is because the people want these two political parties to be the owners of the party. He said that now it is the turn of the people to give their full support to Bah Robert who as a group is ready to win.
“It is the duty of the Government to ensure that children and youth are encouraged and empowered so that they can reach their destination,” said Swami Anuragananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama. Sohra in his speech, he said that people learn a lot from history and get encouragement from it.
The order said that this was issued after it was found that a part of Mawshamok road has been damaged due to the movement of trucks and overloaded vehicles.
Phyrnai Kyndait has gone from a prominent cyclist in the village to a cyclist in the world.
At the time of writing, police have not yet found any of the children.
Conrad expressed his happiness to be able to play at the same ground where his father came 34 years ago.
Dr. Kara said that the announcement of the name of Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon is to prepare for the 2024 MP election.
Earlier, while speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah J.Tynsong said that the expenditure for the clean-up of Wahumkhrah can be re-allocated and more money should be allocated if the T.50 lakh is not enough. At present, the cleaning of the river is ongoing at a cost of T.50 lakh and the KHADC has not yet allocated any new funds.
The Taliban are continuing to torture young women wearing jeans.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang and Chairman of the HHMDC Ltd, today took part in the program organized by the HHMDC Ltd. Speaking at the program in Jirang Block, the MLA said that the number of Jain weavers who weave various clothes and also the number of people who can produce Jain It is one of the ways to attract tourism in the state.
In Umsning, the contest will be between UDP Donkuar Sumer and Dipul Ryntathiang, in Nongpoh, Rona Khymdeit of the UDP and Augustine Wahlang and in Jirang, Victor Ranie and Congress. Albertus Lapang, independent candidate, while in Umroi, the UDP will contest against Albinus Lyngdoh of the Congress.
The KSU said it does not want to explain the role of the police, but said that it will not allow foreigners to smuggle into the area to protect the jaidbynriew.
Speaking on the number of teachers in the school, Bah Lahkmen said it is very difficult for the government to include them in one position and the department will try. for the sake of the teachers.
Furthermore, the donation also includes 10% which goes to the chief executive officers of the sports teams.
Now, if the rivers are dry, how can we get water to supply the rice fields and the fields of jhur and soh? The Government of Meghalaya has implemented the Jal Jiwan Mission (JJM) scheme which aims to provide water to every household.
The incident happened in the ground floor of their house in Jaiaw Langsning. Rishan was injured and was taken to Woodland Hospital. and he fled away.
After the state got its own full state, it continued to be repaired twice in 1984-86, and in 1992, it took another step to build it. renew it once again.
Do we wonder how many millions of years it takes for trees and plants to turn into coal or that nature will produce uranium and other minerals that we have today ? Because the past does not exist in us and we live only for the present and the future, no one is willing to seek the truth.
“My father cannot speak anymore even after treatment and he has difficulty eating and drinking,” said his son at a public meeting at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The SIT will be headed by the Deputy Inspector General (DIG) and will have 10 members from the CBI. Union Home Ministry – Amit Shah on his visit to Manipur has announced that the investigation into crimes in Manipur will be taken over by the CBI. five cases of criminal conspiracy and one case of general conspiracy.
However, the farmers of Mooshrot have extended their farmland to the Saba Village Forest which the village authorities have strongly opposed.
This synergy of effort reflects our commitment to developing technology, innovative implementations and others that can demonstrate excellence in the development of chronic pain care, Ram Kumar said.
It is understood that the reason why the MLA sent the petition was after he learned that there are many people on the border, who have registered their land in Assam, because they do not need money and also quick work.
When asked about the support of the two candidates of the HSPDP and the NPP, Bah Metbah said, “I just know that the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, has told me and they will do whatever they want. need".
In 2020, these notes, or known as four blue notes, turned over T.5,47,952 crore, but in 2021, it dropped to T.4,90,195 crore.
Shylla was first elected as MDC from Nongkrem Constituency in 1984 and in this capacity he was elected as EM. In 2004 he returned as MDC from Laitkroh Constituency. From 2005 to 2008 he served as the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Former KSU leaders, current president Lambokstarwell Malniang, FKJGP, HNYF, Jaintia Women Wings and Wahthabru village leaders, units from all over the country attended the ceremony. Khasi Jaintia.
The order was issued after the repairs of the Damsite Bridge have started which has caused damage to vehicles and the people passing through the bridge.
The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned that the temperature in the sky in these days is a sign of a serious threat to the entire world.
The union also demanded that the MUDA authorities should drop the FIR lodged against the President of the union, Bah Banbuhai Makdoh and stop the harassment of others. members of the union by the police, he added.
One of those colors is called PINK in English. In Khasi we call it SAWLIA, a color that is seen especially at sunrise and also at sunset.
Ritreki Pohshna scored 11 runs for the AJCA.
The Government of India is very busy these days, but it is the responsibility of the Government to think about the lives and deaths of billions of Indians and it is time to strengthen the work. The work of the Food and Civil Supplies Department of India, the states and then the work of the banks and that is to ensure that the people have enough money and that they can enter and leave from one village to another. to work in the fields, to earn a living and to provide for the needs of the family.
The event was attended by the office bearers of Marshilong Sports & Cultural Club, the elderly, parents, youth and children.
At the same time, the president of KJBWA appealed to the people to be vigilant on this issue, and that the KJBWA will fight to bring about a solution by calling for the action of the government.
Peter got ready to go to work and immediately came out with an old scooty.
“By allocating nine colleges across the state, it will ensure that the youth in the rural areas will get adequate education, providing equal opportunities for all.
Langsning FC has moved up to the second position in the table with 11 points.
In another accident, two persons were injured after their vehicle collided with an oil tanker.
New York is experiencing a severe outbreak of the disease and ventilators for patients will last only 40 days, Mayor de Blasio said.
The meeting was conducted by Bah S.Kharsahnoh who is also the President of the Kur. Leading leaders of the Kur from various Units under Ri Khasi and Jaintia.
They also allegedly broke into the house of Lalramzoma Nampui and stole the mobile phones of the owners of the house and assaulted a 50-year-old woman and her children aged and 16 years.
Romelu Lukaku's goal in the second half helped Belgium to 10 points in their qualifying for Euro
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, Son of the Kur Khymdeit, said that the Kur Khymdeit has taken the initiative to plant trees inside the sacred forest of the Kur. Not to preserve the sacred forest of the kur for the benefit of the brothers and sisters in the future.
“When compared to Bah Swell and our current leaders, they don't have the power even in his legs, not even in his legs or even in his legs, Bah Swell is left alone. troh of the works that he will accomplish in his life for the sake of the country and the nation, he has done many things but these things of his heart remain only one troh, but our leaders now do only one troh “While the rest is 10,” said Prof. Majaw, speaking about Bah Swell as a leader of the people and compared to other leaders who have been leaders for many years.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Youth Association (MYAP) today sent a petition to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on the need for adequate rooms. people who go for treatment in Mumbai, where they will be accommodated in a state government building in the city.
They don't demand anything from us but give us only joy and wisdom.
On the other hand, Bah Franklin Syiemiong said that the union has met with the DMHO to ask and the answer is clear that it has been taken away.
The coal needs a tarpaulin.
He said that what is needed now is to impose high taxes on imported goods and this will reduce the influx of foreign goods and the farmers here will be able to set their own price. not to chase after the price of foreigners.
Four Home Guard personnel were killed in the incident.
Shillong: The PWD Department has no intention of removing the Muster Roll workers across the state who are not under the jurisdiction of the PWD Department but they can be relocated to job vacancies due to the PMGSY. The Chief Engineer of PWD Road, Bah LD Suchiang, said that the contractors should look after the roads for only five years.
It is an honor to be a pillar in the campaign to protect the community.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the CEM, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah said that since 2016, the KHNAM has put forward this demand, in order to clarify the “According to the current law, for the election of leaders to District Councils, a full citizen of India, and who has over 18 years of age, mentally retarded and free of physical illness.
Pynshaitbor Girodh scored 40 runs from 32 balls and Shembhalang Pyngrope took three wickets for 17 runs in 3 overs for Pomshutia CC. They could not finish the match and finished in 16.3 overs for 120 runs for the loss of seven wickets.
Various political parties from Mawshynrut and West Khasi Hills District, including KSU, HYC, FKJGP, HANM, HNYF, WKSU, AHAM, school children and The march started from Kyllonmathei to Shahlang which is about 5 KM away.
One of the leaders of Gogi's gang, Kuldeep also known as Fazza, was killed in a clash with police. of the Special Cell, and this was from Gupta's statement where he was.
The construction of the Integrated Textiles Tourism Complex in Nongpoh has been completed.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1168, 828 cases in East Khasi Hills, 78 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 43 cases in West Jaintia Hills District and 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills District. cases in East Jaintia Hills District, 12 cases in East Garo Hills District, 172 cases in West Garo Hills District, 12 cases in South Garo Hills District, 13 cases in North Garo Hills District and one case in South West Garo Hill District.
We have cut down trees, we have burned forests, is it really necessary, or is it that our hands work only to destroy? The terrible thing is that in the name of agriculture and income generation we are destroying forests and trees and destroying other living things.
Police have arrested Bah Anthony from Springside.
“We will ask the voice of the people what to do next on this,” said Bah Nongrum.
He said there is a rule that if the Scheduled Castes convert, they will lose their shares in government jobs and others.
BENEFITS OF FISH:— According to the Academy of Nutrition and Diabetic, fish contains Omega fatty acids which are known to provide many health benefits including improving blood pressure.
She said that tomorrow they will meet to discuss ways and means to intensify their protests.
Rangad beat Dkhiah East 6-0, Dkhiah West beat R Madanpynriang 1-0 and Iongkaluh beat Moosiang Lamare 1-0
Furthermore, about 75 percent of those Agniveers will retire while only 25 percent of the best will be permanently recruited.
When traveling during strong winds, thunder and lightning, try to avoid unprotected vehicles.
However, these women, although alone, work hard and brighten the future of their children which also improves the society as a whole.
In this regard, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) was urged to immediately repair the affected parts of the road so that vehicles can travel as usual.
Welcoming this budget to the people of the State, the Chief Minister said, “I want to make this budget the budget of the people”.
After the death of his father, His mother got a gun;
On the other hand, police have conducted security for the march to ensure that it is orderly.
In a statement, the CSWO said that the government should appoint an inquiry headed by a qualified magistrate to find out the truth.
The United Nations has said it will immediately take the matter to the United Nations for investigation, although Syria has denied that it has shot deadly weapons.
Laws are made and changed over time".
"A worse and more dangerous danger for us awaits later.
However, it must be understood and thought about how it comes about and how to use it because if it is used without the right path, it will become a sin in the eyes of others or in the eyes of God.
“These drug traffickers used to meet some people in Nuh, who used them to sell drugs to states like Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Haryana,” Singla said. He added that the seized drugs were intended to be distributed to more than 20 drug dealers in different areas.
If we get the support of that scheme, we believe that our daughters will become many in the Indian Administrative Service or the Indian Foreign Service and others.
After being warned again at about 8 pm, he went outside after being called by his family, and once outside he was shot and injured by the group. said the news from U Ma Phyllut.
“Although I am only a small leader, I would like to ask you to work with me for the development of this school”, said Bah Charles Marngar.
At the same time, he said that regarding the government's announcement to provincia lisation of non-religious schools, the teachers have expressed that if it does in this way it is like biased.
He also promised to promote football, volleyball and other sports among the talented youth in the constituency, to introduce strong anti-corruption laws which are the barriers to backwardness and to introduce strong anti-corruption laws. to fight against poverty by strengthening agriculture, to create employment opportunities and especially to the educated youth and so on. also to promote education.
Expressing his love for the Congress party since childhood, Bah Himalaya said, “Since childhood I have loved the Congress party because it has skilled leaders and is physically and mentally strong. your soul".
These people from the parents, mothers, youth and children of San Shnong Ïooksi Pyllun as a sign of their support to Mr. Nehimaya Tyngka after the meeting donated money as much as they can. to the leader as a support for him to continue preparing for the 2023 MLA election.
It is worth mentioning that here in Ri-Khasi, there has been a surprise in the religious practices of the census takers. The elders who performed the knia ka khriam were able to shout at the sky that this happened at a time when the sky was blue during the festival in the village.
"“As we have honored the youth who have won medals in international games and this time also those who have won medals in the North Eat Olympic Games 2022, we will also hold a program to honor them. “We are working together with others so that it will be more encouraging, we will develop more and more because without the encouragement from the government and the congratulations will be a loss of encouragement,” said Bah Banteidor. the government will arrange a date for the awarding ceremony.
Ma Sungoh concluded by saying, “Change your minds, spread this truth and bring about true justice.
Shano Tariang (55') and Sangti Janai Shianglong (69') scored in the second half to keep Lajong in the lead. They have four points ahead of Seven United, who are in second place.
However, as the party has already announced the MP candidate by Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, this visit has turned into a campaign for the MP election. The campaign for the MP election has become increasingly intense and has led to other parties to attack the VPP and many have forgotten the issues they should have raised.
In another development, the Dorbar Shnong Siejlieh under the leadership of Bah SKThongni as Sordar, has unanimously decided to hold a public meeting in the Dorbar Shnong Siejlieh. 3rd by marching and closing the village on that day as a sign of protest against the violence against the young girls of the village.
O my country, my country, I bless you; That you may grow, that you may be good, That you may be blessed in all respects.
We need to build an unbiased economy for all, and farmers should be given special treatment," they said.
When you really have the spirit to develop the country and the nation, who will stop and criticize you if you stand in the truth but as it is now, no one loves the nation.
“Why do everyone want to join the UDP because they know that this is a special party for us the people of the state,” he said.
HELP TO TREATMENT ANEMIA:— Coriander or dhania not only contains antioxidants, vitamins and minerals but is also rich in iron, which can help those people who have respiratory problems and tired quickly.
The All India Congress Committee (AICC) has encouraged women to participate in politics and the party has also received many women leaders and ministers in the state. , who hold and manage positions within the party, women MPs in the Rajya Sabha, members of the National Women's Commission from the state.
Sanbor said that on the day they will be summoned again, they should provide a proper answer because they have not prepared anything and have not been able to answer.
The two Mawlai leaders also met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh on this issue.
It is unfortunate that the parody about Tirot Sing Syiem shows that the Khasi are smaller and weaker than the cows.
The final will start at 3:30 pm and tickets for the spectators can be purchased from the venue.
Jowai, November 20: At least 3,000 people from Nartiang area especially from Par umkhen and Khanduli border West Jaintia and Karbi Anglong Assam attended the public meeting of the PDF at Ummulong. The PDF was prepared by the Nartiang Zonal Committee.
About half of the court employees have tested positive for the virus.
“How come Papa didn't tell you where I was going?
However, it is understood that the proposal may be implemented next year but for now they are still putting the same.
The union plans to send up to 5000 articles on various issues such as the recognition of the state languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra, the establishment of Medical Colleges, the improvement of health facilities, the birth of jobs for young people and so on.
They were also honored at the opening ceremony of the 17-North Shillong BJP office at Bamena House in Riatsamthiah.
This prayer is related to a historical event, so it needs to be read and interpreted within the context of this historical event.
He said that once the child's life is lost, it will not come to peace.
In a statement, the UDP leader said that in the next few days, the party will welcome many leaders from different constituencies in Ri Bhoi, who will join the party. Besides, the Party has also decided to help the students in terms of employment and to solve the problems of the farmers. this is the time of the COVID-19 pandemic.
He recalled that the CMPDI was also rejected in Lum Garo in the 1990s and the government should not allow Coal India Limited to mine coal in the state.
When India launched the vaccination campaign, many people doubted the power of the country's 130 crore people.
So she thought to herself: “Why should I speak for them, while these people don't care about them?” So she was angry with herself and with those people who didn't care about them. For-the.
Maharashtra has the highest number of cases with 20 cases, the Indian government said today.
The incident happened at about 10.30 pm near the Syndicate Bus Stand and near Punjabi Lane, said SP East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi. without anyone left.
She said that the company should be ordered to clean up all the subways which have just been constructed, which have been built to replace the old bridge with the intention of rebuilding it.
Hoi – You are the one who is right, (2) Don't be afraid of the Lehmon Shi bor, even if you are, You will be clean.
“The Special Committee has assigned me as the general secretary to send a statement to KHNAM that the party wants to participate in this forum,” said Dr Mawthoh.
Other states have started classes up to 10 months before Meghalaya announces the names of the students who have been admitted. teachings.
The meeting was also attended by Tura MP Agatha K Sangma, Minister of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal, Minister of PHE Marcuise N Marak, Minister of Sports Bah Shakliar Warjri and officials of the Meghalaya Power Transmission Corporation Limited. Speaking at the meeting, the CM said, “Today is a memorable day for the area with the inauguration of this important project.
Data were collected from 1,018 samples during the Sun Awareness Week.
The 2023 Cricket World Cup kicked off on Friday at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad with champions England facing New Zealand in the final of the year. 2019.
Jeremiah 9:23.
“As a young man who has done many jobs, I understand and I have the skills to teach the youth to stand on their own feet and not to rely on government jobs.
Ms. D.Challam explained the working of MCSWA and the cure for drug addiction.
He said this is just a rumor and not true.
Jadhav has played 73 ODIs for the national team and scored 1,389 runs and took 27 wickets. He has also played nine T20Is. He has scored 58 runs in his career.
The meeting was attended by the NPP State General Secretary, MDC Sutnga, Santa Mary Shylla, MLA Jowai and Chairman of MUDA. Narwan Ma Seiborlang Shadap, MDC Musniang Rangad Ma Phasmon Dkhar and NPP District President Ma Octamewat Lamin.
The meeting was held to discuss the issue of allowing vehicles to pay toll gate fees, after the implementation of FASTag, all vehicles will have to pay from T.30 to T.60 as a penalty for vehicles without FASTag.
People with type 2 diabetes are witnesses to insulin resistance in the body.
Recalling the fires that have happened in the past few years, the union said, “It is to be recalled that recently a church in Qualapaty has burnt down and killed two people. they just lost it.
These documents cannot be attested by the students and not by the officers as before or by making an affidavit.
He also informed that if they have any questions, they can call
Because the scheduled times for the show are 11AM, 1PM, 3PM, 5PM and 7PM.
Prestone was speaking at an election campaign rally held at Umlyngka village on Tuesday to seek support for the NPP MP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 26: The residents of Mawru-syiar village in Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District, have been living in darkness for about 10 months due to the loss of a village. of the transformer in the village.
He said that during the cooking process, if you release the heat immediately, it will suddenly dry up and people call it plastic rice.
Block II will be led by Tom Rumnong, CR Tariang and Hamlet War.
At the same time, the Minister said, “Cleanliness has started to disappear from our villages” and said that the government has a heavy responsibility to clean up the villages. He said that Shillong has now fallen into the rank of 100 smart cities in India.
When asked how many Bills other CEMs have introduced or drafted, he said, “When you speak, you should work and not just talk.
Shillong, July 4: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has sought more funds from the Chairperson of the UPA-II government Sonia Gandhi for development works in the state.
“Bah Rymbui, the HNLC has been reluctant to raise its hands for peace for 17 years, while the HNLC members continue to be arrested and killed by the government.
“He also strongly criticized the HNYF by saying, “When we have handed over all the documents to criticize, it is impossible.
Shillong Lajong FC beat United Chirang Duar FC by five goals to win the match.
The waters in the rivers turned to blood, He sent locusts, scorpions, scorpions, pestilence, plague, pestilence, cold, pestilence, darkness, pestilence on all the children. first of the Egyptians.
“I won't insult you, just believe what I say...” said Panah. After drinking and eating, they left.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 23 new cases have been confirmed and 349 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Shillong, November 7: The District Legal Service Authority, West Khasi Hills will hold a National Lok Adalat on November 19, 2015 at the office of the District and Session Judge, Nongstoin from 10 am to 5 pm. at 10 pm on that case or that judgment.
Many of the people and speakers said that the best way for him is to contest as an independent candidate because they have experienced all the different parties but on the other hand Bah SK Sun said, “It is up to the LSPBL to think as the voice of the people has expressed”.
The State of Meghalaya was created in 1972 by the consent of the two groups of indigenous peoples as well as other ethnic groups and villagers who have settled in the State.
Earlier, SN Dhole of the Central Institute of Road Transport said that in India 1.38 lakh people die in road accidents and 60 percent of them die at night.
“My leaders are church leaders, Tymmenbasan, Catechists,” said Bah Shangpliang.
It was also informed that there are no rules for the participants but all are welcome.
Once again, I wish the Seng Khihlang to grow and develop and to gain strength from time to time to preach to the souls of gold and silver to get rid of superstition.
The Government of Himachal Pradesh has launched the preparation and implementation in the villages to ensure access to drinking water in the villages in the rural areas.
If you don't have a million dollars, you can ask how many millions you will spend if you win a ticket in the election.
He said that these days the responsibility for the country and the nation has decreased to a great extent.
We thank all those who do good.
For more information please call 9436344580/8
Most of the members of the group who decided to hold a public meeting were told that the first public meeting would be held in Bhopal.
In the first match which started at 3:15 pm, between Mawlynrei SC and Madan S&CC, the match ended with Madan S&CC winning 3-1 goals.
There are also 4 people who know how to give herbal medicines for bseiñ, dait ksew, counting kjat, burns, cow dung or other diseases of animals.
However, according to reports, the Assam government has taken advantage of this opportunity because the officers from Meghalaya are not responsible.
The department has appointed 16 trainers to provide training and those who are trained do not have to pay anything.
However, in the past three years, the MDA government has not been able to function properly due to the outbreak of COVID-1
Laskar met with Rev LM Vanchhawng of Shillong Baptist Church.
? asked the Seng.
Perhaps there are some people who don't believe that Meghalaya is like that! But the truth is far from faith.
If they allow the supporters from different units to participate in the election of the candidate, then the party supporters will also feel responsible for the work and will have to to work hard together for the victory of the candidate because if he/she loses, they will be sad and guilty and lose their self-esteem.
Some call it “The Market of Jingthala” and others call it “The Land of the People.” Brother Yun and Paul Hattaway write: ,ropes and electric botons,This place is like a graveyard covered with thorns,He who enters with one devil will leave, with seven devils,For chains can never change a man's heart.
“Kongthei, have you ever called...” I asked again, “Yes.
The salary increase was made in accordance with the rules of the Fifth Pay Commission by taking the ratio of
In a statement sent by General Secretary Riquoma RQ Laloo, the Union urged all the villages to follow the road to avoid traffic jam.
The Mikirs have their own seat in the East, but have been forcibly merged by their commission, which from Jaintia has only one member, the MLA of Jaintia. from Jaintia Hills, he could not fight against the 6 or 7 other members of the commission.
A tall statue of Bah Martin N. Majaw should be erected in front of the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Nongpoh: A 16-year-old boy, who was kidnapped from Nongpoh, has been rescued by the Nongpoh Police Station at 4 pm this morning. at 9 pm, who took advantage of the fact that no one was inside the house.
The UDP has six MDCs with the participation of Bah Albinus in the 30-member KHADC. The Congress has also promised to support the EC led by the UDP. Shillong, July 20: Up to 178 MDCs Students who passed well in the Class X and Class XII examinations of this year, received a laptop from the government donated by the Information Technology (IT) Department of the Government today in Shillong.
“The resignation of Bah Comingone has shown that the unrest within the Congress has intensified,” said Bah Shibun.
“And there arose a great storm of wind on the sea, called Euroclydon, and all those who were in the ship threw all their belongings into the sea to save their lives.
In the evening, the husband of the woman, who had come to the area in the morning, called the Kni to release his car.
The two new ministers will be sworn in tomorrow at 10:30 pm at the Governor's House.
The leaders of the four organizations in a statement sent to this reporter, said that if necessary, they will not hesitate to approach other higher authorities to take action on this issue.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 25: The Dorbar Shnong of Soh Laitrim, Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday held another meeting to re-elect the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and members. by Executive Members.
Earlier, Sohra on the Indian Ocean island of La Reunion (France) had recorded the highest rainfall of 2,467mm (97.13mm) in 48 hours.
It may be that the Jews were afraid to go to Jerusalem.
The NPP with 8 MLAs received 3,14,120 votes, the UDP with 12 MLAs received 3,00,529 votes, the INC with 4 MLAs and the incumbent Lok Sabha MP Bah Vincent H Pala received 1,79,680 votes, VPP with four MLAs received 1,01,264 votes, BJP with two MLAs received 81,842 votes, HSPDP with two MLAs received 58,051 votes. and the TMC, which has only one MLA, received 48,3
Many times, IAS, IPS officers are exempted from responsibility.
According to him, he cannot change the rules and regulations because they are all the same for the terrorist groups.
On this occasion, the committee approved the proposal to rebuild the building.
Nain said this is the second protest after the independence struggle.
He said that the seizure of a large amount of drugs shows that the Government authorities have not slept, in which they have been able to stop the attempt to smuggle the drugs to different parts of the state. .
According to Hek, the MLAs he spoke to were from the Congress but they are waiting for the time to leave the Congress.
The CM also informed that there will be more five star hotels in Shillong, Sohra and Umiam, as well as three star hotels in Tura, all through private groups.
Referring to Dr WR Khalukhi's statement that the VPP's demand to change the reservation policy will lead to the same disaster as Jammu and Kashmir, Ardent said, “It is no longer a I would also like to ask whether if so we don't have the right to oppose any of the The party spokesperson said that it is a stupid speech, a stupid speech and a half-hearted thought. the leaders of the NPP".
One gray handbag.
Bah Donbok added that the organization of this free treatment for the children is part of the efforts to help them.
Shortly after inquiring about the Executive Committee, this reporter learned from sources that at the EC meeting of KHADC, there were differences of opinion between the CEM and some of the EMs. The CEM wants to confirm the Sordar whom the people have complained to the KHADC, while some EMs have opposed this and have stood on the issue. The reason why the inquiry team has found that the sordar, the CEM wants to confirm that he is the one who has a bribe.
People respect these and respect them, do not treat them disrespectfully and believe that even by walking on their feet can happen – these unpleasant things.
Including SSA Amlarem Block employees including Chief Guest Bah H. Lamin MDC and Guest Honour.
Earlier in the meeting, the Speaker, the Prime Minister and other Ministers visited the House and other parts of the work.
Besides the beauty of the landscape, hills and rivers, Miss Meghalaya will give an opportunity to the youth of the State to showcase their talents in the fields of Beauty Contest, Modeling and Personality Development.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow 17/12/2022 at 2 pm at the Church of Christ Cemetery.
Many programs were held during the festival including trekking, Sahksaw hike, photography competition and others.
Block-II has an area of ​​1,009.88 sq. km.
The State Government has also informed the Court that it has completed awareness programs among Government employees and other groups to inform that overloaded trucks will no longer travel on the State or National Highways. in the State.
England said that Medrik Phawa, from Jaintia Hills, had gone to preach at the second service at Lummawbah. world on October 3rd".
“These two MLAs have explained to him that the meeting has been too long and the talks to form a government apart from the NPP and BJP have not been successful. and they saw that it was not far, so they went out of this place.
However, Bindo said that he has not received a reply from the UDP leaders. After this, Bindo said that he has sent a reminder to him. In July and after receiving no reply, Bindo wrote another letter in April, in which he spoke clearly to the leaders. The UDP should not accept the letters he has sent to them in the past but should take them as a decision to apply for a ticket. MP Elections.
All Rangbah Shnongs and Sordar Raijs of the villages under this road are invited to attend this meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The HSPDP Pynur Sla Constituency Area on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the Land Boundary Agreement (India & Bangladesh) which the BJP-led Government of India has approved. This Bill will be passed in the next few days.
During his visit, he distributed 400 boxes of fish and fish nets to 40 fish farmers of Pynursla Block and Amlarem Block.
She said the time has come to turn to women as many of them are the breadwinners of their families and they should be trained how to work and stand. that of kjat.
Therefore, the Govt.
They immediately informed the family members of the children.
They want a man who swears to turn an unclean politics into a clean politics.
K. Sangma and the Leader of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla, who have not taken any action on the problems faced by the people in coming and going due to the poor condition of the road in the area.
Sushri was welcomed by a guard of honor prepared by the police and security forces.
The police, after doing this, demanded that he should pay the fine, the court sentenced him to death.
Give these 'persara-The light of grace; The Lord knows how to do it; It's a tipbriew tipblei'
As a result, authorities closed roads in parts of the area, as well as in the outskirts of Bucktown in Pennsylvania, where SWAT officers and heavily armored police vehicles were also deployed. .
Once the Model Code of Conduct is completed, the MLA will provide the necessary assistance.
On Saturday, the National Vice President of the NPP, Prestone Tynsong, announced in Weilyngkut that before the 7th and 8th of June, there will be a major change in the political situation in the state.
Eugenstar Kurkalang President of BJYM said, “The Minister of Urban Affairs should resign immediately according to the evidence produced by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on the allegations of illegal construction. MUDA Bye Law"
Shillong, 08 : Rympei SC beat United Brothers 5-1 on the opening day of the 1st (L) Football Tournament. Mawlai Kyntonmassar Village Council on Saturday, July 07, 2023 at the Mawlai Kyntonmassar Village Council.
He expressed his condolences over the incident.
Those who have not been able to attend the audition can send their songs and dances or any talents they have through video on WhatsApp's No.8787413701/8131934923/6
Tomorrow the meeting will be open to college students only.
“Now, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Minister of Education have informed us that the Search Committee has already met once.
He said that according to history, there were many trade activities between these regions before independence, and there is also an opportunity for trade and connectivity in this region, so it is necessary to arrange. pat all these problems that have hindered and stopped economic activities and connectivity.
The decision was taken during the three-day Executive Meeting held in the city on Tuesday.
The closure of the Balat market has been closed for contact tracing and to be declared a containment area.
Others who were present at the venue, from other parties, spoke against it, but Bah Sanbor, spoke strongly and thus a complaint was lodged against him for violating the election rules, in the election. day of voting.
If it just ended up being an order, it would be of no use at all.
No one wants to follow or practice their own religion, customs and traditions.
The semi final will be played on Saturday 22nd November 2023 between Mawlai SC, the champions of the tournament, against PFR Football Academy, one of the fastest growing clubs this season (4 pm). ).
Many of these have already been prepared to be discussed here but since the Public Hearing has been called off, I will submit it to the Pollution Board.
“After talking to MeCEL, they have to pay T.2000,” said Bah Lyngdoh. He said it has also been decided that MeECL should not charge more than the price fixed per Kilowatt (KW). ).
UP RMSA won the silver medal while Dakani Sari of Seiñraij HSS won the bronze medal.
If the party finds such people who do not respect the character and morality, the party will not allow them at all. and he shall punish them severely.
Shillong, June 25: U Blessdon Thawmuit, 28, of Umlyngka, Shillong, today drowned in the Umiam River while fishing.
About 104 members of 18 households from Vishrampur Goraiyabkhar, about 42 members of 7 households from Khunti Tola Karachali and about 35 members of 8 households from Mahangai. they abandoned Christianity and returned to their Tynrai or Sarna religion.
In a meeting between the KSU leaders and the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District, the KSU leaders were allowed to go to the place where these foreign workers were holding their protest. The KSU leaders have warned the illegal workers and those working in the factory to leave the factory immediately.
From heaven the WORD of God came to earth in Israel, but the Israelites did not recognize him, they did not believe that he was the one sent by God, their Messiah because he was blinded. their eyes were blinded by the religion and tradition of the Jews.
The vehicle was later burnt down at Jaiaw Deng, Shillong.
In Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases are at high risk.
According to AICC leaders, Pawan Hans' old age will not be safe and for that reason, his security forces do not allow Rahul to use old helicopters.
Earlier, Bah Nongbri said that he is one of the greatest workers for the former MLA of Sohiong, Bah HDR Lyngdoh in the past 25 years.
I am writing this because of the view that we accept the words of other ethnic groups even the words that do not exist in the Khasi language.
Shillong: The 7th Badminton Tournament of the East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (EBA) which started on 29th July 2023 has come to an end today.
He said that there are employees who take advantage of the Council to mislead them on the lack of salary, urging them not to mislead the Council as the Council has tried to find ways and means to inform the government through the allocation. they deserve it.
At the same time, it was learned that talks are still ongoing only between three or four MLAs although their goal is to attract more votes.
In another match, Switzerland beat Costa Rica 2-2 in Group E. Brazil have now qualified for the knockout stages. Serbia had to go home and Switzerland had qualified for the knockout stages, while Costa Rica had to go home.
Many times humanity focuses only on the goal, without looking at the ways to get there.
Ali returned to Delhi FC after his 18-month contract came to an end since he joined Goa in July 2022.
Syria's health minister says 42 people have died in Syria's government-held areas, while 20 have died in rebel-held areas in the north. government and the total number of deaths was
The tournament started in June this year with the participation of 32 teams.
Speaking to media, he said that after finding out that there was a collaboration between the TMC and VPP in the election, the TMC sent its people to support the VPP in Mawryngkneng.
" This parable refers to many areas that need to be explained.
The GNLA leaders will hold a meeting on Friday to discuss the incident and to get clarification from the GNLA members. , who have suffered from this unfair treatment of the State Government.
Shilong, Nailur 12: The Central Executive Council (KHNAM) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. to complain about the operation of Shillong Golf Club without a Trade Licence.
Shillong: The Society for Environmental Protection and Sustainable Development (AIDS) today continued the tree planting campaign at Umsohlait village in Ribhoi District as part of the protection and preservation of the environment.
Earlier, the Jowai Municipal Board had tried to dump the garbage at Moolamylliang instead of Damewanhi Rymbai, but the garbage trucks of the Jowai Municipal Board had to turn back after the residents of Sutnga District came out. The flag of the Hima Sutnga Youth Federation (HYMA) has been raised to protest against the proposed dumping of garbage in the area.
On the Central Government's commitment to the development of the North East, Dr Mandaviya said, “In the past 10 years, there have been attempts to bring it to a unified platform within the North East. The country has been connected in all aspects whether it is income, health, roads, rail, I-Ways, river and ropeways among others.
Therefore, the relationship between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo peoples has changed over time.
On the opening day, Mawjarian SC and Byrki SC played a draw between the two teams and on the same day, there was also a match between Mawjarian SC and Byrki SC. Mawthar SC beat Mawthar SC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
He also appealed to the Associations of Teachers in the state to take action on this issue which affects the students to express this and not that their Association should come forward just for the sake of demand their salary.
The ambulance was also set up by the union to serve in the Ri Bhoi area after the complaint of many people especially the poor families due to the lack of ambulances to transport patients. The meeting was led by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh.
The elections for these nine constituencies in seven of the Khasi Hills District Council and one in the Jaintia District Council will be held on 13th November
Shillong, June 15: After the incident in Arunachal Pradesh where Congress MLAs fled their homes to form a government with BJP MLAs, the political situation in the state could spread.
And they brought the colt to Jesus, and they set Jesus thereon: and as he went, they spread their clothes in the way. And when he was come near, they cried out. And when they saw the miracles which they did, they said, Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord: peace in heaven, and glory in the highest.
The order prohibits anyone from carrying firearms, but the order has not been implemented for the guards from the police, the soldiers who have been authorized to perform their duties.
because it was night.
According to these women, many poor families from this village have sent their children to the city to work as housekeepers.
VPP MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the VPP does not want to create ethnic differences, but wants peace, but that peace needs to be resolved. at the Secretariat or at the Legislative Assembly.
In Vijayawada, Hyderabad, which won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 389/7 in 50 overs while Meghalaya could only reply for 143 and beat all the batsmen in 47 overs.
Also present at the meeting were HSPDP leaders KP Pangniang-MLA, Grossper Ryntathiang and others.
They promise us the people to vote for me, support me, if I win or lose, I will be with you and if you follow me, I will bring you prosperity, peace and prosperity.
Three brothers, Lambok Singh Lyngdoh, Queenvida Lyngdoh and Daplinda Lyngdoh, residents of Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, donated ancient artifacts to the Raij Raliang Museum at Chrah Umphula today. First.
He said that they have not yet registered their group to become an organization because they want to do their job first and that all the members should have the determination to continue and not just end. half.
Individual awards were also awarded to Silvestre Makri for the top goal scorer and Marshall for the best player of the tournament.
The youth was identified as Ajay Kharhujon.
The celebration was held at the Dorbar Hall of the village, in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Ma Apines Dkhar, village officials, youth, elders and invitees.
How can we here in India create special laws to accept all the ethnic groups who have migrated here? There are already hundreds of crores of immigrants in India, especially Muslims and Hindus from Bangladesh, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Burma, Nepal and other countries. !.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that the reason for his departure from the Congress party is that Mukul Sangma has been creating various ways to surprise those who have left the Congress party. Many MLAs, ahead of the 2018 MLA elections, have said that Bah Rowell and others including Bah AL Hek, Bah Prestone Tynsong, have left the party. “We have been forced to leave the Congress party,” he said.
In the First Division, the match between Kyrphei Sports Club and Pyndenumbri Sports Club ended in a 1-1 draw.
The increase in the seizure of Ganja and the arrest of smugglers and market operators has led to the establishment of a Special Enforcement Bureau (SEB) to curb these drugs. you're bad.
On 25th June 2023, one of the leading supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP), who was involved in the victory of Bah Synshar Thabah from Sohiong Constituency, Bah Amazing Kurbah, support the protest launched by Bah Ardent at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, Shillong.
Center, NGH, Resubelpara said that there is a training in Mendima on how to make jewelry from siej and shken, which are materials that can be obtained from nature.
However, now it seems that an attempt has been made to make even the different parts of the Khasi Hills a Jaitbynriew. There are 5204 Khasi kurs and there are still other Khasi kurs which have not been included in the book. There is no evidence to suggest that the Khasi people are in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
At present, 97% of Meghalaya falls under the Sixth Schedule, but 3% is still exempt and 3% of the land in Meghalaya does not fall under the Sixth Schedule. Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) on Saturday held a protest against the ILP. They played the ksing at the Jaiaw parking lot in Motphran as a sign to convey to the Central Government the desire of the people of Meghalaya to implement the Inner Line Permit.
Passengers including elderly people, women and children, who were stranded in many parts of eastern Sikkim due to heavy rainfall and bad weather, be rescued by a group of soldiers.
He also alleged that the visit of the AICC chief to the state in recent days is due to the division within the party.
Another participant, Phrangsngi L.Mawphlang, said that he is one of the dance teachers of the Little Star crew and he has asked for the support of the people for this. you are singing.
The question now is, is the ARSS the only one to take responsibility for this incident? Have the NHIDCL, PWD (NH), Forest Department, Mining and Geology Department tried to intervene in this incident?
Therefore, in order to restore peace, it was agreed to hold another peace meeting soon.
In East Khasi Hills, an earthquake training was conducted at Mawkasiang village with the participation of the Dorbar Shnong, residents and SDRF Police. in the village of Mawten.
According to information received, the youth had taken the scooty of a friend (ML 10 C 6277) to go shopping at about 12 midnight. and it was a surprise to his friends that he had not returned home.
Sabalenka, who won her first Grand Slam title this year in Melbourne, is part of a 13-0 record at the beginning of the year. The quarter-finals will be played in Dubai.
However, he said that he does not listen to the comments and does not feel the need to oppose or blame the commenters, because his goal is to serve the people with love without partiality. whether small or great, poor or rich, but all are the same.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07 : The State Government has increased the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme card holders to Rs 5.30 lakh from Rs 5 lakh.
Fourthly, because it is a job that does not require that qualification, there should be responsibility from the media, of course, these days we see some interviews with political party leaders, which is the door opens for us to see a little about our leaders.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 16,9
The people, even those who have not won, will not vote.
“It is the first time that we have organized such a march to surprise not only our children, but also us the elderly to take care of what is left because many of us don't have anything left. “We have to fight to improve what is left and I hope that this march will be a success,” said Dr EM Syiem Principal of the school.
Under the FPO Scheme, T.33 lakh has been provided to each FPO. In addition, T.25 lakh per FPO has been provided to Cluster Based Business Organizations (CBBOs) to develop and support them. FPO.FPOs play a vital role in making agricultural activities sustainable and enhancing livelihood opportunities and livelihoods of those dependent on agriculture.
Then we Khasi will find ourselves that we have lost our Khasi identity in our own country and that we remain only the name Khasi and no longer Khasi.
