“We don't know what happened, we are in a dark wonder how it happened, but we just found out, we just know that she died...not from illness, but from reasons we can't "I don't know," said the Kñi before taking the body of the woman to the Lum Jingtep.
Jowai, Naitung 23 Q: One of the cement factories known as Best Cement Ltd has promised to pay the salaries of its security guards within two days. JSU).
They added that in Nongpoh, there is a need for a sub station, as at present the whole area has only 33KV, while the demand of the villages to use electricity is very high. .
These vehicles were traveling from Guwahati to Shillong.
Police said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing to determine whether it may have been the intention of someone to send the child abroad or to sell her.
They said that after the suspension of the work, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam, has visited the village to meet with the people, but until now he has not been able to complete the work. This is because the Assam police have the right to use force.
They also said that the 'la' iaw' has disappeared immediately and the 'la lung' has not yet appeared.
Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state tomorrow, according to the Indian Meteorological Department.
One railway fertilizer truck (BCNHL) carries 69,600 bottles of urea while it can carry 29 lakh bottles of nano urea.
Dr. Kalwing in her presentation, gave a detailed explanation on the issues related to TB – its symptoms, how people catch the disease and what are the treatment options which the patient is eligible for.
Niakha became angry and suddenly said, “What kind of illness like this is not worth telling... Get ready tomorrow and go straight to the hospital with me.
It is also necessary to provide training and explanation to the public so that they understand this.
“I have been encouraged by the announcement by the Minister of HRD that the government has allocated T.314 crore for NIT Sohra.
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of the country in his memorable midnight speech on 15th July, 1947 said that the government will take action to eradicate poverty, backwardness and backwardness. sides and inequality in privileges.
:The Khasi song “Shirta bad phi” has been released on 30th November 2023 and is sung by KitzBrince Sari.
Up to 93,797 people have been infected in the past few years but 92,200 have recovered.
do you serve God or serve the law or the world?
Sawmer scored two goals through Diego Khriam in the 10th minute and Mark Austin Wanswett in the 88th minute.
“This Rule is not made by anyone but has been approved by the Governor of the State and he has enacted it with the knowledge of the Government. state".
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) led by Jersom Shylla, President of Jowai Circle Neal Jordan Rymbai and various members of the JSU in collaboration with the office of the JSU. The Deputy Commissioner, Jowai has visited Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital and children living at Children's Home Boys, Mynthong to celebrate Independence Day.
Besides Ma Obar Sutnga, other deceased were his wife Anna Suchiang who died at the same hospital on the morning of July 2 and three children, Riwansaka Suchiang 8 years old, Kitlang Suchiang 12 years old and Wansalan Suchiang, 15 years old.
One of these is the abolition of Article 370 in Jammu & Kashmir.
Lensbirth is the highest run-scorer for EGH and is also the second highest scorer in the tournament this year with 154 runs. .
Sashi Kumar, Head of Sales at Indeed India, said, “By taking advantage of these opportunities, nurses will not only be able to reduce their workload but also increase the way of their work.
He will be accompanied by Vijay Kumar Damera, IAS Commissioner and Secretary Planning Department, Dikki D Shira, MCS Director, MIE and Augustus S Suting, Deputy Project Director, MBMA. She will visit Calais Dance from the 4th to the 10th of this month to visit the exhibitions of the Meghalaya Ramie Project and the exhibition at the Lace and Fashion Museum.
The reason is that all the people say and see with their own eyes the destruction everywhere.
The first test was conducted on 22nd July and the second test was sent on 28th July and both the results were negative.
“Dr. Mukul Sangma said, “Every time we feel sorry for the shortness of time but now we have to use the time in the right way because it is not just for one person. The party but it is time for all the parties to contest the mid-term elections.
Out of these 1186 cases, 839 cases are in East Khasi Hills, 45 cases in West Khasi Hills, 57 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills. cases in East Jaintia Hills, 116 cases in West Garo Hills, 16 cases in South Garo Hills, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills and 81 cases in East Garo Hills. There are 9 cases in North Garo Hills district.
The indefinite protest started on July 2, 2022 in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Shillong and in front of the office of the Pro Vice Chancellor of Tura Campus.
After this, he continued his studies at Chennai University for a Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech), for students with this type of disease at Kalasalingam University, Madurai. knowledge of the higher powers.
Rupang has learned that a meeting was held today between the Village Authorities of Bhoi District and the Sengbhalang in the area to discuss the meeting.
According to a directive issued by the Shillong Municipal Board, on 16th November 2020, the contractor who has taken over the parking lot of the government to collect taxes from the farmers who come to sell jhur at this bag.
What I mean is that there are cases and rules to say that it is a scam, whether there is misuse of public money so you have to think carefully before you go straight to which concludes” said the Prime Minister.
At the time of its birth, Meghalaya was not as poor as it is today.
While other states in the North East are struggling to provide the best education to the students of our state, the government is increasingly encouraging the private sector to do business in The Association concluded its statement by urging the government to take measures to improve the quality of education in the country. that the state will indeed receive that perfect education.
In his speech, he expressed his delight to be at the club and to continue his service as a leading player for the team and in the His choice is that if the club continues to work with him, his stay in the team will be for the next five years.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate from Mylliem constituency, Bah Gilbert Laloo, on 4th June filed his nomination papers to contest the elections to be held on 27th June, in the presence of his supporters.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The MDC and Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne has immediately informed the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne. The Minister of Electricity and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has sent a message immediately.
This is also a time to thank God for His blessings to the Pnar people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, whether in agriculture, trade, health and in education and in other aspects of our lives.
Police are still trying to identify the driver of the scooty and said that the driver of the truck has fled the scene.
The Mawlai residents have started this morning to ban night vehicles.
When asked about the doubts about the safety of the Covid-19 vaccine, Father Richard said that we should not be surprised by the vaccine, because it follows the vaccines that scientists have found to protect those who Many types of diseases why we are still afraid of the vaccine against Covid-1
Shillong Lajong started the tournament by beating Mohammedan SC at the Naihati Bankiman Jali Stadium, West Bengal. the match is 1-1
However, this plan of these Bangladeshis failed after the employee of this shopkeeper, Pratap Bareh with a brave spirit fought and fought against these robbers from Bangladesh who came in a group of about 10-15 people.
New Delhi, July 4 : To mark the celebration of World Environment Day on July 5, 2022, the Union Government has directed the State/UT Governments and Authorities across the country to countries have started work to gradually phase out the use of Single Use Plastic (SUP).
Themes Marbo 9 .
The second semifinal will be played on Saturday between Rymbai Shken Shynriah FC and Salaroh FC at 2.00 pm.
Two years later, on June 5, 1974, World Environment Day was celebrated with the theme “Only One”. earth".
There is no peace for the drivers who drive and slow, nor for the drivers who are slow and thoughtful and for the pedestrians.
After a while, Nangseiboklang scored his second goal in the 65th minute.
He urged the Rangbah Shnongs and religious leaders not to be quiet during the elections as this will affect the peace and order in the villages.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body has strongly criticized the EC led by Thombor Shiwat as CEM for its failure to exercise its powers and authority as public leaders.
The new group will be announced in or at the end of November,” said the party leader.
The vehicle was a Yamaha FZ (ML05 N 9791) owned by Arindam Das, Congress office bearer from West Shillong constituency.
Despite the shortage of police in the district, compared to other districts, the East Jaintia Hills District Police Department has struggled to take action and continue to investigate the incident. Many complaints have been registered at the Police Stations in East Jaintia Hills District in connection with the smuggling of drugs into Meghalaya. Those involved in drug trafficking have been arrested and charged under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, Ram Singh, has met with the families of the victims and donated T.50,0
Rapper Afroman has decided to contest the 2024 US presidential election.
Somy was born in Karachi, Pakistan.
Shillong, Lber 25 : The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has started from Mawlai to strengthen the party in preparation for the 2023 MLA elections.
Volunteer Nilberth Ch Marak has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Lokayukta against the officers of the PHE department in Williamnagar over the shortcomings within the department.
Speaking on Mawshynrut constituency, Pelcy said that Mawshynrut was the seat of the Congress party until the time of Francis Pandit Sangma as MLA. 12 candidates were nominated.
On the Mukroh shooting incident, it was decided to cancel the investigation by the judges appointed by the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya as witnesses did not come forward from both sides and the investigation could not be completed.
The FKJGP is against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
“It’s just the image of the media.
The choice of our Hynniewtrep people has been too much – until the owner has no place or hope.
When you eat a bad food, the smell lasts only for minutes and the smell kicks in every moment and your health deteriorates.
Elsewhere, there are searches for ways to solve these problems.
The union has fought and demanded the implementation of the law and has also fought in the Meghalaya High Court.
“God has blessed our State, in Jaintia Hills we have coal but now when the coal is banned we have shynrai which is a tribute to the farmers who have worked hard,” said Bah Lyngdoh. .
It is learned that according to the signs of the incident, the girl was suspected to have been raped and later killed by her enemies.
On the other hand, the Executive Member in charge of Information Technology, Macdalyn Mawlong, said that the EC has decided to implement computers in all the departments of the Council especially the revenue department. prevent the evasion of taxes.
“The Secretary of the Shnong has taken all the authority to himself just because the Rangbah Shnong is a person without any education,” said the woman and requested the police to investigate thoroughly. She and other villagers regarding the violence of the Secretary Shnong against their rights.
The ADG also held talks with BGB Brigadier General Md. Sahidul Islam, Regional Commander of Sarial and other army chiefs to strengthen security between Bangladesh and Meghalaya.
With his knowledge and hard work, he was able to introduce a scheme of 2 lakh tyngka from Central GST through Swachh Bharat by issuing a work order to the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Phudmuri, Bah S.Khongklaim. to start implementing this work.
However, now I don't know anymore because I'm too strong.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong won 2-1 against NSA. Iohi I Dhar scored in the 38th minute and Phrangko Sari in the 78th minute for Mooknor while Sevensonly Thubru scored for NSA in the 51st minute.
According to Bah Dabit Nianglang, before his death, his father reminded him that he should fulfill his promise to sacrifice again as a thank you to Ud longtheng who had blessed him.
Therefore, the traffic jam in Shillong is not only for commercial taxis but also for private taxis.
In a short time, Kat is produced.
The Integrated Health Campaign was launched today by Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Health Advisory Board, Government of Meghalaya. Myrthong Deputy Director (Medical) MACS, Dr.D Blah Addl.DM&HO of Ri-Bhoi District, Dr.E Kalwing District AIDS Control Officer (DACO) Ri-Bhoi District and other officers from various government departments and the department of AIDS. health.
After the first half, Sreenidi started to change her strategy, by speeding up and playing from side to side.
“The reason for this is that there are too many vacancies and the MPSC has not been able to conduct the examination on time.
The Umkhen River used to supply water to many villages but now it seems that it will dry up.
Shillong, March 04: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that his office has no role in deciding who to appoint as the team of inquiry into the collapse of the roundabout. The subcontracting of the new dorbar hall is the responsibility of the government.
While talking, I said to put the phone first because I have an urgent matter and after this moment I tried to call him again after 120 minutes but he didn't answer the phone,” he said. The husband of Bah Marbaniang added that “he wrote an SMS but no reply was received and this happened at about 9 pm”.
Many of us who work in the morning and eat in the evening, but if all the necessities have increased in price, how can we do anything else to pay us especially in this time of crisis,” he said. state.
Other Congress MLAs have replied to reporters that the Congress government has moved only to the area where there is an earthquake or what is called in foreign languages ​​the epicenter and those who are not in the epicenter said Other MLAs said that if there is an earthquake, it does not affect the epicenter but affects others near the epicenter.
The crime in the society in the State has increased with the passing of the days and it seems that it has increased in all aspects because as the days go by, not only the elderly who commit crimes but now the In the days when even children followed forty kinds of evil deeds.
UP School.
Asif Basra is best known for his roles in television films and has also starred in Kai Po Che, Hicki, Krrish 3, Jab We Met, Black Friday and others.
After that, a competition was held for the new students led by Bari Pyngrope and Keri Laloo and the winner of the new students went to Wandamon Suchiang who won the title of Miss Fresher's, Master Fresher's 2018 was held by Jonathan Kharsyiemlieh.
As God the Creator has given to the Hynniewtrep Hynniaw Wasa the belief in religion and customs in the three pillars which are the natural abilities to know man, know God, know family and earn money. Right.
Whether it is the people or the members of the civil society, even a small number of them are sent by the police every day until they are arrested or imprisoned.
They have done the duty they have taken since the election.
Three months later, the mother received information from a friend that there was a shop if the owner wanted to leave because his children were no longer busy.
Through information received from the driver, police have arrested two arms dealers involved in police cases, one from Guwahati and two from Tura.
Programs such as tree planting with the participation of various villages, organizations and churches in South West Khasi Hills District were completed during this month.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong has congratulated these three young women for doing a great job.
Many workers are still trapped under the collapse of this bridge.
You have become poor.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday refused to send another inquiry into the death of Sub-Inspector Pearlystone J Marbaniang in 2015 in Patharkhmah, Ri-Bhoi. pages, it was found that no one else shot the police chief to death, but he shot himself.
After the rituals and explanations to the people who came to the place, the dancing and singing started at the lympung shad at the place.
He said that HANM will meet with the MPs from the North East to request them to speak in Parliament on the need to implement the ILP in Meghalaya, the introduction of Khasi and Garo languages. and to set the boundary.
It is understood that the reason why these Nongmihkhmat of Nongpoh visited the area was after receiving information that there are some people living in the area bordering the city. Assam, they continue to visit the areas in Assam.
The President of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Strealmy, was accompanied by the President of the KSU.
He said these drugs were banned from sale and were brought from Kolkata to Tripura.
Small crops such as rice, sohniamtra, sohkwit, sohmanir, shynrai and others were sold at high prices to the Dkhars.
xxi) The Avishkar program is a program that opens the door for readers to listen to writers from different parts of India.
Therefore, the farmers are requested to participate in the competition by bringing their jhur, muli, pathaw, cube, tyrso, soh ñiamtra, sohbah, sohjew, orchid flowers, phan dieng, sohphlang, shriew. , wheat, barley, shrimp and other kinds of jhur.
On Friday, the land owners of Ri Bhoi district who are willing to donate their land for the road have expressed their willingness to accept the government's price for the year to complete the Western Bypass Road.
Four Congress MLAs including Bah Sniawbhalang from Nartiang have not received any form from the party to apply for tickets for the upcoming MLA elections.
He said that they should also get the benefit of checking their health three times a year and should also be provided with a house to live in.
Regarding the filling of vacancies in SSA Lower and Upper Primary Schools in the state, Bah Rymbai said, “We have already discussed this issue and they have informed us. The Government has not yet approved the proposal sent by the School Managing Committees (SMCs) to announce the vacancies as they have to verify the teachers.
They urged the relevant authorities to resolve this issue and especially the government employees who have received monthly salaries but are becoming more corrupt.
He also expressed his satisfaction that all the shops are full of tar through the hard work of the people and this is an opportunity for the youth to take advantage of this time of unemployment. Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Students Wing of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Friday warned to take strong action against anyone. groups who try to create ethnic discrimination within the Bri u Hynniewtrep and any religious groups who destroy schools run by Christian Churches within the borders of Meghalaya.
The HYC Leader said that tourists can apply for ILP through Electronic ILP which does not require them to collect forms or stand in line but they only need to fill in their information on their mobiles or computers and to send for the ILP and the availability of resources will speed up all the work.
Two of these women are mothers and children who live together in the same house, one is a foreigner who is waiting for a vehicle to leave for Assam and one is a man from Rattachera. were walking in the morning and two were seriously injured.
The union urges through the SDO PWD, to talk to the road construction company, to send for repairs before any inconvenience happens to the people of this area.
It has also affected the sick, due to the lack of electricity in the CHC.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to provide financial assistance to the Quarantine Centers run by the Dorbar Shnongs.
He said the VPP is concerned that the Job Reservation Policy of 1972 has caused concern among the Khasi and Garo.
The relatives of the child together with the HYC Shella Area Unit, strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should punish the people involved in the shooting of the child. 14 year card.
Revelation 20:1
The union has also made it clear that it is against the implementation of this policy through Hybrid Mode and at the same time the union has demanded that if the Four Years Undergraduate Program (FYUP) is to be implemented, it should be implemented gradually. If you are using an old system, you should not be able to use it.
“There are people who have lived for more than 1000 years, but we don't remember them but there are those who have lived for only 30 years but they are forests and we remember them,” said the UDP MLA. The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, while responding to the criticism of the opposition, said that the opinions of the members of the opposition are valuable and the government will take into consideration. and requested the government to withdraw the motion of no confidence in the government.
When a reporter from Shillong went out to investigate the incident, he had to walk for about 10 hours from Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills District to reach the scene of the accident. passing through the road with darkness covering the dirt road.
God's Word states: “I saw an angel coming down out of heaven with the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 21: The District Election Officer (DEO) of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, today informed all voters that according to the directive of the Election Commission of India (ECI), He urged the leaders of the Legislative Assembly to bring their Elector Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) on that day at the polling stations for verification. before they cast their votes.
The union condemns the stingy behavior of the employer and the PWD department as the Synod service will start in the next few days from the 3rd to the 5th of October.
They said that if the road can be built in front of the entrance, it will be easier and more attractive for people to enter the market because the existing entrance is below and many do not see.
In the second innings, Nongkhyriem failed to tied more than Lumshyiap and tied only 43 runs at the end of 8 overs for the loss of 8 wickets.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), Bah John F Kharshiing, Deputy Superintendent of Police, Bah H. Kharkongor, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Australian Olympic athlete, Ian Campbell, teachers, students of the area and others.
Telme Rymbai scored the third goal for Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu (33).
Due to the extreme heat, the sale of soft drinks including juice, ice-cream and others has been going well in Tripura.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the shopkeepers said that the loss of their shops has been a great loss because they used to earn a living from living in these shops, but they cannot. Understand what happened when the darkness came and a fire broke out last night of the 9th of this month and destroyed their shops and burnt down all their belongings.
Shillong, Jymmang 04 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the government cannot do anything if the talks with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) in the coming days. it doesn't go anywhere to move them out of where they are now.
In the final match, S.Lynda Kom, who won the Player of the Match title, scored two goals (29′, 44′) in the first half before Manipur scored two more goals in the second half. L.Babina Devi (62') and L.Shelia Devi (87') won the match.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has demanded that former Mawlai MLA and MDC Embhah Syiemlieh should verify his election campaign speech in Mawlai. Bah Ardent, when he was CEM of KHADC in 2014, introduced the Act to change the caste to Shynrang.
He said that even in the past two years due to the Covid-19 pandemic which has caused difficulties in the distribution of public schemes, it was after the pandemic that the distribution of the scheme has been started. MLA. Furthermore, he informed that there are still three years of funds left under the MLA scheme and he hopes that he will be able to distribute the money within these days to all those who are entitled to receive it.
In our state for about 48 years, this day has been celebrated by planting trees around the country, but if we look closely according to the report of the Forest Survey of India (FSI) we see that the forests have been destroyed. they have spent less and less than in the past.
Besides, they have chosen us for 5 years.
"No doubt there is a lot of concern but when it comes to economic activities we need to move forward because these are the steps that have been taken to boost income and opportunities. I don't work for the state.
And at last I said unto him, My work is done, and all that remaineth is the curse of heaven and earth.
In Nongjri, the same was done, but it was buried in the ground, without covering the dewbilat as in Nongbah Jyngrin.
“We demand that the office of the Lokayukta should have many members from various fields such as lawyers, members of the community and others.
Therefore, to make it easier for the people of this area and for the office to provide better services and also to make it easier for the staff to look after the roads, the Division should be relocated immediately to set up its headquarters in Shangpung. as announced by the government since
That is why we should take advantage of digital information, e-learning and information technology.
Various political parties staged the protest by burning candles, burning tynsong to Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and others.
It was also seen that there were many Riew Rangbah and one Longkmie who came forward to offer themselves to the PEOPLE of this Constituency.
The Apostle Paul in his letter to the Romans says – For the fall of them (Israel) is the salvation of the Gentiles.
Many Christians in many places do not accept the Aadhar because they are afraid that it is the number of the beast or
However, while she was with her friends in the meeting hall, she asked for water and said she felt dizzy, but suddenly she fell down.
Mondal's former aide Hossain was arrested by the CBI on July 10 last year and accused of being the leader of the investigation team in the case. the third dated the 8th, January.
On the other hand, the MLA said that the new office will be in preparation for the new Civil Sub-Division in the area.
Furthermore, we must also commend the Government of Meghalaya for working with the farmers and other groups to deliver these products from here to these famous places.
I really wanted to hear the sound of the sun again.
Leaders, look carefully whether you sell our state at too high a price, whether you fight or get an issue in the next election, look carefully whether it will affect you all who are involved in this matter.
Congratulations to the KSU Narpuh Circle under the leadership of Samla Ohibait Dkhar, the Central Body of the JSU under the leadership of Samla Lawyerson. War, the JSM led by Samla Leningstar Rymbai, the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) led by Samla Yoomeki Kyndait, the STIEH led by Kong Deiwi Tongper, the RUDS led by Kong Deiwi Tongper. the leadership of Haran Syrtis.
Khet Kumar, who was injured in the incident, said that even the security guards of the school refused to do anything and protect them when they went to complain about the closure. and the appearance of the members of the IJT on that day.
“Let the people of Meghalaya hear and judge his true position on this issue,” he said.
The price of these shatri is T.350 each for Mahendra Dutt's unpainted shatri and T.360 for clean shatri.
Rymbai said the association has set a deadline for the government to implement their demands by the 18th of this month. These are the demands of 12,541 SSA teachers including lower primary and upper primary.
In the Bible there are two different accounts (Genesis 1 and 2).
Justine Marak, Secretary, GSMC, who is also the former CEM of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, said that the demand for Garoland is no longer a new demand.
EQUIPMENT AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OR PDEM SBOH1
Dr H Bani, RMP, AM, MD Chief Adviser Seng Nongsumar Dawai Khasi Nylla, Technician Director Me-Ba-Ai Tribal Health and Awareness Centre, Golflink Shillong, Meghalaya.
Besides the teams, we are also preparing to support individual teams who wish to take part in national and international competitions in various fields not only in sports.
After celebrating the 50th Anniversary of our State, once again, the preparations for the General Elections to re-elect 60 MLAs to our Legislative Assembly, It will be held in June, 2023 (only 7 months) if not closed for any reason.
Thank you very much, God bless you all.
The meeting was held to discuss the application of No Objection Certificate (NoC) by the Deputy Commissioner of Satpator Dolloiship to start the construction of Border Fencing from Muktapur-Jaliakhola including Border Pillar No 1283/7s. Border Pillar No 1301/4s is located about 150 yards from the sign.
The elders of Trangblang village have expressed their shock over this incident which has happened within the boundary of the village and have strongly condemned the people involved in taking the lives of these people without knowing it. count more than the blood of the mother.
The Food Security Act will provide foodgrains to 18,45,631 residents in the state in rural areas and 3,03,464 residents in urban areas.
Goyal said the production of dewbilat after the implementation of the new plan will increase to 18,000 metric tonnes per annum.
He renounced his sovereignty and personal rights therein.
According to sources, Rahman, a resident of Guwahati, misused his position as a consultant of the Mizoram Agriculture Marketing Corporation (MAMCO).
In a letter sent to the Doloi of Jowai Elaka, the Moopyniein Village has also mentioned the boundaries of the four villages of the village if the Dorbar Shnong is established.
There are currently 2,829 new cases in the country, according to the National Health Commission.
They also handed over to Bah HDR Lyngdoh their demands including the suspension of the construction of the railway line until the government implements the experimental measures or the entry and exit points.
He said that the HSPDP has decided to include in its Election Manifesto the demand that the Khyrnit Bahynriew should be strengthened by amending Para 12 A (b) so that the powers over the people. The land and land management shall be from the State Government and not from the Central Government.
He urged the government to turn its attention to the Secondary School for the benefit of the children of the residents of the area.
Titos said the only way to punish the employee is to arrest him and if he does so, it means that the money will not be received.
We must stand against and completely eradicate this way of thinking.
In fact, a fire truck from Umiam Police arrived at the scene, but due to lack of entry point, it failed to reach the scene, which caused the fire to burn down. They were able to clean up the property in these houses, without being able to take even a single small item.
Shillong, July 25 : At least 35 people have lost their lives in the heavy rainfall in all 11 districts of the state in the past few days. the flood, the earthquake, the houses.
Imonhimi Laloo scored in the 2nd minute, Ozil Langshiang in the 24th minute and Arkini Bamon in the 45th minute.
Indiana Jones, which is also one of the best films of the past years and directed by Harrison Ford, has decided to end it completely only in the first part where no more films will appear. part after this.
In Delhi, the price of petrol was T.96.21 per liter and diesel was T.87.47 per liter with an increase of T.1 per litre.
The states with the highest number of cases are Tamil Nadu with 35,873, Karnataka with 31,183, Kerala with 28,514, Maharashtra with 26,133 and Andhra Pradesh with 19,9
All these roads are located around the uranium deposit.
“People are aware of these schemes but why they are not reaching the people that is a big question mark," he added.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 20: Leaders of WKSU Nongstoin Circle on Tuesday held a special meeting with the EE of MePDCL and the SDO of Nongstoiñ, on how to improve the working methods of the MePDCL. for the benefit of the people of the area.
According to the former armed leader, he was surprised to learn and see that after the 50th anniversary of Meghalaya and the leaders elected in Chokpot every year they have not been able to bring anything. you are growing in this constituency.
There is now a new and stricter Act known as the Dam Safety Act,
The court said the liberalization vaccine policy was aimed at creating a price increase in the supply of vaccines, but now, through the availability of only two vaccines, The price and availability of medicines has been discussed with the government.
“The TMC is not yet in power in Meghalaya but the bloodshed has followed the TMC wherever it goes whether it is in West Bengal or Tripura.
“It is a very easy change in which the agencies responsible for implementing the funds will get more and more in collaboration with the Biodiversity Board,” said the Chief Minister. session.
It may be recalled that the meeting was signed by Bah HS Shylla and the HSPDP accepted it . After accepting it , Bah Shylla wrote to the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to take over the responsibility of running the meeting It also handed over to the Union to arrange the power, location and management according to their knowledge on the issues proposed by Bah Shylla.
Police said they have questioned three persons and the investigation is ongoing to find out who is involved in the incident.
Shillong, March 3: A BSF GD Constable No.006337447 identified as Bhagora Dharmendra Kumar (35 years old) has allegedly shot himself with a rifle at 9:50 am this morning. He was arrested at the BSF Headquarters, Mawpat, Shillong.
The primary responsibility for children to know this and to help them reach this stage lies with the parents of the Church of Yahshua/Jesus. cross roads).
Rangdajied United FC, which played its last match on Monday, has 28 points while Langsning FC, if they beat Mawlai, will take second place.
Forbes ranked Ronaldo as the world's highest paid footballer twice, including salaries, bonuses and corporate salaries of $73 million in the 2013–14 season and $79 million in the 2014–15 season. and $93 million in 2016–17.
The Seng requests you all to come and encourage the Khasi traditional music.
Local extent.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The HSPDP on Tuesday held a meeting of Rangbah Shnongs at Khasi National Dorbar Hall and announced another public meeting at Madan Student on the 6th of this month. date of January.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : Police in Meghalaya have collected samples of items from the ground floor of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Girls Higher Secondary School for forensic examination. a school that has stood for 131 years.
After the arrest of these coal trucks, police have also arrested the drivers of these trucks and some of them have escaped and police are conducting investigation to find the trucks. kind of coal.
People from these three cities, Shillong, Jawai and Tura have also been banned from moving from one district to another but if necessary they have to get permission from the Deputy Commissioners.
He said that in the city, those who have a house of four rooms or more and those who have a house with dewbilat can no longer get this scheme. If a household employed by the government or whose income is T.10,000 tyngka, that household will no longer be eligible for this scheme.
He also referred to the previous order of the court which decided that there should be a police officer from the State Police Department to be identified by the court.
Mawlai and Lajong are the best teams in the tournament as they have never lost until this semi final.
“The opening and closure of foreign trade depends on the government and I am confident that the government will provide the SOPs according to the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to curb the spread of COVID-19,” said Lop Pohtam. The KSU said that no decision was taken at this meeting to approve the suspension of trade between India and Bangladesh through the Dawki LCS. The Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs has reopened the National Database of Arms Licenses (NDAL) portal until 29th June, 2020 for the registration of old and outdated firearms licences. You have registered on this Portal.
It is to be recalled that the HYC has found that there are about 80 households of illegal immigrants from all over the state who have come to Survay Hill.
The confusion has arisen over four NREGS roads including two in Laitlyngew, one in Mawmluh and one in Thangkharang.
For this reason, they have replaced him and appointed Dr Celestine Lyngdoh as president.
We have received information that the question has been sent on Whatsapp and the answer is from Jaiaw,” said Bah Nongphlang.
Thousands of people took to the streets last night chanting “Down with the dictator”, “We condemn the dictator” and “Shame on the IRGC [Revolutionary Guard], let the country go" “The IRGG's stupid job, let the country go forward"
Therefore, India will have to use short passing and even if the team has players who can play this style of play, like Ashique Kuruniyan and Udanta Singh, they will have to use another player. trick.
Itanagar: The crashed AN 32 Air Force helicopter was found at Payum village near Tato Shiyomi district in Arunachal Pradesh today.
For the employees in technical jobs, the JAC has requested the Agency to allow the state residents first and if the state residents are not available, the Agency can import those who have the skills. proper documents and to apply for permission to apply for a Labor License and certificate from the relevant authorities.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, would also like to express its special thanks to Ma Shitlang Pale, who is the true leader of our area, for donating not only this scheme but also the internal road. , Umkiang Village and other assistance to the village in our area.
What we see here is that Jesus had first raised Lazarus from the tomb, who had been dead for many days, and that Jesus did not know that there was a donkey that had been tied up, and he did not know. and what the owners of the donkey would ask the two disciples who went to take the donkey and it was exactly that.
We speak badly of the cowboys because their bodies are small.
In the men's category, Mawlongbna SC beat Nongtrai SC 4-0
The FKJGP today together with the Syiem of Raid Marwet visited a site in Tamulkuchi under the Raid Marwet. It was found that the site is not suitable for the landfill due to the presence of farmland, the river which can affect the environment.
The Governor of Meghalaya has called for a special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today.
There is no excuse on either side here either.
He admitted that he heard about this after talking to some people in the area, who said that they have been affected by the ILP protest. The Governor said that the CAA has nothing to do with tourism but if it brings obstacles, it will cause problems and cannot be understood. far from what happened.
We have already decided that if the government does not listen, we will appeal to the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
These two committees are the Fact Finding Committee (FFC) headed by the Secretary to Health and Family Welfare and the Committee to Investigate the Purchase of Medicines by the Additional Chief Secretary. look at the Department of Health.
In Madras there are varieties of rice which cannot be affected by this disease, but we cannot say whether these varieties are suitable in Khasi-Jaintia; these are: GEB.24, Co.1 and Co.
“On the demand that the government should pay salaries for the months during the school holidays, the department has told them that they still need to consider the cost of work for the months of school holidays. the months of November and November"he added.
In the author's view, the election is a game where the game is about money.
The leaders will lead and rule while we the people are working hard to make the country a safe and secure country.
However, at the same time, Sapna fell in love with Raju Kumar, who was at home with Uttam, who lived nearby.
Those who attended the ceremony included Pai'em Ken Syiem, Raid Marwet, Ministers, Basan, Longsan Mansan of Mylliem Hima and other village leaders of the area. .
Aashih K. Lohar contributed 18 runs, but SCA-A reached 78/9 and then 100 runs.
The order provides that if Rule 8 of the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules, 2019 is violated, the Government shall not take departmental proceedings.
Police on receiving a tip raised a truck registration AS 25 EC – 3411 at Phramer at 11:30 AM. Police seized 37 vehicles. The weight of the song was 422.15 kilos.
Rangdajied United Football Club beat Shillong Lajong Football Club 2-1 in the first leg of the SPL 2023 on Saturday. .
Speaking to media, Lakra said that under the rule of the NDA Government, the country has achieved many development projects and for Meghalaya, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Modi has allocated schemes including the Cancer Hospital, JJM Scheme, PM Care and others.
Praise the Lord, you Iakjakor, fire, cold, hailstones, wind and storm, kings of the earth, men, women, old men and children.
And for Class X it will be 5 kilos.
We have held a meeting with the Executive Committee of the village where we have discussed this issue and unanimously we have agreed that it is not appropriate to issue Trading License or Labor License to any bar. “If we do that (issue licenses) we won't be able to choose which job we will give and what kind of job we will not give,” he said.
In 2017, he was appointed as the coach of Chennai City FC. Ten years later, Akbar Nawaz replaced him to lead the team to the I-League title.
Pynshngaiñ also announced at the public meeting that the KHADC has included the Arts and Culture Department in its budget and directed the organizers of the celebration to deliver the The KHADC has received the reports on the expenditure in Mairang and after receiving the report, the KHADC has been able to allocate funds for the expenditure.
Kumar said the ECI has honored them by informing them personally.
Speaking to reporters, Goldsmith said that in the middle of the night, she immediately called the police to report the presence of robbers who were trying to attack her inside the residence. year.
HSPDP candidate World Champion Paliar in the presence of Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the HSPDP, KP Pangniang MLA and former MDC. Rambrai MLA, Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC Mylliem, party leaders and supporters.
Shillong, October 21: KSU Narpuh Circle under the leadership of General Secretary, Bah Kwilness Suchiang, together with its members, on Tuesday met with the SDO of MeECL EJHD (Khliehriat).
This phase of the process has been completed.
The Government has informed that according to the rules and regulations, permission must be obtained from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) before the construction of any building. the buildings then apply for permission later.
said Kyrmen.
In this regard, the DC was requested to intervene and order that the company should pay compensation to the consumers for its unfair treatment of the public.
At the public hearings of the candidates, the people have the opportunity to judge and ask which of the candidates is the most intelligent, the most intelligent of all.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 532 new cases have been confirmed and there are 6403 active cases in the state.
There are about 20 Khasi tree farms in Jirang but the Khasi owners did not attend the meeting on Saturday and it is not known what the intention is behind the meeting with foreigners. Assam but in the morning it is not about the financial assistance because from time to time they demand money from the sawmills.
The game went on and Rangdajied played hard without allowing the Malki players to turn to the goal.
The AITC leader said that the people of Meghalaya who want to join the party and who want to see changes should hold on to themselves and ensure that the image of the NPP government should be strong. be defeated in the upcoming election.
The Amur Falcon Festival was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh on Thursday in the presence of Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, leaders of the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society including Alos Nongpoh Secretary, Leader of the Tyrso Women's Welfare Association.
Conrad said that this is the first time for him to participate in the celebration held within the KHADC and he is pleased to know that for the first time, the KHADC has held such a celebration and struggle happily.
The General Secretary of KWADDA, Kong Margret, has strongly criticized the government for being a blind government.
I would also like to clarify that we as the village have not helped the police to arrest even one of them.
“The MLA elections have just ended but the sad thing is that the NPP leaders don't see too far ahead.
The award was presented by the MLA of 7-Amlarem Constituency who is also the Minister of I/C Education, Forest and Border Area Development. Lahkmen Rymbui, IAS Chief Secretary, Dr BDS Tiwari, IAS Commissioner, Dr LR Bishnoi, IPS DGP were also present on the occasion. , along with other government officials, village leaders, parents and school children.
Imphal: The Manipur government has approved the implementation of the census year from 1961 and those who migrate after that year will fall under the terms of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Why is that? Without pep die! for the light that was in them was darkened.
The KSU does not have the spirit to insult other ethnic groups in the state, but others should not attack our ethnic group and if others try to attack or force the ethnic group, it means that The KSU does not hesitate to oppose such acts of violence whether by word or deed.
In order to fight against the first, scientists have now developed a variety of vaccines that can prevent the spread of the disease.
In the Khasi Hima with different names and within the Jaintia Hima, the administration was divided into three districts, namely; In the Hima, the Syiem or the Lyngdoh and the chiefs were ruled by the Raid/Raij. -the Syiem Raid (called in Ri-Bhoi) or the Dalloi (called in Ri-Pnar) and finally the Rangbah Shnong or the Rangbah Shnong. The Sordar of the Village is the Matabor or the Minister of the Village or the Waheh Shnong.
He said that besides this, the Seng has urged the SP to curb such people by setting up a gate to search the drivers and if found drunk while driving. You shall not be punished under the Motor Vehicle Act.
In a statement, the Acting General Secretary of the HSPDP, Witting Mawsor, requested all the units and supporters of the HSPDP to attend the meeting especially the former MLAs and MDCs of the party and their supporters. .
Shillong: A young journalist from Mawphor newspaper has been assaulted by robbers during the rally of FKJGP while he was on his way to Dhankheti market. , Laitumkhrah.
He said that there are leaders whose speeches seem to reach heaven while they do not reach hell.
In 2010-11, 50 students, 57 students in 2011-12, 57 students in 2012-13, 57 students in 2013-14 and 56 students in 2013-1 , 2014-15 there were 58 cases, and 2015-16 there were 57 cases.
“The parties which do not have candidates to contest from my constituency, I propose to those parties, if they accept the rules I have,” he added.
The meeting started from 12 noon to 2:30 pm.
The Israelites believed in the law of their ancestors and in the law of Moses.
These projects are launched through various training programs for young men and women to develop their skills through knowledge and income generation.
I believe that your work will go smoothly when I look at your relationship with that man,” said the father.
These vehicles are also known as Prime Tourism Vehicles.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) sends its condolences to the family members of; on the passing away of Ma S Quotient Sumer, one of the oldest journalists of the state who has been involved in journalism since the time of the Hill State struggle.
In the midst of this pandemic in our country, let us not be afraid of evil, as David said in Psalm 23:1-4
We have received the letter they sent and we have examined it thoroughly and we have explained that the law does not allow it.
It is also the second time that Rangdajied United FC have lost after beating Mawkhar SC 1-1 in the first leg.
In 2017, we have heard rumors that some leaders will leave the party to join others but we have witnessed the departure and entry of leaders from one party. party to another for the 2018 elections.
It may be recalled that the state currently has 39 C&RD Block, according to the census in 7 districts, earlier there were only 32 Block but 7 districts have been increased. It is expected that as the government has created four new districts, the number of CRD Clocks will increase.
There are many of our young men and women who work abroad and who can send money home.
Former ULFA leader Anup Chetia, leader of the North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) and the FKJGP, attended the meeting. Kiang Nangbah died at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
At present, the price of urea is T.242 per 45 kg of urea (excluding neem fee and tax), while the actual price is about T.2
This incident occurred after the arrest of a man named Mebanrilang Syiem Shangoi on 31st June 2023 by the Nongstoiñ Police Station on suspicion of rape. one child from one of the villages in West Khasi Hills.
The Minister said that the amendment to the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act 2014 was passed in the House in 2021 by amending section 3, by substituting the word “and” for “or” in clause (a) of sub-section. 2.
However, the Government has rejected the participation of the Chairman and General Secretary.
Gopal Gurung, ABC Anil Kr.
“I would like to inform here that as we have decided to meet with the Nongsynshar Shnongs in this country, in these few days we have had the opportunity to meet with many Unions of Nongsynshar Shnongs and it is interesting to inform you that All the meetings were successful because of their willingness to cooperate and support this Revolution to bring to us the State strong laws so that we can govern ourselves according to our Khasi identity. "No," said Mr. Ardent.
Yesterday, the General Secretary of the UDP issued a statement to remove the Minister of Electricity for his inability to manage the electricity sector.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has selected four boxers to represent the state in the 6th Elite Women National Boxing Championship which started on 20th November 2022 and will end on 26th November 2022 in Nongbah. Bhopal, Central Pradesh.
It is worth remembering that in 1874, the British Government issued a public proclamation on 6th June and 12th July that Assam was separated from Bengal and created a new Province, the Assam Province under the responsibility of the Chief Commissioner as head.
“I send my condolences to the family, the people of Sohiong constituency and the State at this time and I pray that God will rest them all and that the remains of Bah Don will be safe. go in peace".
Therefore, God is still waiting and inviting all mankind to receive His Son, Jesus Christ, to come to the table of peace with the Son of God, to take part in that time of reign. and the 1000-year reign of Jesus Christ here on earth.
“We have issues but to resolve them, it is not on the streets but at the table,” said Bah Sniawbha.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 17: Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA) on Thursday took to the streets to hold a rally to protest against the State Government's decision on the demands including the increase of the wage.
However, remember one thing as people who have become enlightened, by carefully examining the news and those who mislead us, we should not be foolish and stupid because as has happened in the past, the end will always be disaster.
God blessed his descendants to be as numerous as the sand on the seashore.
To become an engineer, you must pass BE, B.Tech, etc. To become a doctor, you must first pass Doctor.
Collagen production: Vitamin C in soy helps to produce collagen.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The District Council Affairs (DCA) on Tuesday announced that the seats of seven MDCs have become vacant after the resignation of seven MDCs.
Within 72 hours of the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct in the state, the district authorities have issued orders and prohibitions and have deployed Flying Squads in all Assembly constituencies. .
He died on the cross to take away the sins of many (all the people of the world).
She said that she has tried to investigate how the T.28 crore was spent in the department but she has not received any information. I said that the CEM has appointed me.
They decided to suspend after receiving a letter from the Joint Secretary of MeECL, Bah D Warjri on Tuesday, which was approved by the Board of Directors meeting on 7th November.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 6: The receipt of an X-Ray and Ultrasound Machine by Lumshnong PHC is good news in the history of the health department in Meghalaya. to the District Mineral Funding Trust (DMFT).
Sports is very important for a person's life and it will also help him to become smart and strong,” he said.
There was no incident and the meeting went smoothly.
" (Then advise me how to do it).
Later, Kong Kurbah said that the government will ensure that those involved in this case will not escape from the hands of the law.
• We urge those in power in the State and Central to stop the bloodshed by taking steps of truth, justice, trust and peace.
Bengaluru: The company that produces Parle will lay off 10,000 of its employees after sales of the biscuit fell sharply, the company said in a statement.
To date, these measures have helped about 13 lakh farmers to improve their income.
However, this human right will be taken away from us if the Rangbah who have been elected to be in this holy dorbar are stingy and turn only to selfish pursuits.
Speaking to media after the opening of the training, Fr.Michael said that the students who attended the training have benefited and expressed their desire. to conduct more such trainings in the coming days.
You who praise, praise, you who speak evil, do not speak evil.
Bah Marbaniang also thanked the leaders of the Club for their hard work in this regard.
However, curiously, the police claimed that the IED was not powerful.
Shillong: Leaders of the Assam Gana Parishad (AGP) have arrived from Assam to meet the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma at his residence in Tura to discuss the issue. Oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
In Nagaland, nine new cases have been confirmed today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
However, nothing has been seen for 10 months,” said Dr. Ricky in a letter to the Chief Minister.
The SDS workers held a protest on 5th November by marching from Madan Malki to the office of the DHS Laitumkhrah to demand that the government should review the final draft of the Rationalization of the SDS. employees because there is no calculation of salaries of employees according to this new arrangement.
He also explained the need for legal services, especially for the public to know more about the schemes under NALSA and the benefits they get from it.
“These pyrjong skins are strong and have a very strong bih.
Patna: The Bihar government has written to the Indian government to remove some of the provisions of the National Population Register (NPR) form, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said in reply to a report. The State Legislative Assembly today.
After the clash between the police and the crowd cooled down, the reporter walked around the area and saw stones on the highway thrown by the crowd at the police. , and then it was seen that the police had shot at the crowd and three motorcycles were lying lyngkrang in the middle of the road at the nearby traffic police station. you are the mother of King.
However, their stupidity has been revealed by the fact that they have elected RG Momin who is an independent candidate and does not even speak Khasi.
Regarding the online classes, the EJNC also demanded that the government should provide networks to all the rural villages in East Jaintia Hills as many children have been affected in their education.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and both sides struggled to score, but many chances were missed.
It was found that this work is also lacking in quality, is slow and slow, the use of materials is not according to the plan and estimates of the Block.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) on July 9 announced two more candidates for the 2023 elections.
Nongpoh: Members of three Sengbalang groups in Jirang, including the HNYF, RBSU and HYC, have seized two Mahindra Pick-up vehicles in Jirang at 10 pm this morning. They were planning to smuggle cows from Pahamshru, which are also cows from Assam.
The JBB&FA also demanded that the government should employ such players who have brought glory to the state, but if the government does not have any responsibility for the players, the state will become like a way to discourage them.
Since then, the Foreign Government has established various grounds for surveying and defining the boundary.
The Sordar of Raid Tynring, Raid Tynring, has clarified to the public regarding the allegation against him, regarding the alleged collection of T.300 tyngka per household. Many of the residents of the village have come to take it from Bah Marshall Nongrum, Treasurer but there are some who have opposed and have not come to take it anymore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya today convened a meeting with RBI officials, banks and post offices to discuss the receipt of funds by banks in the state and also the supply of funds. to the people of this state.
He said that due to the lack of employment, it has affected the youth.
Therefore, the Union strongly urges all our brothers and sisters to refrain from such acts which are against the morality, dignity and humanity.
Prestone said the government will announce in the next few days, once the land has been identified for the vendors, to alleviate the problems of the visitors and to allow people to that they may earn a living.
The semi final will be played on Saturday (12th) between Mukhla Raij vs Mulang Ïalong at 1 pm and Dulong vs Demthring at 3:30 pm.
The Village Leaders wanted to clarify to the public especially to the residents that there has been no such distribution of foodgrains by the Seng in the Village and at the same time they warned the Seng that from now on If it is not true, if they want to do any work in the village, they should inform the Waheh Shnong of the village.
Khubleirangbah purningstar, it is very sad to know that in this patriotic song, the words have been used.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of commercial vehicles in Shillong said that they will have another meeting tomorrow with the DTO to discuss this issue.
The three arrested persons are Hamidul Ahmed and Shajahal Ali of Nalbari.
The KHADC has taken the assistance of the state government and the police who are present and this has been discussed with the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs and also. and the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills and this raid will continue in the coming days, as the government is now in short supply of police as they are preparing for the arrival of the President of the country. India on Sunday.
It was observed that from Lai-mer, students of upper Shillong have to get out of their vehicles and walk to the city;  Some of them are in a hurry to write examinations and some are in a hurry to go to their schools.
We will not allow the BJP to lose this position,” Narayanaswamy said.
They are angry.
He said that Rajiv Gandhi as Prime Minister, when he introduced the 73rd Amendment to implement the Panchayats, at that time Rajiv Gandhi said that the North East There is no need for a Panchayat because there are other laws to protect it.
', said Mr. Shangpliang.
He added that the Omicron virus is less affected, as we have seen reports from other states, but we cannot take sting because there are severe cases.
“I announce that Lumshyiap is the first rural village in Meghalaya to have water supply to every household,” said the Minister of PHE, Bah Samlin Malngiang who was the chief guest on the occasion. .
“The attack on the residents is not only once, but it happens every time because the Assam police don't push the Meghalaya government even a little bit because of the lack of power,” he said. repeat.
This came after members of the union led by President Bah Alvin K.Sawkmie who is also the MDC of the area, met with the Minister at his office at the Secretariat.
A special committee known as the Anti-Ragging Committee of the college has conducted an investigation and the Municipal Commissioner Abhijit Bhangar has taken the necessary action after a thorough investigation based on the report, the statement said.
Special prizes were also awarded at the end of the event.
The government should have decided how to prepare a detailed project report before the expiry of the dam. If the dam collapses, who will be responsible? The whole state will be in darkness, the state court will cut off the death toll from Bhoi and Assam.
It also aims to open the door to understanding the identity of the region.
Many decisions were announced at the meeting, and one of the decisions was to ban the sale of kyiad in the market, including from kyiad pyrsi vendors to restaurants. the idol in the name of the dead, momo; but inside it was a terrible city.
These two reports show that Meghalaya is in crisis.
Shillong, November 2022: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) Research Cell on Tuesday held a writing competition “Ease and Grammar Khasi” for students at school and college level.
“On the other hand, Bah Renikton said there is no difference between the HSPDP and the UDP as they are Regional Parties.
Out of the 60 constituencies, Mawlai Constituency has the highest number of voters with 50,058 voters including 23,114 males and 26,914 females.
Shillong, November 28: The Trinamool Congress (TNC) today elected Mawkordor for the Mawphlang Constituency.
However, we the VPP are a new party, we have new faces and new ways of thinking with strong foundations,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Shillong, July 24: The Congress leaders in the state have alleged that the state government has banned the visit of Rahul Gandhi to USTM in Ri-bhoi after being pressured by him. one from Assam and one from Delhi.
On the other hand, Charaideo District Police under the leadership of SP of Charaideo together with Sapekhati COB of 244 Fd.
“They volunteered without the knowledge of the party.
Rangdajied United FC owner Eugeneson Lyngdoh has announced that a Free Football Tournament will be held next year to encourage youngsters to play football. Coaching Camp at Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District.
He said the construction of the road to the Heritage Village has not yet started.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84188 and out of these 82435 have recovered and 1467 have died.
They also gave explanations on the competitive examinations like UPSC, MPSC, SSC and others.
Shillong: The Government of India has declared Covid-19 under the status of “Disaster” for the purpose of providing assistance through the State Disaster Response Fund to the victims of Covid-1 , those undergoing treatment for Covid-19, the cost of equipment used to fight Covid-1
He also urged the Minister to take action to install an ambulance at the PHC at Khrang in Khadar Shnong.
Allow me to complete the verification and after that, I will be able to confirm the presence of these families,” he said.
He said that even the hills above the area where the trees are planted, which have been owned by the Assam government and the Assam government has already built a road belonging to the village. Lapangap, but they hope that these Karbi workplaces will fall under Meghalaya once the border between Meghalaya and Assam is resolved, because the documents are complete, he said. Good luck.
The body of the deceased was taken to Nongpoh for post mortem.
“If we want a fair trial, any investigation team should be a private team,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
As soon as Kong Agnes left the jail gate, the women gathered to hug her with gifts and flowers as a sign of welcome and condolence after she was released from jail after her stay. about nine days from the 8th.
After this, Mookyrdup won the tie breaker 6-5 goals.
We have prepared ourselves, gathered the necessary documents, all the necessary equipment and we have prepared ourselves so that if anything happens we will flee,” he said.
He said the government has talked about other laws like the Foreigner Act, the Tenancy Act but these cannot be controlled and the most important thing is the ILP. Earlier, the High Level Committee headed by Bah Bindo M Lanong had many Congress MLAs and CEMs of the three Autonomous District Councils in the committee. ILP. “The reason given by the Prime Minister is only a ploy to delay and the KSU cannot continue to raise this issue which is very important to protect the nation,” said the president of the KSU. Mukul's statement on the manifesto means that the government cannot do anything that is not in the manifesto.
Only for the sake of economic development and to get adequate roads, the people themselves have decided to welcome the military base, because they have paved the way through the military base, the The area will be like other places, by showing the example of the presence of a military base near Umtyrnga village and on the Assam side, because this area is sufficient for development only from the presence of troops in the area, they said.
ai has expanded its operations in Meghalaya by setting up a workplace for 400 employees in this beautiful and world-class building at Shillong Technology Park.
Titos said there is no politics in working in the Council because they want to show what they can do.
In parts of the village, there is a jri bridge which is built on the rock to allow the people to walk, there is a lykong river, which looks like a nohkali kai stream which can be seen overlooking the lynder river. the bridge to pass through the fields.
As a sign of celebration, a cake was cut for the 48th Anniversary of the President and the 15th Anniversary of the party.
All the winners in each category received a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka. The winners including men and women received T.20,000, the runners-up T.5000 and the total prize money was T.1,30,0 /-.
After the start of the classes, they were only in the evening and most of those who attended were those who continued their studies after a short break or most of those who had children. kti only those who want to go back to school.
In his welcome speech, Fr.Jose Vettathe, Rector of the college, said that through this drama, it will bring to the audience a sense of the message and miracles that Jesus has done.
Immediately inform MeECL employees and the Electoral Inspector.
Schools that have been allowed to open should be encouraged to follow the SOPs issued by the State/UT Education Departments. A decision may be taken on the timing of the opening of colleges/Higher Education Institutions, in consultation with the MHA, based on a monthly review of the situation.
He said that from time to time it has been seen that the lives of people have been lost and the youth have been shed their blood.
Shillong, June 30: It is an incident that has been seen only in TV movies, that a bullet that has been shot turns back once again to the shooter.
In the list of accessibility, Punjab scored the highest score of 62.92, while Delhi came second in terms of accessibility with a score of
The number of samples tested positive is 97,550, 94418 negative, 216 results pending and 15 deaths including one death. This morning in West Khasi Hills District.
“Up to 7,514 dogs were slaughtered in South Delhi last year,” said Mukesh Yadav, Director PR and Information, SDMC. and the Humane Society of India to assist in the sterilization of dogs.
He also spoke about God's special love according to the first reading from the Book of Wisdom, where he says that God does not punish His children even after they have transgressed His commandments. of him though he was the most powerful of all.
Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP), All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), Indian National Congress, Voice of the People's Party (VPP), People's Democratic Front (PDF) and Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) met at The meeting ended with a discussion on how to form a national government without the NPP and BJP. They met at the residence of former Minister of State and UDP MLA from Amlarem, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
For example, in 6-Khliehriat, the number of voters is 11467, while in 11-Saipung MDC constituency, there are only 3,809 votes and in 12-Sumer, there are only 4,576 votes.
Tura, Lber 31 : The residents of Resubelpara Block, North Garo Hills, have blocked the office of the BDO and shouted slogans alleging that it has reduced the payment date of the Job Cards. Holder under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Scheme (MGNREGS).
The kpoh form the kur and in order not to affect the rangbah of the kpoh, they are followed by the “Knii Rangbah” who are elected by the kpoh within the kur.
“Through the right guidance and support, we can make a difference in children.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Sengbhalang of Jaintia Hills District has announced an indefinite night curfew in Jaintia Hills, after the government has not submitted a report on the incident at Mookhep which has been scheduled for nine days. days earlier.
The statement said that if the peace negotiator is arrested or imprisoned, how can those involved trust the government in the peace talks?
“As there are only a few days left until the Independence Day, information should be provided about the Flag Code of India so that this program will be a success and there will be no violation of the rules. ," she said.
Hek said that so far 11,475 samples have been sent for testing, 11,009 have been negative, 39 cases have been confirmed, one has died and 12 have died. Twenty-two cases have been recovered and 430 cases are pending.
“The complaint has already been lodged, therefore I urge the authorities from both the states to take immediate steps to track down and punish the perpetrators and bring them to justice.
Jim Dkhar 20.
This means that the MLP and the Infiltration Branch have nothing to do with this issue.
In Manipur, 10 new cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The Assam and Meghalaya governments have not yet handed over the case to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for investigation into the Mukroh shooting, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma. .
The Cash Award Scheme is to recognize the winners of domestic and international tournaments and to support the players to perform well in the big tournaments. .
Nongpoh, Nailar 20: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) on Tuesday shut down a Jri rice factory at Mawsmai village in Khanapara district. The inspection revealed that the company does not have any permit to operate the factory which is owned by a foreigner.
Avoid vehicles, bicycles that can be hit by the white leopard.
Shining Star Myrchiang of Nongtalang United FC won the Best Goal Keeper title and Fleming Lyngdoh of Nongtalang United FC won the Emerging Player title. Dedychynnam Pohsnem of Nongtalang Khlachympa B won the Player of Tournament title and the Best Discipline Team was won by Nongtalang Shnong-thymmai United FC.
Below are some of the bad habits that affect your bone health.
After 5 months I received a message from the factory “No repair.
“If you ask him, he agrees that our students have to pay a high tuition fee.
About 250 farmers attended the program and there were questions and answers from farmers and experts regarding the production, maintenance and improvement of products and services. plants that fall into the category of soh.
Marshal Pariat scored 46 runs (6×4 and 3×6), Dauru Lato scored 37 runs (6×4 and 2×6). lost 2 wickets in 4 Overs.
Shillong, July 20 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne on Monday announced that he will send an internal inquiry regarding the failure to send The Council shall submit the accounts to the Office of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India.
Jr.
In the second half, Rympei Pip opened the scoring for Friends Utd through Marshal Kurkalang (42) who didn't miss a chance.
It is learned that the land was allocated by the Bangladesh government to the slasha farm, where the Khasi have been living for decades.
The word Thoh is broad and broad in meaning and does not mean just a word that refers to what is written with a pen on a book.
The villages of Rtiang Sanphaw, Mookoiram, Myni, Stonglapar, Lakaroi, Nongjrong and Tahpat are already in Meghalaya.
If this is the case, it shows that Himanta Biswa Sarma's statement is a lie, while Conrad Kongal Sangma thinks he is right.
He said how the people of Bihar get a share in Meghalaya.
Dr. Mukul Sangma also accused the political parties of not taking action to prevent the illegal entry of mynder. illegal activities of civil society organizations destroying government property.
The hospital has qualified doctors including Dr. Dameshwa Paslein as Resident Medical Officer (RMO), Dr. Da-ewan Najiar and Dr. B. Simon as Superintendent. a neurologist and 4 staff nurses besides a pharmacist, lab technician and other staff.
“This action of the state government is only a public misleading and the Prime Minister himself has said that there is no implementation of the roster but the roster is the roster”.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The State Government has decided to increase the contingency fund from T.105 crore to T.205 crore per annum.
“Mahatma Gandhi also took to the streets for the independence of India.
Why don't you try to join the religion that Jesus Himself empowered Peter to establish?
We were able to launch CoWIN on schedule and now everyone is seeing the benefits of this country-specific digital platform that has changed from time to time according to emerging needs.
You don't have a shit head and you're an ex rev.
Today, we are full of pride because we are the largest democratic civilization in the world.
Prestone said the Cabinet meeting today decided to increase the fare of goods vehicles and heavy vehicles such as commercial buses. The price has been increased to T1.80/- per kilometre.
The Australian Open champion was able to beat Sherif by one set and failed to break her target.
Prisoners receive breakfast and lunch between 9 and 10 am and are inside their cells from 11 am to 3 pm and after that, they are allowed to walk around until 7 pm. evening and were given dinner, after that time.
Shillong, July 23: The KSU South Central East Circle, Pynur Sla will hold the awarding ceremony of the Khan Rngiew Award 2013 to those students of North East District who have passed well in the examinations. different.
Those who want and seek benefit, sit quietly like hunters.
Today's match will be for the second place.
They said that the production of biscuits may be less than this year, as it has not grown as well as in other years.
While we are moving towards that goal of glory and fame, dear young people, I would like to suggest that in that journey they should look at the example of the tree whose bones strengthen the tree on the ground and that branch that is strong.
On the other hand, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Minister of Hima and MDC of the area, said that it was held in 2013 and 2016 but it has stopped.
Afghan officials are currently holding talks with the Taliban in Doha, Qatar, to bring about peace between the two sides.
Besides, now that the markets, schools, churches, village fetes have opened, and the Christmas and New Year season is approaching, it is very important to get vaccinated against Covid-1 -19 vaccination to prevent the spread of Covid-19 and to prevent the re-imposition of Lockdown in the District.
At the same time, the HPC has urged the government to allow them to build their houses in the area where they are now and it is their duty to keep this area clean and beautiful, because the orders of various courts have spoken against the robbery of the poor.
Shillong: The staff of the Riangdo PHC today conducted a random test by the Rapid Antigen Test at Malangkona village. .
i support you bah A.Nongrum ,God be with you ,put God first ,It is easier to see at this time to see how this is a true leader who is brave and spiritual (Bah Adelbert Nongrum) i I am a leader who doesn't want to lose my job but I want the truth and I work and I talk about the issue of the future of the nation. I wish you a healthy body and a victory and God bless you and your family...hopefully the people of constituency to give him another glorious victory so that the country and the nation will be happy and see the hope we have.
To conduct career guidance workshops for youth.
As is the case in Manipur now, youths from other states have had to leave early to return home and the loss is for them.
C.Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, hopes that through this project, the farmers will be able to develop and improve their agriculture for the production of quality products. more for marketing and export and to be able to meet the demand accordingly.
Ferguson handed him the 7 jersey worn by United stars including George Best, Bryan Robson, Eric Cantona and David Beckham.
“The State Government has invited a tender through the Department of Food & Civil Supply for those who wish to supply sugarcane to the Government for the year 2016, on 26th October and three groups have applied. Beta Edibles Processing Private Limited bid T.54270 per tonne at T.54.27 per kg and Doctor Frozen Food India Private Limited bid T.55050 per tonne at T. /- per kilogram and SS Food Industries which has deposited T.56210 per kilogram and that is T.56.21/- per kilogram,” said James K Sangma.
As the Khasi and Garo people, they have been demanding this for many decades, the demand is from the civil society, the Khasi Author Society and others. The MDA government has agreed in the House to demand from the central government and this remains with the central government.
Russia is also not a member of this group and ranks 5th through spending around $3.4B on these activities per year.
There are 591 persons with disabilities in Mawshynrut Block including 326 women and 267 men.
In this election, these two parties won from 30 constituencies.
You can't just go to school and be straight without thinking far ahead.
As the UN has not received or collected any funds for this purpose, it is said that these refugees will face difficulties and may have to stay from next June.
Shillong, June 01: The Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015) has been in force for more than six months since it was passed by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. The party has not yet announced the mid-term MDC elections even after seven MDCs have resigned.
Pastor Basaiawmoit is a retired Pastor of the Presbyterian Church, while Pastor Pyrtuh is still serving in the Synod.
He said the Sohra and Mairang civil sub-divisions are the oldest in the state and deserve to be upgraded.
These measures have increased the electricity supply in rural areas from 12 hours in 2015 to 22.5 hours in 2015, while in urban areas now 23.5 hours. electrical boarding.
The players who have not been prepared are Mrinal Das, Wankitlang Nongpluh, Abhishek Kumar and Kush Agarwal. , Emidao Dhar (physio), Wonderful Pakyntein (manager).
This action of the JMB and the Ladthadlaboh Village Authority has threatened the water supply as there is a stream near this area which flows into Wah Myntdu.
Although there were three guest professionals, it was the players from Meghalaya who stood out in this tournament.
“We will not go to the Secretariat, as invited by the Prime Minister, but she should come here, because if she cannot go to SSKM, to apologize for her speech, then she should also come to Nil Ratan Sircar. Medical College and Hospital and to apologize for her remarks,” said Arindam Dutta, spokesperson for the protesting doctors.
Hopefully we will dream with John and realize the new heavens and the new earth (Revelation 21:1). for this time? Or will the plague make them wise and great? Time will tell how great and intelligent the rulers of the State are and while we are waiting for that time, let us pray-Oh God Lord “protect and heal us from the spiritual crisis so that we can revive again. we are from the destruction of the plague"Amen.
Dear friends in the Lord Jesus, Pharaoh in the form of Satan does not want us to grow and prosper.
Shillong: Mawpat FC on Saturday beat Umlyngka FC 2-0 in the 3rd Division of the SSA at Polo Ground.
Members of the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) and more than 200 residents of Khanduli village have marched peacefully to the two leading offices in Jowai, the DC office, Jowai and the office of the JHADC. due to the failure of the district administration and police department of West Jaintia Hills District.
The meeting will also include the sharing of reports on their activities after the decisions taken at the last meeting and the approval of the Draft Annual Plan of NEC, 2016- 17 by the Council.
Of these, 93 cases were reported from East Khasi Hills, 76 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 5 cases from Ri Bhoi, 4 cases from West Garo Hills, 3 cases from North Garo Hills and 3 cases from South West. There are 2 cases in Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in South West Garo Hills. new cases have been confirmed in the state.
In the first leg, Siangkhnai FC beat Nangbah Mulang SC 3-0 in the first leg.
“If you look at the development of this constituency, it still needs a lot of water supply, whether it is water supply or not because this constituency which is said to be a nation does not have a water treatment plant or a water treatment plant. they look forward to clean drinking water.
Government employment can be said to be the goal of every household, especially those with low income who are unable to start their own businesses and this is the only way they see it. It is in this regard that thieves and fraudsters take advantage of the poverty of such families and this The deception of many families by fraudsters promising government jobs is no longer new but has happened from time to time.
In this regard, Bah Vigyan Kharkongor, President of RBYF Byrnihat Circle, said that as an organization, which looks after the welfare and development of the district, we cannot just look after the youth. Everest Mannar, who has reached the Grand Final of the Meghalaya Super Star 2016, has been awarded the title of 2016.
It was after receiving the order that Singh announced that he would not contest from Asansol.
On the 23rd of this month, a case was registered at Tura Women Police Station under Section 3/4/5/6/7 of the Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act
Police have immediately informed the Crime Scene Unit (CSU), Shillong.
This is the point I mean".
The Excise Department was appointed by the Prime Minister, Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
He was taken by helicopter from Delhi to Green Hills Private Hospital in Silchar.
Through determination and collective action, the Government aims to build strong and self-reliant communities that will play a role in the country’s progress.
The question we often hear is, 'Where will our children go?' The answer is that our children will suffer more and more because of our own sins! One The junior government employee, who was only a little above the peon, was shocked that some of the people were calling him to contest the election from their village.
“The statement by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that the government has enacted a law on Rangbah Shnongs shows that there is an intention to destroy the District Councils and it is strongly suspected that there is something behind this,” he said. Mr. Nongroom.
There was a football match between the team and the village of Kynshi Mawria under the title “Play with a purpose: Christmas Charity Match” and also Christmas songs and celebrations in the grounds of the school.
Things that already exist give us a sense of satisfactionῆ and comfort.
The Governor listened to the speeches of the members of MEPA led by its President RM Shabong and General Secretary Phillip Marwein.
Thus, a diengkot is a lynter tree that measures from end to end of the tree as it is used.
The UDP has nominated Bah Morningstar Tympuin for this election.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The BJP leader in Tura, MDC Bernard Marak on Tuesday said that the party has urged all the party workers from different villages to form the committees in all gram sevak circles to monitor the implementation of central government schemes.
Because the scientists of the world believe that man is transformed into a Shrieh.
Because we don't have the number, we decided to go and support the government led by the NPP,” he said.
I have the full name of ss.
The team will be led by Tyngshaiñlang Kharlyngdoh as Head Coach and Franky Kharumnuid as Team Manager.
According to the evidence sent by him, Vivek and his wife had legal assets or loans worth Rs 41.5 crore.
There are 2,104 confirmed cases and 1,329 deaths.
“There is a need to inform the AICC but it takes time for the party to do what is necessary,” he said.
Jowai, March 11: The Halfway Home, Sabah Muswang, Jowai today celebrated the World Mental Health Day under the theme “ Mental Health is a Universal human right”.
Mawsynram Branch, which is a very important part of the branch according to the wishes of the people of Nongkynshew Pisa.
And when I didn't understand, I just accused him of being stupid.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 28: The Hima Nonglang under the leadership of Secretary Babu Birbor Riangtem and Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday visited Malchapara village and held a meeting with the Hima Nonglang. Speaking to reporters, Babu Birbor Riangtem, Secretary Hima Nonglang Sirdarship, said that the MDA Government led by Conrad Sangma has forcibly introduced a MOU in Assam. The Syiem of Nonglang Hima and the HYC WKHD have lodged a complaint with the DC of West Khasi Hills District. Hills.
This was announced by Standbyme Sari, Waheh Sari of the Waheh Sankur who leads the Sari Kur.
However, this January, 2023 by the 17th, the water level has dropped to 3,164 feet; which means the water level has dropped to around 56 feet from 3,220 feet.
Among those who resigned was Vivek Tankha, who resigned as Chairman for Law and RTI Cell.
As it turns out, the countries of the world have declined, the kings, the rulers, the leaders are struggling to find peaceful ways and means but there is no peace, the political thinkers, the political scientists. scientists) strive to find better, righteous and strong ways of rule, but there is no hope until the time comes when man of sin will rule by 1290 days.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Renikton expressed his satisfaction that a young man who used to lead the nation through the HYC has joined the UDP which is strengthening the party.
Out of the nine states of the North East, we have never seen a daily conflict between Assam and Meghalaya and in every conflict, we have seen that The people are the victims and apart from the people, no one else helps and protects them and the surprising thing is that the police, the magistrates, do not fight at all, even once to show force, on this. the violence of the villagers.
“The services of this bank have been too difficult, the electricity is not sufficient, and most importantly the lack of network which has slightly hampered the operation,” said a statement from the bank. organization.
He said that it is necessary to hold such events to develop the players in this shooting.
Referring to the fire safety audit for houses and other buildings, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “This is also part of the discussion at the meeting.
Thus God calls this city Jerusalem “A cup of wine, and a stone of stumbling to the nations of the earth.
Dr. Nonglait said that KAS has also selected seven scholars and researchers to prepare a collection of books on the Khasi language related to Drama, Literature, Arts, Music and others.
He said that many government employees have raised many issues for them and as the leader of this area he has struggled to find solutions to these problems. all to bring benefits for the future of the people.
Speakers included DCPO (ICDS) Khliehriat, Crisomy Pale, Waheh Shong Sutnga, Bah E. Sutnga and others. Iainehskhem Bareh, who is visually impaired, was pleased to learn that the song he sang was his own song. The program was conducted by Melody War.
Appreciate love in life:–– If it weren't for love, there would be no respect, no self-esteem which means there would be no life.
Dr. Basaiawmoit said that NES, AIR Shillong, in collaboration with Bansara Eye Hospital, also conducted a free eye treatment on that day.
Of Chemistry).
In addition to training, refresher training courses are needed for teachers as teaching has its expiry date.
Shillong, November 18: U John Lanong, a famous magician from Shillong, will perform a public magic show for 10 hours at Khyndailad on the 22nd of this month from 10 am to 8 pm.
The meeting was attended by T. Lyngwa, IAS, District Election Officer, MCS, LT Tariang, Assistant Returning Officer (ARO), South West Khasi Hills District and others.
The question arises whether in the past four years, the ILP has remained in the cupboards in Delhi,” said KHNAM in a statement sent by Vice President Thomas Passah.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government has no authority to decide on the National Register of Citizens (NRC) but it is up to the central government to decide.
“In fact, initially, we had planned to set up an Eele Phant Reserve of up to 1000 km in West Khasi Hills Nonghyllam area, but after not getting land for the people, it has become difficult and now we have only 205 km. “It is not yet a final decision and the Forest Department will go and talk to the people of the area before taking a final decision,” he said.
The new cases include EJH: 2, EKH: 129, NGH: 1, RBD: 20, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 5, WGH: 4, WJH: 18 and WKH:
Berman won the title of 'Rang ialeh ba Kynsai' in this tournament.
Neither the Government nor MeECL has explained to the public how the loan will be paid along with the interest to ADB for the project.
Some have clashed between the people and the local authorities.
Timothy D. Shira, Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Sohra, Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Amlarem, Sanjay Sangma, MLA Dadeng. Gavin Mylliem, MLA from Pynur Sla, Sengchim N. Sangma, MLA from Chok Pot, Methodius Dkhar, MLA from Raksamgre, Methodius Dkhar, MLA from Ranikor, Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA from Ranikor. Jim M. Sangma, MLA from Rongjeng, Ian Botham K. Sangma, MLA from Jengjal and Brening A. Sangma, MLA from Dalu.
Furthermore, on the issue of Deborah Marak; Dr. DD Lapang, President of the MPCC, said, “No one is above the law, let the law go its own way, we cannot mushlia”.
According to sources, the corrupt officer, who should have been in jail, has not been arrested at all, but is now undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong, after he complained that he had been arrested. there is no strength in the body.
Former Spain and Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has been appointed PSG coach this month after the club sacked Christophe Galtier.
Therefore, the TMC leaders urged the people of Jirang to give their full support to the TMC and to win the 2023 elections from Jirang Constituency. , so that the Jirang Constituency will receive many developments.
“If the term of office of the State Legislative Assemblies should be shortened or extended, then there needs to be an amendment to the Constitution and then there is a problem on the availability of VVPATs to be used in the State Legislative Assemblies. “The whole country at the same time,” said Rawat.
People can accuse a lot of things but after talking to our fans, we have taken the right decision," said Mr. Gavin.
Other polling days will be on 7th November, 12th, 16th and 20th November.
He said that it is now possible to open bank accounts and also to get the services that should be available from the banks in the village through the CSC.
The protest started in 1993, when Bah Jngun Khongmawloh Bah Binud Tangsong led 25 households to cause many problems which also led to the rise of white households.
On the other hand, Robert Pale said that he tried to protect the youths from the bomb but due to the large number of people he could not do anything.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Andrew A.Jyrwa, Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah Dorbar Shnong Pyllun, said that after the spread of the photograph, many people have phoned him to ask how and what the Dorbar Shnong has to say about this.
In Catholic Christianity, a husband cannot be divorced once married.
He said he had been informed that the Garo Hydro Electric Power Project has not been completed and cannot be implemented but it has been reopened.
The Seng Khasi Kmie invites all the dancers of the Khasi religion to come and take part in this Shad Suk Mynsiem 2019 in their full costumes.
Nongpoh, March 09: The Garo people living in Pillangkata and Maikhuli areas, have been angry over the proposed border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam government officials. They went to inform them that they intend to transfer to Assam those lands in the area.
Acts 1:9
The CEO said that after receiving the complaint, the Media Certification Monitor Committee will look into those forms of media from their explanations.
He said that for the year 2017-18, the government has already allocated funds to purchase M-Tabs for distribution to students so that there will be no interruption in the distribution of tablets to students. that young.
Wansuk said Kishore is a native of Araku Valley in Andhra Pradesh.
that Israel needed the Temple.
Speaking on the sying farming in Ri Bhoi, many farmers work hard to support their families by farming sying and sometimes the sying farmers are affected by the decline in the price of sying. Sometimes they have to sell at a high price so that foreign traders take advantage of the farmers.
Finally, on this name of our village, we express our strong opposition to how the law enforcement agencies have accepted this without having sufficient evidence to prove that he is from our village. Pamrapaithlu, and what is shocking and sad to us is that even the law enforcement agencies have not asked the Waheh Shnong for a single word to verify.
The Under-16 Boys Football League 2023-24 will resume today, with the first match between Lumshyiap SC and Upper Shillong Colt (9:30 pm). Umphyrnai SC vs Umpling SC (11 pm), followed by Merinda FC vs Lah Bet SC and finally Rangdajied United FC vs Mawpat SC. Shillong, July 09: The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri today burnt down Donmusa at the SSA Stadium before the opening of the 5th Meghalaya Games. Tura, West Garo Hills, where the Games will be held from 15-20 July
Ma Lucky Star Manner explained that whether it is only for those who are under 50 people who came out on 12th November 2022 it will affect all the residents.
There they worked on this statue and it was said that God was not pleased with their plan to build this statue to reach heaven, so while they were working God made a mistake. There is no language among those people who work in such a way that they can no longer understand each other to speak, so it has surprised these people when they don't understand even to ask for things. , so when they could no longer understand how to speak, they stopped at that time to build this tower, and they called it the Tower of Babel.
This might just be people talking about it.
Donald Diengdoh scored three goals 34', 36', 51' and Apborlang Kurbah 32' to lead Salaroh to the win.
Quality education: 12,000 per annum will be provided to the families of children studying in government schools, such as books and school supplies.
But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:
He came in after a few minutes and they ate together.
The Secretary of the JAC said that he wants the MoRTH to explain to the public through public announcements the purpose of the 2 lane road in Mawthabah.
Karnataka Governor has allowed BJP leader BS Yeddurappa to form a government in the state but has given him 15 days to present the number of people in the House. the news.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that the journey of the Church to this milestone is a blessing from God and He will bless the deeds and words in the long journey of growth.
Meghalaya's Lakhan Singh and Gurinder Singh took six wickets to keep Nagaland at 90/6
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government has proposed an allocation of T.30 crore for the construction of a veterinary hospital in Upper Shillong.
Forty policemen have been confirmed positive for the virus in Malegaon, Maharashtra.
There are also those who do not even get food because of the loss of vehicles.
Looking at the condition of land in the state, the cleanliness is very low especially in the cities except for the stai.
The election will be held on the same day as Nagaland.
“Activities in any form will not be allowed and the government will take strong action to bring those involved to justice,” said the statement.
He said that the states of the region have their own unique characteristics because the indigenous people have their own language. to promote the indigenous languages ​​but it is also a challenge for the students to have another compulsory subject.
Ltd, Shillong has ordered the Bye-Pass Company to remove the Maw Pud it has planted on private land at Thangshalai and Mawryngkneng. The Mawpud is no longer included in the construction of the Shillong-Bye Pass and is not included in the government's payment for the land.
They said that on the same day, they went to close down the factory while the authorities have not provided the documents.
In the awareness campaign organized by the Water and Sanitation Program of the World Bank, many countries like Thailand, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Uganda, Tanzania and states like Bihar, Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh Pravin Bakshi, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills who led the seminar.
The Assam government, with the assistance of the Assam Police and supporters, started the construction yesterday.
From this parable we understand that all of us human beings are the creative hand of God who does all these things for us.
“Therefore, it is incomprehensible that they have forgotten their time and just because they have worn a new jersey, they feel that the people will forget that they have not been able to do their jobs and provide services. “It is for this reason that the people have supported the change,” he added.
The statement said the incident in Haryana over the appointment of two teachers by the father and son of Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala and his son, a former education minister, are still in jail.
Conrad Sangma has also been the Finance Minister of Meghalaya and in 2018 he won the mid-term MLA election and is now the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
In Nongtalang in the past they used to do this 'Thangbu-halo', but in Nongtalang they used to call it by another name and that is 'Thangbhula'. This is done in the month of November.
We don't understand this law, in what way we can cooperate with the government, because only those vehicles parked along the highway and those vehicles parked inside the company are allowed by the government. (free).
Prof GG Swell strongly advocated that the State Government should intervene in the farmers' market and protect the farmers from exploitation and exploitation.
Banrishisha and Rebeldalis took one wicket each for SWKHDA. In reply, SWKHDA scored only 59 runs and lost one wicket in 17.4 overs.
Also, Bah J Pohtam (MACS) and Kong G Jyrwa explained about HIV and Aids and the dangers of alcohol and drug abuse.
“As we have found in this inspection, we have found that the government has not implemented the Interstate Migration Workmen Act, because what we have found is that foreigners can enter and work freely in the state even if they don't have “The government has not implemented the laws it has already passed to curb foreigners,” said F.Kharkamni.
According to Han Joon Lee, kenosis teaches us to share power, wealth, knowledge and especially in this age, science and technology for the development and good of all. .
The results will not be collected at the MBOSE office or at the examination centres, the Board said in a statement today.
The vaccine is very important and I appeal to all the members of the House to join hands to give this vaccine as well as the health workers to take the vaccine and we have learned to move forward. The number of vaccinated has now reached 8 lakh and 34% of those aged 18 years and above have already been vaccinated.
“Both these projects have been funded by the central government and in fact the museum should have been completed by 80% but surprisingly it has been buried underground. “It's because I've been working with TRI in this area,” said Bernard.
Shillong, July 20: The Child Friendly Society (BOSC) Shillong on Tuesday celebrated the World Day Against Child Labor at Mawlong Sumo Stand and Khyndai Lad, Police Bazar.
He has also been Chief Minister three times and has been in the Congress party for about 50 years.
“We feel that on our part, if others who come from abroad, the government can give and be happy, while for our own, it leaves them to starve and die,” he said. said Bah Donbok.
The CoMSO also announced that today, it will hold a rally from Motphran to the Governor's residence to force him to sign the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act 2016, which has been sent by the government.
Speaking at the 35th Anniversary of KJDSTA, Dr Laloo said that he had told the Prime Minister that he did not want to hold the post of Minister of Education because he wanted to cool himself but he did not. don't listen to this plea.
On the other hand, he said the government would complete all the requirements related to the agreement with the ANVC in the first month of November.
However, if the drinking water wells of dozens of villages and tens of thousands of residents run out of water, who will be responsible?
The two videos that have been circulating on social media in connection with the incident are false and not true.
Shillong: Ka Hima Mylliem today conducted a cleanliness drive which started at 8 pm and is still going on till 10:40 pm.
However, those who have fled to another church group and if they return, they will be treated like blood that has turned into blood to fall under their feet.
Bilal Ahmad, one of the residents of Lashkar Gah, said, “I am saddened to hear such an order and I appeal to everyone to allow us to live. , as we live all the time".
In the race for the ticket, Ronnie Lyngdoh has received the assistance of MPCC President DD Lapang and Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
This year, four candidates have contested the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ constituency, Diosstar Jyndiang of the HSPDP, Gabriel Wahlang of the Congress; Fenella L Nonglait, independent candidate, and Mosklander Marngar of the UDP. Tomorrow, the 24th of November, will be the day to announce the decision of the people of Nongstoiñ Constituency. Dear Hoping.
If you eat kajor every day it can benefit your vision, improve your immune system and be rich in fiber which can help with digestion.
In the past, we have seen that this disease has not spread as much in the state as it is now and only a few cases have been reported.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma today convened a meeting of Deputy Commissioners (DCs) through Video Conferencing to inquire about the damage caused by the cyclone and rain.
• Sanskrit should not be used in schools throughout India.
The order was issued after receiving a complaint from the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills requesting him to take immediate action to prevent such activities. The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has issued a warning to the Umiew River at Umiew Maw-U-Sam in Smit, EKH village.
“This is an insult by the traders and the Syiem of Mylliem should act immediately to free the farmers from this insult,” said the CSWO. CSWO will lodge a complaint with the relevant authority.
There were also pig farmers who said that it is useless to raise pigs in this way, because it is time to benefit and at that time they died suddenly and this has caused them a lot of loss. .
Education is also what I am passionate about and I really want to provide the best service possible.
Shillong, June 24: The Hynniewtrep Association of Iewduh, Mawkhaw, today was confirmed at a meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhaw.
He said that there are talks in these days with the Dalit India Chamber of Commerce and Industry, in order to strengthen the work of these minorities.
On the 16th and 17th November, the members of the Executive Committee of CCORMAU, will hold a strike.
Then King Mayralborn came with a lawyer who was a very wise woman.
Prestone said that there are still some families who are afraid to take the bodies of their relatives who have died of Covid 19, but he clarified that they are not. The bodies of those who have died of Covid 19 have been covered and spanned properly in the hospitals in a safe manner and have followed the precautionary measures laid down by the department. He said that when there is any death in the family, the relatives of those who died should inform the health department so that the team can take the necessary action and then The remaining bodies will be handed over to the relatives of the deceased.
Shillong, November 29: The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) has announced that it will send 57 Karate players to the Kanninjuku Training Camp-cum-National. Shoto Cup Karate Championship 2023, at Khandala, Maharashtra which started today (29th) and will end on 31st November
According to the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014, the Lokayukta shall appoint an Inquiry Wing headed by a Director of Inquiry to conduct investigations into corruption cases and punish government officials or government employees involved under the rules. of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
The establishment of the SWIC is on the directive of the Ministry of Public Works, Government of India.
The design is perfect and Kambel has developed the scientific power of his own mind that does not affect the environment.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 22: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District today held a meeting to discuss the intentions of all the candidates for the 36th Constituency. Therefore, I would like to hold a common platform for all the candidates who intend to contest the MLA Election 2023 to express their intentions to implement their manifesto.
This is the dream of King Nebuchadnezzar.
However, the most important thing is that we must understand that any Khasi race comes from the same flesh and blood.
“The party office bearers today decided to call a mass protest in Shillong and Tura to protest against the police's arrest of the BJP party office bearers. The protest will be held before Saturday,” he added.
On the other hand, HSPDP MDC Sherborlang Mawlong said that the HSPDP will not be able to elect Martle as CEM. Sherborlang said the party has proposed either Paul or Martle to take over the post of CEM. Sherborlang said that in the past few months, during his tenure as EM in the EC led by Teinwel, Titosster has done many things that are not pleasing to the MDCs. The UDA, however, has agreed, which has led to the collapse of the Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwel.
However, you will find that many times the people we elect to lead us the people show our strength.
Shillong, July 10: U MDC of Sohryngkham, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that he has not yet received a letter of suspension or expulsion from the HSPDP, although the party has announced that it will suspend or expel him from the party. he was suspended earlier.
The Urban Affairs and Municipal Administration Departments have been appointed by Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Zechariah 14:4–5.
BSF troops of 172 Bn BSF Meghalaya on Tuesday rescued 20 cows from the border areas of East Jaintia Hills while they were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh.
Anthony said it is surprising that after nine companies in Jaintia Hills have violated the Forest Conservation Act 1980, the Forest Department has issued this soskular to allow them. to buy the bag.
He is also a student who receives training from other coaches in Jaintia Hills.
However, our shops are full of shops but end up with a bottle of kwai and a few packets of cigarettes.
On the other hand, the ECC demands that the CTEs which have been offered in the past few months should be canceled and if they cannot be cancelled, the ECC will take another route at the same time. The Government in charge of this matter should not respond to this.
“I also hope that the meeting of the Regional Committees will be held this month so that the second phase of the demarcation talks can begin.
There is also a Pung Sum Hati before reaching the Iing Sad where the Bakhraw Batri who come from far away used to clean the hati.
Thun FC won the quarter final match against One Soul Utd (Pdengkarong) 3-1 by shot tie-breaker. The match ended 1-1
The one-year project has been implemented by MGIRI in two phases, Phase-1 and Phase-1
CORP President Bandari Ryntathiang said that during the meeting with the Deputy CEM, they discussed many issues related to this issue especially when the people of this area want to join Meghalaya. .
Kandon also fought the battle of Armageddon in one day.
Shillong: The Congress MLA from Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that it is not good to ignore the roster system, as it can affect others.
Nongpoh: Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Dr. DD Lapang, urged the people of the district not to hesitate to take the COVID-19 vaccine, but to Therefore, the public should be invited to take the vaccine to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Mawhati MDC said that the total damage has reached T.80 lakh.
Through this victory, Mawkhar now has the hope of not being relegated if it continues to win in the remaining matches.
Entry No.2: Heavy vehicles coming from Jowai area should park at Thlu Ummulong.
This is what we have discussed with the BJP leaders in Delhi and I have reminded Amit Shah of this and respected as leaders.
After completing the fourth class at LP School, they had to stop to go to the hills to graze cattle.
Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif today announced that she has tested positive for covid-19 and is currently staying at home.
Joseph Gunter, the manager of Fair Haven, saw that the city of Omena, Michigan, had elected a cat as its head, so he decided to hold an election. Omena, with the aim of building a stadium in the city.
“We are focusing on non-marine fisheries such as the RAS, river fisheries.
Thus minutes and hours passed.
Reports said that Gokhale will visit the state in the first month of April and Gokhale has sent a letter to Prestone asking whether he is ready to visit the state. debate.
Favoritism and nepotism will continue.
Seng Khasi Higher Sec School, Jaiaw
This is the second electricity pipeline crossing the border of India and neighboring countries.
On the other hand, the Governor, although he did not comment on the request for assistance, but took the time to talk to the residents especially those who have survived the invasion of foreign tourists. to this village.
Neil Nongkynrih, son of AH Scott Lyngdoh, is the founder, director and conductor of the Shillong Chamber Choir.
The Minister assured that the Panchayat Raj Department headed by Girirai Singh will provide all the assistance so that the villages in Meghalaya as well as other states in the North East, can take full advantage of their benefits. Central Government scheme for the development of many villages.
This is the statement of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Working President of the UDP. Kong Linda Kongwang Many of you don't know but it is true that plants are the first creatures on earth.
“There will be more such recruitment of women and men to ensure that our security will be the best,” he said.
It is due to the failure of the contractor to hand over that the school principals have no way to inform the government to provide all the necessary facilities.
In the final match, Mulang Ïalong beat Royal Pole Mihmyntdu 2-0
Charlotte W Momin will contest from South Tura constituency while former Garo Students Union (GSU) leader Jackuish K Sangma will contest from Ranikor.
The alliance between the NPP and the Congress has started since the last elections in Manipur.
Many of the people on this day also decided to re-elect Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as MLA of Jirang Constituency for many reasons to bring about changes in the area.
When asked whether the KJP Assembly has anything to do with the Shillong All Fair Forum (SAFF), the Pastor said, “We don't have anything to do with it”. you are pleased with yourself"
According to the IEA, there will be a 3.5-5 percent increase in biofuel production by 2050 due to the Net Zero target, and this will open up opportunities for India.
“However, it is unfortunate that the RTI reply received from the Forest Department shows that the revenue from the sale of these trees is only T.1.5 crore,” he said.
Since ancient times, in Europe, the 10th of June has been the day when people celebrate the arrival of spring.
During the meeting, the DC, SP, ADC and other officers promised before the group to stop the smuggling of coal from Assam into the state to supply coal to the three coal factories in East Jaintia Hills which fall under Narpuh District.
However, while the people are waiting for the ethnic parties to lead the government, the UDP, PDF and HSPDP have rushed to Conrad K Sangma to give their support to form the government.
It may be recalled that on Tuesday morning, the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills, arrested a drug dealer from Fire Brigade, Laitumkhrah.
You shall not be afraid of anyone.
In the women's category, Crasto & Ashwini Ponnappa completed their match by beating Kaitlyn Ea & Angela Yu 21-19 21-1 country for their victory against Australia.
The market was closed all day long because this market is not only a market like other markets but also a religious market where the Hima has held a religious ceremony. which has been held since the time of the ancients and is still going on to this day.
The people carrying UDP flags, placards and various slogans had already waited before entering the village.
Ardent's remarks came after the UDP and PDF joined the NPP to form a coalition government, just 48 hours after two HSPDP MLAs joined the NPP. Speaking on 5th October, Bah Ardent said that these parties (UDP and PDF) in the name of ethnic parties but have gone to support those parties outside the state.
Sources said that there has been an agreement between Bah DD Lapang and Salseng Marak in which the two have agreed that if there is a change of Chief Minister in the state, Bah Lapang will be the Chief Minister. who was ready to surrender to Salseng.
Besides, it cannot be said that it has to respect the top leader, Conrad K Sangma.
The meeting was attended by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew as the chief guest, Bah Martle N Mukhim MDC as the chief guest, Bah Harkin Warjri, Sordar of Thynroit village and others including the leaders. past and present of this school, teachers and students.
He said that the college has been temporarily set up at the Nongtluh Higher Secondary School and he as an MLA has donated about 5 lakh tyngka on the opening day and also 5 lakh tyngka now. months as assistance to pay the salaries of teachers and other needs as support while not yet receiving assistance from the government and are still in the process of seeking assistance.
Tomorrow, Lumpyrtuh will play against Khimusniang, Chutwakhu will play against Tpep Pale and Demthring will play against Mookynphang.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “When I say that the expenditure is not enough, it does not mean that we don't have the money, but we must ensure that we share in all aspects including the development of the country. par with the fight against covid.
BJP Leader and Tura MDC Bernard N Marak recently questioned the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on the decision to open the PA Sangma Stadium as it is an incomplete project.
On the other hand, Conrad discussed the NH 51 – Tura to Dalu including the Tura By Pass.
James said this while taking part in the bar price on Monday.
UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has urged the party workers in Garo Hills to prepare themselves for the upcoming MP elections in Tura. Constituency.
“From BP N0.1265/5S to BP No.1265/9S, new pillers have been planted and our land has been transferred to Bangladesh,” said the Sordar.
At the same time, he urged them to put away all human feelings but to decide and be determined to move forward beyond those who are perfect and to become stars and examples for the country and nation as a whole.
The source said that the incident happened at 12:00 pm while the people were sleeping lyngngai and some were still getting ready to sleep. and they destroyed the houses of men, and the trees of the field.
God has not given us a golden soul or a silver soul to be burned and tormented forever in hell.
These are for upcoming, ongoing and completed projects.
Offerings should be collected and offerings received in places of worship without discrimination.
She said that there is a plan to install CCTV cameras in the police stations.
Once we turn our eyes and look back at the customs and traditions of our ancestors, we can say that the JAINSPONG is one of the most prominent symbols of the greatness and power of man.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has promised to allocate funds for the replacement of another plastic ball at the Third Ground, Polo.
Meghalaya is a peaceful state,” she said.
The people of the state have to do something about this action of the Government of India.
The decision to reopen the markets in Ri Bhoi Sepngi was taken after several hours of discussion between the leaders of the FKJGP Western Zone, HYC, KSU, RBYF, CoRP and Western Ri Bhoi Women's Association and leaders of the two Himas, Nongkhlaw and Jirang.
The issue was raised by Congress MLA from East Shillong, Ampareen Lyngdoh, who said that the BJP government's introduction of Articles 370 and 35A in Jammu and Kashmir has been a threat to Meghalaya. too.
On the 7th November, 2013, a wreath laying ceremony was held to mark the 28th birth anniversary of Bull N Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU). KSU leaders, members from various circles under the leadership of the President of the KSU, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar.
Nongstoiñ, July 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District has sent a letter to the EE WKH Distribution Division MePDCL Nongstoin regarding the increase in the bill light. You don't have to load shedding.
On the big days, such as the anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi's birthday (02-10-) every year, the cleanliness of the village is like a human being.
The border market in Sabroom Division – South Tripura District was reopened in June last year.
Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the Chief Advisor to the Meghalaya Government, has called a meeting on the incident.
On the forest, the Governor said the government has built 26 man-made forests to reduce environmental pollution.
Conrad and other NPP members should have come forward to support as this is what the party leader wanted.
The injured were six women and three men.
If you go around the areas where there are more forests, you will find that the hunting of skei is not only during the day when they hunt using hunting dogs.
Jowai, Naitung 15 :Ka Sairimis Siangshai has lodged a complaint with the police alleging that a man named Khiat Iongbor has broken into her house on the morning of the 10th of this month. At 10 o'clock in the morning, he stole her money which amounted to T.10,09,0
However, on the other hand, the Sengbhalang held a wreath laying ceremony at the statue of Myllung at the State Central Library, Shillong.
R. Bareh CDPO, Thadlaskein ICDS said that the Poshan Pakhwada was held for two months to raise awareness among the school children and women on nutritious foods to avoid nutritional deficiencies.
Contractors from construction workers, Muster Roll and 100 days workers under MNREGS can register by calling the number 1070 provided by the government.
Shillong, June 28: U Bah HS Shylla has refused to accept the claim that Bah Pynshngain is a hero of the nation.
The event was also attended by Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar President of KSU Sengkmie as the chief guest and Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, President of Ri-Bhoi District as the chief guest. Fr Sngi Lyngdoh, Professor of Martin Luther Christian University, Samla Raymond Kharjana, President KSU North Khasi Hills District and other leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District, along with the youth. The award winners were accompanied by their parents and family members.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) on Thursday demanded that a person who criticized the party on its Facebook page titled 'Lympung ki Khun ka Ri' should apologize within 24 days. Otherwise, the Seng will not be able to file a complaint with the law enforcement authorities.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : A group of Sengbhalang from Garo Hills on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and requested him to release their members who have been arrested. The incident occurred on 24th November in Tura, West Garo Hills.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh urged the teachers to provide all the good training to the children at the right time, so that they can be trained in the right way.
Surprisingly, the struggle for an independent state is on the issue of language.
“When anyone of us is in trouble, she is the first to visit or pray and as a spiritual father and brother, brother and sister, she teaches us all to love our neighbours. and to help the poor and needy and this is a special memory that we will never forget Madeng.
The driver of the vehicle is still unknown, as he fled the scene immediately after the incident.
Shillong: The Shillong Archdiocese Education Society (SAES) in a meeting convened by the Ministry of Education on 25th June 2020, urged the school principals including the Shillong Archdiocese Education Society (SAES) to reopen schools outside Shillong. The Chairman of the Shillong Archdiocesan Education Society (SAES) Fr John Madur has said that schools outside Shillong can reopen on the 5th of July for classes IX, X and XII while for other classes can open on 11th July
Speaking to media, Rakkam said the government has held a meeting in the presence of the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Headmasters of various universities. The NEP, 2020, has been requested to be suspended before the implementation of the NEP,
Among the MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) who have confirmed to contest the MA elections next year are Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne who will contest from the United Democratic Party (KHADC). Sohra Constituency.
Sanbor suggested to the CEM that he should go to court to appeal against the case so that the court can enforce the KHADC Building Act as it has enforced the Shillong Cantonment Building Act. Board.
Shillong: The One Nation One Ration Card Scheme, or one ration card per country; Until now, it has not been fully implemented in Meghalaya, due to the fact that many of the residents of the state do not have Aadhar cards.
It is on this basis that he has accepted that he has been betrayed by the UDP and has been criticized by the people and now he has decided to obey the decision of the people who want him to contest the MLA election. “They have sent me to contest, I will contest, let the people decide from which party I will contest,” he said.
The team has made six appearances in the finals of the Santosh Trophy and has won four times.
He was also the correspondent of the Khasi newspaper “Kynjatshai”.
Shillong, Nailar 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Safe Motherhood Transit Home at Asanang under Rongram C&RD Block, West Garo Hills.
The festival of Purim is one of the festivals and during this festival there are no ceremonies and even the name of God or Yahweh does not appear in the book of Esther.
The members of the sub-committee include the Executive Chairman of MBOSE, Bah EP Kharbhih, Dr. Sylvanus Lamare from the Sahitya Akademi and S. Quotient Sumer, former member of the Sahitya Akademi.
It is also the 30th anniversary of the discovery of the Siju Dobhakol Crematorium in
He started his schooling (1989-1995) from Nursery to Class IV at St. Mary's Girls Secondary School, Jowai.
Therefore, the JHTOA has taken action and decided to continue to protest and ban the transportation of dewbilat trucks.
Surprisingly, the sister said that among the children who work in the household and who have been raped, not one has received any benefits from the scheme which the government has set up for them.
For the judgment was not found in the world.
Regarding the influx of foreigners into the State and becoming the owners of the villages in the State, the author has described this situation with the words of Myrsiang which he said “ Satan's Day Rung Suda, But There Is No Day.
Shavian Blah (11) and Navin Kumar (24) scored two runs in the middle order.
Answer : A person who has been convicted of a crime with a sentence of 10 years or more can be considered a criminal.
The total expenditure according to the report is T.2,97,420 tyngka and the trees were planted in three plots allocated to the village at Tieh-U-Jir 4.5 hectares and 5900 seedlings were planted. trees, in Law U Bnai on an area of ​​1.5 hectares and 1995 trees were planted and in Mawthlong on an area of ​​1.0 hectares 1330 trees were planted.
Furthermore, more than 1530 cow farmers have benefited through 100 cooperative groups and 1731 cow farms under the Meghalaya Milk Mission.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare, Meghalaya as the chief guest, in the presence of Bah Sunshine Makri, one of the youth leaders of Umsning area as the symbud chief guest, Damian Umdor President of AHOR. , Bah Rayonald Kharkamni and other dignitaries.
He also outlined various issues that the party will implement in areas such as tourism, agriculture, digital marketing, youth and sports and others.
Mawkyrwat, June 23 : Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School is one of the 18 schools that won the 2nd Inter-School Sport Meet 2023 organized by the Jakrem Youth Association (SSSJ). Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency, was the chief guest at the event held at Jakrem, South West Khasi Hills District.
“People can apply for various syrnods in the Block but these applications will be conducted by the Sub Divisions,” he added.
“In fact, there is no time limit for the change of textbooks but it depends on the passage of time,” said Bah Marbaniang.
At the public meeting, Dharmendra, her husband (Hema), appealed to the people to support her and said that their support will improve the city as a whole.
Jowai: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shangpung Unit has held its 3rd Mait Shaphrang Academic Award on 13-10-23 at the Auditorium Hall. the village and the school teachers as well.
It’s extremely confusing; it is not helping anyone.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Robert Maring, one of the dismissed youths, said that they have started working at the Toll Gate since 2016 and so on. They have been working inside the Toll Plaza for the past few months.
Buhsing Syiem did his best to make peace with Morsing Phankhein, but he did not listen and disobeyed. religion, customs, and kingship, that he might take possession of all these things, and make his father king.
Ai Paslein, wife of Ma Eli War, resident of Ummulong, daughter of (L) Chaimon Passah, (L) Meriam Paslein and mother of Etis Paslein, Elis Paslein, Wanpynkmenlang, Minot Paslein. died on 30/03/2
" Featured Image by OpenClipart-Vectors from Pixabay.
They have collaborated with experts from Andhra Pradesh and have set up 18 Farmers Field Schools and have trained more than 35 Community Resource Persons (CRPs) to train farmers to start this farm. you rep.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma has defeated the Congress candidate Dikkanchi D Shira by nearly 2 lakh votes in the announcement today of the mid-term MP elections. Tura Public Assembly.
Junita confessed to the village authorities that she was the one who broke the child, she said that she was born in the forest but she took it and broke it farther away.
“This government will never be able to provide a good government.
Bindo, one of the founders of the UDP, was recently rejected for the party's ticket from Nongkrem Constituency.
Closure of markets, markets, shops between 8.00 pm to 6 pm within 1 Kilometer of the Indo-Bangladesh border.
I want to tell those who are sick with coronavirus how it works or not or how it works for me alone. doesn't work.
Thousands will flock as workers and laborers.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills District has urged the owners of cows and anyone who has information about the theft to come forward to Dawki Police Station.
For WJPCC, Marshal Pariat took three wickets in 4.5 overs and VDS Rymbai took two wickets in five overs.
The allegation against Bah James is only an allegation because he has nothing else to accuse, the allegation against him is only an allegation.
This social reconciliation will help bring peace in the North East and especially in Manipur.
On the other hand, the NMA, Ministry of Culture, Government of India has issued a directive to follow the rules regarding the issuance of NOCs or permits for construction works and others in restricted areas. land reserved for special monuments through Centrally Protected Monuments (CPMs).
Hasn't this freed the country from the worries and doubts when buying and selling land or forest and hasn't this been a great blessing to the people who live in it?
We rejoice and celebrate at Christmas because Jesus the Son of God came to save and restore the world, while Good Friday shows us a picture of being hurt and wounded.
However, the powers of the ADC have been weakened and many of the tasks have been delayed and the most important are the closure of Primary Schools, the Schedule Tribe Certificate which are the most important tools for the ADC. The ADCs should not do their job.
EG.5, compared to the behavior of its predecessor XBB.1.9.2, has the ability to transform itself at an unknown time.
The bridge, which was inaugurated yesterday, is a bridge constructed under the Inter State Border Area Development Program (ISBADP) through the DRDA Nongpoh office. , at a cost of T.25 lakh and through this bridge it will bring many benefits not only to the people of this village, but also to the surrounding villages and the area as a whole. for now they have found peace on the other side of the river.
According to a statement from the President of CSWO, the coal was transported from Shallang, Maweit to Assam via Langpih.
But we must remember that there will be judgment in the end for those who earn righteousness and those who earn unrighteousness or sin.
The Minister hoped that the residents of the region would have only one voice for any state, but if some groups wanted to go to Meghalaya, others to Assam; this will be very difficult when it comes to this issue.
According to the information received by this reporter, the District, Municipal and Police authorities have issued an order in their list to distribute their personnel to visit the market vendors. The strike has started today and will continue tomorrow, one day after another.
Therefore, according to the notice No. DCA.33/2012/520; “The Governor is pleased to announce that Notification No. DC/RBF/XXXII/64/2023/171 dated 14th November 2023 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council published in the Gazette of Meghalaya on 3rd July 2023 has been cancelled. Now.
Therefore, the farmers were urged to take advantage of the opportunity to apply for the KCC, in order to benefit from the Government schemes and types of loans released for the benefit of the farmers in the country as a whole.
The Municipal Corporation has sent an inquiry into the matter and should submit its report within 15 days.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Mizoram has urged the Minister of Home Affairs – Lalchamliana and the Home Commissioner & Secretary – H Lalengmawia to hold an emergency meeting to take measures. The measures necessary for the safety and security of the Zohnathlak people living in Manipur.
For this reason, the festival attracts tourists from abroad, abroad and young men and women from the state and the North Eastern Region of India.
This is because Australia has not recognized him as a citizen of the region and for this reason, he has resigned from the journalism profession. Australian citizen, changes his or her name and returns all documents proving his or her citizenship in Australia.
Ma Corinth Pyrngap, resident of Khimusniang, Jowai, passed away on
Shillong, Naiwieng 08 : The National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson and Minister in the State Government, Marcuise N Marak on Tuesday said that there is no difference of opinion or disagreement between the party leaders regarding the election. MP candidates for the upcoming MP elections from Shillong.
The selected players include Shubham Rasai, Kshitij Singhania, Avinash Rai, Lensbirth N Marak, Rituraj Rabha, Angkit Tamang, Shahin Alome, Shavian Blah, Banialam J Mylliemngap, Josiah D Wanniang, Denikcheng Marak, Dingriko Marak. , Bilgrak G Charm Marbaniang - The Best Of Charm.
Replying on this, Conrad said he has met and photographed millions of people and drawing conclusions from photography alone is not fair.
Knowledge changes and changes because it is human knowledge.
Nongpoh: Dr.Jerin Syiem, (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) father of Nongpoh MLA, one of the most prominent doctors in Ri Bhoi in the past years, He was not only a doctor, but he was a kind and helpful man, which made him loved and respected by many of the people.
All the speakers strongly condemned this act of the robbers and urged the police to take action by expediting the investigation as directed to them, to find out who is involved in this murder. .
According to the FCI report, in the North East, the most popular food commodity is rice, where the demand for rice is high. wheat consumer in the area.
He said that he has trained many young men but they are not faithful to the work.
Among the various groups whether in families, villages, kingdoms, NGOs, political parties, religious groups and so on we have leaders whom we should obey and Listen to the decision or the law, no matter what happens, most of us don't have a spirit of respect or respect for the leaders.
There are 752 recoveries and 10 deaths.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, the media has reported that many foreigners who have just arrived in Majai have gone to buy bills from the stone traders in the area. .
“We have made it clear that we will not accept the railway until the ILP has been implemented in the state to be a stieh protection of the jaidbynriew and if the government takes force on this we will not hesitate. “It is in any form but we will ensure that the railway should not come before the strong laws to protect the authorities come into force,” said Bah Lambok.
However, they could not because the bird was caught in the middle of the tree.
You are also more likely to avoid excessive foods such as soybeans, lentils, rynsun, lentils and lentils.
“The failure to implement it properly has caused failure even before the completion of the work,” said Bernard in the FIR. people living near the Stadium as well as their property.
Meghalaya played well in the batting and Baroda scored 27 runs for the loss of three wickets and then tied 78 runs for the loss of four wickets before Abhimanyu Singh. (109) and MR Solanki (85 not out) helped the team to score 153 runs for the loss of five wickets.
“On the other hand, Bah Pangniang said that only the surrender of the Khasi-Jaintia State and Garoland will solve all these problems.
They can summon Bah Let and those others who have cases...” replied Riewsaid.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The film Ka Chithi directed by Kong Simi Khongtiang has been selected to screen at the Bengaluru International Film Festival 2024 Khatsan to be held from 29th June to 7th October 2024 in Bengaluru.
The MMA tournament was led by the Head Coach of the Gym at Lumsohphoh-Fire Brigade, Bah Sam Lyngdoh. .
Mairang has received T.2,36,50,000 crore, Nongstoiñ has received T.3,01,50,000 crore, Mawshynrut has received T.2,98,98,000 crore, Umroi has received T.2,98,88,000 crore. Jirang has received T.2,97,44,000 crore, Mawhati has received T.2,86,00,000 crore and Umsning has received T.3 crore.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said that an Expression of Interest (EOI) will be issued for the provision of necessary equipment to the Anganwadi Centers and some of the Centers where the staff have received smart phones.
The Director of Photography has been appointed by NALARYMPEI PRODUCTION. The composers of the song are NALARYMPEI PRODUCTION and Stoper W. Tangsong.
After this, Father Sebastian had to leave for another place and in his place was taken by Father Stephan Kharbani. during his visit to Kitbok's mother who was ill and also on the day of the condolence service on the death of Kitbok's mother.
The team was accompanied by Kikam Bhutia (head coach), Bhakupar Mylliemngap (assistant coach), Helyna D Sangma (trainer), Lucky Mary Marbaniang (physio) and Baiahun Mylliemngap (manager).
“Of course the BDO has come to visit our village,” said Kupbor Siangshai, Rangbah Shnong of the village.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 24: Hundreds of Khasi students studying at RIST and USTM Baridua, Khanapara on Tuesday evening took part in burning mombati and waving Lama ïong to condemn the shooting death of Five Khasi persons were arrested by Assam Police in Mukhroh, Block I, West Jaintia Hills.
Meanwhile, Anshu managed to overcome her opponents to win another fourth medal by beating Singapore's Danielle Lim 11-0 China's Qi Zhang 5-4; Anshu lost 1-5 in the semifinal against Japanese Sae Nanjo.
Similarly, on the part of the woman's family, they have to elect a rangbah who will be the ksiang who takes the responsibility for the woman.
Only a few have gained wealth, while many have suffered.
On the other hand, KSU General Secretary Bah Auguster Jyrwa said that they will convene a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the issue and seek their views.
Lapang also received the resignation letters of two other MDCs, Hadrian Lyngdoh and Victor Rani.
The HYC Shella Area Unit on Tuesday together with the residents of Shella and surrounding villages held a public meeting in Shella village to express their strong opposition to the electricity supply in the past few days until now as well.
Shillong, March 19: The students of the Shillong Polytechnic Students Union (SPSU) have protested in a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the education department for failing to promise anything to their demands. .
“We have already lodged a complaint with the authorities but it has not reached anywhere,” he said.
It is understood that the reason why these leaders of the Union have issued these statements, is because recently the District Administration in Ri Bhoi, has issued a notice to ban the traffic. Those over 20-tons should not pass through the Dwar Ksuid Bridge, but an order has been issued that they should pass through the Umiam Bridge.
If there are no teachers, this state will not reach anywhere,” said Babu Ron.
The Chairman said that Dr. Syngkon is also the General Secretary and founding member of the VPP. .
The Chhatak Limestone Importers and Suppliers Group from Bangladesh has requested the exporters from Bangladesh to write to the Union Government of India, Ministry of Finance Department of Revenue New Delhi to open the Beltoli Export Point. The letter was signed by SA President Selim Chowdhury. The letter was signed by the President of SA Selim Chowdhury.
Three Regional Conferences were held under the chairmanship of Shekhawat in June and October at different places to resolve such issues and to encourage the States/UTs to monitor the implementation of the according to the JJM principle of being transparent, community-driven and adapted to the needs of different places.
Now the descendants have completed what has already been written by the ancients in the 'Riti Treikam' of the Mawsor clan since
Even after the opening of the CHC Namdong, there is only one doctor, but due to the leave, the staff can no longer accept patients.
Shillong, July 05: The State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) has slammed the Officer In-charge (OC) of Mawryngkneng for his stinginess in the alleged rape of a child by a group of children. robbery in Mawryngkneng.
Besides, many who have asked me when to show it again, this is an opportunity for you, because yes we have shown it before, but when we showed this film, the It is during the lockdown, due to the outbreak of Covid-19, that we have shown twice, that there is a second wave of Covid-19, and we are confident now. If you don't have any more incidents, please support us, meet at Bijou Cinema Hall at 11:30, 2:00 pm, 5: 00 pm and at 7:00 pm.
The third, a 48-year-old Auckland resident, was involved in the conspiracy to kill the radio broadcaster.
The championship will include shooting competitions in 10 m rifle & pistol, 25 m pistol, 50 m rifle open sight & peep sight and 50 m pistol for both men and women.
Bah Shadap said that if the battery is full, the vehicle needs to be charged for more than 3 hours and within these 3 hours, the vehicle will travel about 145 kilometres.
The film tells the story of the actress' journey and her experiences with many challenges and doubts.
Those who have reached the age of 18 years by 01.01.2023 must provide in advance their identity documents, such as Birth Certificate, School Certificate, Baptism Certificate, ID Card, Driving License and two Pass Port size.
He said that this law will be enforced for the purpose of giving a share to the sons from the property of their parents.
Khimusniang vehicles will be diverted to Chilliang Raij via Umshangiar.
This message was sent by Dame Phawa and Elut Phawa.
On the other hand, Mukul Sangma, while commenting on the statement, said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has misunderstood the meaning of this.
The union has met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District JU Kharpuri and urged him to repair the road immediately on the grounds that heavy vehicles have been passing through the road for a day which has made it easier for the people to travel. It came to Ladrymbai area and caused traffic jam.
But the question that arises is – why do we need to find our source? Because we understand that we are only 'tiew lyngksiar' that grow on the rocks that shoot lyngngeh only in the sun because we don't have thied don tnaw.
Mawkyrwat, July 13: Rambrai Jyrngam MDC Bajop Pyngrope today inaugurated the 1st Knockout Football Tournament 2022 organized by Kyntiew La-I-Sap. , Pynden-Umjaraiñ, South West Khasi Hills District.
The death of this woman has something behind it and it is suspected that her husband Fortunate Pala tried to hide his crime. don't kill him.
You have to get up in the morning and it is better that we rest our bodies,” suggested the mother.
There has never been a Committee of one person, who could form alone and decide alone, in the past.
The appearance of these MLAs came after Meghalaya Governor Phagu Chauhan spoke in Hindi in his speech in the Legislative Assembly.
“My strength does not depend on me and my knowledge does not depend only on me, but the knowledge depends on the people of the constituency who have empowered me to be a leader,” he said. “As a leader, he said that he is an MDC of Sohra Constituency and he is trying, with his small power to work with the people and also the leadership from As the CEM of KHADC, he has been able to introduce the Land Act, the Village Development Council to strengthen the assistance to the villages and the Clan Bill. Titos W Chyne, who represented Sohra as MLA from 2013 to 2018, was defeated by Gavin Miguel Mylliem, MLA. The People's Democratic Front (PDF) is currently in Sohra.
Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life.
In Lapangap, a village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, the heavy rain and cold have damaged 15-16 houses and damaged the rice and livelihoods of these households. said Deimonmi Lyngdoh, Head of Lapangap Village.
Laitphar Syngkrem, Leader of the Students' Union, which also looks after the welfare of the community, also condemned the harassment of the residents and the looting of the property of the students. not only in Amlarem, but also in the surrounding areas.
“The party has the intention to nominate candidates from all the constituencies, but we will take a decision until we understand that the candidate we will nominate has the way to success".
The winner will receive T.7 lakh, while the runner-up will receive T.5 lakh,” said Bah Kharkrang. will be released before the start of this lympung.
He also met with Oscar Fernandes, where he took part in the ceremony to honor Fernandes, on his election as a Minister of the Government of India.
“As a team we need to play well for the trophy.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that all the political parties in the government support the signing of the MoU on the border issues.
“Who lives there? Is there life in these heavenly bodies?” Such have been the questions for thousands of years when people have raised their eyes and looked at the stars in the bright sky.
Consolation prizes of T.1,000/- for the fourth to fifth place winners, along with three Veterans (50+years).
The union demands that more lightmen and muster roll should be appointed to work on various lines in Mawshynrut, as the areas in Mawshynrut are too small for the workers.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 10 cases, 6 cases are risk contacts, 3 cases are health workers and one case is a foreigner. others want to go outside.
He said that since last year, many of the residents of Nongstoiñ area as well as the depositors and savers of the bank have been complaining from time to time. The Seng has sent a letter to the management of the bank to improve these ATMs but till now there has been no sign.
In another development, a group of coal miners and dealers from East Jaintia Hills District signed a memorandum of understanding with Satly Ryngnga, President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District. Hambertus Nongtdu, President Helping Phawa and Albinus Lamurong have expressed their opposition to the government's plan. .
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle and the Federation of Khasi Students (FKJGP) have been arrested after receiving many complaints from the people of East Jaintia Hills District. Jaintia Hills District has requested the government to allow the traders to transport the auctioned coal. They are facing problems because although they have challans, they cannot transport coal.
When he came to Shillong overnight, there were no Ministers who wanted to raise the issue of ILP, Khasi language and they ran away from him.
Furthermore, the Seng invites the people of the district to participate in the program with the participation of prominent singers and dancers of the state. and the state as a whole to go and witness with their own eyes this biggest title race in Jaintia Hills.
Today's raid is also a follow-up to the previous raid, as they found that many of them do not have Trading License. shops, where it was found that there were hundreds of shops without a Trading Licence.
“These organic fertilizers improve the environment and do not harm humans or animals,” said Kong Syiemiong.
Satan is the ruler of the world and often goes into the affairs of government to disrupt the government and to make laws against the will of God.
Therefore, the people want him to answer now before the 2023 MLA elections.
“We will soon go to Delhi to talk to the Union Ministers to urge that the examinations in the Union Government departments in Meghalaya should be held in Meghalaya.
Speeches were also delivered by the CEM of JHADC, MLA of Mowkaiaw and MLA of Jowai and the Dolloi of Elaka Chawas Lyngdoh.
Meghalaya lost their chance to reach the quarter final despite beating Maharashtra 2-0 in the final match of the U-20 Men's National Football Championship on Sunday. Friday in Narainpur, Chhattisgarh.
Matthew does not give the names of those wise men, but we get the idea that these wise men went to the door of the palace to ask Herod where Jesus the King of Peace was born. ? The Saviour? The Comforter? The Hopeful One? The Freedom Fighter? In front of King Herod's Palace the three wise men stood and knocked on the door, and asked- Where is Justice? Where is the Truth? Where is Freedom? Where is the Hope? Where is the peace? Where is the peaceful and secure life? In Revelation 3:20, Jesus Christ Himself declares that He is standing at the door and says these words- “Be strong! I stood at the door and knocked....
It was destroyed in 70 A.D. (after Christ).
In Lumshnong area, heavy rains have caused heavy landslides and flooding at Star Cement and other places.
On the other hand, in a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, the union requested that if possible, to take steps to raise awareness through short videos. through smart classes, or through short videos in awareness programs so that children and students in the area can understand better and avoid the use of alcoholic beverages such as drugs.
The families of those who lost their lives in the train collision in Odisha on July 2 continue.
The film has been screened at the Bushan International Film Festival in South Korea, Mami International Film Festival in Mumbai, and will also be screened at two film festivals in Goa and one in Kerala. festival.
The Lakhempong dance is one of the traditional dances led by the Longshuwa as part of the preservation of their culture and traditions. “We can preserve our own culture and not just follow the customs and traditions of others without knowing our own culture,” he added.
The story of the film is about the investigation into the massacre of Native American tribes in one of the richest parts of the US due to the discovery of oil in the 1920s.
The High Court has granted permission for the relocation of Balaji for treatment.
Prestone Tynsong concluded.
Through this Socio Economic Movement, the Seng will soon develop special programs to find ways and means to help and solve the problems of the farmers and entrepreneurs so that they can Shlur Mukhim, President of the Seng and Reachinson Kongwang, Gen.
However, it is understood that Dr. Mukul Sangma will come down to speak on his part only after Pynshngaiñ returns from Delhi.
In the competition, Mylliem Block won the first prize and Mawphlang Block came second.
Shillong, November 22: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday held a celebration to welcome the arrival of Christmas and New Year. was very stable.
Shylla said that the Khasi mothers are very special and that is why the Khasi mothers are Syiems otherwise they will become slaves.
India has so far evacuated 3,195 Indians from the war zone in Sudan, transporting them 850 km from Khartoum to the Sudanese port in more than 200 years. 60 buses.
Samborlang Shylla was elected Vice-President, Wanbiang Pulang was elected General Secretary and Ajay Chyrmang was elected Assistant General Secretary.
Perhaps we feel that it is wise to imitate others and that we are reluctant to hold on to our own.
In the midst of trials there are often trials that stir up the hearts of God's people, who are leaders whom God has called and whom He has truly sanctified.
Later he joined the BJP. Now he has joined the NPP, which rules in the state government and councils.
All the District Presidents/Secretaries and Finance Secretaries of the Units are members of the MUPSTA Central Executive Committee.
On the second day, North Liberty HSS, Govt Boys HSS, HK Singh Memorial SS and Kiang Nangbah HSS won the medals.
The village headmen have alleged that the woman, Trinli Syiemïong, has not taken over the land of the people, and they said that there were about 8 households who have joined hands to support the this is the longkmie.
These students will also have to complete the Sports Specific Test and Motor Ability Test on the 19th of July and the Live Testing Edge 10 on the 20th of July.
A prayer was also offered by one of the members of the Union from the Nongkhlaw District Youth Assembly.
We are not surprised to see these figures released by the NITI Aayog because we do not understand that Meghalaya, although a state rich in natural resources, is also a place where most of those who lived there were poor.
However, it was found that there are still 206 people who have not yet registered or who have disappeared as of
There were suspicions that the meeting was to discuss the plan to expand the Cabinet in the state, as well as the demands of the Sena under Shinde's leadership regarding the shuki Minister in the government.
All of this starts at home.
In this regard, the Hima together with the Minister War Tynghah will conduct an inspection of the market to find out whether the shopkeepers have complied with the orders. by the Hima, and this shall be before the day of cleansing.
Other villages which have been established near the rivers such as Laitiam, Sohkhmih, Mawphu, Umblai, Nongwar, Mustoh, Disong, Sohlab, Laikher, Jasir, Umkhabaw, Dalia and other small villages although they are small. in a lower place, but the presence of large rivers brings a sense of peace, and freedom from the heat.
“On November 16, 2022, he (Prestone Tynsong) accused me in the media of being a psycho.
The suspects were identified as Kuddus Ali, 25, son of Jamsher Ali, Shillong, Oxiguri, Dhubri, Assam and Alom Badsah Sheikh, 25, son of Nongrah, Shillong. Abul Hussain Sheikh of Demseining, Shillong who is from Pokalagi, Dhubri, Assam.
Among men, the lowest incidence was found in West Arunachal Pradesh (24.5 per cent) and in Thiruvananthapuram district, Kerala (10.2 per cent) in females.
For example, after the Jews established their own country “Israel” in 1948, they began to gather their own nations scattered around the world.
The Sub-Division and District authorities are preparing to provide relief to the affected families.
Roomika Pyrtuh from ALC Sohmynting spoke about the cultivation of Sohphlang and Rihun Sungoh from ALC from Ksehrynchang spoke about the cultivation of shriew saw.
He said the party has not yet received exact information about Conrad's involvement in not allowing the rally.
BJP leader Kavinder Gupta on Tuesday strongly criticized PDP President Mehbooba Mufti for supporting JKLF leader Yasin Malik and demanded that the to conduct an investigation against the former Prime Minister on her proven links with anti-national elements.
He stressed the need for change and the youth should be part of the change.
The party is also part of the preparations to strengthen the NPP for the upcoming MP elections and another for the upcoming MDC elections. path for it to be at least in the latter parts of this year.
“We will sit with the government to discuss this and I have not received detailed information on this because I have just returned from abroad,” he said. which the government has to review before acting".
This comes after the Muktiar of Achik Conscious Integrated Crime (ACHIK) criticized Bah Ardent's statement on the intention to come forward to demand that the government should revise the reservation policy.
M Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also the only woman to become a Minister of State, will hold portfolios such as Health and Family Welfare Department, Law Department, Information and Public Relation Department and Agriculture. & farmer welfare department.
As the media far from Israel and Palestine, we are amazed to see through the pictures and photographs the horror of this war.
At the same time, Shillong received 120.1mm of rainfall and Umiam received 62.4mm.
Seilut Pohshna, Rangbah Shnong of Padu Masku, in his speech, urged all the Rangbah Shnongs to use all their strength to support this demand for the benefit of the people of the area.
The Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills, Ahri Sibi Sadhu, IAS has been directed to investigate into the incident and at the same time the DC has appointed Shri David. D Sangma, MCS Addl District Magistrate, will head the investigation.
Besides Julius, three others, Mamoni Parveen, Darisha Mary Kharbamon and Sandeep Biswas, have been charged under the POCSO Act, 2012, Indian Penal Code and Immoral Traffic Prevention. Act, 1986.
D. There will be four technical sessions in this seminar.
The victim was identified as Bah Omeka Myrthong from Mawlaingut village, East Khasi Hills. four children.
Some say that “Alcohol leads to poverty” and many others disagree and say that it is wrong because many alcoholics are rich.
Under this programme, more than 75,000 newly employed persons will be issued confirmation letters.
Besides the dress, which had flowers, she also put a kynphad on her head, as was done for the dead.
The Dadenggre Block Committee was formed in the presence of the Convener of West Garo Hills District, Richard M Marak, District Coordinator Safford N Sangma and Rupa M Marak among others.
In West Garo Hills, 109 cases have been reported.
He said he wanted to meet with George Soros to discuss housing assistance and Mark Zuckerberg to provide internet to Africa.
She also appealed not to believe the rumours, but to follow the guidelines laid down by the government through the health department.
The NEC said this after Alliance Air, a subsidiary of Air India, suspended flights from Shillong from 1st July after the expiry of the social agreement on 31st June. and so far the airport has sat empty.
The Sikkim Democratic Front (SDF) led by Chamling has announced that 20,000 youths will be employed immediately in the state.
Therefore, he expressed his gratitude to the residents of the village who have given their support and left hand to the party at such a time of need.
The Chief Guest also inaugurated the Sawangka Hall which has been renovated and new facilities have been installed in terms of lighting, sound, stage lights, stage lights and tyngshop puron and other important parts have been cleaned and cleaned.
Saleh has fled his home and his whereabouts are unknown. The leader has earlier announced that he will not surrender to the Taliban. Saleh's family says the Taliban shot dead his brother Rohullah Azizi.
After the meeting, a Health Camp was held at Lad Rymbai Dongwah Community Hall and Lad Rymbai Datsympein Community Hall, Lad Rymbai B, Mooknor Community. MHIS and Aadhaar in these camps.
The categories of the table tennis tournament are Under 15 Boy's Singles, Under 19 Boy's Singles, Men Singles, Women Singles, Men Doubles, Veteran Doubles (40 years and over) and Veteran Singles (40 years and over).
Meanwhile, the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, has announced that the curfew has been imposed in Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Sunny Hill, Cantonment and Mawlong Hat. Cantonment Beat House Areas, except those across the Umshyrpi Bridge, have been extended for 17 hours from 5 pm to 10 pm from 23rd July 2018, the Government said.
If the MDA 2.0 Government does not want to convene the Special Session, it must accept the decision of the Cabinet.
In the first seizure, police seized 1.85 lakh tyngka, in the second seizure, 2.875 lakh tyngka and in the third seizure, police seized 6 lakh tyngka. date of July 2023.
“We expect up to 70 participants including those from Assam and Sikkim.
The rivers are worshiped as Mother and the Nature is worshiped as God.
Another reason for Rihanna's fame and popularity is after she launched her own beauty company Fenty.
These children also know that the deer helps to spread the sohmylleng which is rich in Vitamin-C because it eats it well (along with the shyieng).
Police from the Fire and Emergency Service rushed to the scene to spray water on the truck to prevent any tragic incident.
Shillong: The Islamia Secondary School, Shillong, which was founded by (L) Hakeem Mohammad Ismail, the father of Shri Sayeed Ahmed, who is currently the headmaster of the school, has announced that to the media on the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of the School in Shillong.
The Seng has already clarified this in the past few days.
Speaking on the occasion, Biangbor L Paliar congratulated the youth who have taken the initiative to join the KSU, because it is not a forced responsibility. He also recalled the issues that the KSU has taken up in the past such as the demand for ILP, the opposition to the Railway and other issues that the KSU has taken up in the past. it stands to fight for the great cause of the nation.
The public should be encouraged to seek information through RTI and should also monitor the audit reports.
John Leslee, who will contest against Conrad K Sangma from the UDP, said that even Bernard N Marak, who will contest from the BJP, is not the right candidate for South Tura. many crimes and illegal activities.
The tournament was closed with the prize giving ceremony, where both the Chief Guest and the Chief Secretary distributed the prizes to the winners.
Other women who spoke said that until the government gives a satisfactory answer to the ASHAs, they will continue the strike and while it is silent they will not leave their homes to fulfill the duty as directed by the Government.
Look at the pictures of the trees, which are well preserved, so that you can recognize and understand the past and the way of life of those who came before.
It was on that day that the Chairman of the meeting announced that on the monument should be written (1) Bah PN Syiem is the Khlawait of the Khasi people (2) U Bah PN Syiem is the tree. (3) PN Syiem is Moses and (4) PN Syiem is Tirot Singh the second.
She said that at present, the production of garbage from households in Jowai including the market has reached 60 tonnes per day.
According to the residents of the surrounding areas, including the village authorities, even when the people are suffering, the MLA of Ranikor Constituency does not visit them in different villages. to meet and sympathize with them and to discuss with the people affected by this disaster how to act.
Sputnik Spartan beat Malki by 5 wickets and NFU beat Sunrisers by 43 runs.
Shillong: The Shad Lyngdoh of the Raid Shabong Khyrim Syiemship will be held on the 16th October 2019 at Rangthylliang Shad Square, Pynursla.
The symposium featured speeches by two great thinkers of Khasi literature, Dr.BR Kharlukhi on the topic “The Beginnings of ABK in Khasi Schools” and Babu SS Majaw on “The Beginnings of ABK in Khasi Schools”. Both of them are former Presidents of the Khasi Authors' Society.
George B.Lyngdoh said that the TMC party in the state strongly opposes the social settlement on the border between Assam and Meghalaya and for this reason as leaders. to oppose and demand the cancellation of the MOU signed on border settlement issues.
This comes after the Assam government has released the final draft of the National Registration of Citizens.
However, on 15 December 1947, the leaders of the 25 Khasi Hills signed the Instrument of Accession (IOA) with the Indian Dominion. I'm from India.
The Youth Eing of the UDP has also warned the people of the state not to participate in the schemes issued by the Ministers of the National Party.
Because the word KORBAR RI is the most important and meaningful word used in the administration of the traditional Dorbar Hima of Ri Hynniewtrep.
By facilitating and expediting the payment of salaries to ASHA workers is the least we can do to repay them for their dedication and hard work.
When the notice was issued on the 5th, we the residents didn't know, they passed the village and for that reason we are against it.
It seems that this project has been completed.
This is also happening here in Shillong, this is happening in Jowai, Nongstoin, Tura and others.
Politicians/political parties are afraid to make us understand many issues related to education and society because in the end it will lead to the point where we will not be able to choose more than that.
Shillong, July 5: The PWD Khlihriat Sub Division has taken too stingy to repair and repair the road which has been covered with earth since 31st July and nothing has been done yet. The village leaders of Borghat village today met with the SE Jowai Circle PWD to inform him of the urgent need to resolve the problems of the people of Borghat.
Sputnik SC won the Shillong Cricket League Super Division 2022-23 after beating Rangkynsai SC by 34 runs in the final. .
The dorbar will be held on the 1st November at 11 am at the Wapungskur Stadium.
Dr Roytre has been an MLA for 25 years and is currently the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
On the other hand, the JAC Sohra has warned the management of the CHC in Ichamati not to issue these birth certificates to foreigners and if found, they will punish these people who release them. birth certificate.
At that time, it was reported that they had announced the name of Ma Shibun Lyngdoh as the new President of the party and immediately there was a stir inside the BJP office as many of the State Council Members wanted the post. The election for the president will be held according to the party's constitution and the BJP leaders believe that this is an act of violence.
Regarding the cleaning of the Umiam River and the road, Bah Twinkle Buhphang, Rangbah Shnong of Umiam, expressed his satisfaction to see that the women and auto drivers from the village, have the cleanliness. They have the spirit and responsibility to bring about a clean environment in the village and that is why the village has supported them.
On the changes she will bring as Minister, Dr. Lyngdoh said that although she does not know exactly the positions assigned to her or the departments she will hold, she has promised and confirmed that the issues will be addressed. which the people of the State have been expressing for a long time, should be taken into consideration and resolved one by one.
In Anantnag, Jammu and Kashmir, a college has 5,000 low-income students, but provides food for 7,000 students.
“If you pay for MGNREGA, you pay 230 tyngka per day while we pay only 33 tyngka if you buy only rubber,” said one mother.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Ranikor Circle today inspected one of the branches of the State Bank of India Ranikor Branch. and the working methods of the office.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said that the police conducted the raid after receiving a tip at midnight on the 11th that the robbers had come to hide in the area. Police have recovered an AK-47 rifle, 14 rounds of ammunition, a knife and a motorcycle from Guwahati with the assistance of Assam police. don your registration number AS 27 D
On the same day, the Chief Minister also convened a meeting of the Electricity Department in the state and at this meeting it was said that something needs to be done to build the electricity supply. to set up a solar park and to have a waste incinerator to generate electricity.
It is for these reasons that many fields have now been abandoned and when the result is a shortage of food, and when there is a shortage of food, many kinds of evils occur in society.
In South West Garo Hills, 3 cases are at high risk.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 82487 and out of these 80012 have recovered and 1423 have died.
Thank you Sahep for this,” said Bhalang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said the party will contest the mid-term MDC elections but will depend on the number of candidates.
The Seng under the leadership of Sport Secretary Eric Nongkynrih has donated to four youth leaders through the Shlem School of Martial Arts in Mawlai Iewrynghep.
Bidhan Ballav (Sikkim) b).
Such a decision is impossible.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai said that the government should open this school for the benefit of the students of the area especially as there is a shortage of B.Ed schools in the state. The JAC has sent a letter to the government.
