Looking at the population in Meghalaya, Christians should not be surprised because they account for more than 75 percent according to the 2011 census but if we look at the situation elsewhere, they may have a feeling.
Furthermore, he said that with the increase in education and expectations, especially following the birth certificate and that women have a great respect in society. It is clear that just because they are women, they cannot take part in the decision to choose who will rule them in the villages.
In the featherweight 54-57kg final, two Sachins competed for the gold medal, where the Services boxer defeated the Railways boxer.
When asked about the Mawlai By-pass, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the bridge is in good condition but the connecting road has been severely affected due to the heavy rain.
Sources said that no signs of injury were found on Victoria's body except for scars on her neck which appeared to have been stabbed.
The remaining four works have not yet been completed, as the State Government has not allocated up to 90 percent of the land to the Road Construction Department.
Those villages and areas which fall under the State of Assam shall be governed by the rules and regulations of Assam.
He said that his election campaign is not against any candidate but with the people against poverty, hardship and how to improve the development of the constituency as a whole.
“We have decided not to announce the candidate for the JHADC for now,” he said.
The world is as it is now only because of the GRACE OF GOD. Amen.
“The past years of engagement under your leadership have been a journey that will be remembered with great benefit.
But the father was angry, and promised to go to the authorities.
The JSM also informed the engineer about the increase in the price of electricity bill of the residents which has made it difficult for them to pay during this time of crisis.
I would like to give a little news to the elders who can suit to shor the name Nongmynsong in the language of the poets called Lal Chand Bazaar, as I know and know from some stories if it is true that these The elders are truly the work of the people who love the nation, not like many who just shout in public meetings, do you love the nation? which is very – very important in my own thoughts.
The meeting was attended by the ADC. After receiving this announcement from the MSPCB, the District Administration should follow the rules and regulations decided by the MSPCB and expect The District Administration will implement the order of the MSPCB within 14 days.
On the other hand, the HSPDP wants an investigation by the experts to find out the truth about the lightning in this area and once the investigation is completed they will issue a report to explain to the residents of the area. or the area to relieve the snow and the ice.
“Religious people have been chosen to be teachers, not only to teach in schools but to be teachers in the path of righteousness, to lead people to God”, said Most.Rev.Wilbert Marweiñ. address.
On the day of the meeting, in the presence of HANM, HYC, AIM and others, the contract teachers had planned to stand in the Assembly and carry placards to demand, but They were banned by the law enforcement authorities from attending the Assembly, so they held a mass rally on the streets to protest and shout after the Assembly opened to inform the government and the state leaders.
On the request of the Advocate General, the Court agreed to extend 45 days to remove all the minerals.
After a few years of completing his science studies he became a wise man and famous in the world for his ability to research and discover all these things.
The Code clearly states that it does not prohibit or prohibit non-government teachers from participating in public affairs.
True freedom is the achievement of economic democracy.
However, the government has not yet responded to this decision.
“It is not appropriate to bring a picture that has been taken elsewhere to put another one in the House,” he said.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday held a meeting in Sohiong constituency to invite the people of Sohiong to join the VPP. The VPP party has had supporters to work together to shape the country.
In the past few days, speeches, condolences and memorial services have been held for the late Prof Martin N Majaw, MLA, former Mawhati Constituency and other leaders who have entered politics from the field of teaching. , and saw in the newspapers comments from some especially regarding the involvement of my father in political parties at the same time when he was a teacher before getting Hill State and I remember my father especially when recently the government order banned the teachers of Govt Aided Schools and Colleges from taking part in politics.
An investigation is ongoing to determine the cause of death.
Shillong, March 23 : The BJP North Shillong Constituency has honored Bah Donbor Rumnong who won the third place in the Mr. Physique competition of the WFF Pro AM Championship held in Vietnam.
Melajied said the government should improve the boundary and erect signs on the right path.
However, as of now, the signing of the MOU between Conrad and the Chief Minister of Assam in the presence of Amit Shah has nothing to do with the discussions or opinions with various leaders.
Shillong, March 30: The investigation into the expenditure of funds for the Monolith Festival has been suspended until now after the Executive Engineer of PWD, who was appointed by the Executive Committee earlier, has been appointed by the Executive Committee. he left without completing the investigation.
For that which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit" John 3:6
He also recalled the past 40 years in Patiala but said that at that time the facilities were not as adequate as they are today.
In fact, the total income of farmers in four states like Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, and Bihar has been lower than the income of farmers in Meghalaya or the farmers of Punjab.
On the other hand, Bah AL Hek promised the SEPSD to take care of this issue and said that he will send a letter to all these departments for the relocation of the factory and if there is no way to relocate the factory. the factory may be shut down or suspended.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaintia Hills District has demanded an apology within 24 hours from Banshkem Martin Jyrwa for his unfounded remarks against the people of Jaintia Hills on social media.
In the second half, Hardy Cliff Nongbri scored two goals in the 76th and 90+2 minutes to make it 5-1
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, police have arrested a man involved in the arson. Scooty and shops were destroyed.
Rahman, who holds the post of State President of the BJP Minority Morcha, said the bill was against the minorities of the North East.
The Women's Assembly of KJP Synod Sepngi in collaboration with Mawkhar SC has organized this three day tournament for the Presbyteries under the jurisdiction of the KJP Synod Sepngi. Your project will be held at the JK KJP Synod Sepngi.
On the part of the President of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Chandra, he gave his words of encouragement and also encouraged especially to Nongkasen as a new unit, to continue to work hard.
“PA Sangma has a close relationship with the people of Rongjeng.
According to the Bible, the nature of the universe is shapeless and chaotic.
Shillong, July 11: The BJP in Meghalaya today protested against the government's failure to pay the salaries of the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) for more than eight months. now.
Shillong: The Education Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through this statement congratulates and congratulates all the students of Hynniewtrep who have done well and reaped the fruits of their hard work in various examinations. , which include Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC), Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) and others.
Criticizing the Khadar rule, Bah S Osborne Kharjana said that the Government of India is led by the BJP which has the goal of implementing the Uniform Civil Code which is a threat to the minorities. who are Christian believers.
Even after the Seng has sent a letter to the Asst.Executive Engineer of MePDCL Amlarem Sub-Division on 30/03/2021 and then to the Executive Engineer of Jowai Distribution Division on 09/0 12/2021, but the department has not believed anything until today.
JCBs on public roads :-About 14 years ago in Khliehriat, a JCB hit a Maruti and all the occupants of the vehicle died immediately including their wife.
Nongpoh: Rongdop FC has won the 1st Invitation Football Tournament, which was organized by the CE Society at Umdihar Stadium. Nartap FC beat Nartap FC 5-4 in the final on Saturday at Umdihar.
We send our condolences to the family of Dr Sailo and pray that God will heal all those who are suffering from this disease.
One person has died today.
On the same day, a program was also held to honor the youths of Nongnah Village and one of Kenïong Village, South West Khasi Hills District who have brought fame and glory to the village and the district. Greatmercy Langte, the winner of the Spark Mrs Northeast India 2023 competition which was held recently in Guwahati, won the Spark Mrs Northeast India 2023 competition. Mrs. Northeast India Brand Ambassador.
In South Garo Hills, 3 cases have been confirmed as high risk contacts.
Shillong: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) has sought clarification from the Government of Meghalaya regarding the conduct of a land survey for the construction of the border proposal. without the knowledge and acceptance of the owners of these lands and the people living in these border areas.
HANM members who were released from jail today are Willstone Soh Shang Vice President, Liverpool Kharbani Chief Organizing Secretary and Kynsaibor Kharbani Sports Secretary.
“The Chief Minister said that the government will hold a meeting before considering the inclusion of the strategies from the Nongrim Hills Dorbar Shnong in the State Disaster Management Action Plan,” he said.
Also, to enhance the festival, there will be many famous dancers and singers from the state who will come to Pynshngaiñ.
Lajong opened the scoring in the 57th minute through Colinsalmon Lyngdoh followed by Deibormame Tong in the 61st minute.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima said that Modi will visit the Law Kyntang and its surroundings.
Francis's appearance was excessive and unreasonable.
We will start implementing various construction projects in 2023-24,” he added.
“The government has a goal to provide adequate health facilities for the citizens so that they can get good health.
Don't drop spirits.
Speaking on the occasion, Vice Chancellor Dr. Alicia Gatphoh spoke on the achievements of the University and the need to establish a University Alumni Network and to strengthen the working relationship between the students. alumni and the University to contribute their knowledge.
The new office bearers of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle for the year 2024-27 were sworn in by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President KSU Sengkmie in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, Youth Organizations and other invitees. KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has also read out the working papers of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle since 2019 – 2023.
"Many of these prostitutes, they do it at home or in hotels.
He said that Article 19 of the Constitution (Clause 5) clearly states that it allows the District Council to protect the identity of the people.
Vinesh Phogat, Bajrang Punia, Ravi Dahiya, Deepak Punia, Anshu Malik and Sangita Mor have withdrawn from the UWW Ranking Series to be held in Zagreb and Alexandria due to The decision has shocked the Government, which has provided compensation to the athletes under the Target Olympics Podium Scheme (TOPS) to support in the fields.
That is why God wants man only to believe and do what he believes – because it is only by grace that man is saved.
The incident happened at Shangpung Poh village yesterday.
Shillong: Many of the senior leaders of Ri-Bhoi District today decided to follow Bah DD Lapang as their political leader.
In a statement, the newly elected President of the party, Bah Yoki Mulad, said that on the same day the former President of the party was dismissed, the party has renewed its position. Yokima Mulad, President, General Secretary, WLDkhar, Publicity Secretary, Forming Lamare, Office Secretary Rang Tariang, 10 Executive Members and others. others are members of the staff.
Nongpoh: U Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, today visited the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) and the Central Agricultural University. Central Government Departments and those related to agriculture.
They came near the house but found that the lapbah had fallen.
Jowai, Naitung, 30: The Rotary Club Jowai (RCJ) on Saturday renewed its office bearers for the year 2023-2024, which is also the 28th Installation Ceremony held at Infinity. Mooralong Restaurant, Jowai.
He said that according to the Central Water Authority, the availability of water per capita has decreased and by 2050 there will be a water shortage if we do not take care of the water supply.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has closed down the house of Bah 19-19 to prevent the spread of the disease. R.Kharjana, Central, Lower Mawprem, from today, until further notice.
Before the meeting, Aibandaplin Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA candidate from Mylliem Constituency from the VPP party, welcomed the meeting. He said that if the rule of law in our state is clean, the Voice of The People Party (VPP) will not be born but it is because we see that the rule of law in our state is corrupt and corrupt. , the VPP party will play chess.
It is worth mentioning that the Rangbah Shnongs have been in darkness and have been reluctant to issue any certificates after the Court has revoked the powers and authority of the Rangbah Shnongs. on the ground that they never operated through recognition by law, but were merely illegally.
On the part of the Chief Guest, he congratulated the KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit for continuing to provide assistance to the poor and needy.
On the same day, the members also recalled their last meeting with him at the Shillong Press Club on Saturday but did not expect that he would pass away the next day.
Therefore, the Government of India has the right to send Meghalaya to the two states so that the ethnic groups, language, literature and literature will survive. the country will become stronger and more powerful in all aspects.
They were identified as Kery Mawlieh, who is suspected to be involved in the murder of a foreigner in Mawlai Mawroh on the 1st of June Regarding the killing of 2 statesmen in Ichamati on 27th October
Geralyn said she agreed to close the door when the baby cried, but she didn't know if her daughter's crying could get louder and louder. in the days to come.
Furthermore, today we will continue with the interview with Rupang.
“It is through the hard work of three pastors including Rev DR Moksha, Rev. LR Makdoh and Rev. DE Syiem and hundreds of elders that the Ri Bhoi Presbytery has grown in their faith. Rev. BR Pamshong, adding that there are about 12 pastors and elders who have started the Ri-Bhoi Synod and who have stood up. The Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod (RI Synod) has been able to reach its 25th anniversary since its foundation. Synod," he added.
An elderly man who did not want to be named said that the reason for the opposition of the Khasi Pnar people to stay in Assam and return to Meghalaya is on the basis of land, language and language of the people. They live there, according to their race, religion, customs and traditions.
Shillong, Nailar : The Ramakrishna Mission has held an award ceremony for the winners of the 48th Annual Cultural Competition held on 20th July at Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Quinton Road, Shillong with the participation of 214 participants. There are 10 winners from various institutions in Shillong and surrounding areas.
HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani, HANM Women's Wing President Biti Jyrwa, Mawkynrew MDC Banteidor were also present at the swearing-in ceremony. Lyngdoh, who is also known as Bah Paidang, was also present.
God sees the truth but wait.
Resource persons from DDMA, MATI, Civil Defense & Home Guards, State Search and Rescue Team, Fire & Emergency Services, Shillong, District Medical Team and others, will provide training on many issues related to first aid. if the lynshop is strong.
Most of the time, the focus is only on the song and dance but Ki Khanatang Ka Aiom Tlang thinks to entertain everyone and those who come there are happy to bring their children.
He said this allegation by the Karbi is a false allegation and a scientific trick.
The MLA of the area, Mukhim, said that there is a need for a secondary school in the area to help the children in terms of education.
“In the second year, in 2020, despite the outbreak of Covid-19, we have prepared a Youth Ministry so that the youth in the Church will become more aware of the Word of God. .
On the other hand, u Bah Tynsong said that since the 1st of June this month, there are about 340 people who have died and this assistance will be a sign to help the families of the victims. “I have lost my children and my parents in this disease,” he added.
Therefore, in order to bring about economic development in the state especially in terms of electricity generation, Dr Mukul urged the people to understand and cooperate, so that what is the purpose of MeECL and state governments will be successful, he added.
For readers who haven’t seen it or don’t do facebook, let me tell you a little bit what happened.
He said that it is time to fight to free the nation from the imprisonment. “It is the intention to allow those kharlieh kharsaw to invade our nation. We will not rest and from now on we will announce that we will withdraw the ILP,” said Robert Kharjahrin.
However, until now, although the government has fought hard, it has not reached the end and if it can continue in another government.
This approach is in stark contrast to the approach of Western countries and some of the largest countries in Asia that have relied on carbon-emitting factories.
When the government officials arrived at the scene, the people had already dispersed.
In connection with this incident, the Assam Police have also arrested two suspects involved in the kidnapping and smuggling of these children.
Some of the public digital assets that support this initiative are Aadhaar, UPI, Co-Win, DigiLocker, Diksha and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Sunn said he will take up the issue of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam in the Legislative Assembly from the 13th of this month.
“I hope you will pass and prepare for the interview,” said the brother.
On the same day, the Minister also launched the book “Trees of Shillong” published by the Department of Forest and Environment.
Jowai, November 05 : The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body invites all the students of Jaintia Hills who have passed the examinations held for the year 2021-2 They will be awarded the Academic Award on the 50th Anniversary of the Society on December 17,
It would also be illegal to play with the lives and deaths of our own people, when even the central government spends most of the country's money on health.
The death of Bah Marbaniang has left the family in shock and there has been a demand for a thorough investigation into the death of Bah Marbaniang.
With two goals scored, the match became more and more intense for both sides and they struggled to score, but until the end of the game they couldn't score a goal and managed to share 10 points each.
Following the rapid increase and spread of one of the diseases known as Covid 19 or Corona Virus in English which we Khasi consider as Khlam disease, the Government of India The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has immediately declared a lockdown across India to prevent the spread of the virus.
In connection with his robbery, Atiq has stolen T.29 lakh from the property.
At the start of the match after West Bengal took the lead, Meghalaya managed to turn the tide after taking the lead twice, but in the second half Meghalaya failed to turn the tide.
Mawlai SC opened the scoring in the 10th minute through Dajiedlang Wanshnong with the assist of Nikelson Bina.
It is to be recalled that on the evening of 24th November 2017 at about 5:00 pm, Bah Damas Nongkhlaw, a person with disabilities, deaf and speech impaired, who was sitting in resident of Mawñianglah Village, Upper Shillong, was shot dead by four robbers who shot and beat him until he sustained serious injuries to his face and other parts of his body. back.
When surveyed and consulted with residents in many areas on their experiences with the presence of insurgents, residents said that they do not sleep well and are disturbed from time to time. time and this is part of intimidating and enslaving them to do as they are commanded.
Shillong, Naitung 31: West Shillong MLA Paul Lyngdoh and Sengbhalang Leader Angela Rangad have disagreed on how to elect MLAs to the Legislative Assembly.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew, Managing Director, Online Tent Service Centre, congratulated the Ministry of Entrepreneurship Skill Development for opening the Online Tent Service Centre. Center to implement various types of training or skill development such as Assistant Computer Operator, Beautician, Tailoring and other types of skill development programmes.
The general secretary of the HYC said that the party will not stop but will continue tomorrow to demand the ILP and 14 issues as announced earlier.
He said that these jain are from Uttar Pradesh.
The football tournament started on 23rd July 2022 and featured about 22 teams from various clubs in the area.
This ban on coal mining has severely affected the income not only of the coal miners but also of the coal traders, coal miners, coal miners, shops and all those related to the coal mining.
Shillong: U MDC of Nongthymmai Constituency and Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor on Tuesday said that he was shocked to see in the Times of India that he had a meeting with Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and other Chief Ministers of the North Eastern Region have met with Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to discuss the allocation of funds to boost the development of the country. They also decided to introduce a Panchayat system of governance in the state.
Where do you see the Khasi dress? They live here in Shillong but I don't see them dressed in Khasi.
When we accept Jesus/Yahshua as our Savior and surrender our lives to Him, we allow Him to control our lives.
The cooperation of MLAs of political parties to form a government has pleased only the MLAs while the supporters of the parties in the defeated constituencies have been humiliated by the team of the winning MLA in the ruling party. , and the works in the Block have been done by the MLA's staff in the government, to choose to provide schemes especially the schemes of the state government which can be done at will.
Shillong, March 31: Isilda Mary Thyrniang, wife of HANM President Arphul Kharbani, has requested the DC of West Khasi Hills District to revoke the MPDA Act against her husband. It says that the allegation of burning the office is completely baseless and unacceptable.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Khasi Forum of Un-Aided Schools (SKFUS) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Rajya Sabha MP Prof. Rakesh Sinha to inform the members of the SKFUS. The Central Government on the neglect and rejection by the State Government of the schools run by the Seng Khasi.
This child was helped by the training of a famous runner from Sakwang, Jomsingstar Ramsiej.
Israel will be saved under that RAIN. When the branch of it (Israel) has sprouted and put forth leaves, you know that the rain is near.
Dr. R. Laloo said that although there are blocks and health centers in West Khasi Hills District, which have reached 95% vaccination coverage, there are still many other blocks and health centres. and West Khasi Hills, District, has the highest number of vaccinators who have not completed the full dose of Measles Rubella vaccine.
However, if teachers are still of age to apply, they can do so, depending on their own wishes and pleasure, and they can apply again for the In-Service MTET if they do not pass and if they do not was appointed at all.
In the second leg, Khadsawphra College, Mairang beat NEHU, Shillong 3-1 while Shillong College beat NEHU, Shillong 3-1 Bhoi Synod College, Umsning beat Morningstar College 5-3 in the first leg of the tournament.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal said it is not known whether these people are dead or alive.
Meanwhile, the Waheh Shnong of Khatkasla said that we are very grateful to Nehimaya Tyngkan for this good deed and we hope that he will continue to do good deeds for the betterment of the community.
The driver of the truck (AS-01GC-0721), Midas Jat, was also injured in the incident and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The accused is from Bataw village, but the Bataw village authority said that Bah Rupsi has not been in the village for nine years.
“According to the estimates, 483 houses have been destroyed, 949 people have been affected, some buildings have been affected, such as schools, churches, and others,” said Kyrmen. .
They should also comply with the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act
The President said that the restructuring of the country's economy is essential.
Vehicles coming from Mawlai Bypass to Lad Mawroh who intend to reach Polo, when they reach Lad Mawroh Lai Dong, have to pass through FCI to reach Polo and so on.
Recently, Congress party leaders DD Lapang, Salseng C. Marak and HDR Lyngdoh admitted that they met Sonia Gandhi at her residence on 10th Janpath to tell her about the activities of Dr Mukul Sangma. He has done something wrong especially in the case of peace and order in Garo Hills.
Meghalaya has been placed in Group A with Arunachal Pradesh, 12 states and 10 states to compete for the title. Meghalaya, Goa, Assam, Services, Kerala.
These families have received assistance with household items such as blankets, blankets and household items.
Finally, he urged the public to cooperate closely with the staff in charge of these areas so that we can avoid being infected by wild animals. They love their children because the light that comes from the spirit of the ksew has nothing to do with the light that comes from the spirit of other human beings.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, he said, “As I said earlier, they will not win more than 10 candidates, according to my estimate.
When Rupang tried to talk to some of the residents near these electricity poles, they laughed and could not answer, and said that they were ashamed to publish the news that u there is a tree instead of an electricity pole in their village.
Shillong, June 19: Gracemary Kharpuri, MDC of Nongshken constituency and EM in charge of forest department of KHADC, has decided to contest the 2018 MLA election from Pynursla constituency. “Shen in July or July I will discuss with my supporters which party I will contest from,” said Grace.
The Roster allows any job to go to any ethnic group according to its eligibility,” he said.
In all our activities, whether small or large, we must dedicate ourselves to our country.
The FKJGP leaders found that the KHADC (Enforcement) Police had gone to provide the necessary documents of the foreigners instead of the foreigners going to the District Council.
How difficult it will be for West Khasi Hills to increase in the number of literate people if the government provides more assistance in accordance with these demands for the West Khasi Hills. the people".
Thus, Putin said that for the first time, Russia's hard work and efforts have been successful and it is believed that this war will rule against Ukraine.
The Deputy Commissioner, Supply, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced that the Fair Price Shop Dealers and SK Oil retailers in East Jaintia Hills District for the year 2022 will end. on December 31,
He said that the dissemination of information is like a budlum when there is any disaster whether it is natural or man-made.
Dipankar Baruah scored 86 runs off 46 balls while Snehal scored 17 runs off 19 balls.
Since then their home has been peaceful.
About 200 sohniamtra farmers from Wahkhen, Nongshken, Nohwet, Nongblai, Pynursla, Sohra, Khadar, Tyrna, Mawphu, Nongsteng and Jaintia Hills attended the ceremony. Hills such as Thadlaskein and West Garo Hills have come to take part in the festival.
"Now I am voting for the first time in my life to elect the President and it is the one I trust the most and that is me," West wrote on Twitter.
The guests were first welcomed by the General Manager of the Airport Authority Guwahati, followed by the Deputy Commissioner of Assam Kickboxing Association and Deputy Commissioner Kong RM Kurbah IAS in Nongpoh.
The manner in which Dr Ao reported that he would immediately resign from the government and then hand over to the ED and CBI for investigation shows that these are his weapons which he has kept while right.
Replying to a question, the Symbud Myntri said that the HPC has revealed the size of the rooms proposed by the government.
If you look at the social media platforms, the preparations have been very impressive, especially the publicity, from the flex, videos or teasers and other dissemination about the Meghalaya Games
The celebration was held with a football match at Mookyndur Ground and a song performance at Ummulong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Ummulong, on the 8th of this month.
In fact, due to extreme time constraints, I have asked not to talk about unnecessary things and to speak directly to the issue.
“We have seen these raids on shops regarding the presence or absence of proper documents from the district council, but they don't have the authority to do this but only the enforcement wing of the district council. The district council can do this if necessary,” said Bah Pathaw.
The cause of the curse has changed.
Finally, I wish you all a happy Seng Kut Snem and we wish each other that we will be happy in all aspects and that we will 'bear holy fruit'
Expressing hope that the peace talks will reach the goal, he said, “We have the hope that the talks may reach the goal.
Up to 10,248 government employees will conduct the elections in 2,562 polling stations, Naik said.
We know that recently these elections have been held in the states of Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, and also the elections to the City Council in Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The ANVC-B (ANVC-B) leader Bernard N Marak, who has now assumed the post of Nokma, has expressed his anger over the government's proposal to allow the Nokma. MMDC has decided to mine coal in the state.
A house in Mawlai Mawiong Umjapung has been completely destroyed by an earthquake.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 25th July 2013 has left for Brichyrnot village to take part in a public hearing convened by the MSPCB on the proposal of M/s Green Valley Industries Ltd. She expressed her surprise to find that the meeting has been cancelled.
In Numbers 12 chapter verse 10, we see that God rebuked Miriam and Aaron, “And, behold, Miriam was leprous, as white as snow; and we have done too much.
From 15th July, these meetings will start from the state government as well as in the districts if necessary.
After this goal, Dulong fought hard and this shocked the spectators and in the 24th and 26th minutes Dulong scored two goals.
These cannot be combined as it will be against the Constitution of the country, he said. The Governor also sought clarification on the amendment to Rule 128 of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous. The District Council Rule 1951 relating to the status of electors to implement this Bill, has shortcomings.
Dr. Dilip Kumar Jaiswal, Chief Executive Member of the BJP, expressed his satisfaction with the meeting with these religious leaders and at the same time promised to speak to the government. The BJP-led Mother of India has spoken specifically on the issues raised by religious leaders that Christians in India should receive special protection.
KS Kropha, Addl.Chief Secretary, Home, was the chief judge along with Addl.DGP, Law and Order, YC Modi and BR Rana, IGP. (CID) as well as other judges.
Another 60 helicopters and fighter jets were destroyed, including a Russian warship, which crashed in Moscow.
Look for ways because we don't want to stay here.
“There were two very tall sums and they came closer to me and I shouted and said “My name is John.
With the addition of these two MLAs, the party's majority will increase to 28 from 26, even without knowing the results in Sohiong which will elect the leader on 10th June.
“The Assam Government has sent the Eri Silk Building to demolish the Eri Silk Building in Meghalaya,” he said. Madan Umwang is not funded by the Sericulture Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
Expecting her to arrive in Tura today, several residents of the village took to the streets near the Circuit House to demand that she should leave.
Furthermore, Bah P.Nongrang said that those who win first and second places in the State Championships will not be allowed to participate in this championship.
He said that drugs have brought about 40 kinds of evil deeds especially the ability to rape young people and dare to commit various crimes.
Saeed shot dead his daughters inside his residence in Haveli Nathowali area just for the sake of the honor of the family.
The Tripura government has announced that the border market in Kamalasagar-Kasba, Sepahijala district will be reopened next month. , 2023).
This application will not be accepted after July 5, 2023.
SNSBH has a major role to play in driving this work.
The FKJGP under the leadership of Bah Marbud Dkhar, Chief Organizer, met him on 31st November.
Therefore, if other states in India have signed both the Instrument of Accession and the Instrument of Merger in which all the longtrai rights have been made public Bill or nationalized along with the pension for the rulers but the Khasi They have only signed the Instrument of Accession which means that their Private Bill is still in force from the Khadar administration to the land tenure system.
This will also be a way to exchange money for the garbage thrown from the houses of the people.
Regarding these issues, the KSU Eastern Border Ara through its President, Bah Banjop Maring, said that the KSU strongly opposes the introduction of the Assam electricity distribution scheme in the border villages. He also urged the Meghalaya government to take immediate action to stop the electricity distribution scheme and if the Meghalaya government does not act silently, the union will not hesitate to take other measures. to implement in these border villages and while the development works from the Meghalaya government does not have land in these border villages, he added.
“I have done many things such as the abolition of the army's land acquisition in Shilliang Umkhen, the establishment of the Boundary Commission to resolve the boundary, the work permit and others,” he said.
The highest incidence of malaria in men is in Aizawl, Mizoram at 269.4 (Age Adjusted Rate - AAR) and the lowest in Osmanabad & Beed, Maharashtra at 100,000 inhabitants.
Another issue that has affected the BJP elections in these four states is the allegation that the BJP is trying to divide the people by religion.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 15 : A heavy landslide has occurred on the National Highway Ratacherra-Ratacherra Hills due to heavy rainfall in the past few days. Malidor where all vehicles have been stopped in the area for more than 24 hours and this has caused problems to the people who come and go from this road as they have not received food for more than 24 hours.
If it can be achieved only twice a month, then we can increase the number of days off mobile phones and soon we will be able to reduce this bad use of mobile phones without stopping even for a moment.
The SP said four stones were thrown at the minister's residence and the man also carried a knife before being arrested by the minister's family.
:U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Tourism, Social Welfare, Arts & Culture and Textile, Government of Meghalaya on 4th November, inaugurated one of the tourist attractions called The Synrang Mawrin Tourist Spot has been completed at Mawten, South West Khasi Hills District at a cost of T.1.27 crore from MGNREGS and T.10 lakh from BASIN.
“The city during the rainy season was promised to the Garo people 50 years ago during the struggle for statehood but was half abandoned by the former leaders and was revived and put back on the list of demands before signing. "It's a social peace," said Bernard.
At the same time, Court Order no.
“If you look at the roster, take the example of the roster when we demanded that the appointment should be suspended, he said that the government will not suspend it. Regarding the demand that the Roster should not be implemented until 1972, the Prime Minister said that he will continue as it was brought by saying that we will go to court and now how do you see, the appointment has been suspended. “Thunjam as we demand and this shows clearly that it is he who is the leader who has to look carefully on what basis he stands,” he added.
The relatives of the deceased immediately informed the village authorities and the police.
Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, DrC Lyngdoh MLA Umsning, C Marngar MLA Mawhati and 2 MLAs Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang MLA and Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare did not attend the meeting.
Because if there are many people who want to be president, one wants to be president, one wants and another wants, how many will be appointed president.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) strongly condemns the arrest of four journalists by the Assam police today (27th November, 2021) at 4 pm.
The Seng Samla Seng Khasi Kmie would be very grateful for your willingness to spend your precious time dedicatedly and serving your own religion and customs as laid down by God the Creator.
He said that the relationship between the states and the central or federal government of the country will continue and there is no fear, but it is an attempt to intimidate.
Marak, who is also the Dy.CEM, was elected as the Vice President.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency, said that this day is a special day as a sign of the celebration of the 5th Anniversary of the Ranikor Constituency. Nongkdait-Nongtwah IVCS has been implementing activities in the community and within the village.
As part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, more than 1 crore people from 22,000 Gram Panchayats took part in various cleanliness activities.
When I was sick in the hospital, I thought I might die suddenly.
Until now, there are still mysteries.
He urged the traditional healers to monitor such patients – to provide assistance and also to protect themselves.
The Vice President of the HSPDP said that the PDF's forced passage of the VAB is only to please the Governor and the Legal Department of the State Government by removing the basic provisions of the VAB. VAB.“The repeal of Article 5 (8) and Sub Section 16 of the VAB has been like removing the gate to foreigners by allowing only the Rangbah Shnong and the Executive Dorbar”. “We cannot ignore these rules because they are necessary,” said Bah Ardent.
All liquor shops and liquor shops will be closed on this day and the relevant authorities will ensure that no one violates the law.
And we will find in the New Testament that Jesus says that the husband is the head of the household, not the head of the household.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice-President of KSU Amlarem Circle, in which all the people agreed that the construction of this road should be stopped first as it has been completed.
Besides, many women from the state and other countries including local entrepreneurs, SHG leaders, intellectuals, writers, journalists, university students and women who have contributed for the welfare of the community.
Member of the Synod Committee, Samla Jasper.
In the house, they shall place five rows of fires lynter lynter, on all four walls at a distance of about 4 feet from one row to another, but the inner round tree shall be about nine feet long. of tbian.
Speaking to this reporter, many of the drivers of small trucks said that the income they earn is small but they have to pay T.50 tyngka when passing through Upper Shillong.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School won the tournament by beating Jowai District Presbyterian Secondary School 1-0
Statute- Aiñdorbar A law passed by the Legislative Assembly before deciding on the enactment of a full law which can be passed publicly in the society of the state. the dorbar for the purpose of rejecting or repealing any law passed by the dorbar, if it is found to be lymbiang or dkoh in its implementation in society.
“The office bearers and senior members of the DPCs will be allowed to accompany the procession from the State Central Library to the Chief Secretary Point. .
I would like to thank all the editors who have provided space for this article.
U Bah Sawkmie, was accompanied by Bah PN Syiem, Deputy CEM, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy CEM. shimti to this work.
“When asked why the party does not cooperate with the NPP, he said, “It is not that we don't want to, but it is that other parties want to sit together and see what to do next.
Your friend has been using an electronic device for five months.
She admitted that after the Pro VC came to the guest house where they were staying, she gave him a handshake but he refused and said, 'I don't want to shake hands with these people. The FIR said that all the participants were evicted from the guest house and only the President was sent to stay alone. him.
Conrad said that Dr. Mukul Sangma is in the midst of doubt whether he will win the 2018 elections. “I have won two constituencies but I will tell you that he will win in both constituencies,” said Conrad.
Ribiang Dkhar scored three goals for Rymbai Shkenshynriah in the 57th minute, Chanmitre Thma in the 61st minute and Kynsai Lhuid in the 89th minute. Damang Kharbangar scored the third goal in the 11th minute.
The NPP leaders should not be stingy to reach the MLA Election
The Bank was established on 26.02.1976 under the Meghalaya Cooperative Societies Act.
The Registrar General of India (RGI) has also been directed to provide clear information on websites, messages and other information related to the Draft NRC. The Government of India has ensured that every individual shall receive a fair trial and shall be respected as a fellow human being.
The final match on this day was very impressive with the skills of the girls and boys from all four schools and which impressed the spectators.
The village has a Village Employment Council (VEC) to oversee, review and implement the MNREGS scheme of the Government of India through the Nongstoin Block Development.
The explosion was also heard about a few kilometers away from the city and strong flames were seen rising from the explosion site that day.
Meghalaya has had to compete with projects constructed in Australia, China, Argentina and Tanzania.
I appeal to the political leaders not to talk about the Population Structure or Roster System.
Not only to Israel but to the Gentiles and all the nations of the earth to recognize and accept His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ.
She said that the house where Kong Belinda and Bah Michael live is an old lyntang house and it is believed that this is because they left a strong shawla and slept lyngngai.
The citric acid contained in soybeans is used to digest food and improve the functioning of the stomach.
Organizing Secretary: Tiplang Shadap Mannar Members: Risumar Shadap Lapasam Lapasam Phailus Suiam Maximos
And anything that doesn't have its own and is just followed by others, that means they have already lost their minds and will always fail in some way.
He said that there were some people who tried to throw stones at the police and CRPF, but with the presence of some elders and village leaders, they were able to explain, until they were killed. these people can be destroyed.
Many of the injured were not able to see.
However, from Porïu to Malangkona, it has been crowded and even if the people want to go to Riangdo, they find it difficult.
They are the dark ones who show off to the world that they drink.
Sunil Mohanty, Senior Member of the RSS in charge of Arunachal Pradesh, recalled the founding of the RSS by Keshav Baliram Hedgewar in 1925 in Nagpur.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 101 new cases have been confirmed and 2326 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Korbar said that the Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association (HIA) includes all the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War people. the market and includes all the bases.
In the women's category, Sparkle won the title after beating Dinove 44-35 and received a cash prize of T.10,0 the trophy.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in a statement today said that due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the employees of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mairang have been ordered to leave their homes. on 30th June 2021 and after that to quarantine themselves and not to meet anyone or leave their homes for 40 days.
When asked about the announcement by the Government of India that the CAA has been exempted from the implementation of the CAA in the Sixth Schedule areas, including Meghalaya, the Congress MLA said it is necessary to disclose this to the people. rules of the CAA, then it shall be believed that the CAA has been exempted from the Sixth Schedule areas.
They believe that the candidates elected by them at the high level, the supporters and loyalists of the party will obey without hesitation because they believe that if they say they are white, the supporters of the party will agree. The party should also join hands and if they say they are white, the party supporters should also join hands.
UDP Leader Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, while talking to reporters, urged other ethnic parties to come and join hands in the effort to produce one voice of the Jaidbynriew.
The SP also expressed his concern over the seizure of drugs and said that it is at a time when the police department is working hard to crack down on drugs in Meghalaya. drugs that are more dangerous than heroin.
Erwin expressed his surprise that after the MPLU and HTTA have lodged a letter of complaint with the DC RiBhoi, but at the time of calling for a meeting to resolve the issue, the The DC has invited only the NHAI officials, the village headmen of 20 mile and the land owners, but the complainants have not been invited at all.
Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in his closing speech, said that today, it is the issue to discuss the border between Meghalaya and Assam, where he should bring the SK Sun, but the issue had to be withdrawn, as the member is no longer in the House, he said, adding that this is the first time in the history of Meghalaya, that a member shall die during the sitting of the State Legislative Assembly.
There are three candidates for the post of Rangbah Shnong, Adam Khonglam, Moonstar Rumnong and Rapbor Roy Thangkhiew.
The FKJGP leader also asked the IIPH whether the Degree Course MPH which it provides to the students is recognized by the Medical Council of India (MCI).
NPP demands state government to improve application process.
The syrpai syrpud, the meat, the dait, the clean milk, the kynud, the kynoi, the name of the burim, are in this name KMIE. I myself find only one thing in the character of a mother that is LOVE, it is the love that fulfills any desire and shows good deeds to her children, the sacrifice of her children. children, suffering, faithfulness, patience, instruction, and self-control, are in this name.
When asked about the measures taken to curb the insurgents, Lahkmen said, “The state police have taken action to curb the activities of the insurgents. “The state police have taken action to ensure that they do not enter Meghalaya,” he said.
God does not forbid man to get rich, but man must know the laws of God, that the love of wealth and greed is a terrible sin.
He said that our desire as a nation is to include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of the Government of India. On our part, we demand that the State Government should continue to implement the aspirations of our people.
Speaking to reporters after receiving the letter from Mondal, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the implementation of this scheme has brought many benefits to the people. However, the delay of the government in paying the bill and especially the material bill has caused problems to the people and the village as a whole.
IV. Once a Year/Once a Year and Once a Year There are other festivals of various religions which are held once a year, once a month or once a year.
This is the law and custom of the Khasi Khara from the beginning, which he has sworn before God and man, that, while he holds this law sacred; God is above and below, and he will judge you.
Manchester United also continued to win with a 2-1 win over Brighton and Hove Albion.
Not only that, but even the two 10+2 schools which have been provided by the government for the area, the government and the leaders have not taken action to improve, because as happened in In 2015, the students went to school without teachers.
The Minister also expressed the preparations taken by the State Emergency Operations Center, Districts, which have used the Common Alerting Protocol (CAP) for the immediate issuance of announcements and warnings. Response Support System (ERSS) which is the information through the App of the Government of India.
On the other hand, she requested the government to turn to her and to Bah Ïaraplang Rymbai to provide any assistance to her to earn a living, because she has to go to work. They don't have the strength to work in the past.
The teams that represented the four other commands include APS Jabalpur II (Central Command), APS Devlali (Southern Command), APS Akhnoor (Northern Command), APS Ratnuchak (Western Command) and APS Ganganagar (South West Command).
The meeting concluded with a public meeting, in which the village leaders agreed to send the public meeting to the DC and Excise Department, in order to show that the people in these villages I'm against this Kyiad shop.
Synrem said the party has demanded that the government should appoint a CBI inquiry into the allegations of corruption in the Saubhagya Scheme. An independent inquiry headed by a retired judge of the Allahabad High Court has been appointed into the MeECL corruption scandal. scheme".
Shillong: The Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Smit, today announced that the annual prayer to God the Creator is to uphold the Riti and Hok established by the Longshwa ki. Earlier, for the benefit of the children of the Hima, the Shad Nongkrem in Smit this year 2019 will start from the 6th and 7th of November.
Speaking to reporters, KSU South Central East President Ennocent Khongstia and the elders of Raid Shabong today showed the names of the people who appeared in the list. to the committee election.
Through this annual meeting, the Longkmie of the village, expressed their gratitude to those Longkmie who have been able to unite the Longkmie in the village and which has lasted until today, who have come together to work together to bring about economic development and welfare in the community.
“We have thought about this for many years and we have found that this farm in Lahaleiñ is suitable for this project.
“It's been five years and we'll look at it and try to avoid Sunday,” said Prestone.
In the past, people used to cook ja with phandieng, wood, pom, cut and dung to make powder.
The Sujalam 1.0 target was fully achieved on 15 June 2022, with the availability of nearly 1 million soak pits for households and villages.
Road and railway bridge inspectors have been set up in many places.
East Khasi Hills has 195 new cases while West Garo Hills has 126 new cases today.
The ceremony will be held at the Dorbar of the Kur on the 26th of this month at Wapung Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Principle/Ideology of the HYC is to conserve the culture and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people and not to change them completely as some groups have emerged these days to take away from the country. guy.
Referring to the allegation that Process wants to share in the T.324 crore from the mining of uranium, he said that on his part, he has made it clear that under his tenure as MDC of In the next four years, there will be no uranium mining and no uranium mining.
Niuma, without forgetting the nurses, doctors and experts who treat those infected with covid-19 and who are still working hard to find medicines, treatment and prevention from this disease.
I have never heard of Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemning the attacks on Christians in his program “Maan ki Baat” or in any of his tweets while others are quick, what does this mean?
KSU Umïam Circle on this occasion also visited these foreigners and found that the foreigners who came to work in these factories do not have the necessary documents and do not have the necessary documents. and provide the necessary documents in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the Government.
The owner of the shop, Milan, admitted that on Diwali, he wanted to put up a picture of Modi, who brought about economic development in the country.
He said that now in the state, the people are suffering from unemployment.
“We request you to address the issues of the Punjabi Colony in collaboration between the three groups and the Government of Meghalaya,” said HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh in a letter sent to Shah.
Police said that two others had conspired to attack the National Assembly.
On the implementation of the NEP 2020, Kumar said that many of the students of the school have been selected for MBBS, Engineering after their struggles. that Exam.
“However, we are surprised from the information we have received from the office of the Executive Engineer PWD Building Shillong Division that there has been an increase in the price of T.177 crore without the knowledge of the Lamphang's office. The Executive Engineer, Shillong Division said that the price approved by the HPC was T.141 crore while in the Proceedings of the HPC it was found that the price received was T.141 crore. .127 crore more," he said.
According to a letter signed by the Deputy Commissioner, EJNC President Sanjoy Bareh and General Secretary Mebanteilang Sukhiñ, the EJNC has expressed its concern about the condition of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills. Hills, where the road has been damaged and filled with water and there are places where the color of the road has faded due to heavy rainfall, there are many places where the water has flowed. “Although many people have complained about the condition of the road, the complaint has not reached anywhere and the road has remained in a state of deterioration. the passengers.
Besides Mawkhan, Phlangmawsyrpat won the second prize of T.50,0
Of the 41 cases, 29 have recovered from the disease, one has died and 11 are still undergoing treatment, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam.
The Kopati Puja is usually held every November every year after the harvest of the rice fields which have been worked for ten seasons, which the Lord has given and filled. our thiar for all four seasons, and who has given us in good health until we have been able to gather and bring home the grain.
When I reached Sawphurlong, the doors were closed. Where can I go? I went to the Polo Ground.
Speaking to reporters, L.Lyngkhoi President of HYC Shiliang Wah Blei Area Unit, said that after finding out about these incidents, the HYC has tried to meet with them. beneficiaries of this scheme.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday promised to do his utmost to assist farmers regarding the death of pigs due to suspected African Swine. Fever (ASF).
Neymar did not play at all because he suffered an injury during the match.
The Minister of Water Resources, Uma Bharti, said that the maintenance of the Ganga River will be a priority and the government will also look into other needs for the development of the river. take good care of them, elsewhere.
However, the incumbent MLA Prestone Tynsong did not attend while the MDC Jansing Tynsong informed that he could not attend because there was a program elsewhere. You cannot come outside the program in your constituency.
Because this day is the beginning and not the end even after passing the training.
“He has fled without anyone to chase him away. In fact, if he wants to flee without feeling sorry for the party leaders, he should have done like me, to go back to the people,” she said.
• These days many young people have begun to understand the struggle of the nation but if they want to participate in serving the nation through the Sengbhalang but unfortunately their parents or relatives discourage them. and they also block immediately.
We feel that our voice does not reach the ears of the government.
Shillong, Nailur 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today laid the foundation stone of the KJP Synod Women's Hostel at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw. Everyone.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
“The people of the state obey the government, even if they increase the bill, they pay but they have raised the question why they don't get the electricity,” said Bah Mawthoh.
To live in peace and order in India, the Central Government must respect the law empowering the minorities.
“We will inform you again after the decision has been taken by the groups of five MLAs, and so far the five MLAs have been united in helping each other,” she said.
That new world is prepared to be inhabited only by those saints who have died for the name of God and those who have been cleansed by the blood of Jesus Christ.
The BJP Meghalaya has not yet announced its candidates for the Shillong and Tura MP elections.
We also want to have a beautiful parking lot because it is not a small place but a big one,” said Bah Kynta.
Today's match is for the third round and Chipakkore has won the third position while Wa'sa has dropped to the fourth position at the MDSA Ground in Mawkyrwat. Reinjoywell Wasrde (31), Lastbornson Marwein (60) and Iaidborlang Thongni (90+1) scored the goals for Mawten.
Referring to employment, he said there is a need to create opportunities for employment outside government jobs.
Village elders and school children marched about 3 kilometers from Rimrangpara to Allagre Health Center with banners to protest against the lack of doctors and staff of the CHC. that even those who have to be treated urgently are sent to wait until another day.
In the interview, Cornelius explained about the band, saying that in the past 40 years, they have been playing metal songs and they want to introduce them to the public. They took this decision in 2019 and since then, they have changed the name of their band to 'Khasi track 4 metal' They have changed the genre, there has been a change, in which there are four more musicians who have already participated with them, who is known as Lancaster Mawthoh (vocals) and the group He said that it is not an easy task to translate metal songs into Khasi music.
On the other hand, Bah Donroy Kshiar, said that the union demands from the state government and also from the Minister in charge of Electricity, to implement the 132 KV in Nongpoh, so that the The public will be protected from the increasing power outages.
Debangshu D Sangma, IPS SP, Anti-Infiltration Directorate, has been appointed as the Commandant of the 1st MLP Battalion.
Shillong, Naitung 02 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not yet decided whether it will contest the Lok Sabha MP elections next year.
Jobs from others include government jobs, factories, call centers, and others.
Police arrested Bhutto, but the crowd surrounded the police and started attacking the police team to release Bhutto who fled the scene.
Indore: Workers, who want to go home too much, have to enter a dewbilat cleaning machine in Madhya Pradesh, because they want to go home too much.
The Estimate Committee of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya led by Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA as Chairman met with the Estimate Committee of West Bengal led by Dr Sudipto Roy, MLA as Chairman. knor.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle, Pynursla today elected its new office bearers for the term 2023-2
The weapons seized include an AK rifle, two SBBL rifles, one SBML, nine pistols, two AK magazines, one .303 LMG magazine, three rounds of ammunition. SLR magazines, two INSAS magazines, nine pistols and magazines, three grenades, one 36 High Explosive Hand Grenade and many other firearms.
Therefore, it is something that is surprising and keeps the citizens in the dark.
He said that the Government will look into both the improvement of the existing or the search for a new site as this will also have an impact on the funds and will have to look at what can be more profitable and how to use the funds. which is already there.
You're Not Shivat.
Sder, Mawmang and Mawsohmat are the villages which do not have roads yet and the residents of these three villages face many difficulties in coming and going, in carrying color and especially in disease. it's hard.
The Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya has organized a program to encourage and congratulate the men's football players of the state who will take part in the U-14 and U-17 tournaments. The 62nd International Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2023 will be held in Bengaluru and Delhi.
How many of us understand the meaning of corruption whether in the state or in the country? Many times it is heard that the people from time to time talk about corruption whether in the villages, districts or even in the state or the country, but most of the time the talk has been They don't understand the true meaning of corruption.
In Ranikor, the Congress has nominated Jackiush Sangma, the NPP has nominated Martin M Danggo, the UDP has nominated Pius Marwein and the PDF has nominated PN Syiem. He alleged that Danggo's departure from the Congress was for personal gain but not for the sake of getting the Civil Sub-Division.
On this occasion, Samla Franky stressed that the Government should create opportunities for the athletes of the state to get jobs and also there should be a special allocation for such sports. even if it has nothing to do with the Olympics to encourage the youth to work hard and diligently in sports.
The court has given the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the KHADC until November 13, 2022, to submit their report on the court's request.
The newly elected members were welcomed by the President of the UDP Ranikor Circle, Bah GB Bung Snaitang in the presence of the MLA of Ranikor, Bah Pius Marwein.
As an institution established on the basis of public recreation, the Trust takes responsibility to move forward with the objectives of its efforts on days and times. how to come ter ter.
In 2017, the shooting death of Gauri Lankesh, editor of Lankesh Patrike, a weekly Kannada newspaper, showed the courage of Hindus to defeat those who speak against it. darkness.
The brightness of the Khasi culture in the past, which was like the brightness of the moon in the sky, has begun to fade, and turn into jngut and to destroy. you Khasi accent.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday announced a monthly increase in the salaries of MLAs of the state by Rs 40,0
The final match between these two teams will be witnessed on Saturday to decide the new winner.
At the same time, he asked all the leaders of Christian churches, whether as religious leaders they feel that Meghalaya, which is known as a Christian State, should be made a place of slavery.
He said that to set up the Science Stream requires a laboratory, good books and many schools do not want to set up the Science Stream because it is too expensive.
The Jews may not have known that, but God had already spoken and promised, because God does not lie.
“In just 25 days, I won the Unnati at the All India University.
The residents of this village and the entire area come to the market every Tuesday or go to Gamerimura Market (Assam) 23 km, Mangsang Market 20 km (East Garo Hills), Dhupdhara Market 38 km. (Assam) but for various needs they go to Riangdo Market 22 km or Nongstoin Market 67 km.
When you say “Ka Kmie” it is a very short word and only one syllable but when you think about how bright its meanings are so broad that I can't understand especially when you say KMIE how much it is holy, beloved, and honorable, that is the name which women wear in their bodies.
Therefore, in order to improve the hospital and strengthen the service to the people, the Pastors' Association of the KJP Synod Sepngi, has arranged to raise funds for the hospital, by holding The friendly football tournament was held in all the districts of the KJP Synod West including East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Heibormi Sungoh, Headmaster of Khadar Nor Upper Primary School, Shangpung, who gave a special speech on the life and contribution of Kiri Dhar. , who was the Daloi of Shangpung District at that time, said that Kiri Dhar was born in 1823 in Shangpung. Before becoming Daloi, he held the post of Sangot and was the assistant to the Daloi in the affairs of the village and the Elaka. After the death of the Daloi of Shangpung, Riang Shylla, the elders of Khadar Nor elected Kiri Dhar to take over the post of Daloi. through the “Thmat-thohkhyndaw” and in 1852 he took over the post of Daloi at the age of twenty-nine years.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that this program is held every year as a sign to encourage those employees who have the spirit to work for the betterment of the country. “Even on a small salary, we should respect them,” said the MLA. On this occasion, these Anganwadi workers were awarded with gifts and certificates.
He said that such incidents will come to light in the coming days because the students have understood their own power and NEHUSU will take steps to provide full support for such victims.
“The election of Dr DD Lapang is because he is a man who works, a good leader who has contributed to Ri Bhoi, the state as a whole. Because you have joined the Congress, you have succeeded”.
Then, while we were waiting for the Rakhi to begin, a man came and sat next to me.
The child told police that her father had raped her since she was in Class 6 and after that, he continued to commit the crime.
Through this meeting, they also expressed their concerns about the compliance with the rules of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules (MMCR), 2016 that miners should obtain a Mining Lease or Quarry Permit. The poor people in the small farms who work by hand without machines or equipment don't have the ability to pay for many things, and they don't understand this. and perhaps this will also affect the freedom of rights of the owners over the land of Shyiap.
The number of cases in the US has risen to 22,19,976 with 1,19,099 deaths, making the US the country with the highest number of cases in the world.
On the other hand, the wife has phoned her son to Shillong to see if he has come to Shillong but he has not arrived.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Ritiraj Ravi said, “In relation to Shella P.S.Case No.08(04)2024 and Shella P.S.Case No.09(04)2024 u/s 302/ 34 IPC, in connection with the murder of (L) Ishan Singh and (L) Sujit Dutta in Ichamati, police on Saturday arrested a suspect named Ostarnic Marbaniang, 34 years old. Your residence is in Jaiaw Laitdom, Shillong.
The chief guest at the meeting, Prestone, said that he expressed his gratitude to Kambel Shullai and his family for his ability to introduce this technology.
According to the order, Section 144 CrPC was implemented after receiving complaints and complaints from the public that there are people who use these methods of killing by throwing bombs, drugs, throwing jars/tyngsong and other methods of hunting for the species that live in the Rimen River, which passes through the villages; It was also heard that there is illegal logging without understanding and responsibility in these villages. Sohmat and Bhowal Syiemships are located in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Police of the Special Cell of East Khasi Hills on Saturday evening at 4 pm, have arrested four prostitutes and an agent. he is the one who bargains with the men and he delivers these women to the men whom he has already bargained with.
The longest period since the day of the descent of the Holy Spirit (Pentecost) is the period of the WORK of the Holy Spirit until today.
Speaking to reporters, Arnes declined to answer when asked whether as BJP Meghalaya leader he supports the CAA. and he could not speak of it.
Lamlin Riahtam was elected as the new president of the LKCPTA in place of RN Rymbai, while Alansius Lynshing took over as the new president of the LKCPTA. AA Wankhar has been appointed as Treasurer.
In the Bishop's parents' house there is now the youngest sister, his brother-in-law, Maximum Sangriang and their six young children (the Bishop's Pyrsa).
Replying to a question by the Harijan Panchayat Committee that the government intends to evict them from Themmotor, Tynsong said, “We have not said to evict the people living in Them metor, but the government has there is no intention to move them to a better place".
This person just wants to do politics because of the Assam Assembly election and the party understands that she should not interfere too much in the security affairs of Meghalaya and should reconcile the state.
Shillong: The FKJGP Sengkmie invites all members of various circles and units across the Khasi Jaintia Hills District to attend the opening ceremony of the 30th Anniversary of the FKJGP. 18th June 2019 Saturday at 12 noon at Shillong Polytechnic, Mawlai.
On the other hand, Dr. Alice promised to the Seng that she will take action as soon as possible within this month to look into all the problems faced by the people especially for those families who have to leave. to receive the benefits and also to create mechanisms how to monitor to avoid these problems that are often encountered.
Therefore, the Sengkhihlang requests the Presidents/Secretaries of various Sengkhasi and Seiñ Raij departments in the Hynniewtrep Hills to attend the Dorbar. Please send two representatives from the Seng Khasi or Seiñ Raij to represent their Seng Khasi or Seiñ Raij.
Deputy Director of Social Welfare, LM Momin launched the flag organized by the Ministry of Social Welfare and the Meghalaya Cycling Association.
According to the legend, Sajar Nangli was one of the Ministers of King Borgohain who ruled the Jaintia Empire. Syiem Sutnga in the sixteenth century.
“I have already issued a directive that we should expedite this work which has been delayed as we have a shortage of staff in the police department in the state,” he said.
It is by his choice of evil that he falls into sin, and the result of that sin is suffering and misery.
Shillong: On the occasion of Christmas, the Shillong All Faiths Forum sends its best wishes to all our brothers and sisters who are celebrating this season.
Reliable sources said that the group is not formed by the rich or groups of the people but by the MLAs who are currently in the coalition government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA). .
Shillong, June 10: According to the census of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, the highest number of voters are from Khliehriat Constituency; The turnout was 83.42%.
Among the many reasons, some of these things are too late.
The state assembly elections will also be held in Andhra Pradesh on 13th June, in Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim on 19th June and in Odisha on 19th June. , on January 13 and 20, 2024.
The word sin 'lei 5 years' has a meaning that devalues ​​the leaders; It is an insult to the elected rulers, especially the 'Suid Sah Snem, who are money launderers and money launderers during elections to win their own people, so that they can benefit themselves. It doesn't matter whether those who stand up are right or wrong, whether they are dead or still standing like siej lung or whether they speak bu-bu-be-be like bula klong ha ki. Dorbar meetings, or as knowledgeable leaders, who have the strength, the ability, to lead to the goal, or what?    It is because of the many 'bula klong imat' that the 'Suid sah years have been destroying the world that they have not received what they expected.
He also congratulated the Seng Samla Shnong Umjaraiñ for taking part in this project and urged them to continue to work hard to bring about improvement in the community.
Ephesians 6:17.
Bah Theorydore Myrboh, Head of the Dorbar Shnong, praised the ITFAA, for through the Trade Fair, it has been able to promote Meghalaya as one of the leading tourist destinations and also as a trading hub.
Lerry was partnered with Rajesh Bishnoi (14 runs) for 40 runs, followed by 30 runs for Amiangshu Sen who scored 27 off 25 balls.
Zechariah 12: 2–3.
Apples are rich in pectin fibre, which is known to help reduce the amount of fat in the body.
She said that once the decision is made, anyone can question it according to the rules of law.
The fourth group of Indians left Port Sudan for Jeddah.
If it hadn't been for our flags, we wouldn't have got a full State on 21st July
Shillong, Naitung 12: Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has donated money to the Karate players of the All Meghalaya Karate Association (AMKA) to take part in their tournament in Chattisgarh.
In the Khyndailad area, there has been a slight difference in that the roads have become cleaner.
Nongpoh, November 11: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) together with the District Administration of Ri-Bhoi District on Saturday celebrated the International Human Rights Day under the theme “Dignity, Freedom and Justice for all”. " at a meeting held at the District Library.
However, the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the Thangskai Dorbar Shnong have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills to cancel the PRC of one out of 10 MBBS students from the open category on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, NPP sources said that the NPP has tried to talk to the UDP to work together in the GHADC elections to defeat the Congress but NPP sources said that the talks between the party have failed. and the UDP is one while the UDP is another.
There will also be others from other states who will have to be punished.
The second man was born in Sylhet (East Pakistan) to the Kharbithai tribe.
Gurjit said they have been living in Them Metor for about 200 years since their ancestors and they are full citizens of the state and they do not allow anyone to tell them that they are foreigners or foreigners.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : Mawlai SC have come to an end in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League (SPL0 2021-22) without losing from 12 games. Rangdajied United FC beat Rangdajied United FC 3-2 on Saturday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
This road, if built, will pass through Nongstoin, Nobosohphoh and Langrin Hima and the Hima that will benefit from this road will be Rambrai Hima, Myriaw Hima, Nongkhlaw Hima, Mawïang Hima, Maharam Hima and these three Hima. not mentioned here.
Let's continue with this difference. 55.90% of the people in this state (seventh rank) don't have houses but our candidates have street houses. 29.88% of the residents of the state (second) They don't have assets but the candidates who have emerged now have many and many kinds of assets. 9.10% of our people (fourth grade) don't have bank accounts but they are standing. 76% of the households in the rural areas do not own land but those who want to become legislators have large land.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 6,282 and the death toll has risen to
Lt.Sadlier of Nartiang led the army; I'm going to Umpara.
Shillong: Miss Maina Chetri (15), resident of Hindu Mission, Lumdiengjri, has been missing since November 21,
He said that the government is looking into the problems of the farmers to improve them through various programs led by the government such as FOCUS. The Mawhati Farmers Association (MFA) has also submitted a petition for the provision of assistance to the farmers. The Prime Minister has promised to provide a Solar Processing Unit to support and develop the farmers. farmers through the Ginger Mission.
The semi final of the first round between Rangdajied United and Shillong Lajong will be played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai at 1:30 pm.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills and Riwar Mihngi Circle on 1st March, 2023 conducted a search operation on trucks carrying illegal cattle smuggled to Bangladesh.
On the opening day of the three-day Amrit Yuva Kalotsav, Shri.Phagu Chauhan, Governor of Meghalaya was the chief guest.
They said that the reason why these land owners have not received the money, is because of the misconduct of Bah Min Makri, who has received the Power of Attorney), but until now he has not paid the money, which has already been paid by the government to these land owners.
In the struggle of Tirot Singh Syiem against the British Government who wanted to unite Guwahati and northern Sylhet, Bangladesh through the Khatsaw Phra Hima in
What else will happen in the new EC?
The woman is the only caretaker, The land is the shyiap of thousands;
The age limit of 18 to 21 to join the police force has deprived the youth of their education.
“I remember that about 20 years ago, this distribution of money during elections was never heard and the candidates went to the people with love and when they won they did their job,” he said.
Furthermore, he said that just to get drugs, these children do not hesitate to steal and steal in order to buy drugs and this is clear in many places where children are arrested for drug trafficking. It is suspected that they cannot steal or steal just to get drugs.
India will host the G20 summit in New Delhi on 9 and 10 November.
The incident happened at 4 pm, when a motorcycle heading towards Guwahati collided with an Innova heading towards Shillong. That the driving on the road, vehicles were driven only on the same side of the road, because there was a collision with a truck which fell into the riat.
“People who can contribute should be appointed and not just sit back,” said Dr Mawthoh.
However, at present they receive a few benefits including footpaths, small schools and other small assistance either from the personal elders of the area or from the villages.
Seven Nepalis were injured in an attack in Israel and 17 others were abducted by Hamas, he said. spokesperson of the Government of Nepal.
Shillong: Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, 51, son of Stevenson Kharkongngor, resident of Mawlai Kynton Massar, has been arrested on Wednesday morning. ), Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong in the presence of RP Agarwal, Director General of Police, Meghalaya, in the presence of other police chiefs, at the headquarters of the Ministry of Police. State Police Department.
She also discussed the infertility center at Ganesh Das Hospital.
These community groups have worked on income generation activities and other related activities such as POSHAN Abhiyaan, Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan, Gram Panchayat Development Plan and others.
Adelbert said he believes that his resignation from the VPP will not have any impact, and that all the people who elected him as MLA, MDC love him on the basis and when he left KHNAM and he left with the foundation.
“I thank the Minister for listening to our concerns and we will now wait for the next letter from them (Central Government) to inform everyone,” he added.
At the meeting of the Project Approval Board (PAB) between the Ministry of Education, the Government of India and the Ministry of Education, the Government of Meghalaya, it was shown that in the two years, 2020-21 and 2021-2 decrease in enrollment by more than 1 lakh in all types of schools.
"(Lk.23:43).
The Seng in these days will lodge a petition with the CEO of Shillong Municipal Board to deploy security guards in this area and to immediately remove these people involved in such crimes. These types of activities and furthermore, before providing accommodation to any person, should be thoroughly investigated.
So far, no cattle have died, but we will have to be careful because it takes longer to calm down.
About 20 foreigners have been forced to leave their homes after the Khasi Students' Union – Porkhadoh Area Unit found that they did not have proper documents such as labor license and work. permit'.
Luizinho Faleiro said the meeting with the party leaders was both encouraging and inspiring.
The residents have given time to the District Council to issue the NoC within a month to withdraw the BSF troops from the boundary of the village.
Meanwhile, the party's General Secretary, Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh, said that the party's manifesto will be discussed with the experts.
Robert Downey Jr., who played Iron Man in Avengers Endgame, has won the love of moviegoers around the world through his comics and through the success of the film. also the highest income these days.
The village, which has been placed under the containment zone, has been warned against the people and not to go to the area and also the residents of the village, not to leave their homes and If anyone is found to be in violation, they will be punished according to the provisions of the Act.
For the first time in the history of the Meghalaya government, the Chief Minister has invited editors and journalists to attend the talks with the Sengbhalang. Dozens of journalists, senior journalists, who listened to the talks between the two sides, which lasted about an hour and a half.
In the first final of the Under-14 women's category, St Mary's Higher Secondary School won the title by beating Pine Mount Higher Secondary School 39-31 basket points.
If the PHCs and Sub-Centres are not adequate and do not work properly, this should be brought to the attention of the Government in Shillong.
“A case has been registered at Sadar Police Station against HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem, HYC Vice President Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Assistant General Secretary Isaac Basaiawmoit and other unidentified persons. The survey will be conducted on the morning of 23rd June,” said Rituraj Ravi.
Ryntih received these sports equipment on 22nd October 2023, when the Deputy Commandant of Assam Rifles, AK Lakhera, came to present these gifts as the Chief Guest in the presence of Bah PT Passah ADC. the EKH as the chief symbol.
Expressing the same feeling, another student, Sanriiariti S Kharbuli, said that she is not happy anymore.
The Trinamool MP also demanded that the Indian minister, who has been opposed to the increase in LPG prices at a time when the BJP is in opposition, should express his views on the issue. I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because of this sharp increase in prices in these days.
India have won seven consecutive unbeaten matches and 11 times in all World Cup matches.
During this journey, he had the opportunity to visit the Pukni in Lad Demthring who had groups in the area.
The trucks carrying coal from Nongpoh to Umling were fortunate that there was no gearbox or axle breakage at Puriang and Sohryngkham.
The incident happened at Barato village in West Jaintia Hills.
Pakistani terrorist groups have been active with the help of Pakistani army and their government has been planning to carry out attacks in connection with the G-20 Meeting in Kashmir on 23rd and on the 24th of January," the source said.
Shillong, Lber 12 : The BJP in Meghalaya will continue to monitor the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule of the Constitution. The Constitution of India, although the people did not allow the Party to form or lead the Government of Meghalaya.
The people now want a clean government like the BJP, because it is only the BJP that does not allow corruption in the state, a government that can maintain peace and stability in the state. to have large roads, they want large and good schools.
“The SMAC is set up in the city and the information is strictly distributed among the members of this group.
The demands of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission include the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution, the restoration of the illegal soskular between the Meghalaya and Assam, to evict all government employees and illegal Khar metor drivers in Iew Mawlong area, to revise and improve the impartial recruitment policy in Meghalaya, to investigate by the CBI or the House Court to investigate all corruption cases in the state, to investigate by the CBI, to investigate by the High Court to move quickly and punish the police who shot dead (L) Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, to appoint him immediately to immediately repeal the 'Khalai' or known as the Casino Act.
The benefits of physical activity are invaluable.
He lives with his wife after his mother died in
For this cause he no more entered into the holy place with the blood of goats and calves, but with his own blood, he entered into the holy place once for all.
At the end of the hearing on November 11, the court informed that it had just received the 19th Interim Report from the Single Member Committee of Justice BP Katakey (retired).
However, I don't want to say anything on that because when a person wants to do that we can't do anything else,” said Prestone.
Job 37:22-24.
The Syiem used to visit the border village every month to collect money from these Garo illegal immigrants and used to spend this money on writing teams to Shillong.
Prestone said regarding Phase-1 of the demarcation, there have been many problems and accusations against leaders from Conrad Sangma and himself, but he said “that “He is not afraid even if he doesn't have a shñiuh but his shñiuh will stand, all this is just to do what is right,” said Prestone.
The program was enriched by a song by the students of Wahnongkseh Upper Primary School and a Zumba dance by L Majaw (MLHP) and her friends.
Although many of the residents from the village authorities have complained from time to time about the snowfall and the difficulty to see the transformation into a garbage dump on Narbong Byrnihat road which is near GS Road, there is no reason to believe that The garbage from the plastic has been left along the road which has caused a lot of damage to the appearance and appearance of the area from the visitors.
However, the government has not yet appointed a single chowkidar or guard to open and close the office, said Francis Wanñiang, one of the elders of Kyndonge village in the area.
D.) at North Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
At the end of the first half, nothing could be scored and the game ended 0 goals.
Delina Lyngdoh, Regional Coordinator, NDWM and Kong Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew, Regional Coordinator, NDWM Meghalaya Region at both these programmes.
:The song “Lano kin poi ki por” is a song that has been released recently and is sung by Kynnamlin Khongwet.
Jowai, July 9: The VDPs of Phramer village today arrested three persons for allegedly demanding money in the form of donation from a foreigner who owns a tire shop in Phramer village. Framer.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: “If this happens, there is no need to demand the Inner Line Permit Bill,” said a coal miner.
) to L Roy and Tariq Chauhan.
Similarly, Sir Akbar, the Governor of Assam Province, persecuted Syiem Sib Singh of the Nongstoin Hima in forty ways.
The Lokayukta through notification shall appoint a Prosecution Wing headed by the Director of Prosecution to prosecute any government official or government employee involved in corruption based on the complaint sent. to the Local Government.
“As soon as I received the information, I rushed to the scene and this is the first incident since I took over as Rangbah Dong,” said Bah Shanbor War.
employees).
The 51-year-old man was shot dead at about 8 pm inside Time Square in the area of ​​W 40th Street and Seventh Avenue. .
Shillong, March 18: The Meghalaya Motorsports Society (MMS) on Tuesday announced the launch of the 'Drift' Show' will start on March 20, 2023, tomorrow.
And, behold, the angel of the LORD appeared unto them in the hill country of Bethlehem, and in the field, keeping watch over the shepherds that night: and they were sore afraid.
Other leaders of the HSPDP Mawthadraishan Constituency, office bearers of the Youth Wing Central Body, Evalon Kharbani Candidate of Mawhati Constituency, Sordars, Elders and Office Bearers from the Primary Units who came to join the meeting. party and also to the supporters who have come back to give their support to the party.
Wanpoi Lyngdoh said that 4 Mowkaiaw is very fortunate to have such leaders and intellectuals who will come to power, so he urged the people to be farsighted in the society and hope that Tyngka will reach the goal of victory.
In the rural areas, the price of synsar or syrniam, which used to support the income and is also the source of income for the farmers, this year, has dropped sharply.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, on Monday, while addressing the opening session of the Budget Session of Meghalaya, said that it is the responsibility of the state to The state government is also keen to complete the border settlement in the seven areas where the incident with Assam has been going on.
He also urged the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and Longsan Upper Shillong to convey their opposition to the people's leaders from the MLA & MDC of Mylliem Constituency so that as the leaders of the people of the constituency. They have elected and empowered them, and they too have their own duty to provide the best service for the welfare of the people.
MSA General Secretary Ian Khongmen said that they will go to Darang, Mawkyrwat and other places where there are unions affiliated with the MSA. children to take part in this game.
He was found carrying T.40 lakh at his office and T.6 crore was seized from his residence.
“Whether there will be a Ministerial change between the UDP leaders,” said Bah Lyngdoh, “I don't know anything about this...let's use every day properly...let's work today and work again. tomorrow is the day.
Chief Adviser: Lele Myria There are 8 members.
During the discussion, the students asked questions and received answers and examples on the questions they asked.
He said that such people who commit such crimes should be handed over to the law of the people and the law of the nation.
The project to build the Daw Ki Bridge has been stalled for four years since the foundation stone was laid by the Union Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways Mahadev Singh Khandela in
When asked why the Congress-ruled District Council has not taken the same decision as the Congress-ruled government, PN Syiem said: “The District Council wants to look after the welfare of the traditional chiefs, so we have to take into account their feelings,” he said.
On this occasion, she said that the entire society needs to unite with one strategy and one strength so that we can avoid the youth who are still suffering from these alcoholic beverages. young.
All the heads of state of the world shall be subject to one new authority; the one world government.
Jowai: The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ( Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ) today clarified that there has been no corruption in the Central Scheme received through the Special Assistant. Grant (SAG) as claimed by the BJP which has cost tens of crores of rupees.
Speaking on the formation of the MDA-II government in the state, the UDP leader said, “We must respect the decision of the people.
Nongpoh: A young girl has escaped from the hands of a group of robbers after an auto driver tried to kidnap her. stop where it means to land.
This 'Smam City' will lead to more and more problems for all of us.
One of the seriously injured was Immanuel Lalrokung, resident of Demthring.
“One newspaper covered the whole bus, the first page in front, the third page behind,” he said.
There were 58 participants from all over the country.
Meghalaya and Assam on Tuesday signed a soskular in Delhi to end the border dispute which has been going on for more than 50 years in six areas between the two states.
These are the things that governance should be in that government.
Bipin scored four 4s and one 6 in his innings.
“We have received a letter from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government to allocate 56 persons to the State Government.
Eleven members of the new rebel group including four NLCN leaders have been arrested from across the Khasi Jaintia Hills in recent days.
“It's that son... I'm sorry for the bapli... A little knowledge but now it's useless...” The mother turned to the conversation about the goodness of Rida. son.
Twenty houses were burnt down on the Assam side and six on the Mizoram side.
Recently, SS Deb Barman, Regional Director of the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India, told the media that the ILP does not affect the tourism industry.
Bah Sohtun joined KHNAM before the district council elections in 2014 and stopped contesting after the abolition of Laitkroh.
If this is the case, the Congress party will have disappeared completely in Meghalaya.
In the pre quarter final, Niaw Wasa beat Khimusniang 2-0
Police have arrested members of Karnataka Rakshana Vedike, who have been protesting against the owners of many shops and factories especially those factories to write on signboards in Kannada and to increase the number of signboards in Kannada. face and use this word.
“This is the right time to bring about unity by winning the seven NPP candidates from Ri-Lum Jaintia on the 2nd of June which is the day to decide the victory of the MLAs,” he said. with Snowfall Dhar.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) West Jaintia Hills has strongly condemned the allegation that the police have arrested a member of the HNYF West Jaintia Hills without any basis while he was eating at his home.
The government is ready to talk to the public to resolve this issue but it will take time as it is complex and difficult,” he said.
The HNLC has also vowed to shoot dead the police chiefs involved in the death of Bah Cherishterfield.
At present, the residents of Riwar Pynursla area where Mawlynnong is located want the Prime Minister to visit the village because if he comes, he will be the first Prime Minister to visit this village. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver a public speech at the 3rd Ground at Polo Ground on 27th June at 3 pm after the meeting. North Eastern Council (NEC) in the morning.
She admitted that the party leadership is strong and will not be tolerated when there is criticism.
Recalling the MLA elections in 2018, Dr Mukul said that if you remember that from Ribhoi out of the four MLAs who won are new and this will happen in all the districts in Ribhoi. Dr Mukul Sangma's election.
It is impossible to do so, as at present, the entire JN Stadium, Polo is still under construction and also a Multi-Purpose Indoor Hall at Gr.
Five deaths were reported from West Garo Hills, 02 from West Garo Hills and one from East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
Besides, this celebration was held after the teachers' awarding ceremony, not during the ceremony.
Bah Kharmujai also explained that the Khasi land sellers are women, while the Dkhar land sellers are men.
The house was built with the contribution of members and the MLA of the area donated T.50,000 and the MDC of the area Dr Sankey Shangpung donated T.10,0
Members of the KSU also without permission drove the man away from the school and took him back to the same place where he had thrown his garbage.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent said, “As we have said from the first day, we will not back down and as the government has refused to talk about the appointment, the party has refused to talk about the appointment. The roster has been suspended until this issue can be resolved.
After the union sent a letter to the DFO, he asked for time to inspect and remove the illegal residents from the area.
According to the SDPO, on 21st March, a man named Raja Shadap had threatened the Sirdar of Wahlang to give him a place to stay in the quarter of the PHE in Wahlang. the chief was threatened with harm if he was not allowed to stay.
According to the SDPO, on 21st March, a man named Raja Shadap had threatened the Sirdar of Wahlang to give him a place to stay in the quarter of the PHE in Wahlang. the chief was threatened with harm if he was not allowed to stay.
The Bill is aimed at strengthening the functioning of the District Councils from the Subordinate District Courts, District Council Courts and Additional District Councils as well as the Village Courts through various provisions.
Dr. Ampareen said that in the state, only 32% of the population has Aadhaar.
The separation of the powers of the Executive and the Judiciary in the District Council, where the elected representatives cannot perform the duties of the Executive, is another shortcoming in the VAB. request clarification that Para 5 relating to the maintenance of sacred forests, priestly forests, religious forests, legal forests or village forests, should not be prohibited to people because it is related to religious beliefs, and should not be prohibited to other nations who are not the owners of the land.
One of the Rangbah Shnongs of Nagaland who works for the protection of forests and wildlife, Y.Nuklu Phom, said recently, “I want to preserve and protect animals and birds. and also to maintain forests so that birds and animals have places to walk and hide so that wildlife can grow and be of benefit to many churches in the state and the country”.
Kharbani said they have recently announced a dharna in New Delhi where they need the support of the Chief Minister of Assam and MPs from the North East.
It means being your own and being your own master.
Santa, who is more friendly and talkative, tells stories and laughs.
They were arrested at 3:00 pm this morning while they were driving a Tata Sumo No.AS11AC-2868 driven by an unknown Muslim. named Md.Akadas Ali (38).
The Rangbah Shnong said that during these two days, the rain has also damaged the sports ground of the village and in connection with the Fight Night which is a boxing match, it has been canceled because the match. It shall be held outside and not inside the hall or indoor stadium.
Therefore, the group appeals to the people to come together on this day to show to the Government that from now on, it should not forcibly take the life of anyone even if it is a human being. They have been wrong in their behavior but they should follow the rules of law by arresting and investigating to find out all the facts.
John 2:19 – Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent said, “If we have responsible leaders, we should be the richest among other nations and the most developed state in India. There is a flat land, mountains and rivers that attract the attention of tourists, but there is only a gap.
“Well, sir, I understand.
However, not all of these four components may apply in every case.
So, if nature has its time so does man.
Instead of around 45 minutes to travel by car, it now takes over 2 hours.
Jowai, June 11: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District today announced that the ration for the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA for the month of June, 2023 has been distributed. Release to all wholesalers for delivery to all ration shops until the 21st of this month.
Mikhail said he would take care of himself by staying away from people.
I don't know who they are talking about, I don't know, I don't get a letter, maybe they pass the MLA I don't know, maybe they don't need an MLA, I don't know elections are over, politics should end, we know how politics went in this last election, we know well how politics went in this last election, who vote for whom, who supports whom, I am an MLA who supports the people, if you have any views, please talk to me before you go to the media like you are a bork “It's a big deal, don't worry because if anything happens, you have to take responsibility for your actions,” said Kong Ampareen.
With the victory over Iawpynsing, Rangdajied have taken the lead from Ladthalaboh with 10 points but have come first by the difference in goals scored.
The names approved by the State Election Committee (SEC) include Moonlight Pariat from Jowai, Kyrmen Shylla from Khliehriat, Rona Kymdeit from Nongpoh; Donkupar Sumer of Umsning, First Force Deki Ramsiej of Umroi, Embhahlang Syiemlieh of Mawlai, Bindo M Lanong of East Shillong, Joe Marwein of North Shillong, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of Nongthymmai, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of Nongthymmai, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of Nongthymmai. Mawsynram, Dr Donkupar Roy of Shella, Titossterwell Chyne of Sohra, Metbah Lyngdoh of Mairang, Brolding Nongsiej of Mawthadraishan, Remington Pyngrope of Mawkynrew, Savio Iawphniaw of Mawshynrut and Pius Marwein of Ranikor.
It is for this reason that most of the graduates end up looking for government jobs.
There will also be a consolation prize for up to 2 categories in the competition. In the consolation prize Group-A, up to 10 rawons can win a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka each. prize Group-B Up to 20 rawons can win a cash prize of 5,000 tyngka.
Shillong: There have been 361 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 348 recoveries and 6 deaths.
Titostarwell said the amount of release has not been decided today, but it has been suggested to release 30% and this will be decided in the next few days.
Because, the present society is pregnant with vice and virtuous.
A pre-bid meeting will be organized for the interested bidders on the dates and timings as mentioned in the table below.
He gave an example of how happy he was when he saw that the son of one of the famous cricketers of India, Sachin Tendulkar, Arjun Tendulkar, who was able to play. He has led the Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League cricket tournament.
However, the most sad thing to know for the family is that after initially the Assam authorities did not allow them to bury the body of the man at Lum Jingtep, Assam has acknowledged that the area where the Lum Jingtep is located belongs to Assam.
He is one of the candidates for the mid-term election to the KHADC from the HSPDP constituency and has also served as the President of the HSPDP Youth Wing from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
On the same day, the Mawsynram BCC has visited the Working President of the MPCC, Bah James S. Lyngdoh and to discuss the work of the party. Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, presented the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on the accounts of KHADC till October Mansturdy Nongrem has asked all the members of the KHADC (MDC) if anyone wants to speak on the report.
Rewben Masangva, renowned Indian singer and musician was the chief guest and N Munish Singh, Director of Indian Council for Cultural Relations Ministry of External Affairs, was the symbud. Chief guest was the owner of the school, Bah Raphel Warjri, the students of the school and the invited guests.
Chandana's husband works as a stonemason and she has three children, three cows and three goats.
Gabriel urged the Prime Minister to include Nongstoin in the Smart Town Project.
The Youth Leadership Training and Community Development Program will end on the 27th and during these days there will be speakers from experts on various topics.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shemphang Syiemlieh BDO Mawshynrut, urged the residents to take advantage of such programmes, as they get many benefits especially in terms of health facilities for the people of Mawshynrut. you are healthy.
Shillong, July 28: Former Vice President of the Congress Party, Bah Khan Khong Dkhar, today sent his resignation letter. Vice President and also from the Congress party, in which he sent to the President of the MPCC, Bah DD Lapang.
“If this continues through the efforts of the council, it would be better for the council to repeal the Lineage Act,” said Thomas Passah, President, KHNAM State Youth Wing.
These youths have completed a training in street food cooking and food processing organized by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE). , Jowai.
The union said that such incidents of killing of people on the border have shocked the people of the area as such attacks happen from time to time.
It should not end up in tieing the tables or throwing away the papers or throwing sticks at each other.
Speech was also delivered by Bah W Ingti Secretary Social Welfare Department who said that this is the initiative of the MLA for the Garo community and said that this will be a memorable day for the department. The hostel is owned by the contractor.
The employees of the council have decided to strike indefinitely until they receive their salaries.
“When there is a secrecy of any matter, there will always be doubts on our part, and the government should take action, even if they don't want to invite the opposition to meet with them, they refused. “We as responsible leaders request the government to allow them to find other opportunities to discuss this issue,” she added.
There will be no extension of the curfew in other parts of Shillong and it will continue for 19 hours from 5 pm to 12 noon.
When asked about the meeting held last night at the house of Bah DD Lapang, the MLAs said that there was no discussion but it was just a pleasant dinner between them.
In Brazil, 39,436 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours and 1,374 deaths.
Hek said that no party can form a government alone and said that the thinking of the people is different.
It’s just crumbs and not food, fit for celebrities.
Hundreds of people including the elderly, women, youth and children attended the final.
Another requirement is for the 45 days to be 1335 days as stated in Daniel 12:1
They were rescued by the National Security Forces on Tuesday and handed over to the Officer-in-Charge, Yaingangpokpi, Imphal East.
“The demand is to introduce the Official Bill in the next session of the Dorbar, and this starts today.
Suting will contest against the incumbent MLA from Pynursla, Prestone Tynsong.
“The State Government under the supervision of the Ministry of Home Affairs should take this proposal from the people of the area as very necessary,” said a statement issued by Bah D.Sun, Leader of the Ministry of Home Affairs. establish.
““The government has collected about T.1.64 crore in the months of June and June this year, because it has come after the new rule to pay taxes through GST which the party does not pay, because the income You have to pay 20 lakh shisnem, but when you pass the new law, you have to pay less than 20 lakh per month.
He also requested the Central Government to strengthen the rules of the PM-USHA scheme, which will benefit the Universities of the State, which is still in the early stages of implementation.
Haflong: Five polling officers have been dismissed because in Haflong, which has 90 voters, they have cast 171 votes. Dima Hasao Constituency, Assam.
The General Meeting of the Kur Reapoh will be held on the 25th October 2023 at Nongbareh Rim Village, West Jaintia Hills District at 11.00 am.
Those who took part in the trek were Bah Chibor Wahlang and his team in the presence of Dr S. Momin incharge CHC, Khliehriat and other elders and youth from different villages.
On the other hand, the DC said that he will try his best to ensure that the SHGs get the attention of the people as the products they produce are among the best in the market.
The union does not want such incidents to happen in the future, and the union urges the health department to investigate or confirm well before killing. “What happened to this young man from Byrwa village is unacceptable at all, because he was declared dead while he was still alive,” said Stevenson Kharkrang. .
He said that if all the states of the North Eastern Region adopt this approach, then the ownership of the citizens will be misled and the right of ownership will not be useful at all. The petition will be heard from November in the court presided over by the Chief Justice of India, Ranjan Gogoi.
There are three types of teachers in colleges (i) UGC teachers are not involved with the state government (ii) Deficit college teachers are involved with the state govt and (iii) College posts can do whatever they want because of the You are the governing body of the college.
The ceremony was conducted by Learningrad Tariang, General Secretary of KSU West Jaintia Hills District. Speech was also delivered by Samla Ehbok Sten, General Secretary of Shillong Circle.
Only the USA, China, Japan and Germany are ahead of India in trade growth.
Speaking to reporters, Opposition Leader Metbah Lyngdoh said the ARPA also demands from the PDF and CEM Pynshngain N Syiem to punish Albinus for his remarks. They demanded that he should remove the speech inside the House and said that the speech of Bah Albinus is an insult to the KHADC , the EC and the KHADC The PDF and if the CEM does not do anything, Metbah said it shows that the PDF and the EC are also involved with Albinus Lyngdoh.
Who says that the district council stands for the people , in my opinion , it is only the business department of the MDCs to sell land to foreigners ; trading license Labor license shu used to the Syiems, Raids, Rangbah Shnongs who do not obey the Rangbah Shnongs and violate the Rangbah Shnong politics. If the Khasi elders have lost the power to manage the shares and needs of the state.
He said that the people should not be misled on this but as the youth they should stand firm on the foundation and be an example for a new way of thinking and building a good society and not to be misled or selfish. himself personally.
Umiam Police Station on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene together with the Fire Brigade to extinguish the blaze. The fire broke out and burnt down the two vehicles.
The State Government has convened a Special Session on 19th November 2019 to take a decision to urge the Central Government not to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Furthermore, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board will also take action to investigate and develop the mechanisms to investigate the issue of air pollution which has become known in India as the worst pollution in India. The Center for Science and Industrial Research (CSIR-NEERI) will also work together to monitor the situation. There is a lot of trouble in the Byrnihat area.
Former GSU leader and former GHADC CEM, PK Sangma, said that the making of Tura as the capital during the rainy season is the right of the people of Garo Hills. It was approved by the leaders who took part in the struggle for independence.
I condemn the method of planting rice in Khasi-Jaintia as they are now by clearing the forests to plant rice for one year, and after that to leave that land for many years without planting anything.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The VIII Presbytery Service of the War Sepngi District Presbytery Church held at the Lamin Presbyterian Church in West Jaintia Hills District has come to an end on Sunday. Many believers including from the north of Bangladesh attended the service.
Kherson is one of four regions of Ukraine that Russian President Vladimir Putin declared last year under Russian control.
At 5.30 pm, Pakistan opened fire on the border and Indian troops also opened fire.
However, according to the political leaders, the political situation in JHADC could change at any time and the MDCs have not yet decided on their side but their opinion is still moving to the right and to the left.
Three schools, Sacred Heart Girls HSS, Mawlai Presbyterian HSS, Iewrynghep, Nongkwar Bsic School, Christ Church Morning School and Christ Church HSS, Iewrynghep Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his happiness to be able to take part in the final of this basketball tournament, after two years of not being able to play sports due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Furthermore, it is also one of the opportunities for them to get to know each other and to encourage each other because in the competitions there are those who reach the goal and there are those who do not.
Nongpoh, Nailur 26: The Ri-Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today started the tournament at Umsning Patarim Stadium. About 64 sports clubs participated in the tournament. RBDSA came to take part in the tournament.
Anup Kumar Lakra, Head Master & Community Superior, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Charles Jana, Program Manager, DRDA, West Khasi Hills District. and others who have been invited on this occasion.
This is strong news especially for many backward and rural areas.
During the investigation, the suspect confessed that the foreign gold imported from Bangladesh was still with him and the Custom Officers seized 14 gold biscuits packed in two bags. plastic bags.
Last year, there was a need for ambulances to transport the sick, but now there is a need for ambulances to be fully equipped to save lives.
Novin Gurung scored the second goal in the 76th minute to give Lajong a 3-2 lead.
Speaking to reporters from Meghalaya and other eastern states in Parliament in New Delhi, Purno said, “In the past, during the time of Prof GG Swells, Somnath Chatterjee and other intellectuals, we are willing to leave Parliament even for five minutes we want to sit and listen to their speeches.
In the 90th minute, 7-Wasa United scored another goal through their player which helped 7-Wasa to win the title. of the Super Division this year
He regards the Syiem Sad as the guardian of the Sad House and the Syiem as a kind of weapon from outside the Sad House.
He accused the MLA of Mawhati constituency, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, of saying that he is like a husband who has just married, the husband is still pregnant for 2-3 months, he has gone to fight somewhere else.
Recently, I saw that there was a public servant who had insulted one of the government employees in our state on social media. and after a day or two they took him.
I have been elected to Namdong Cnrd Block since 2012 and I haven't received it yet.
“Politics is as sacred as human life and politics cannot be played with.
He said that if the Central Agriculture University is converted into a College of Agriculture, it will be a great loss to the state and the students of the state.
I'll see when I become a Christian.
She also criticized the Congress for not winning the fight against the BJP and for that reason, the TMC will come out. She also criticized the NPP for not doing anything in the last five years, asking how it has not done anything, in fact, it should have hidden itself and come out again after year.
This is because the population density on such a continent is small.
In fact, the English language is derived from the word "odoodem" of the Ojibwa people who are indigenous to the Americas.
The report, published by Inside NE, said that the students, who are studying at Chunni Kalan, have recorded a video to express their grief, that the villagers, have called them, “ coronavirus”.
The NPYF also expressed its surprise at the Trinamool Congress leader's attention to the border issue after he was no longer in power.
After the hearing, it was found that the number of voters had increased to 49915 thousand.
To support these officers to study for the benefit of themselves and the State especially to learn and understand how to work, the State Government will pay tuition fees up to T.15 lakh each.
Once again, I request the State Government to make strict rules for vehicles passing through the State.
The JAC of Meghalaya, which includes Khasi and Jaintia filmmakers, in collaboration with the Cantonment Board Police and CRPF, raided the computer shops in Mawlong Market.
Olsen spent his career at Manchester United until the 1988-89 season, after which he joined Bordeaux in November
The KSU Thadlaskein Unit has donated food items to three families on the 6th of November.
The rally will start at 11 pm from Motphran and will end with a public meeting at Fire Brigade Square.
Speaking to media, Bah Banlumlang Lyngdon, one of the members of the CCMC in the village, said that when the village leaders of the CCMC went to meet with those families, who were allowed to They have been urged to stay at home without going outside, but at such a time, a question has arisen from these families to the village leaders, not to They can stay at home, because they need to get food and drink and to go to work.
According to the Board, the AQI that has been proven good is between 0 and 50, “just enough" is between 50 and 100, “adequate " is between 100 and 200, “which dirty " is between 201 and 300, “dirtiest " is between 301 and 400 and “dirtiest" is between 401 and 500.
Bah Syiem said that the man could not be taken to court on Thursday as he was ill and was in hospital.
Shillong: U Bah Anthony Nongbri has joined the National People's Party (NPP) and was welcomed by the NPP leaders at the party office in Lachumiere.
“The leaders who joined the Congress have been disappointed with the way the BJP works and its issues and only the Congress can take the state forward,” said Deborah Marak.
To know the powers and authority of the Sixth Schedule, one should read it and also the debate in the Parliament of India of 5, 6 and 7 November and incorporated into the Constitution of India under Articles 244 (2) and 275(1).
The complaint is also against the Chief Electoral Officer and others, and on Tuesday, the High Court ordered that a notice should be sent to the accused.
Therefore, it cannot be assumed that any kind of life can grow in it.
On the part of the speakers, they expressed their gratitude to the MLA especially for his work in implementing various development schemes in the village. The residents of the village have decided to support him once again in the upcoming election in
It was on this day in 1948 that the General Assembly of the United Nations adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Declaration of Human Rights).
This can be witnessed or verified by examining the fertility of the soil before planting and after a few years of planting.
He was led by Md Lati Fulhaider, NDC,PSC, Additional Director General, Region Commander, North East Region, Sarail.
Israel, which is not much larger than Meghalaya and 65 percent of Israel's land area, has a strong economy.
“The purpose is to explain to the speakers how to speak and not to speak slowly and when they speak slowly people refuse.
The ASHA leader said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has promised to pay all our salaries from 2012 to 2018, but until now we have not received. still half of these payments.
The Minister said that the Government has worked with various groups to have the same responsibility to see the improvement of education in the state.
If found guilty, they will be punished according to the law.
Now, those who need it are no longer accepted without a Birth Certificate.
Regarding the access roads to Nonglang, there are two roads from Nongstoin-Riangdo, one from Riwiang and one from Seinduli. From Riwiang to Nonglang, the distance is about 16 KM. All types of vehicles can travel from Seinduli to Nonglang which is about 11KM but only Sumo, Pick-Ups and four wheel vehicles can travel and banners will be placed on these roads.
Speaking on these four works which are the cause of the incident, Prima said it is surprising that a work order was issued for these works on 10th March 2013, but In just two months, on the 10th November, 2013, the work has been completed by half. He said that it has never been heard that in two months, half of the work can be completed at a cost of T. lakh rupees.
“When you get such ranks, you shouldn't feel proud, you should continue to work hard. He said that the goal of education is to shape a better life,” he said. When we have knowledge we must also have the spirit of love for the country and the nation and set a goal how to shape the future of our Khasi nation, and to live a good life”.
“After this incident, we have expressed our dissatisfaction and we have written many letters to the Governor of Assam, the Prime Minister, the Chief Secretary and the Archbishop of Guwahati as well as the District Commissioner of Sonitpur District.
On the other hand, the six villages involved in the case have given their explanation and said that the state government should ensure the implementation of the Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016 issued by the central government under the Environment (Protection). ) Act, 1986 by building and constructing all the necessary facilities.
Bernard, who is still missing, immediately learned that the police had raided and found his illegal activities at his residence in Tura.
He also recalled the public rallies held in Shillong districts and cities to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
It is to be recalled that the same person Slinda Wahlang Singh had sold a house in Langpih to Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh. The same house has been handed over to the Assam government where the Assam police are now occupying it.
One night, while she was staying overnight at the Ashram, Baba called her to his room and asked her to surrender herself for him and said, “I am You are God.
Banadeen Jyrwa said that Shillong does not have enough facilities to train talented children.
What happened? The five Amorite kings came up with all their armies and camped at Gibeon.
He said that there have been 2,821 cases in the last three years of which only 84 cases have been completed.
Morocco showed a strong performance against Portugal, but failed to score many goals, which they should have scored more often.
Your son has killed the Jews,” he said proudly.
The seized items were handed over to the customs office in Dawki.
“If the people give me their full support, on my part, I have the intention to improve the health sector in the state which is the most important department,” he said. state.
“To change the Reservation Policy is a very difficult task and if it is regarding the Roster, of course as the government we will read carefully this demand and when the time comes we will call for discussion with the political parties. and community leaders to discuss its effectiveness if it is implemented forward since it was approved or if it is implemented since 1972," he said.
Secondly, the Government cannot admit that it is ready to fight against this disease, because we know that it is not so if this disease is spreading day by day. .
Tynsong said the committee has already submitted its inspection report to these villages and to take a decision, the two prime ministers will hold a meeting soon. .
He said that when there are such incidents, the village authorities should immediately inform the BDO and the government officials so that the relief measures can arrive as soon as possible. He praised the village authorities for doing such a thing and said that on his part, as soon as he learned of the incident, he decided to do something for them.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh in reply to a question by Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh in the House.
“We are planning to introduce an amendment to the Act in accordance with the rule issued by the Supreme Court.
The government has to ensure that teachers should also be trained well, schools should be built well,” said Saleng.
There is nothing wrong if you rule and judge in righteousness.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Meghalaya High Court has advised the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to operate flights from Shillong to Bhopal only on Thursdays and Sundays.
Nirleena – 8157989617, Dr.Sr.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of the Taxi Association, East Khasi Hills, Wandonbok Jyrwa said that the taxi drivers have continued their operation after talks with the SP yesterday. was retained again.
He said that the number of voters in the state has increased significantly compared to other states.
As usual in other Medical Institutes, the ratio of women and men is 80:20 but in NEIGRIHMS it has changed completely and those who have got the job, have not had any NEIGRIHMS has not requested it and this will cause problems to the patients who come to treat themselves at this place.
S.K.Lato while encouraging the new office bearers and all the members urged the members of Rotary Club Jowai to work in the spirit of understanding, unity and responsibility and not to become the last members of Rotary Club. only in words but in deeds there is nothing.
In the first category, Soma Biswas of Lady Keane Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Shraddha Thapa of Seven Set Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 545 marks.
However, when they found the body, they were surprised because there was a biri in its mouth and on the ground they found a thyrnia.
They demanded that the transformer should be brought immediately to the village to extinguish the fire, as it affects the students and workers.
Mr. PL Nongtdu (Lok), Mr. Monlang, Mr. Vetolang, Mr. Boodspurgeon, Mr. Riolisa, Mr. Hamehi, Mr. Esbun and Miss.
From 8 pm every day they have to provide food and drink to the students and to clean the furniture and kitchens where they have forgotten their duty to look after their children and not just to go on. and they don't have time to go to school.
Samuel (27), from Mumbai, said it was wrong to give birth to a child who doesn't want to live in the world. from the joy of his mother and father.
Soon there was something that caused the Khasi children to leave and look for a better place.
It is also worth mentioning that although there are many doctors who treat patients not only for the sake of money but they are happy to get treatment.
The Covid-19 pandemic has caused many misunderstandings about the different types of diseases, how they are treated, and how they are treated.
Referring to those who have recovered from the corona virus, the Prime Minister said that some of them will be sent home, while many of them will have to stay in quarantine centres. .
In this regard, the UDP Ri Bhoi District has rejected the nomination of Bah Mawphniang as a member of the UDP as it has already expelled him since October 2014, said Bah Kharkamni.
“I have requested the Rangbah Shnongs to cooperate with the youths who have become addicted to drugs and I have also promised that if necessary, the department will provide The DGPU DGP said that the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) has been set up for a long time to curb the smuggling of drugs in different districts. The Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun has demanded the appointment of a full time ANTF in Mawlai. The DGP said, “It is reasonable and there is no problem for the police department to do so. “We will conduct training for the police in this regard so that they will understand the rules of NDPS and how to implement them,” said the DGP. “If there is any misunderstanding between the police and the residents, it is through such a visit that we can stop and even eradicate crime,” he said. The DGP said that the DGP has said that he will soon visit the villagers to fight against crime because the presence of the police should help the villagers and not to harass them. visit other villages in the days to come.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, today said that the vacancies of more than 12,000 teachers in Lower Primary Schools in the state will soon be filled.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri of the State Government, today, 27th June 2021, congratulated all the media outlets who have worked hard day and night to provide information for the information of the people of the entire state.
On the other hand, it is understood that West Jaintia Hills will start trading with Bangladesh from the port at Tamabil from the 18th of this month, according to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills. District.
Speaking to media, Bah Disparsing Rani said, “Ninety-nine percent of the people support the demand of HITO (to cancel the proposal to build a casino) but I don't agree with it. HITO's opposition to the casino.
The Deputy Commissioners have now taken steps to take action on this issue,” he said.
He said that this shows his desire that the state should have its own exact border with Bah Nongsiej. border with Assam in the first part.
On Tuesday, Jain was taken to Safdarjung Hospital for treatment.
The Health Minister, Bah AL Hek, said that if the ICUs and ventilators are installed in these hospitals without adequate staff (technicians or specialists), it will be useless. those skilled workers or people who are well trained in these lines of study.
Speeches were also delivered by RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, FKJGP President Dundee Khongsit, Sadon Blah, HNYF President and others.
The meeting was attended by district leaders, MLAs, MDCs and party candidates.
Earlier, under the banner of JACATAM, there were 10 teachers' unions from lower primary to colleges in the state which did not belong to the JACATAM. government.
Out of these 1,818 cases, 1,187 cases including 260 armed forces and 927 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 14 cases in West Khasi Hills and 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills. There are 152 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 203 cases in East Jaintia Hills District, 183 cases in West Garo Hills District and 10 cases in South West Garo Hills District. There are 20 cases in South Garo Hills, 17 cases in East Garo Hills and 13 cases in North Garo Hills.
He said that the government has worked hard to bring about many development projects in the past four years and to fulfill many aspirations.
Therefore, the union warns the police at Umsiang Police Outpost, that from now on, they will no longer be allowed to collect taxes or money from any vehicles carrying goods coming from Assam and using the bridge. Umsiang, for the transportation of goods to Meghalaya.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawlai Circle would like to congratulate and congratulate the MCA Women's Team for representing the state in the BCCI's Women's U-19 One Day Trophy. The tournament will be held in Surat, Gujarat from 8th March,
Speaking to media after the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas Sangma's speech in Hindi, Bah Basaiawmoit said that according to the rules, the speech should be in English because Meghalaya is a non-Hindi speaking state.
Wellbirth said the task of the Adhoc Committee now is to examine the condition of the land and will discuss with the government.
Shillong, July 14: Before the 2023 Assembly elections, the KHNAM, under the leadership of Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has called for the elections to the Legislative Assembly. We have received a proposal from other ethnic parties to work together as a strong group which will be a unity among the ethnic parties in Meghalaya.
However, if we rely only on those who put the trumpet of patriotism, this state will fall behind.
However, he said a case has been lodged against them under the Explosives Act and the court has authorized the police to investigate them for four days.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister assured the family members that if there is any problem especially in relation to his studies, they should inform him so that he can find ways to help this brave child.
Earlier, the mother and the young woman had come to seek help from the leaders of the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) which is one of the prominent organizations in Jaintia Hills.
The bill light has been paid for on the 13th of this month. Since that day, the light has been turned off from 8am to 8pm. light, Katta ruh doesn't work exactly once, it doesn't work without being charged like a light disco, bill light doesn't go down by 1 tyngka, but it increases from 124 tyngka per month to 470 tyngka per month In one of the households of a woman who used only 3 bulbs, the negligence of the electricity department in the area has been too much, on the day of distribution of the bill light, the light will be turned off. , we the people of the area we want to talk in the language and raise the kingdom and show you what you have done.
In this meeting, the Seng found that the reason for the attacks is the failure of the Meghalaya government to provide full security to the residents on the border which has encouraged the Assam government authorities, Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Karbi and Nepali troops to rob and violate the human rights of the Khasi on the border.
Jowai, July 28: The 74th Republic Day was celebrated by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Batlang S Sohliya, IAS. He also hoisted the tricolor flag and received the National Salute along with the singing of the National Anthem by JNV Mukhla School and QC Springside SS, Jowai.
According to the Court Order, anyone who does business within the boundary of the District Council must obtain a license.
The match on the 15th will be between Dongmihsngi Mupyut and Man I Bha SC at 2:30 pm.
At the same time, the union urges the Jio Company to immediately resolve all the shortcomings related to the jio network, as it affects the residents, especially in such times. technology and if they cannot provide it in these days, the leaders will have to take strong measures, said Samla Dominic Kharmaw.
Shillong, Iaiong 15 : Former Chief Minister and Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma has warned that Meghalaya could turn into Sri Lanka if this government is allowed to come again. turn into the border.
In 2021, AOG launched a campaign called “My Mother My Hero” where AOG members and supporters were able to send special greeting messages for mothers. who are the stewards of the household.
The four foreign shops that were closed today are Muzid Talukdar's shop, Dhanraj Upadhya's shop, Anjan Paul's Homeopathic shop and Shasi's shop. Account Valid.
Members of the Academic Council (AC) of NEHU have demanded that the Vice Chancellor and Chairman of the Academic Council (NEHU) should convene a special and urgent meeting to discuss the issue. The National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 has been allegedly implemented at the Under Graduate level for the academic year 2023-24 without the approval of the Academic Council.
The officer said that she could not be given information under Section 7(1) of the RTI Act
It will be the first time in 40 years that HNLC leaders have been able to take part in the meeting under the leadership of Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa and Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni.
“We have received complaints from vehicle owners and drivers regarding the Sale Tax employees who are cheating while fighting to get NOC,” said EKHLTWA President Bah Wan Donbok Jyrwa. while speaking to reporters today.
The Union took this decision at a meeting of the Village Authorities of Par Umkhen held on Saturday last month.
At the same time, political parties have expressed their confidence in the use of the Voter Verifiable Paper Trail (VVPAT).
Speaking to reporters, Bah George E Lyngdoh said that the tournament is also part of the efforts to select the best athletes to represent the state at the National Level Games.
The hourly wage is 57 tyngka.
Therefore, more developed countries are struggling to create opportunities to help and support their farmers.
The audition was attended by 150 participants but the judges selected the group to compete for the title of India's Got Talent Season-5
Until now, there has been no advice from the Ministry of Health or the District Administration to the people on how to prevent and avoid this eye disease. school children, because this eye disease has started to spread around the area especially to school children and even to the public.
The Chief Guest also urged the people to come forward and register their Aadhaar names as it is useful for receiving various schemes from the government.
“We will hold a meeting tomorrow to decide who to elect between these two candidates,” said a UDP Mairang leader.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Ranikor Circle on Tuesday welcomed its newly joined supporters at a meeting held at Rangthong-Mawthynrew, South West Khasi Hills District.
Khamjari ka work, Like Bah Ardent, the nation needs; You put the chair behind, the nation forward, Until you are persecuted alone you have to suffer.
The issues discussed by the RBSU included the registration of MHIS Smart Card and Blood Bank at Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
It is also the mother tongue and native language for deaf children.
This is the fourth time that trucks have been robbed on the Bypass and this happened after there were no more police patrolling the road since it was closed after they were accused of robbing trucks. was involved in illegally collecting money from trucks.
The Special Officer (SO) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has directed all permit holders who sell at the market in Iaw Thymme, Ladthadlaboh and Jowai to come and register the goods under the category of essential commodities. that of food and drink.
The draft will be presented before the Dharma Sansad at the Magh Mela 2023 in Parayagraj.
Although I am poor financially, they have ensured that I have all the necessary facilities to become a good judo player and I will dedicate myself to make them proud," said Preeti.
PFR Football Academy won their first title in the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 after beating Pomlakrai SC 4-0 on Friday.
“How can we treat these illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, we cannot treat them kindly.
Muslims and Christians should accept that India belongs to Hindus.
“We have discussed the development of trade between India and Bangladesh especially the states of the region,” he said.
This is the oldest covenant when the Spirit of God came down in the Temple where the ark of the covenant was.
Langsning FC are now in third place with 15 points, equal to Shillong Lajong FC with one game left.
This also requires the eye of a keen botanist.
Therefore, if the government feels sorry for the residents and the elderly, it should clean up as soon as possible.
The Association also criticized the lack of confidence of the office of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the State Government on the issue of AYUSH doctors who are employees of the Health Department.
“So as an elderly football fan, I would like to say that if the Eastern Border Sports Association or any other association wants to promote or encourage the clubs in the region, it is It is the duty of the synjuk to do something because it is the pride of the whole region.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong has urged the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to meet with the Director of Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited (MePDCL) to get more clarification regarding the smart meter.
Aristotle said that both the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Minister of Education have given a pleasant promise to the group.
Speaking to media at the HYC office, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman of CoMSO, said that the date of the first protest will be on 19th November. 2020 which is the 10th anniversary of the passage of the ILP in the State which was passed in the Legislative Assembly.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) has directed the State Governments not to relax the curfew, but to tighten it, as the number of incidents is increasing these days. .
However, the objection of many is that in this new system, children can make elective subjects even the subjects of MIL, which means that children cannot take Khasi and compete with other subjects.
Samla B Maring said that the KSU urges the state government to immediately remove the Border Out Post of Assam, otherwise the KSU will take other measures. .
He also urged the residents not to clean up only when there are such cleanliness drives and the cleanliness drive should be every day from home to outside and as residents they should have the responsibility to clean up their homes. A clean and tidy village and especially Nongpoh which is the Head Quarter of the District should show to other villages the importance of cleanliness.
Rev Dr Edwin H Kharkongor said that this incident has shocked the Christians because of the robbery and damage to sacred objects even at the beginning of the new year
Nongpoh: The Nar Bridge at Dwarksuid, which everyone said has collapsed, but in fact the bridge has not collapsed at all, but there has been a collapse in a few parts of the bridge. parts to climb to the upper parts (Jowai).
“It is because the BJP has seen the support of the people for the Congress in the yatra led by Rahul Gandhi that they have named him to shut his mouth,” he said. .
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today appealed to the residents of Meghalaya not to set fire to the Ishamati road, as the state government has to take care of the welfare of the residents of the state including foreigners and indigenous people.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The employees of EMRI-108 under the umbrella of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers' Union (MEMRIWU) have decided to continue their indefinite strike despite the Mission Director of National Health. Mission (NHM) has scheduled a meeting with the party leaders on Tuesday.
The Secretary of the Village Council said that the tourism industry has helped especially the residents who live from agriculture which can earn only once a year but the tourism industry has benefited every year. for.
This is the fourth time that Shanbor has competed abroad in the Professional Boxing Championship where he has won twice, including the Marine Pro Boxing Promotion in He has competed twice in Professional Boxing in 2022 and 2023 in Manipur.
He expressed the hope that the NLU will become a center of learning that will bring new opportunities for knowledge and research.
Tickets for the Bumper Lucky Draw 2023 have also been released for the Fete of the village on 22nd and 23rd December.
However, it should be understood that in the selection of any name, there will be no 100 out of 100 who will be right! For example, when Israel was looking for a name for the country that became independent in 1948, some proposed the name “Zion” or “Judea” but it was not looked into. They were founded and rejected (The Palestine Post, Jerusalem.7 December 1947).
It is worth mentioning here that in the past, when people were filled with joy, because it was at such times that they heard the Christmas songs sung by the people, It is in cars, markets, homes and so on, but as the years go by, it is no longer heard that people play Christmas songs and this has shown that the preparation by the people to celebrate Christmas has increased as the days and years have passed.
Furthermore, these organizations said that since last year, the NHAI has not done any proper maintenance but has been left without any improvement. Even the areas that the District authorities have already demanded to improve in Ialong, the NHAI has not completed yet.
On the same day, the new office bearers of the Ranikor & Shnongkalong Unit and the Mawlangwir Unit were also confirmed.
Because the ways to promote a person in any field, it should start from the home, because if there is no unity and cooperation within the home, it will not be able to reach the goal even in any field.
Russia has claimed to have shot dead 200 Ukrainian troops during an attempt to capture the airport in Hostomel, northwest of Kyiv.
In the second half, both the teams played well and it was seen that the match became more intense and Mawlai players tried to turn the tide, but Laban scored again. Beckyson Kharkongor scored the second goal in the 66th minute.
There will be 40 food stalls and shops including a Biodiversity Fair at Mawphlang, he said, adding that the Biodiversity Fair is to showcase the most diverse plants in the North East.
“It's a good idea to spend time with the BJP,” said Dr Omarlin Kyndiah, President of the Shillong City Congress Committee in a statement.
The Feast of Trumpets and the Day of Atonement will be celebrated during the Last Days or the last seven years.
While the state received Rs 287.76 crore from the central government in 21/2022, while the government released only Rs 271.71 crore, this shows that the state government has released very little, compared to the revenue. from the federal government.
Therefore know and understand that the time of the Gentiles has come, and the time has come for the salvation of Israel by the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ. that Israel and the believers are now waiting.
I told them that it will take about 15 days but they explained that it will take only 4 days.
The reason is that God will no longer allow his name to be profaned.
The Littyra Samla Seng condemns this act of bloodthirsty robbers who dare not even take the life of the manager with the intention of looting and taking easily the money of the poor farmers who have lost their money. and those who have suffered from their small losses.
RJ Kit was born on 2nd July 1983 and lives in Malki Pdengshnong. After getting married, he moved to Laitumkhrah Nongrimbah with his wife. Your name is Kong Anesthesia Nongrum.
It is now grown in many parts of India, such as the Bombay Presidency and Bengal.
Speaking on the occasion, P Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the project will benefit two constituencies, Shella and Pynursla.
U Bah RG Lyngdoh, is one of the former Ministers of the State Government who has been prominent in the past years, because he is brave to speak or do the right thing.
The speakers also criticized the state government for not having a close relationship with the people especially with the village authorities which will cause problems from time to time.
The HITO leader also asked if the Sikhs have not received any permission to hold their rally, what other punishment will the Government and the DC give? to these people.
About 3000-4000 people have now reached temporary shelters in the area and the people whose houses have been damaged have been taken to temporary shelters due to the rising water levels. the time, according to the District authorities.
Shillong: Meghalaya scored 359/4 runs against Bihar on the fourth day of the Ranji Trophy in Patna today. .
To get more information on whether it is safe to eat meat and pork at these times, U Nongsaiñ Hima has visited the place where the government has established. They were appointed to slaughter and inspect the animals that cut in the area.
Through this qualification, Meghalaya has already decided to win either the Gold or Silver medal.
They also demanded that the Government should waive the loans taken by the farmers from April to December 2020 due to the lockdown. the COVID-19 pandemic.
Write an essay on the deforestation that has caused great damage to the country.
A short speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Golden Marbaniang who said that the Nongthymmai Cultural and Sports Club Huroi is one of the sports clubs in the village which has developed in the field of sports. .
“Our leaders should feel happy and free and it should not be in such a way that they will be locked up at home,” said the statement.
All car washes have been directed to provide lights and filters according to science so that wastewater does not flow into the rivers.
There is a song that says, "God will make a way where there seems to be no way.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 22: The election for the Legislative Assembly of the State is not far away, in which the candidates of various political parties have started working hard to mobilize the voters to vote. ask for support in overcoming them.
If the father dies, the children don't have much happiness, but if the mother dies, those children are covered with a scarlet appearance, a scarf and a scarlet appearance and there is no ointment that can remove that scarlet appearance. , it doesn't matter if it's small or small.
Jowai: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Mohammed Yaqoob Mir, on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the District and Session Judge's Court at Khliehtyshi. West Jaintia Hills District.
My mission to contest the election is to reform the Khadar system, to provide fair service, to be the voice for the poor, to be the hope of the hopeless, to fight against to fight against the exploitation of the poor, to fight against corruption and also to fight against Dynasty Politics or the rule of law. by one family.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said he is sure that from tomorrow until 26th June, the Leader of the Opposition will issue new allegations against the NPP. I'm going to sleep.
She said that the youths who have completed the training from the rural areas can start earning money by this job so that they can stand on their own feet without having to rely on others.
“The CEM has only promised to try to pay salary, while until now we have not received salary for 7 months which has made it difficult for us to meet our household needs besides paying school fees. the children of our hands.
Those who witnessed the opening ceremony included Bah V Nianglang, DMC-SSA-SEMAM, Ri Bhoi District as the Chief Guest in the presence of PP Yadav, BMC Umling BRC, Bah Raphael Klein, Chairman Managing Director. Committee, teachers and students and others.
Speaking to reporters, it was learned that the reason why these vehicles have parked shriak on the line, is because of the traffic police who have fined them because the police have taken them. that the jyrngam vehicles are rural vehicles and should not go to the city.
The Adhoc School Teachers Association (FAMASTA) after a meeting with the Chief Minister said that the Chief Minister has promised to implement their demand. .
“It is because of this struggle that we have raised the flag of the Revolution to Defend the Country which we started in previous years and we did not choose to raise the flag of the VPP,” he added.
“We are very grateful to you all as members whom we don't have words to express, but we pray that God will bless you and you will be a blessing to future generations,” said the statement. SLFC.Kane club also expressed its gratitude to the Sports Department through the Minister of Sports Bah Shakliar Warjri for allowing us to hold this tournament despite the ongoing maintenance of the stadium. .
Seeking the support of the people to vote for the BJP and to win the party's candidates in various constituencies, Himanta also gave examples of the development projects launched by the State Government in Assam as in Meghalaya.
The new cases include EKH: 28, WGH: 2, and WKH:
“At this time when the family has faced such a tragic incident, the Seng Khasi Kmie sends its condolences to the children and grandchildren of this Rangbah.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) has said that the illegal smuggling of stone into Bangladesh by trucks is beyond the border.
eg:The Sam border, the ILP and Reservation policy...You are a leader close to God, God will be with you.
"They did it, they did it," Eric said, blaming the Democrats.
If you just continue the protests, you will just prolong and take advantage of what is impossible.
Don't let the fire go out, don't let the anger of the young men go out.
If they miscalculate their bad dreams (like the team writers) and miss the number, they will change their minds as soon as the 2023 election is over and they will change their political thinking. Their heads are like lambs without foundation.
The landslide and heavy rainfall caused by Cyclone Remal has caused landslides and loss of life in East Jaintia Hills District.
Sawkmie said that he has worked with AH Scott Lyngdoh in the government as people's leaders especially in 1998 when they formed the MDP. good when working in any field to build the state and the nation.
One daughter drowned in the incident, but the husband and another three-month-old baby escaped by rowing from the deep pool.
MPUF East Jaintia President Kyrshan Blah said the party fully supports this demand and in this regard a few days ago the party has sent a letter to the Commissioner of Transport.
What good is it to send your children to school, because every day they are taught how to park illegally at will? School goers from Pine Mount, parked in three lanes, until they had to block the road from Crinoline to Red Cross, even the road from Civil to the statue of Bah Thrang Hok Rangad no map anymore.
“I remember when my father was sick in the body, but if someone came to go fishing, I felt stronger if I got good fish,” he said.
"“It is a very important issue not only for our state but for the whole world.
LA tape honor you father.
“If the Prime Minister is lying about his claim, it is up to them (the ethnic parties) to prove it and if they cannot do so, it shows that the Prime Minister's statement is correct,” he said.
What worried the people of Arunachal Pradesh was that on that day, Rajnath Singh was accompanied by Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the meeting held today, brought forward a proposal from the District Council Affairs (DCA) Department on the extension of the term. “Last year, the Governor of Meghalaya has approved the establishment of the Delimitation Committee. This Committee is to delimit the Constituencies on the basis of the have voters," he said.
Therefore, when compared with other States and especially countries around the world, it is clear that God is still able to deliver us from this Coronavirus, along with the obedience of the people to the guidelines of the Coronavirus. Government; The hard work of the Government from the Chief Minister to the government employees at various levels and especially the Doctors, Nurses and staff who have dedicated themselves.
The players were Kerrimehi Kharmujai, Sbing Chyrmang, Seye Lamine, Pynshngain Shati Iangrai, Alem Khongwir, Primrose Lmat, Lakhon Surong, Ricky Kharbuli, Dennelson Pyngrope, Ousseynou Kamara, Dieye Hamidou, Joseph Abiodun Peter Sutingh, Marlangki Banrikupar Lyngdoh, Mandalson Syiemlieh, Kordor Dkhar, Hillford Lyngkhei, Macmillan Mukhim, Pynkhambor Suting.
On the other hand, Umroi MLA, Bah George B.Lyngdoh, while speaking on the occasion, congratulated the RBSU which is one of the organizations responsible for organizing this sport meet and looks forward to it. He said that the organization of this sports tournament will be a joy for those children who are talented in sports.
The Badminton Tournament organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle came to an end on Saturday at the Lumshnong Dorbar Hall.
Foods rich in protein are the best source of energy for the body.
Kurbah said that the land belongs to her and she has registered with the Syiem since and in 2013 it renewed its documents and ownership.
Investors in these projects include Texcon Steels, Hundri Sugars and Ethanol Private Limited, Bren Life Sciences, Alpine Ethanol, Virupaksha Laboratories, and Qualcomm India, among many others.
As a reminder, India on 26th January 1950 fully implemented the Constitution of India.
After the incident, it was reported that the robber stabbed the child to death with the school tie of the child.
However, while the meeting was going on, two MLAs of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) suddenly left the meeting but after a few minutes it was seen that they had left to support the NPP. The UDP and PDF two days later left to support the NPP government led by Conrad.
Referring to the impact of tourism, Bah Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister in charge of Tourism, said, “What has happened is only a shock in this once-in-a-lifetime or isolated industry. and it wasn't what made it big".
Besides the Holy Mass, the day ended with the celebration of the sacrament in the afternoon followed by various cultural programs with the participation of the youth. Jirang, Sosthenes Sohtun at the Holy Mass and Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem at the afternoon service along with religious leaders from priests, sisters, elders and Catholic faithful.
When asked, Conrad said, “At present, we cannot say anything despite the exit poll or the prediction according to the media, that we will win many and thus the election. We will also discuss the issue of government formation with our MLAs after the announcement of the resolution.
As a member of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Kyrmenu should come forward and take measures to run the department smoothly and to achieve the true objectives of the Social Welfare. by making proper use of these Central Government Schemes.
The RKSF together with the Village Leaders of Rambrai area today visited the construction of the PMGSY road from Mawrang to Rambraibah after receiving a complaint from the residents.
Yash Raj Films has decided to terminate its relationship with Ranveer Singh after the failure of several films starring Ranveer Singh. going forward it will suffer losses again in terms of films led by Ran veer.
The CSWO said it is unfortunate that the vehicle of the Prime Minister was not photographed and seized by the police to prove that he intended to kill the Prime Minister and they allowed the vehicle. to drive without any examination from the Motor Vehicle Inspector (MVI).
He said that the government through this program 'FOCUS' has been a great source of assistance to the farmers in many ways, and urged the parents as well as children to take advantage of this scheme. for the establishment of their groups.
The state government has decided to deploy Indian troops to patrol the border between Assam and Mizoram until settlement is reached on the border between the two states.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court, under the leadership of Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, on Tuesday held a Lok Adalat on 14th November 2018 across the state. The cases were also held in the High Court of Meghalaya, District Courts, Sub Divisional Courts and District Council Courts in Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
Shadrach Sumer of Moodymmai Wah Presbyterian Church passed away on 03/01/2
This election will also surprise all the candidates who come out to contest because even the Nongkyndong has become very clever and does not reveal who he supports and who he does not support.
Others who have been on standby are Evanrihun Sohshang, Bijimme Ch Momin and Lawanjanai Synnah.
Conrad, a specialist in corruption and business (MBA) who looks only at the big and the small, has already become exactly like Amrish Puri CM of the film Nayak.
The SCCCOMDF has approved and dismissed the case, but the state government has lied to thank the coal owners by issuing the order in the form of an advertisement through the media. The DMR offices in different districts have been directed to issue 19 tonnes challans to the coal miners but when the coal owners went out to get the challans, the DMR offices in different districts did not. They have not received any order from the state government.
In times of crisis and other national diseases, this disease has not been felt much.
The word CRAFT :- means to produce or create by hand, such as writing or drawing.
The driver was taken to a nearby hospital, but died yesterday morning.
Leaders of various organizations such as the Women's Wing and the Youth Wing were also present at the ceremony.
On the same day, Bah Jason Mawlong, launched two boats which he donated to one of the world tourist attractions at Rongmesek.
He said in the next three years the country’s PACS will have the world’s largest storage facilities.
Zelensky said some Russian troops had arrived in Kyiv and warned the public to be vigilant and to implement the government's curfew.
Shillong, July 3: After the resignation of Bah Sanbor Shullai from the post of MLA and also from the NCP, his brother-in-law, who is also the MDC of Laban-Mawprem constituency, has resigned as a member of the NCP. Sanbor has joined the BJP, but Ricky will not join any political party and will be an independent MDC and will contest the 2018 MLA elections as Mylliem constituency.
The MBYCC youth group was welcomed on 03rd June, 2023 at the office of the PDF Mawphlang Constituency by Bah Auspicious in the presence of other party office bearers.
Shillong, Nailar 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, after his return from Mookaiaw, visited the Shillong-Jowai road which has been damaged throughout the road.
This is only a small sign of the beginning of the protest and it will be taken harder from now on,” he said.
Sister Elsina Arackal said that at present the hospital is still open only for the pharmacy and once the construction of the building is completed and the doctors come, they will issue a public announcement so that the people can know how to I was treated at this hospital.
The meeting was conducted by Bah T.Shyne, APO, Ranikor Block and welcomed by Bah P.Lyngdoh, APO, CL&IBP. ) West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday 8th August 2023 under the leadership of Samla Wanbiang Pulang, President of West Jaintia Hills District. Mookyndur WJHD.Ka union after investigating the sudden emergence of this market which smuggles cows and muid from abroad by pretending to provide the necessary documents but according to the findings of the union that this market and muid is illegal because there are no doctors to verify whether the cows and muid that come from abroad are vaccinated or not and these cows cannot be verified.
Laban Bengali Boys School beat RB Anupchand School by 87 runs and Rohan of Laban Bengali Boys School who took five wickets was named man of the match.
The tournament, which was attended by various schools in the district, was divided into two venues in the city. -17 boys and girls matches were held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong and the Under-14 boys match was held at the Mawlai Phudmuri Ground.
It should take care of this hot issue lest the fire break out at any time as happened in the MBOSE protest in the past.
Shillong: Two strong civil society organizations in Riwar, HYC Riwar Mi Circle led by Macfairson Dkhar and HNYF Southern Riwar Circle led by President Bah Reason Lymba, have arrested Kharbangla from the village. There are those who have entered the border of Sam in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
We wonder from day to day why the city is so crowded and why the number of vehicles has increased.
Bah S.Pdang congratulated DISHA, Khliehriat and MCSWA for organizing the awareness meeting on HIV/AIDS. the role of providing treatment in relation to these diseases.
On 15th July 2022, when India turned 75, Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged us all to join us in the journey of India's transformation into a developed country. Before 2047, that is, before we will celebrate our 100th anniversary as an independent country.
He said the government has started moving in the right direction by implementing the shynrai, sohphan and now has completed the drafting of the Education Policy to be implemented in the state.
“The next day, on the 13th, the 18 groups under the umbrella of the National Federation of New States will go to New Delhi to demand new states.
Shillong: The Anti Corruption and Human Development Organization (ACHDO) wants the CBI to investigate into the theft of MTET examination question papers. teachers will write their examination.
Hema also expressed her happiness that she has two daughters from Dharmendra.
NOTE – 352.
Shillong: Umphyrnai FC on Saturday beat Laitumkhrah FC 2-1 in the 2nd Division.
It requires 7 tonnes to process and transport sohtrun and more than that, it cannot do it anymore but these days, due to the shortage of sohtrun, the factory has had to shut down for a day.
The relevant authorities have promised to immediately resolve these incidents so that they will not happen again and the union will continue to follow up on this issue until it goes smoothly.
The residents, including the marketers, suggested that it should be extended.
This has severely affected the work and the Government has had to change and decide that “there will be a total employment of 80% for the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, in addition to a 5% employment share for the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo. It was also found that the Garo community often fails to fill the 40% quota for other STs and SCs in the Districts. is specially allocated for them.
Regarding the expenditure according to the division of buildings and non-buildings, for infrastructure the total expenditure was T.49,98,09,560 crore and for non-buildings or Non-infrastructure amounted to T.766,24,42,752 crore.
Umkseh SC will play against Mawlai SC at 3pm in Group-A (Shillong) and in Group-B (Jowai) Sein Pynbhalang will play against Mawlai SC at 3pm. In Group-C, Seven United will play against Pyndengrei at 3pm and in Group-D, Atong Matgrik (Tura) will play against Pyndengrei at 3:30 pm. They will play against Chipakkore at 3pm.
This light is also about ten feet long.
Violations of traffic rules are common among two-wheeler drivers who ride freely on the road whether on the left or right side of the road.
“They have forgotten their leaders and asked for support from us. They have blamed Bah Ardent, the Congress candidate who came to meet me twice. The UDP and I offered to join the VPP but he refused and later came back to ask for support for the Congress,” he said.
At the same time, Bah Sutnga urged that the issue of ethnicity should not be politicized, as in India only the Khasi Jaintia and Garo are known to have ethnic identity.
The Apostle Paul was content with what he experienced in his life, even though he went through many hardships because he knew that the grace of the Lord was sufficient.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umkiang District Unit (KSU) has given its full support to the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit. Regarding the damage to the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District.
“We will look after Miss,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The meeting was attended by Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang and Bah George B Lyngdoh as the guest speakers in the presence of VA Hynniewta ADC, Paidolyne. L Nonglait DSEO and other dignitaries and officers along with students and teachers.
The collection has reached billions of rupees,” the newspaper said.
“The government should not just mislead the people as the elections are approaching but should implement them immediately as announced in the newspapers,” he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03 : The Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Friday inspected the venues for the 2nd North East Olympic Games starting from the 10th of this month.
Regarding the start from Shillong, Bah Danny Rynjah said that they will start from 3 mer earlier until they reach Mylliem and the National Highway roads will be painted. also the streets of the city.
This was announced by Babu Peter Thyrniang, Organizing Secretary MSSASA, West Khasi Hills.
In the past six months, there have been 40 ksew, who have tried to go to the airport and seven of them have returned and survived.
Those who attended the social event included the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) and State Project Director SEMAM, Samagra Shiksha Swapnil Tembe and Chairperson of NIOS Prof Saroj Sarma.
According to the records, there has been an increase in the number of cases of rape where a husband is raped by his husband and relatives. 21 cases of rape, in 2012 there were 16 cases, in 2013-23 cases and until November 2014 there were 28 cases.
In conclusion, Ma W Lyngdoh said that don't let the challenges of this time be a challenge, take advantage of the techniques of this age through computers.
The figure comes before the outbreak of war in Ukraine.
On the same day, the All Sohkha Development Committee has awarded 32 students who have passed well in various examinations.
Verma said the BJP would not repeal the Citizenship Amendment Act, saying, “This is not the government of Rajiv Feroze Khan.
About 100 members of the KSU had left for the DC's office at 10:30 pm, and immediately after arriving, they went to close the registration centre, but While the leaders were inside the office, other leaders of the party were walking outside with the police, who came to put them inside the bus.
Mukul said the price by water is T.8 per metric tonne per kilometer while the price by rail is T.30 and T.50 by road.
Khliehriat, June 13: Due to heavy rainfall and poor condition of roads and paths in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District, these roads have now turned into rivers and streams. Therefore, the people in the border areas with Bangladesh are facing many difficulties in travelling.
On the same day, there will be a march from Madan Ïewrynghep to Don Bosco Mini Stadium in Laitumkhrah at 10 pm.
UDP Nongstoin Circle President Moslandar Marngar said that the meeting was for the polling stations of Mawawet, Mawlangkhar, Shohphria, Mawkaton, Khyllemtiehsaw, Umsaw and Tyllang.
They said that in fact, these villages have received electricity through the Saubhagya scheme since 2016, when MeECL has provided electricity in 2018 and within three days they have received electricity. The residents of these villages have not received electricity until today.
The first match in the 2nd Division was between Imson SC and Nongrah SC at 11:30 pm and the second match at 2:15 pm. In the first match, Imson SC beat Nongrah SC by 17 goals, with one of the players of Nongrah, Dawandapura Pathaw (10,15, He scored two hat tricks (seven goals) in the 22nd, 28th, 68th & 85th minutes.
He said that the disease is especially dangerous for children, as many families who have gone for treatment in hospitals do not receive much help.
Regarding the fourth package, the Court has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to expedite the acquisition of land in Wahkdait, Mawriang and Umsyiem for the construction of this road.
Shillong, Lber, 30 : The Central Bureau of Communication, Nongstoin under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India today held an awareness program on Systematic Voter's Education and Electoral Participations (SVEEP). in collaboration with the Election Department, Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Government of Meghalaya, West Khasi Hills District.
“If the rivers are bad from coal, they don't turn blue but they turn red while the Lukha river turns blue,” asked Lamare.
In this incident, two of them died.
This was opposed by everyone.
(4) The marriage, the inheritance and the acquisition of Khasi inheritance.
About 50 fish traders in Umsning area have left the area on Tuesday.
“Our students will be counted down, you just say from Meghalaya people will say who passed by getting stolen questions,” said Father Majaw.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Marian Maring, as a Longkmie, expressed her happiness to take part in the opening ceremony of the Karbi Youth Competition. The Catholic Church hopes that this meeting will encourage many young people to become responsible young people not only within the Church but also in society and from the outside. for the country and the nation.
Vehicles stopped and collided with each other, as they could not get to Lumdiengjri, Civil Hospital and Mawlong Market.
It will also be the best in the future to implement when floods and landslides occur in the state.
I don't remember the time of Noah because I was a child and I didn't know what happened in the year 2013. What happened in the year of the priesthood? What happened to you and you too are free from it? It's just a joke to the people.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 03: The National People's Party (NPP) of Mawkyrwat Block has held an emergency meeting following the resignation of Bah A.Nongrem. The NPP Mawkyrwat Block has decided to elect another candidate for the post of Leader of the NPP Mawkyrwat Block.
It is believed that he committed suicide for personal reasons and it is understood that the main reason was because he did not agree with his girlfriend and he could not accept her demands. he will have to provide.
The blast occurred about 2 km from Heritage Street near the Golden Temple, a prominent tourist attraction in the city.
Another match was between Justerwell Jyrwa in the middleweight category 71-75kg against Abhishek Shaw of Bengal.
PEOPLE POWER (IND) – 19394.
From time to time, there are cases where three or four candidates meet together in one place where there are such incidents.
A police officer who speaks English has also been appointed to look after the problems of the people of this area in the city.
If you have any questions, please contact us at +91 7005616706/ +9
They must test whether their faith is greater than that of those who “Obey the Word of God”.
Shillong: The Coordinating Committee of Bangladesh Riwar People, Shillong, has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Africa Suting, one of the Khasi soldiers who took part in the 1971 independence struggle of Bangladesh.
Non-NFSA will be distributed at the rate of 7.215 kg per household at the price fixed by the Vigilance Committee which shall not exceed Rs.14/- per kg in urban and rural areas.
Haha, without the MDA government, there is no money to eat, there is no money, pyllein pyllein like at this time they are willing to open, what is the value of that beauty, this is a government that loves only rongphong.
It is the deadliest plague in history.
The first is that the new government will look after and protect its own border.
Many have fallen into the sin of blood, deceit, deceit and all kinds of deceptions of this world today.
When asked whether the Government will announce a social ceasefire with the group, the Minister said, “It is difficult to say now because there is still a lot of work to be done.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle has earlier canceled the name of the Civil Hospital Khliehriat after being surprised and found that the upgradation of the CHC Khliehriat to the Civil Hospital Khliehriat was wrong.
The incident happened near St. Mary's College on the road from Don Bosco Square to Shillong College.
“Special thanks also go to the students who came out to support this struggle, we thank the members of the Party from various Units and the people who came to stay overnight at the bag shah fast.
KSU Narpuh Circle Organizing Secretary Skhemlang Lapasam said that it will give only one day to repair the floodplain at Lumshong, Kuliang and also to build water drains along the highway.
The prizes were WAGON R (1st Prize), Alto 800 (2nd Prize) and Aprilla Storm (3rd Prize).
Wow ! you are ashamed to become a Christian.
Surendra Singh, MLA from Bairia in Ballia district, has shown in a video how he used to drink tea.
If you can't work in companies or industries, banks, schools, colleges, universities, where else can you get a job? Many parents say that their sons don't want to work abroad. from the country, which means that they do not want to work in other states of India.
These districts were assessed on 48 issues of development.
Sangma said that various projects in the Shillong Smart City are nearing completion.
“This test should be done to verify the age before they take part in the game,” said O'Donell.
The reason why people don't come to school early is because they are afraid of being punished, especially in schools that are strict on time.
Speaking at the party headquarters in Darussalam, Owaisi said the party will continue to expand its presence in all states.
The demand for self-government by the ITLF and Kuki is unacceptable in any way.
We apologize if we have forgotten to mention our names, but please accept this thank you that includes all of you who came to congratulate us on that day.
After the programme, prizes were awarded to all the winners in the two categories.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) stands firmly against the CAB and if the BJP brings back the Bill, Speaking on the occasion, Amit Shah said the NPP will come out again to oppose.
“We have to find out the truth because many facebook accounts are created in the name of someone else just to insult others,” said Marak.
Minister Duh said that opportunities in space are not limited to satellite launches and space exploration, its power can also be seen in Peace of Life and Peace of Mind. the Government.
“The incident ha Lad Umsyiem where the BSF troops bombed and injured the people even to the point of shooting on 25th July 2023 is not the first time that we have witnessed the violence of the In the past few days, several civilians have been shot dead by the BSF. If the State Government continues to take action against the violence of the BSF, there will be those who will lose their lives. KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said in a statement.
As members of the Khasi Pnar community, especially the students, they are struggling to find jobs.
On the other hand, the Advocate General told the court that the state government is in the process of holding the municipal elections in the state.
Damehun Syih of Nangkiew Irat scored the first goal in the 17th minute.
"It's a bit," he replied.
We must not encourage or discourage.
The union also requested Airtel to immediately provide the network in the area and not to open the tower until it can provide the network for the safety of the people. the public.
The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi has said that the allegations of corruption against the MDA government in the past five years are merely political ploys to spread corruption. false information.
Meanwhile, Justice Katakey filed the fourth interim report on 23rd July,
“By conducting these programmes, we can quickly fill the shortage of doctors in the most important departments such as Gynecology, Paediatrics, X-ray and Pathology.
In the second half, the game became more interesting after Wahliewlong SC scored the first goal of the match but unfortunately they couldn't score.
In a statement, the NHRC in New Delhi said that according to complaints, on 4th June, three members of an indigenous family were abducted by police in a mob in the village. B Phainom is located in Kangokpi district.
However, when you look at it, you can see that this is only a temporary maintenance of the road, because the color of the road, is very stable and can be destroyed, only in this coming rain.
First : let us look at what happened in the days of Abraham, when it was time for his son Isaac to be married, he gave his household to his servant. Abraham had faith that God Himself would “send angels before Him”.
Afghan troops are still trying to negotiate with the Taliban, leaving many checkpoints and checkpoints to avoid bloodshed.
“He does not believe in explaining why it takes so long to decide to implement the ILP or how the Central Government has decided on this issue,” he said.
JOWAI: The hearing of the Meghalaya High Court on the appointment of Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has been postponed to another date. This shall be done after the request of the muktiar of the accused.
In fact, it is now the duty of the MSPCB to visit because they have given consent, but why can't they visit the factories if they have complied with all the 24 rules.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Four projects under the Pilgrimage Rejuvenation and Spiritual Augmentation Drive (PRASAD) scheme for Meghalaya have been launched at the 11th International Tourism Mart, including the development of livelihoods. for the pilgrims to the Presbyterian Church, Nartiang Shakti Peeth, Aitnar Lake and Charantala Kali Temple.
