According to media reports, the students of Class IV of Manda Apal Primary School in East Garo Hills do not know how to write their names. days per year.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on 7th October swore in Conrad K. Sangma as the new Chief Minister of Meghalaya and also swore in the Cabinet of the new Government.
He added that the allegation that the UDP is a party only for Khasi Jaintia is only a misleading party by some people in Garo Hills, because it is not a party only for them. Khasi Jaintia, but it is the party of the state as a whole.
As the last days draw ever closer, people live as if death will never find them again.
He said, “They did not inform me, they did not invite me because they knew that I was preparing the meeting. election 2019, is a political meeting, I already know that it is a trick of Bah Shylla how to show that the people want him to win again, but I will tell you that Bah Shylla The fight will be between me and Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA or with the person he will nominate.
Recently, Bah Sadon said that the government has allowed the HNLC leaders to come to India without any restrictions or the Safe Passage.
Through this statement, he said that as the residents of Wahiajer Narpuh, he has lodged this letter of complaint against the issuance of NOC or permit for the construction of a new cement plant in this village through the Bond Cement Company Ltd. The NOC from their village was issued and approved by the Waheh Shnong, Ma Sibren Sumer without the approval of the residents.
The second test conducted yesterday on a person who was admitted to the Civil Hospital was still positive. has state.
At the same time, the JNC has also questioned whether the government pays salaries to these employees who do not come to work.
They said that the Garo vote has 12,000 votes for only one candidate while the Khasi vote has 20,000 votes for four candidates.
The NPP leader said that in this election, the church groups have been misunderstood by the news such as false videos, which has brought together the NPP. According to Rakkam, the church groups have been The reason for the decision in the election especially after the BJP has not nominated a candidate for the MP election, to support the NPP, the church groups have been misunderstood.
The decline in income was during the first phase of the pandemic and then during the second phase.
The union said that if the government has not ordered them to test, they should be sent especially those who have just joined and those who will join and all these soldiers to take the primary test. at designated examination centers before entering the state.
“In fact, there is a law, which the village is very strict about and after receiving the complaint, they have closed the village,” said the Nongthymmai MDC.
“Just as we have affected the Reservation Policy, the Reservation Roster System has affected us now,” he said.
“So the snow inside the BJP has come out and thus the BJP has become an alumni party of Congress leaders.
The Behdeiñkhlam of Raij Jowai will end tomorrow and the message of the Behdeiñkhlam is to fight against the addiction to alcohol and the impact of children's games through the internet, which has affected their education.
The MBOSE has been collecting T.150 per month from Class IX students every year since it started in the last three years or more, but the teachers have been collecting T.150 per annum for three years now. The MBOSE has set questions for Class IX students but there has never been a single time that the examination has gone smoothly and in all three years, the questions have been stolen every year and the students have to the examination of those subjects who were absent was conducted twice.
The shops which were destroyed by the fire include the shops of Smilling Makri, Keron Syngkli, Standard Lyngdoh, Kordor, Gobin Syiemlieh, Pleasure Wahlang, Anita R. Marak and others. and Mohina Boro, some of these shops are small and some are large. The total damage has reached tens of lakhs of rupees.
It is worth mentioning that this young man is also deaf and at the same time does not know how to speak.
At the time of the explosion, we felt a strong earthquake,” she said.
The signboard is written on both sides of the road.
Therefore, the union will have to take strong measures if the state government continues to take action on this issue.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the Government of India through the Land Resources Department has agreed to allocate funds for the introduction of land records according to the digital age.
“When it comes to the 2/3 which all the highest Legislative Assemblies of India have passed but here we have seen that there is a fact that we can still ask questions and request the Lamphang. “It is necessary to name these MLAs because according to our view, their results, on the basis of 2/3 according to the 10th Schedule, still have shortcomings in many areas,” he added. you Ampareen.
Others who attended the function were Shri AC Marak, Director of School Education and Literacy, R Lyngdoh, IAS, Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, SP of South West Khasi Hills. Hills D. Sangma, Hadrian Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkyrwat and others who were invited, and welcome speeches were delivered by MK Lyngdoh, Vice Principal of the school.
A source from the Ri Bhoi Police said that the police have received a complaint on the disappearance of the child on the 25th of this month. he plans to go to school in the morning.
“The task of the District Task Force is to inspect the contractors from time to time to find out those who come illegally and to check from time to time,” said Kropha.
Police have arrested a former militant of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) and two others in connection with the attempt to revive the illegally registered Garo National Liberation Army. Army (GNLA).
However, this too does not succeed because it is not easy to cultivate and it is easier to buy food.
The party also hopes for the best for the committee to come up with appropriate and acceptable recommendations, which will be implemented on the basis of transparency and equality. in the division between the Khasi and Garo peoples.
In an interview with Ms Ampareen, after visiting 14 Khasi shops displaying agricultural products, she urged the youth to turn their attention to agriculture. to their farms, not only in government jobs, because this is also a great source of employment.
“We will hold a protest across the state, because even in Garo Hills they support the government's removal of three officers who have investigated and found corruption in GHADC,” said Bah Ardent. meeting at YMCA, Mawkhar this evening.
In Meghalaya, the distribution of poor houses was T.38,500, as estimated in October 2010 and T.15,500 for the improvement of poor houses, while since June 2010, it has been increased. T.48,500 for the construction of new houses and T.15,000 for the repair of damaged houses.
The FCTC also suggested a number of measures to prevent tobacco use – reducing production, reducing transportation and reducing harm.
Laban Sports Club has launched the 2nd Meghalaya Open Table Tennis Cash Prize Tournament 2023 on Thursday at the Indoor Stadium of the club.
The government has no intention of creating jobs for the youth.
On the same issue, Rupang has spoken to several ministers of the Mylliem Hima who did not want to be named. to remember only one name and where he gave the shop especially that it is a shop that is complained by the people, which is easy to remember by heart.
Speaking to Rangdajied captain Niawkorlang Kyndiah, Rangdajied's defeat in the first leg may have given them confidence. After losing by 3 goals, the team has a strong desire to continue fighting for the title.
After the arrest of Gopal Mandal, the police raided his residence and seized two pistols, several rounds of ammunition, weapons, alcoholic beverages and other property.
He said that the Trinamool Congress has the goal of standing for the people since the rule of law and trust in the people. The party was founded by Mamata Banerjee who is now the Prime Minister. West Bengal since 1998, 1st July and to date has been encouraged and progressed in many fields.
Recently this year, it has also purchased a plot of land at Mawtawar for the construction of a football ground for the benefit of the children to train themselves in football besides education.
It is worth mentioning that the project, known as 'Houses for Urban Poor', has been allocated special funds by the Central Government and has been sent to the State Government at a cost of T .7.80 crore.
Besides, he said that when the Executive Committee distributed the scheme, Mawlai had the highest number of voters while others with the lowest number of voters received the same amount.
The HANM has alleged that these deaths and injuries have occurred due to the lack of traffic jams from one side of the road to the other due to the lack of zebra crossings, speed breakers and roads. These are the reasons for the injuries to the people especially the school children who walk near the Bye Pass road.
As of 2017, the population has exceeded 34 lakh (3.47 million) which means that in the last 16 years, about 11.5 lakh residents have grown.
Father Joseph Gomes, a member of the Bangladesh Paribesh Movement (BAPA) in Moulvi Bazar, said that the violence against the minorities has happened from time to time due to land disputes.
The Director of Mineral Resources, who inspected the coal mining site, has been directed to submit a report within 50 days and at the same time to fix the date of the meeting. go and inspect the place.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi and Jaintia People (FKJGP) Byrnihat Circle, together with the Syiem of Raid Marwet, today visited several places in Byrnihat area. to be used as a place to dispose of niut ki nier produced in dozens of villages in the area.
Regarding the demand for the return of Block II to Meghalaya, the CEM of KHADC said that the two Governments are still in talks.
Where the Government of India is unwilling or unable to resolve the issues of Meghalaya on the border, the Government of Meghalaya should understand and do its duty, understanding that it is not in power. The police should recruit the people into the police in the form of conscription like the recruitment of the army in other countries to bring peace and stability especially on the border; Otherwise, we will be like the Palestinians who will become refugees in our own country,” said the statement.
However, it is against any activities that disturb or intimidate the people, especially this mining in this area which causes harm to the people.
Since the beginning of the appointment of the High Level Committee (HLC) headed by Prestone, I have not been included even though this area falls under my constituency. “It is an insult to me as an MLA from this constituency,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Don Bosco Past Pupils Association, Shillong on Saturday held a one-day medical treatment at Old Jirang. people from all over the villages near the jirang.
Shillong, March 27 : The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has selected 16 boxers to represent the state in the 1st North East Sub Junior Boys & Girls Boxing Championship to be held at Dirang, Arunachal Pradesh. which will run from 27th to 31st March 2022.
The Karbi Anglong Presbyterian Synod will be held from 4th to 7th June at Puralangso Presbyterian Church, Dima Hasao District, Assam, just 14 km from the Meghalaya border.
And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.
He said that in the past, there was a time when these same species of insects came to destroy the Sla Khniang to feed the Niangryndia, but now for several years they have not come anymore. It was not until this year that they came back to eat all these crops which the farmers had planted to feed the Niangryndia.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma on Friday inaugurated the Biological Waste Management System, the 40-bed Geriatric Ward and the PSA Oxygen Generation Plant at the Shillong Civil Hospital. .
The Supreme Court today extended the bail of former Delhi Chief Minister Satyendar Jain till 24th November for medical treatment in connection with his arrest on corruption charges. The Enforcement Directorate has investigated the case.
The number of recoveries has risen to 13,866 and the death toll has risen to
“Once you have joined HITO, don't be shy but have a spirit of determination to fulfill your part,” said Bah Donbok. They can make money through it because even the top leaders of HITO have money and the offer was exactly like offering a pig's head.
Therefore, the Priests immediately celebrate the Holy Mass.
Shillong: According to the samples collected by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) from around Shillong, only Mawblei and Demthring are suitable for use. to use, and this was found in the test from the State Food Testing Laboratory, Pasteur Hills, Shillong.
According to the arrangement, the Indian Navy will receive 22 single-pilot Rafale Marine ships along with four trainee ships.
We have also received some companies which have come but they have not yet reached the target which we feel they can do and complete the work properly as we expected,” said the CM. After a thorough discussion with all the various groups, we have all agreed that the path given is the right one to move forward in this regard.
The CBPS will have branches covering all parts of Tripura.
On the other hand, the head coach of Shillong Lajong, Bah Bobby Nongbet, said that the team played well in the last match despite having to lose 10 points. The players will continue to maintain the same style and fight hard from the beginning.
He said that the union wants the Government to take immediate action so that the farmers can escape from the deprivation.
It is learned that these men had gone to pick up their mother from her residence in Mawliehbah Manner and took her to Nongdisong village to the house of their sister Sildaris Marngar.
He said that soon his group will try to turn to those areas where there is a strong presence of insurgents like Garo Hills and other places.
Reuveny Nongtdu, students and teachers of JNV School Mukhla.
If MeECL through MeSEB fails to provide full electricity to the students so that they can prepare well for their examinations, the union will take action against the MeECL at Moowakhu. , as the union has received complaints from many parents and even from the students, said the union.
He urged all those who wish to take part in this tournament to contact the office bearers of the synjuk in Nongstoiñ as soon as possible.
Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport wrote that "Blatter has been buried" and added that "FIFA is in trouble"
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has elected Biangshwa Shylla as the new president of the Phramer Village Council.
On Saturday, the final round will be played between Mawlai SC and Nangkiew Irat SC at 3:15 pm.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the Covid-19 Committees will ensure that these people who are high risk contacts of people infected with Covid-19 should not travel. They should not be in public, but should complete the 14 day quarantine as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
It is on this point that Job asks about the shortness of human life as time goes by.
Welcome speech was delivered by Bah Olden Nongpluh, General Manager and Officer-in-Charge, Reserve Bank of India, Shillong in the presence of about 160 farmers. members from SHGs, local employees and others.
Chirupki Suting scored the fourth goal in the 16th minute and Joydeep Bamon scored the second goal for Mukhla Raij SC in the 16th minute. 51st & 73rd minutes and Chandame Suna in the 89th minute.
Furthermore, the Puit have arrested one of the leading persons who incited the people to create trouble and burn down the ACHIK headquarters besides throwing stones at the Police and Sengbhalang who were talking to the Minister. The eldest is Saleng R Marak from Damalgre.
Shillong: There have been 101 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and one person has died.
Speaking on the various schemes, the leader assured that these schemes will continue to provide services to the people.
Rahul Shah scored 47 runs from 42 balls and Pynhunlang Kharnarbi 34 runs from 59 balls.
“I don't sit on this throne to judge those who don't have it.
Therefore, he appealed for the cooperation of the people by taking into account the importance and value of water so that there will be no obstacle in the implementation and achievement of this objective of the Jal Jeevan Mission which will surprise him. a people who did not dream or expect the water to reach the house.
He said that the construction of the internal road and the supply of water has been completed.
“It is true that the Minister of Home Affairs has sent her resignation letter last night but I want to clarify that I have not received her resignation letter,” he said in the House. NPP James K Sangma has asked for clarification whether it is true that the Minister of Home Affairs has resigned.
For more information please call 9402190429, 8414093939 &
“We have allowed those who cannot speak English to speak in their own language,” said the Speaker.
We have approved but the money has not been released.
“This is not the first time he has hung up on her.
Umiam received 3.3mm of rainfall, Sohra received no rainfall and Shillong received heavy rainfall.
Meanwhile, MLCU has appointed 3 candidates in 2011 and 3 candidates in 2012, 9 candidates in 2013, 5 candidates in 2014 and 4 candidates in
“In the end, it's okay because we have been able to unveil this 10-piece statue and this is the happiest moment for the Khasi and Garo residents in the state. the relatives of Tirot Singh, the Hima Nongkhlaw and all the Seng Bhalang groups and the people of the state.
Police have recovered the body and identified it as Bah Yespar Pariong, 54, of Nongstoiñ.
On seeing this, the residents and employees of Nanpalok (wardlake) immediately informed the police.
However, at that time, it was reported that Ma Balen Thubru and his followers came out and threatened Ma Ruhi Phawa and then, they tried to break the video camera, which was still ringing. The video was recorded by Bah Paul, who recorded video for the Rilung Cable Network.
Wagle urged the people to support the MVA in Maharashtra in the upcoming elections.
The winners were awarded their medals at the Crinoline Swimming Pool Malki today.
“The Assam government in 2011, took a decision to grant citizenship to Hindus, Bengalis, Sikhs, Jains, Parsis, Buddhists and Christians,” he said. It has been sent to the Central Government for a decision on this issue.
“I want to tell the young people here that you are the most important and you have a responsibility and it’s not so much about getting a medal or getting an award but being a good role model for others," he said .
Speaking at the meeting, Amit Shah said that at the recent meeting of the North East Council (NEC) chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister not only He praised the work done in the past 50 years in the North-East Council but also directed the preparation of a Blueprint for all sectors of development in the North East in the next 25 years. come and set goals.
What we must understand clearly in the field of khadar governance is that the political leaders we elect affect the future of the community, the state and the nation.
The meeting elected Bah Rishai Mawlong as Vice Chairman and President of WKSU Mawshynrut Circle and Steven Nongsiej as Asst Secretary.
Most of the properties of schools make it difficult for children to attend private or private schools. Schools in Meghalaya are closer to some of the Northeast states.
The President of the Seng urged the members of Shillong City to be honest in their working methods, and not to discriminate against the people and the money. and the C.E.C. on the demand of the union for the registration of the land within the boundaries of the state from the state government, at the same time he said that they should be vigilant. To encourage the entry and exit of foreigners to set up their own businesses or not to hesitate to do any work as the Seng itself has the objectives through the Constitution of the Seng. (Constitution).
The death toll in England has risen to 866 and 114 in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Only ambulance vehicles and journalist vehicles will be allowed to pass during the curfew. The union urged all the people to join hands in the curfew so that there will be no inconvenience. take advantage of the opportunity to promote the organization.
“If the government doesn't do anything as it has promised before us as the leaders of the party that next year this college will not open, on our part, we will look into this matter,” he said. and Mr. Thanksgiving.
However, Bah Shylla's defection shortly afterwards to support the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has caused shock.
Pingali Venkayya was a freedom fighter and follower of Mahatma Gandhi, who is considered the father of the Indian nation.
“I announce the steps taken by the IT&C Department, Powertel, and MeECL for their hard work to achieve this vision.
The behavior of the people living in Shillong is that they do not understand the seriousness of Covid-19 and do not know that it is necessary to follow the directives of the State Government.
Sub Inspector Bah E.Sungoh has lodged a suo motto FIR, where the police have conducted a thorough investigation and informed the Mairang police station. be careful to follow these thieves.
Before Sir Thomas Jones left, there was a prayer meeting on 24 November
In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of the district, the Sengbhalang expressed their strong opposition to the proposal to hold a public hearing on the 24th to improve the operation of the M on the 25th for the implementation of shale mining by M/s Green Valley Cement Ltd at Brichyrnot.
She said the government will encourage the planting and burial of agricultural products free of chemical fertilizers but the use of natural fertilizers, which do not harm health.
The Seng demands that the district authorities should set up an inquiry and punish those involved in the insult to this family just because they came from Shillong, said a statement from Mansaljune K. Hari, General Secretary, KSU San Shnong. Unit Area.
In the second half, RoundGlass Punjab scored the first goal in the 46th minute after Vanlalzuidika Chhakchhuak scored. wrong inside the column.
The Minister said the government has looked into the water problem, but it is not easy due to climate change.
The PDF is a recognized registered party in Meghalaya. There are parties that have been in existence for decades but the Election Commission has not recognized them. The Election Commission has also recognized the symbol and what is more surprising for the PDF is that as soon as it started contesting the election, 27 candidates contested and four candidates won and two of them became government ministers.
Lesley Rowan, from Alexandria, West Dunbartonshire, Scotland, said she saw a picture of Jesus appearing in the cathedral.
Therefore, the organization has offered to assist the children who have talent in their art with the proper use of their talent.
When contacted by the followers of the MLA, who are from the villages under Mawhati Constituency, they said that they have heard of such a bad news, but the MLA has not yet responded. He said that he will contest from Nongkrem or Mawhati in
The stadium was built with the assistance of the Ministry of Minority Affairs.
Most of these rural hospitals refer these patients to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
She said that the Horticulture Department has and will operate up to 14 Hortihubs across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Anthony Bareh, 48, of Saphai, West Jaintia Hills.
Sumer said that statistics gives an accurate estimate of the development of the past, present and future and through research it helps to build the state and the country.
Yellen and other G7 ministers on Friday expressed the need to raise funds for Ukraine and pledged to strengthen sanctions against the country. Russia for its endless invasion of Ukraine which is not even sufficiently equipped.
The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) on Tuesday held an election of office bearers to strengthen the party in 6 Khliehriat Block.
Earlier, William's brother was arrested by the police from a Night Super near Mawiong, along with another ANCA member and they confessed that they had planned to kidnap the policeman and his friend. his.
When asked whether under his tenure he would invite other ministers who used to be on the side of Pa'iem Latho to work together, he said, “The door is open to all. for the sake of the Hima," he concluded.
In another incident, a 2-year-old girl, Larisha Sohtun, has died after an earthquake struck a house in a sharing lum in Lum Kyntung. , which falls at Umtyngngar, on the road to Sohra.
General Secretary Bylon Khyriem explained the progress of the Association and the vision and objectives of the Association were explained by Jespar Khyriem Adviser.
The teachers, scribes, and scribes valued these laws or rules of their own making more than the Law of God and Jesus opposed the laws or rules of the Pharisees and scribes. The Sadducees.
Many of the coal owners have lied, some don't have coal in Dipu, while others have increased the availability of coal as it is in Dipu,” said the Committee.
Abhishek Kumar scored 27 runs in the last two overs for 32 runs off 15 balls without losing a wicket and tied a four. and two sixes.
Speaking to reporters after laying flowers to commemorate the 183rd death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh, Bah Paul said, “Strength is not the number of paid but the courage”.
He graduated from St. Paul's Apostolic School Upper Shillong in
After the explanation by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, Founder of the Clean Politics Campaign and President of the VPP, the people came forward to donate to the VPP. as a sign of support to the Party in its journey to serve the country and the nation through politics.
According to the information provided by the DTO office, the sale of taxi permits can only be transferred from one person to another through DTP Office, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced that it will form an Executive Committee after the results of the KHADC and JHADC elections.
Only those who know how to give first aid can provide immediate resuscitation.
That is why we must surrender to God in prayer by asking like the Pharisees and soldiers of old asked Jesus – “What shall we do” so that God will give us the right answer.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Gilbert J.Sangriang-AEE Mechanical Engineer Department of Agriculture as the Chief Guest in the presence of the office bearers of the Union and others who took part in the distribution of prizes. to the winners.
Hamoud al-Ajaleen, 40, has been missing since Friday in Wadi al-Dawasir village in Riyadh province.
In the western parts of Kisumu and Homa Bay, the protesters blocked roads and roads around the areas and set fire to them as a sign of protest. strong opposition.
It is learned that these two persons had gone to the scene with the intention of stopping the fight, but a man named Training Phawa from the same village came out of a Hyundai Creta ronglieh number (ML). -10-C- 5037) together with Sdie, attacked and stabbed them until they were seriously injured.
Marak, (23) of Gambagre Damalgre, South West Garo Hills, Tenang A Sangma, (35) of Ampanggre, West Garo Hills, Bah Phulgen Ryntathiang, (58) of Pyndengumiong, West Khasi Hills, Bah Eugene Rapthap, (60 ) of Rngi Rynjah, (81) of Lumbasuk, Bah Suberal Synrem, (63) of Mawmluh, (36) of Bahunlang Nongkynrih, (36) of Lumbasuk, East Khasi Hills. Blida Nonglang, 50, of Jellyshop, Nongthymmai, Shillong, has been taken to Mawphlang CHC on 22-7-2 Elizabeth Pohti, 69, of Dawki, West Jaintia Hills, died on the way to hospital. Stanborlang Dohtdong, (18) of Byrwa, Ri Bhoi, Nripen N Marak, (81) of Tetengkol, Tura, West Garo Hills, died at home. Law, (58) of Lumjingsuk, Madanrting, East Khasi Hills, Fr. Dominic Savio Jyrwa, (36) of Bosco Pnar, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills, Bah Robert Lyngdoh, (45) of Umpling, Dongumbah, East Khasi Hills , Kantimai Simai Syiem, (82) of Nongkrem, Rithiangdra Kyrsian, (35) of Krang, Dong Nongrani, Sohiong, Hasibon Nongkhlaw, (65) of Pomlum, East Khasi Hills The deceased were identified as Daphishisha Sun, 32, of Marbisu, Jamestar Sun, 34, of Mairang, Dongbir, and Ritimesa Wedora N Marak, 3 years old. 8 months from Dobram, Baghmara, South Garo Hills.
He said that he thinks that the people of West Khasi Hills District are stupid to join the NPP. However, the people of West Khasi Hills District are wise and have already done so. Look at the NPP party and how the MLAs in it are and work.
The violence of the Assam government in the border areas of West Khasi Hills of Meghalaya and Assam continues today.
Kong Pyrngap is a skilled worker and ready to help when there is any problem in the community.
Zhang expressed his disappointment with the women's team, which has been ranked first in the world from time to time, but last year at the Uber Cup. the group has lost its ability to reach the goals.
She also directed that all the Superintendents of Police of the districts should be aware of this and should order to stop the trucks carrying over the border.
Mawkyrwat, March 13: The body of a suspected foreigner has been found in Mawkyrwat area.
Shillong: U CEM of KHA DC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has expressed his anger, after he saw with his own eyes that foreigners, who come from here and there are still allowed to trade freely in the area. Mawlong Market and Bimola areas.
So I urge the people not to do that,” said James Sangma.
So Lydia went to sleep in her room.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Ïawmusiang, Jowai has decided to close down the markets if the market dwellers and residents do not comply with the rules and regulations of the village in order to maintain a clean environment in the village.
Mental health is very important to take care of whether it is from adolescence or adulthood.
When they plant like this, they plant pai in rows at a distance of about two and a half feet from one row to another; but these lyngkhot were placed in a line, joining one lyngkhot pai with another.
The Congress party also announced that it will set up a Special Fast Track Courts in Kanakapura to investigate incidents related to terrorist attacks and more serious incidents. such as rape, acid attack on women and others.
Referring to the Payment for Ecosystem Services programme, Conrad Sangma said it is one of the most unique programs that the state has done, and in the whole country, we are the only ones. I am the implementer of this project.
The security was completed within 10 days without any violence but only to ensure that there will be no disruption to the footpaths and roads.
It is also during the lockdown when everyone is staying at home.
Only after you have paid the fee will you be able to pay according to the rules.
The MLA requested the report on the grounds that the Minister in charge of Roads and Highways should be able to take action and send it to the Central Government.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has informed that the ration through NFSA is for those who have AAY & PHH cards and Non-NFSA card holders. for November 2023 will be released through ration shops.
The government then signed a social agreement with Jaypee Pvt.
If you are in the past, you will be able to read like a fish.
He said that programs for the youth, arts and culture and tourism will be intensified.
Balen Thubru strongly criticized the government for allowing the heads of cement factories to transport coal from Assam which is the worst affected state in the North East.
Even a child who is still in Class 1 if you ask 36 how many 24 are long.
The Dalloi urged the first Association to have a good attitude in manners and a smile on his face. “Wealth and honor are two parts of life but the most precious thing in life is honor. be blessed and famous".
He said that the contractors have not demanded any increase in the price of the bill but they are working at the price allocated but on what other basis the government will charge from their share. pay the price of the pipe.
The lack of garbage dump in Jowai and other villages like Ribhoi District and other places is due to the opposition of the people because the authorities have not taken action to and he explained it to the people.
Such works are rarely seen in India and around the world.
Conrad Sangma, the top leader of the National People's Party (NPP), will meet the Governor at 11 am today to discuss the formation of a government in Meghalaya.
Jyotirmoy Koch of the BJP, Mahiran Hajong of the BJP and Nripendra Koch of the Congress will also contest from Betasing constituency.
Garo Hills Police have conducted a search operation in the forests of Bolkinggre in East Garo Hills on the other side of the Simsang River after receiving a tip that a strange object has fallen from high in the sky and covered with a parachute.
Until now, I have never heard of those who claim to be civil society organizations to oppose the increase in the price of food and beverages.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 6: Members of the West Khasi Students Union (WSU) Central Body today inspected the construction of the new school building of Sib Singh Memorial Government Higher Secondary School Nongpyndeng.
“We don't want such incidents to happen in Meghalaya.
In the rural areas, there is no purchase of milk and the purchase of milk is high only in urban areas and the price of milk has risen sharply across the state,” said Das. -TV18.
He said that although all suffer hardships and evils, God's people continue to serve, praise and pray to God.
The job market for teachers will continue to be very high, without the preparation of recruitment plans or any adequate preparations.
Nongpoh: To express strong opposition to a man, who has been accused of raping his own 11 year old daughter, yesterday school children, along with the public From one village in Ri Bhoi, they gathered to demand punishment for this man.
Barry, who starred in Banshees of Inisherin, has signed the film, which will be directed by Paul Mescal, who will play Lucius, son of Lucilla and Commodus.
The Adivasis in Jharkhand have the rights as enshrined in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
“She said that this initiative by the state government has helped and ensured that patients with serious illnesses can go for treatment at the nearest sub centers and only those who are more seriously ill. They will be sent back to hospitals in the districts or the capital of the state.
The investigation is ongoing to verify the incident and the money he stole.
"This is not a Christian idea, but an attempt to get a government ruled by the Vatican," Jain said.
The unions had earlier suspended the protest from March 10 to 16 after receiving requests from leaders of various religious groups.
According to the book, King Xerxes gave a banquet for the governors of the kingdom, from the governors of the provinces to the ministers, the nobles, the advisers, and the officers who served in the royal household and in the administrative departments. change.
On the other hand, the APYC said that the arrest of 36 persons and the filing of 12 cases under the APUAPA has brought strong condemnation and criticism from the people of the state.
AS Majaw who participated in Sessions I & II. At 7 pm there was a sermon by Rev Damlang Rymbai.
In Brazil, the number of cases has risen to 850,514 and the death toll to 42,7
Often we find that those who attack children and women are our own relatives and more likely to be foreigners.
The shortage of lawyers has forced the court to suspend many cases and by 2nd June this year, the Manipur High Court has announced that there are two cases. empty post.
The final was attended by the Waheh Shnong Ma Chemi Rupsi, Assistant Waheh Shnong Ma Skhem Sumer and other elders of the area.
This is the 12th session of
Ardent said that due to the lack of votes, the UDP has not been able to provide MLAs for the formation of a national government.
The drivers of the dumpers claimed to have proper documents, but the West Garo Hills police did not allow them to leave to smuggle goods to Bangladesh.
Khliehriat, July 16: Two Ministers of the State Government, Lahkmen Rymbui, Kyrmen Shylla and Sutnga-Saipung MLA Shitlang Pale, today visited the They have seen the condition of the National Highway in the Narpuh area.
The party leaders will pay tribute to the memory of Srikantha Chary.
Raina has played under Dhoni's leadership in various tournaments in other countries.
He said he rejects the decision of the Executive Dorbar of the Syiem which was held on the 13th of this month.
It is understood that the government is ready to amend the provisions of the Benami Trade Act which have been demanded by the civil society for a long time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndep, Bah Jinu Kharbuki, said that the village in fact from time to time has had a strict ban on those who burn forests, but until today there are still those who burn forests. They don't think that the creation of forests affects the environment and also puts at risk their homes especially during the dry season.
College.
The animal draws water into its stomach where it drinks and eats, and throws it back into the air from its throat and nostrils.
Since 2000, Smile Train India has supported nearly 700,000 people for free mouth surgery across India through a network of more than 150 hospitals.
The Seng will oppose the Government's action in this regard and at the same time urges that before changing the name, the approval of the Dorbar Shnong or the people is required. to hold a public hearing on these issues to avoid confusion.
Dr Mukul said that there is no other investigation into the allegations of corruption.
Shillong Lajong, which is also the leading team in the I-League 2023-24, has won again at home after beating TRAU, Imphal on Saturday. 2-1 in the first leg of the match played at SSA Polo Stadium, Shillong.
To expedite the implementation, a District Level Committee has been appointed headed by Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police as Member Secretaries.
Jambor said that if the Hima encounters any problem, it should inform or take it to the Council.
Through the day, Bah Donboklang Khymdeit, who joined the NPP, said that he and his followers who have joined the NPP, will work hard to strengthen the NPP. The NPP and especially at this time when it is time to renew the MPs, to work hard to win the MP election for Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong Seat.
The meeting was held at the residence of Parad Kelvinnistick where he lives with his youngest sister Shing Nonglamin.
Meghalaya tied first after losing the toss and elected to bat first after losing the toss. Meghalaya spent 43/7 in the 20th over. 12 years.
This defeat means that Langsning will have to return home without qualifying for the tournament.
Manju Hazarika, school teacher, and Smt.
But here you may have forgotten some of the easiest ways to relieve those worries.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister also spoke about what is happening within the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council and what is happening within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
At two o'clock Deisy was ready to drink.
The preparations for the wedding were almost complete, she bought the lehenga for the wedding and distributed the invitations.
“We started holding this tournament only for the players within the boundary of Mawlai but after two years of being affected by the Covid-19 pandemic we started holding the Mawlai Open. Arm Wrestling and we invite all the wrestlers in the state to come and take part in this championship.
When the Syiem Sad received this thanks, she gave ten klong of 'iadum to the Lyngdoh Mawshai, and he went to Suitnia Longsyiem, who established the religion and customs, to learn BHET, the seed. u rnai, the son of a thousand Hima.
The new cases include EGH: 12 (Others), EJH: 35 (Others), EKH: 316 (Others), NGH: 20 (Others), RBD: 65 (Others), SGH: 09 ( Others), SWGH: 47 (Others), SWKH: 80 (Others), WGH: 84 (Others), WJH: 62 (Others) and WKH: 12 (Others).
Once again, I acknowledge that the explanation of the people who do not know the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War,.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Raid Mawlam, Khyrim Syiemship has elected Bah Sik Buhtep as its new Sordar after the resignation of Bah Rang Buhtep. The Executive Committee of the Raid Mawlam has held a meeting on the 10th of November, according to a statement from Bah P.Buhtep Secretary Raid Mawlam.
He said that this visit was after receiving a complaint from the union regarding the discrimination, insult and harassment of Khasi students which has led many Khasi students to drop out of school part time. The school has been arrested for their lack of tolerance for the insulting behavior of the teacher.
The woman is still suffering from a pain in her shoulder when her friend mistakenly grabbed her by the shoulder while they were trying to show it to the media.
Karim felt that all the neighboring countries of India and Bangladesh should work together to boost income.
In fact, the UDP or other synrop parties should replace the ministers and demand to discuss the border issues or to withdraw completely from the MDA Government. because principles and saiῆ thought have been conditionally rejected.
The party is now ready to campaign to support the NPP candidate for victory.
The price of diesel in Delhi today rose by 39 paise from T.70.76 per liter in Kolkata. 30 paise, which is now T.74 per litre.
Referring to the number of medals won by the team of East Khasi Hills District, the boys and girls team of East Khasi Hills District has been the winner in almost all the categories where they have won up to 100 medals. 10 medals including 2 gold, 5 silver and 3 bronze medals.
George Lyngdoh asked a supplementary question on the light bill, saying that the meters in the state have not worked properly.
According to the AMPSTA, teachers will receive an arrear D.A of a minimum of T.25,000 and a maximum of T.55,000 per teacher.
Once again, a Dorbar was convened on the 17th of November but this Dorbar also failed as men and women came out again to oppose.
When we look at the Khasi culture, it has declined to a great extent from the dress, the speech, the story, we don't have that culture in any way.
It becomes like a rongphong.
“I just asked her if the plate was too heavy, if it was filled with bottles of kyiad and she told me that they were bottles of kyiad,” he said.
There should have been complaints against Hek, or Speaker Charles Pyngrope should have done his part.
Tripathi said the rape incident happened in November 2014 when Gond was not yet an MLA. “I have lodged a complaint with Myorpur police station alleging that Gond has raped my sister for more than 10 years after threatening her,” said Tripathi.
Shillong, July 7: The KSU Ministry Unit has sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of PWD (Road) Jowai to inform him about the deterioration and inadequacy of the Mynksa-Khlokynring road.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the milk production in the State is still in its infancy, therefore he encouraged the people to work in this milk production industry so that they can strengthen the milk production and have provided for their own needs.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkynring, Bah L Nongkynrih, said that he was in another place, because there was a meeting and on receiving information about the incident, he ordered the members to He immediately informed the police, who arrested the four persons.
On this occasion, the Acting Syiem of the Hima, Francis Sohmat, together with the Ministers accompanied by the elders of the Hima, said that the people who destroyed the stones are the robbers. continued page 7] enemies.
It is said that Meirad Wankitkhoh and Parad Pnan Mylliem came to live in a synrang called 'Synrang Bah' and planted a garden in this place in Maw-Wanpnan. and it was called 'Maw-Wanpnan'
David goes on to say, “For he hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods” (Psalm 24:2).
We should all live under the trees to curb rising electric bills.
After the collapse of the Legislative Assembly building, the government has appointed IIT Guwahati to see whether the collapse of the building has affected the entire building.
The amount released to the company was about 30 per cent of the total allocation and this has raised a question mark,” he said.
Jhur farmers earn more, but those who grow only rice and rice bran earn less.
All the seized cows were intended for smuggling to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal has banned the smoking of cigarettes in public places and also the vendors who should not sell cigarettes or tobacco within a distance of 100 meters from the places. If found guilty, they will be fined T.200 tyngka.
According to the latest exit poll from Delhi, the BJP will form another government in Tripura, the NDPP will form another government in Nagaland but in Meghalaya there will be a coalition government. which party won the majority.
UDA MDCs led by former Chief Executive Member (CEM) Teinwell Dkhar today met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to demand the resignation of the Governor of Meghalaya, RN Ravi. Speaking to reporters, former CEM Teinwell Dkhar said the UDA wants the Meghalaya government to urge the state government to come. “We have a special session in the District Council and we demand that the Governor should hold a special session to elect the EC. new within the KHADC,” he added.
He also assured about all the assistance from DoNER for the development of the centre.
The Rangbah Shnongs / Vigilance Committees have been directed to elect a person for 5 (San) Years and they must be educated and computer literate and have an Aadhaar Card. .
At the same time, KHNAM leader Bah Batkupar Wahlang has criticized Congress leader Bah Manbor Wajri for speaking against KHNAM, and urged him to come and meet with KHNAM in front of the people to explain. .
We must also remember that if the income of the farmers increases, the society as a whole will increase in many ways for the development of the state and the country.
The Rani area has been used by traders as a quarry for stone and other construction materials in West Guwahati, one of the suburbs. rise very quickly.
Among many there was a voice that came out and suggested to donate money to Bah Nit so that he can buy sound equipment and immediately a lot of people came out and went to donate money at the table. don't face u bah Nit.
In his speech, Fredrick said that the writings say that there was a meeting between Joy Mohon Nichols Roy and Phizo, the Naga leader for the Hill State movement.
"In this fight, Johnny Nongrum will prepare to fight against MMA fighter Farid Khan from Madhya Pradesh, while Babit Kharsahnoh (TCA Combat Academy) will fight against Avinash from Guwahati. .
They added that the attackers also shouted the words of the Hindu god 'Jai Shri Ram' and 'Vande Mataram'
Dr. ES Langshiang, District Disaster Management Officer (DDMO) of South West Khasi Hills District, said that the State Disaster Response Force (DSRF) has always come to provide assistance in case of unexpected incidents such as damage to the area. At the same time, he said that his office provides assistance through the Disaster Management Fund to the victims who have been affected in many ways.
Another punishment was for the destruction of samples which were also true evidence of his actions and the discovery of the use of EPO during the screening of athletes at the Manchester Great Race. which was in January 2022.
According to section 6 of the RTI (Right to Information) Act
We cannot move forward because the casual workers are those who work in the morning and eat at night because their income is low and the cost is high,” said Bah Mawphniang.
The electricity supply has started but it is not known how many years it will be used.
HM Shangpliang said that until April 2021, the cow buyers have not faced any problems but since the introduction of the Assam Cattle Protection Act. 2021 has created a lot of difficulties for the cow buyers of Meghalaya to transport cows through Assam and the reason is that in this Act there are some restrictions and penalties if they transport cows. cow through Assam and it was on this issue that Bah HM Shanpliang raised it in the Legislative Assembly.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 15: The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, has enforced Section 144 CrPC to curb the dumping of garbage in the Nonbah and Nondeiñ rivers.
Although the recent protests in Garo Hills have not affected much in the northern part of the Garo Hills, Marak said they will hold another protest after the Independence Day.
He promised that with the help and support of God he will continue to provide fair service to the poor and needy in the Constituency as a whole.
However, we cannot deny the fact that the best gift is the gift of good moral education and faith that can support a successful and righteous life.
The medals for gymnastics will be awarded on 3rd June (Tuesday).
“I have spoken in Parliament that this will not happen and I say again today, there has been a lot of talk to abolish Article 371 in Jammu and Kashmir,” Shah said. “In the presence of the Chief Ministers of the North East, the Government of India will not violate Article 371,” said Shah.
It is also requested to provide all the relief measures to the refugees as soon as possible to ensure their safety,” he added.
The two resolutions passed by the House today are to convert the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) into the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (UKHADC) and the other is to Assam should not transfer Block I and Block II to the District Council.
It is learned that the police have rushed to the scene and immediately took away the suspect to avoid being caught by the crowd. lakh and 4 lakh for the winner of the competition. lakh for the second place and 2 lakh for the third place and other prizes.
Heavy rainfall is expected to continue from the 17th to the 20th of this month and after that, the heavy rainfall will gradually decrease.
Rejouce Gassah of Ummulong took 43 runs for 31 wickets. 25 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the country. 250 cases in the State on Tuesday.
The KSU will encourage the members of the jaidbynriew who have brought honor to the village by passing well in the examinations held in
The man suffered from severe headache and headache.
Nongstoin, July 22: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HDP) last month launched its calendar at its office in Upper New Nongstoin.
Early the next morning, I was told that the Dkhar had died on his bed.
The cause of the incident was that Bah Wahlang, had tried to shoot a ksew, which was nearby, but when the children of Amita stopped him, he shot the house to escape. hand.
In this country and around the world, there are legally recognized media outlets.
Recently, the Government of Meghalaya has approved the Garo Language to be included in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution and we hope that the Government of India will approve this.
He said that the district authorities have received information that there are some people who carry a lot of money and try to buy voters and order them to vote for the candidate they support. forbid to do this.
For example, Jammu and Kashmir benefits a lot from the influx of tourists who want to see the world and relax their bodies and souls.
“Therefore, there was no inconvenience today and we are grateful to the Assam government authorities who have worked and helped to ensure that these voters can go to vote,” said Bah Kharkongor.
Indeed, although there was a time when He prayed to plead with His Father to say that if it were possible to be delivered from the cup which He had to suffer, He relied on the will of His Father and not on Him. you want to fulfill the Mission for which you came.
The State Government through the Rural Development Department is allocating funds to each block for the cleaning of roads in conjunction with the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS).
For the first time this year, all the nine states of the region including Sikkim have been invited to attend the Summit.
In recent days, there has been a lot of talk around the world and here in India about the world's population.
Lambokstarwell Marngar said that in the past, the people of the area have lost their lives due to the invasion of the Assamese especially the police.
The Hima expresses its gratitude to the KHADC for requesting writings from the Hima from time to time for approval and thanks especially to the Court for authorizing the Hima to take The Hima has been given the opportunity to set the rules for who can apply for a Trading License.
The poor family belongs to Meris Dkhar, resident of Khliehdupon Village, Ladrymbai.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has decided that all government ministers should contribute to the relief efforts of the flood victims in Garo Hills.
Speaking to u SP East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, he said that the body of the woman was found from a house in Rynjah.
The following are the proposals of the Mylliem Hima Act 2007 : To have a special section to explain that the first day of the first month of November and January shall be the day of the Dorbar Hima Mylliem together with Khun u Hajar to approve the Budget Proposal of the Hima Mylliem from the Legislative Assembly of the Hima Mylliem.
Daniel 2:48-49.
He congratulated the team under the leadership of Bah Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh (coach) for bringing glory to the state.
The disease is spread by the spread of droplets from an infected person during sneezing, coughing or talking.
In conclusion, Shiwat said, “It doesn't make sense to hold some high positions if you don't have the responsibility and do your job properly.
You don't have to think carefully and don't make a decision without thinking about everything.
He also congratulated former MLA Bah KP Pangñiang who has worked hard to get the name of the school and through his hard work the government has turned around and got the school. scheme.
Four people were killed in the collapse, including two boys, a 9-year-old and a 6-year-old and two girls, an 8-year-old and a 4-year-old. of age.
The term 'Church Rympei' refers to the family, the smallest group of the church of Christ.
KTF came to prominence in 2011 when she became the leader of Babbar Khalsa International, a militant group registered under the UAPA. The rebel group and its members receive a lot of financial assistance and support...from foreign groups and group leaders and this group has been involved in many terrorist attacks as well as also to kill people," he said.
Croatia were stronger and stronger from the start of the first half and tried their best to score the first goal but Japan scored the first goal in the 43rd minute through Daizen Maeida but Croatia scored the first goal in the 55th minute through Ivan Perisic.
CEM of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem was also present as the Chief Guest.
This law can never be changed by saying that the sun will rise in the west and set in the east.
There was also a demonstration on how to cultivate rice and on the precautionary measures to avoid the infestation of various types of insects. Pests which intend to damage the crop and others are defender insects which do not turn away from these pests.
We judge and count the mistakes of others as if we have never made a mistake or failed ourselves or will never make a mistake or fail again in anything we try or do.
On the other hand, the union through its Publicity Secretary Samla Yomiki Passah urges the residents not to misunderstand the issue of sending tests abroad and buying medicines outside government hospitals as the government will pay for this through MHIS. Card in case government hospitals do not have their own tests and medicines.
According to the Minister of Urban Affairs, this initiative was discussed after many buses were damaged and difficult to repair.
God poured out blessings through the environment on the children of Israel.
Out of these 37 shops, one shop will be selected to represent the District at the State Level.
The announcement said that those displaced persons from East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) who intend to stay in Meghalaya can apply for these posts.
Earlier, the MGNSA had given 30 days to the State Government on July 30 this year to fill these vacancies but the Government has not listened.
The letter also states that Christians in India are a small group of only 2.3% of the population of the country, and they enjoy good and peaceful relations with others. religions and ethnic groups in the country.
He can sell Masi Lynraw, shiphew, khatsaw and twenty at the price of T.10,000, T.14/-thousand or T.20,000 each.
On this occasion, the Myntdu Pynthornein Farmer Welfare and Producers Organization (MFA) has expressed its gratitude to the farmers for the benefit of the farmers.
In Pool A, Egypt, who are currently in first place with two wins from two games, and Malaysia with two wins from two games, have qualified for the same round. resist.
“So, we have the Democratic Alliance (RDA) and we have to ensure that we have enough candidates to contest and we can get enough opportunities,” Lyngdoh told reporters on the 6th. 18th, Noah.
The Chief Minister of the State Government, Bah FR Kharkongor, has paved the way for not only the statue to be erected, but also the sample of the Stamp and the old Map of Hima Nongkhlaw. David R Syiemlieh, the paintings of the freedom fighter written by Bah Raphael Warjri and other valuable items of the Khasi people to be displayed at the exhibition. In Bangladesh.
Speaking to media, Mondal said IIT Guwahati has already conducted a thorough investigation into the bridge at Pung Umïam and the department is awaiting the report.
The 13 deaths were from EKH: 10, SWGH: 01, WGH: 01 and WJH:
After the hearing, u Bah Sylliang said that he saw with his own eyes that hundreds of people had gathered and heard with his own ears that the people wanted to vote. He said the KHADC will have to think and do whatever is necessary.
Shillong, Lber, 30: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT), Northeast License Service Area (LSA) on Tuesday conducted a campaign to provide information through the “Electromagnetic Radiations from Mobile Tower” in Shillong to encourage the public to residents will be able to learn more about the advancement of digital work and to remove misunderstandings about the impact of EMF emitted from Mobile Towers on health.
“We want to hold the elections according to the constituencies agreed with the central government,” said the DCA minister. constituency after the Central Government approved the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled.
When they had finished, Rangbah Duhulia took the Du-him and prayed.
In this regard, the party has also sent a copy of the petition to the two MLAs of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and King Santa Mary Shylla, who are the leaders of the party. They didn't want to talk about this.
He said that the no-confidence motion on Bah Titos was brought because he acted alone and did not inform his fellow members, and this was upsetting.
Syiemlieh said that in East Jaintia Hills there are more than 2000 people with disabilities and for them, the Election Commission will conduct a Special Camp to provide them with disabilities. that the right to vote.
For our part, we will write to the government to urge it to answer how far the demand for ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution has reached,” he said.
This Act aims to turn the North East into a Hindu country and is a scientific ploy of the Hindu political parties who want to make India a Hindu country and rule by force as shown in these years.
“Ka seng will take its own measures to ensure that the government will abolish the personal interview,” said the KHNAM leader. The Constitution (One Hundred and Twenty-eighth Amendment) Bill, 2023, for 33% seats for women in the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies.
It is learned that these trucks were burnt down at about 2 pm this morning.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Tourist Taxi Association (HPLA) today held a meeting to discuss the illegal collection of money by brokers from tourist drivers in Guwahati. Airport, Assam.
The death toll has risen to
The ceremony was conducted by Lurman B Talang General Secretary and the keynote address was delivered by Samla Platini Mukhim, Publicity Secretary. They have the talent so that they can rise to the top and bring glory to the state as a whole.
Chhangte's family was also present at the ceremony.
The Waheh Shnong of Chamcham, Ma Luh Dkhar, in his speech, said that this shop is very old and it is the first shop in the village. I'm going to open this Mei Ramew Café.
Shillong: The Congress party leaders today congratulated the people of the state on the 50th anniversary of the independence of the state. On the other hand, the Congress leaders have done for the state in the past years.
Security forces have conducted patrols across the city on the day of the curfew. Offices in Khasi, Jaintia and Ri Bhoi districts are operating as usual without any incident. disruption.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 17: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, on Saturday held a special meeting with various political parties from the district. on the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct by the Election Commission of India, for the Lok Sabha Elections,
Besides the award ceremony, there was also a consultation and discussion forum on the theme of how to get modern health care at a lower cost using information with the help of Artificial Intelligence to fully implement these goals amidst the lack of funds and the difficulty of bringing about change.
However, with the agreement of various groups of Mawmluh Elaka and Hima Sohra, the Government has decided to run a Joint Venture.
“We have instructed the new Vice Chairman, Bah Teimiki Laloo, to look into how to move forward,” said the statement.
In my view, it is necessary for foreigners to live and work freely in this Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The impact of COVID-19 is low and I urge the public to be vigilant and take care of themselves at such times,” he concluded.
Buildings that can be used for this purpose should be selected and such places should be prepared in advance.
To protect the village and the border, the residents of Khanduli village also marched and threw down the signboard of the Entry Tax Gate on 17.4.2023 and the clash has been going on since this time until now.2.
“As far as we can, we as the union have filled the areas with stones to make it easier for the drivers and we urge the NHAI to take action to repair them immediately. We also urge that the road in Khliehriat should be properly maintained so that the road will be strong and durable. and cause trouble to the people,” said Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ.
The winners were also awarded prizes and certificates by Rgh Nising Khongjirem, Rojet Buhphang, Tienhok Khongwet and Pressland Marbaniang. The meeting was conducted by Pynkhraw Khongwet.
More importantly, the MSBA in collaboration with the Shillong Badminton Coaching Center has been training children and youth since 2012 to train them to become skilled badminton players.
Ms. E.Nongtraw, Teacher, Education Department gave a speech on the theme of International Youth Day 2019 – “Transforming Education” and Dr. DS Diengdoh, Vice Principal and Program Officer, NSS Unit gave the awards. words of greeting and welcome.
The Regional Committee will be headed by Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs as Chairperson. .– Comingone Ymbon, MLA, Raliang Constituency – Nujorki Sungoh, MLA, Mowkaiaw Constituency – Thombor Shiwat, CEM, JHADC and Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District – Member Convenor.
Who will take responsibility for this? Those who have ruled us for the last two and three decades and still cannot avoid or deny responsibility.
All of them are from Mandalgre.
The Dorbar Shnong has also suggested to the Government that the use of weighbridges should be at all LCSs otherwise, the weighbridge at Amlarem, Sohkha should be temporarily suspended while it cannot be done at all LCSs. Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The three political parties, the KJNU, the MPUF and the All Hynniewtrep People's United Front (AHPUF), have issued a statement to the President of the National League for Democracy (NLD). The KJNU has expressed its concern over the proposed erection of signboards in some parts of the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh in parts of Jaintia Hills. affect.
Although it is not the intention to arrest, the government's plan is to take the political leaders whom it believes are involved in stirring up the protests by putting them in remote places so that they can be arrested. neither the public nor those protesting will ever find or encounter them again.
Similarly, Rev. NS Phawa of the KJP Assembly, before the 2018 elections, has issued a written statement on how to elect the elders and intellectuals.
He said that if people don't use their mother tongue, how can it be preserved or improved?
Is it because you have spent too much money to pay the bills to the contractors/suppliers like in the Subhagya and Smart Meter scheme of MeECL? supplier of unemployed work), whether it has been spent on festivals and unemployment or has been stolen and eaten by the people in power,” she said.
The athletes on this day performed a march past, and took the oath of office led by the karate player from our state, Wandahunshisha Mawblei. Olympic, all these are the traditions of these sports and for the entertainment of the people who attended this day there was also a performance by the singers who are skilled in singing and dancing. The theme song of the tournament was 'Play' which was composed and performed by Summersalt (Shillong) and other singers from the North East. the Tarari Choir, Pynter Orchestra and Lamphang Syiemlieh and their friends; There was also a rocket launch, a laser show; traditional dances of different states and a drone show.
Police in Arunachal Pradesh on Tuesday arrested a member of the NSCN-IM from Tirap area.
He also urged the police to be prepared with riot gear, face bombs, sticks, weapons and others and also to take severe punishment against anyone who tries to create confusion over this incident can cause serious ethnic tensions.
Let us look and listen to how Abraham cried out and talked to God:-First: – The cry of sin: Genesis 18:20 says, “And the LORD said, for the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous.
This pledge was taken at a meeting chaired by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong in the presence of Education Minister Rakkam A. Sangma and the Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Schools team. MSSASA which was held on Tuesday.
Police said that both the men have been missing since the 5th of this month.
It is not long before the people win these High Levels again in the MLA elections 2023, this High Level can fight and enter even the homes of the people.
Pastor P.Dkhar also reminded that the jubilee is part of peace, happiness and by reading from Leviticus 25:9-10: the words, “Then thou shalt In the seventh month, on the fifteenth day of the month, you shall blow the trumpet; On the tenth day of this month, on the day of atonement, you shall blow the trumpet throughout all your land.
She said that the Governor who can speak the language of the people should be sent to the State.
I don't want bloodshed, let's maintain peace and order to move forward in the country and the state. They need to wear uniforms or ID cards.
He also accused the Assam Government of being too corrupt by bringing development works in these villages at will without respecting even the Status Quo signed between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, November 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he himself does not understand the implementation of the Aadhaar number by the Government of India.
He said that at that time he found that the vehicles were parked there only a man from the factory named Durga came to ask for a bill from the District Council to tell that he had already built the vehicle. , I asked when they made the bill, I saw that it was standing there, he said that the bill was made because the MDCs went to ask for T.5000 or T.10,000 tyngka from him and sent the money. I don't have a bill,” said Bah Shylla.
Poland's parliament has elected centrist party leader Donald Tusk as its new prime minister.
In a statement, the Association said that the Prime Minister has considered the proposed letter and said that he will first consult with the Chief Justice of the High Court.
This training program is only for the Ri Bhoi District.
Actor, filmmaker and writer of the jaidbynriew Bah Kitbor W Nongrum also took part in the event.
Bah Pynshai will contest from Mawphlang constituency from the HSPDP. Kong Teilinia said that she has no hope of winning the election this time, because she has been with the people for less than 40 years. as an MDC especially with the women.
We don't force anyone, but we just give them advice,” he said. “According to the Mizo law, anyone who is born with a non-Mizo loses their identity,” he said. members of the Mizo community.
He said that the payment of Professional Tax starts from T.200 tyngka to T.2500 tyngka per annum and depends on the income of the people who have to pay.
We cannot look only to the government to do what is necessary, but as citizens of the state and villagers we need to have a sense of responsibility to do something to prevent it from opening the way for other ethnic groups. heh paid, while the Khasi brothers and sisters are beaten.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, wrote in a tweet last night that out of these 735 cases, 400 cases are in Guwahati alone.
“A government that really cares about development should think about economic policy.
After arresting the child, police said that Banshngaiñ and his friend killed the child by setting up his mouth.
He said the government encourages women to set up their own businesses and will help support their needs.
“Many people have asked how many MLAs the UDP will win but I dare to say that according to the survey we have conducted, all 7 MLAs of the UDP will win again and the survey also shows that these three MLAs will win. Those who join the party now will also win,” he added.
Sohra Combine CC won the toss and elected to bat first but failed to play well and scored 80 runs for the loss of 6 wickets in 15 overs.
On this occasion, the MLA also distributed prizes to the winners of the Poetry, Craft and other competitions in the presence of Principal Lydia Pala, sisters, teachers and students.
He said that the state has not yet been able to develop talent in this field but the government will take measures to promote the film industry.
Parents should strongly teach and encourage the dress code of girls to avoid injuries.
Shillong, November 1: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) has been formed by the HNYF Northern Region, KSU Umsning Circle and the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongjri, Umsning and other neighboring villages. Meghalaya Agrovet Private Limited (MHADC) today sent a letter to the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to request that the District Council should not be responsible for the operation of the poultry farm. to issue a trading license to the company to continue operating in these areas.
Those who complain to the Governor are not outsiders but those who work in his office and it is a very serious matter.
In the first century the Temple received the support of the Caesars of the Roman Empire who authorized the priests to collect offerings and taxes.
She said that only locals will be allowed and not those who have appeared.
Besides, Consolation Prizes of T.500/- each were also distributed to those who came from fourth to fifth place.
“It is necessary for the people to love the nation,” he added.
Only by closing the way to the Gentiles (all people) will God save the Jews (Israel).
Regarding the increase in the number of foreign workers in the area, the HYC urges the village leaders in the area to be more vigilant regarding the payment of bills in the bars. state.
Culprit: means 'riewbymman-'riew is a prefix before any word that describes a specific snap of human being according to the word that follows, for example, 'holy,' 'wild,' 'religious' and how ter ter; and evil is the evil in individual or group of people such as the tendency to do things against the good in society, such as stealing, lying, cheating , murder and such evil deeds.
After a while, Catherine Kharkongor scored the second goal in the 38th minute and in the 69th minute.
And it came to pass, as he passed by, he lifted up his eyes, and saw thirty stars;
The incident happened on the morning of the 25th of this month at 3 pm.
The Kyrmen Foundation together with the Rangdajied United Football Club (RUFC) has invited the players to participate in the Football Trial for the 10 Year Football Coaching Program for Boys and Girls in Khliehriat.
Pdengkarong YC beat Umladkhur 1-0
The Boers of the Netherlands, who formed the Orange Free State in South Africa, associated the indigenous people with the Canaanites.
He said that it is a pleasure for the university to have been able to continue until today and hope that it will continue to serve better and that the university will gain a reputation in the country in the years to come. to come.
He said that these 62 villages fall under the Inner Forest Notified under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulations (BEFR) of
The Iron Maiden legend could lose millions of pounds if he separates from his wife of more than 30 years.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today said that the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) will affect the tourism industry in the state.
There are 1661 confirmed cases, 193190 samples have been sent and 184470 samples have been negative.
Pooja scored another goal in the 20th minute from a freekick and completed a hat-trick in the 67th minute.
The throwing of garbage by the people in public places has also been witnessed near the National Highway-6 in Byrnihat and also near the Byrnihat River. The pollution of the village and the smell of iwtung which affects the people even to breathe because of the smell of iwtung from the garbage spread by the people.
In addition to giving His Word (the Bible) to the world, God also gave His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ.
Another problem is the lack of timely implementation of these resources for the manufacture of these naturally occurring mixtures along with the components of these bio- agents) that can cause yields in different climates in different parts of India. bio-pesticides with only one type of pesticide cannot control many pests, in different soil types, in different climates one place rep from each other and in all crops.
Furthermore, the most important is the ability to collect the garbage, the garbage of the entire city and dispose of it in large and clean places (marten) to turn all the garbage into adequate fertilizer and to recycle the tar equipment that has been dumped in the factories.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday approved the merger of the People's Democratic Party (PDF) with the NPP as a marriage ceremony. and he said, “We are one; we should have signed the marriage certificate and now we are stronger," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: “The police will know what it is, it is the forest department, it is the pollution department that will say,” said Bindo M Lanong, Second Chief Minister of the former government. Speaking to Rupang, MUA said that the police, through the Director General of Police (DGP), have issued an order to ban the mining and sale of coal in the state, which started yesterday.
The President of the HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the meeting was also part of the search for clarification from the officer on the issuance of the order to ban the operation of the two. wheel.
On the other hand, the JAC of ARPBV in its meeting held today, has unanimously decided not to take part in any of the needs of the government if it does not address these issues. or to pay the remaining amount due.
If the RTI seekers find such findings, they should be exposed and also strongly investigated so that the residents will not be deprived of their rights from the leaders just because of the presence of a few. leaders take advantage.
The 25th Anniversary of SKKKJD, Shillong Unit was held at Don Bosco Hall, DBTS Laitumkhrah in the presence of Manbha Pakem, Spiritual Director of Sein Khynroo Khyllood, Festus Shadap and others. The Silver Jubilee Celebration was attended by the youth of the Sein Khynroo Khyllood who live in Shillong.
How can we recognize the Church of the Bible? Any church that claims to follow only the Scriptures must be able to quote chapters and verses from the Bible to prove that they are a member of the Bible. the church as recorded and described in the Bible.
However, due to unavoidable reasons, the match dates have not been decided yet.
Even in the stories which cannot be used as stories, there are many reasons to bury this subject.
At the same time, I beg Mrs. Badariti not to feel sorry for me, it is not that I am insulting you, but I am allowing the rich to lead you forward.
Arbin Singh took three wickets while Ayush Rabha took 10 wickets for Sputnik.
Therefore, the union urges the PWD department and especially the MLA of the area Bah Jason S Mawlong to take action and talk to the contractor who is constructing this road to complete it immediately for the convenience of the people. If it cannot be completed, the party will take other measures.
To improve the quality of education in the state, Wailad said the government has already announced through the Prime Minister that Thomas Jones will fall under the People's College Grant in Aid Schemes. He also informed that the government will improve all the Govt.
KSU Vice President F.Kharmaw Phlang said that the government's announcement has prompted the KSU to call for an office blockade.
Through the use of India's Digital Identity, Aadhar, the Unified Payment Interface (UPI) has provided assistance and services to everyone.
Shillong, March 03: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today held a program to congratulate and congratulate the women's team who will represent the state in the BCCI's Women's U- 19 One Day Trophy will be held in Gujarat.
“Regarding the coke factory, the Minister PHE has already said in the media that he will stop if it affects the lives of the people, but unfortunately the Minister is still operating until now. although he is not yet undocumented, he still produces coke to this day.
Speaking to media, MJACCV leader Wandonbok Jyrwa said that if the state government revokes their permits, it would be good, because they can earn money by private vehicles. because private vehicles are not taxed like commercial vehicles.
The appointment of Michael Deka Phukan as Deputy Commander-in-Chief follows the resignation of Drishti Rajkhowa, who used to hold the post.
AK Tiwari, Deputy Secretary, Government of India, Designated District Prabhari Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, was also present on the occasion.
“The preachers in the past hundreds of years have foretold that the time will come when if you don't have the shap of that beast, you will lose your food and drink. “I believe that you will say that I am a superstitious person,” said Pastor Pyrtuh, concluding that the right to privacy is the strongest weapon in the struggle in the Supreme Court for Aadhaar.
Robertjune also said how the Congress in Meghalaya has not done anything regarding the attack of the Congress MLA from Assam.
Once elected as an MLA, it was together for everyone.
After that, the robbers robbed him of T.25,000 and shot him.
SHILLONG The ICAR Research Complex for NEH Region today celebrated its 49th Anniversary.
According to the duty of His divinity He has that feeling to fulfill and provide for man's need, but He cannot grant such a desire.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) through its Education Cell on Thursday met with the authorities of the Law Department of the North Eastern Hill University (FKJGP). NEHU) on receiving complaints from parents and students about the lack of teachers teaching at the department for some time.
The march will start from Congress Bhavan at 12 noon and then proceed to the CBI office.
We will fight to force the Government not to sign this agreement, if it listens to us.
Dr. Amanda, wife of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency, received the award for her thesis on Khana and the development of school education. to the children who are suffering, disadvantaged and disadvantaged' by giving the example of a school in Qualapaty.
He said that the tourist attractions in Meghalaya are the ones that attract tourists from abroad and from abroad as well. to improve or maintain the various tourist attractions, so that it can attract more foreign tourists.
This morning, the KNU claimed that its troops attacked the camp and killed 10 soldiers, including a lieutenant-colonel.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong Umroi has decided to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to urge him to look into the issue before issuing Schedule Tribe Certificate to anyone. the person so that through it can help to resolve what the Supreme Court has ordered.
The match will be played at Shillong Public School Ground, Laitumkhrah and the starting match will be played at Bethany Society Ground, Shillong and Moran Blind School, Dibrugarh at 2:00pm.
East Khasi Hills has 371 cases, West Garo Hills 45, Ri Bhoi 15, West Jaintia Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 3, East Garo Hills 1, North Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 4 and West Khasi Hills 1.
About 81,000 youths in Meghalaya have registered their names on the Electoral Roll of the state. on the day the state will go to the elections to elect its leaders of the state legislature.
As the President, he urged all the students to pray for the government to work better for the college, at the same time he called on all the students to work together. in any fields in order for them to be successful.
However, the factory has violated the order of the MSPCB, said the Waheh Shnong of Nongsning.
During elections, it is truly a spectacle, as the people dance and rejoice for the candidates and political parties they like to support.
The JMB has tried to dump garbage in East Jaintia Hills at the coal mines in Lamyrsiang, Sutnga District and here too the residents have protested and even the garbage that has already been dumped from the trucks has had to be picked up and transported back to Jowai. .
I blame the women because their dress is too much, of course the man also dresses immodestly but compared to the women it doesn't fit at all.
Shillong, Jymmang, 03: The Meghalaya Police on Tuesday morning arrested three drug traffickers, two of whom were that she married.
The JYDS on Thursday led by Damanleki Lathong President JYDS in the presence of General Secretary Kmenlang and Dhar met with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Jaintia Hills District on Thursday. too expensive fare car income.
Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur is one of the most important roads in Bhoi, as it connects many villages in the Umden area to Marmain. and Sunapur, Assam, but as it is now, the condition of the road has deteriorated and has caused problems to the people in the area.
Surprisingly, when the CRPF came, they protected these Dkhars and tied lathi against the Khasi.
However, he said that the Government has announced that the salaries of the teachers of these colleges will be paid by the Government but has not given any instructions to these colleges regarding the Admission Fees, Monthly Fees. and others.
In previous years he performed all over the state and in different parts of the country.
The Trained Nurses Association of India (TNAI) East Jaintia Hills Unit (TNAI) has celebrated the International Nurses Day on the 14th June to commemorate the birth anniversary of Florence Nightingale and the service of nurses in the society. Nurses of Sutnga CHC, took part in conducting the program which was held at Sutnga Elaka Dorbar Hall, in the presence of the chief guest, Ma Seiborlang Shadap MDC Sutnga-Narwan Constituency.
They were identified as Dr TP Jaiswal of Unnao, Dr PK Goel of Sitapur and Dr Ashish Saxena of Gonda.
In the second match, Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu beat Madanthad Thadmuthlong FC 2-2
Sir Richard Branson has announced a new era of space travel after he flew himself into space on a 10-hour flight yesterday.
The three-time MLA from Poraiyahat constituency has been the party's Symbud Leader in the State Assembly.
On this occasion, the debate was lively with the participation of supporters from various parties.
The Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District and the Police have rushed to the scene to stop the Assam attempt to occupy the land by planting Mawpud inside this village.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 23: Due to the ban on commercial and private vehicles coming from Assam to enter Meghalaya, from yesterday after the incident at Mukroh, for the safety of passengers, Commercial vehicle drivers of Meghalaya and Assam have come forward to cooperate and earn money especially to transport passengers safely through their services. .
These villages and kingdoms, Syiems, Elaka and Lyngdoh kingdoms should know how to read Khasi and write Khasi and especially how to speak Khasi. assist to understand and manage the work in various offices as well as in the market in the trade and other activities in the State of Meghalaya.
I have only feelings for my own political party,” said Bah Metbah.
We believe that he exists and rules the earth in righteousness, truth, and love.
This has affected the parents and the students, sometimes only 100 books have been received and in a moment they have been sold out.
Individual Talang, husband of Risha Lymba and father of Demichwa Lymba, collapsed at Madan Heh Mawlai while playing between MSA team against Friends United of Mawlai Sports. Club on the 23rd of July
Nongkseh SC has won its first Group-B victory in the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023, after beating Mawshbuit SC 1-0
Shillong, Nailur, 08: U Minister of State for Electricity and Supply, Abu Taher Mondal on Tuesday said that mobile companies should pay their electricity bills immediately to avoid power cuts in anything can time.
tomorrow, in Group A (JN Stadium) – Goa vs Uttar Pradesh (9:30am); Delhi vs Mizoram (2:00pm)Group C (Third Ground) – Sports Authority of India vs Haryana (9:30am); Meghalaya vs Odisha (2:00pm).
Justice Chandra is also the former President of the Custom, Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal.
Shillong: The Monitoring and Implementation Committee (MCIC) of the 19th Shillong South Constituency, under the leadership of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA, will meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Defense Minister of India. He said that the army should return the Kyrkit Stadium to the state government for the construction of the sports grounds of the state and the Laban Sports Club especially to prepare for the National Games
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kitborsing Lyngdoh, President SSSM. Speeches were delivered by Bah L.Marthong MCS, EAC, South West Khasi Hills District. SJ Kharbhih from Life Care Foundation, Superintendent of Police, Dr Bhalang Sumer, O/O DMHO and other officers from the district.
Shillong, July 31: The MLA of East Shillong Constituency Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and her sister Dr. Jasmine Mary Lyngdoh on Tuesday registered their nomination papers before the Returning Officers at the Deputy Commissioner's Office. of East Khasi Hills District for the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on 27th June,
Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra said in a tweet, “Now Rabri Devi has been forcibly arrested.
When the time came and the time to speak, the war was strong in each group even if it was only one surname, for example Seng Kur Kurbah which had up to 22 tribes in that Dorbar. Kur which has been held in the past years.
The meeting elected RB Shadap as President, Sunshine Shadap as Secretary, EK Lapang as Joint Secretary and others.
Shillong: After scoring more than 100 runs, Rohit Shah tied more than 100 runs today to lead Meghalaya to 405 runs against Sikkim in the second day of the U-23 tournament. The trophy was won by the plate group at Anantapur Stadium.
Besides, such people don't want to go from one house of the candidate to another, because in them, that rain of victory or the spirit of knowledge is no longer in them. They went in and out, and understood, for it was time for them to eat.
“We know that special documents are needed to hold these certificates ranging from Migration, Degree, Provisional etc for these students who have completed their studies.
The District Council, which is under Article 7 of the Constitution, does not operate within the State, because the government does not implement the provisions of Article 7 but implements them according to the provisions of the Constitution. in India.
F.Siangshai of KB Memorial Secondary School and the Players of the Tournament title went to Budmiha O. Mukhim of HK Singh Secondary School.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah HS Shylla, CEM of Khasi Hills District, today inspected two companies in West Khasi Hills District. The CEM has started to inspect the silver factory at Riwiang village, which is known to be the largest copper factory in Riwiang village. Shri Shakhambari Ferro Alloys Pvt Ltd, in the presence of the BDO of Nongstoin and Mawthadraishan Block, officers from the Labor Department of Nongstoin and police. Speaking to reporters, u Bah Shylla said that in fact all the foreigners who come to work in Meghalaya are They should have a license from the KHADC along with Police Verification and especially they should also have a certificate from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to avoid the spread of HIV. Regarding the factory in Riwiang, u Bah Shylla said that he cannot say that the factory has benefited the Khasi people because they have been able to supply mawlein, shyiap and coal and some have been employed in the factory; However, when it comes to the health sector, it is understood that there is a problem, because the women have come to inform him that they have suffered from headaches, eye diseases and in this regard, Bah Shylla u la He said he would write to the Director of Health Services.
Speaking to media, u Bah Kharshiing said that he hopes that if the curfew is held for many hours, it will protect many people from the disease. The spread of Convid-19 will help the health authorities to prepare preventive measures especially now that there is no cure for Convid-1
The union requests the district administration from the police department and the Motor Vehicle Inspector (MVI) to take the necessary action.
However, at that time, Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh was expelled from the APHLC and joined the HSPDP because of disagreements with other leaders.
“She said that through this app, the payment is received only after three days.
“At this time, there are no fish to die in the river because there are no fish in the river after the deaths have happened every year,” he said. The village chief of Sunapur is S.Lamare.
He said that my candidacy for this election is based on the understanding of the two parties, the UDP and the HSPDP, on the basis of protecting the country and the nation. to preserve the land, the customs and traditions and the unique snap of our nation and to develop the nation from time to time.
A case has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station under Section 46(6)2023u/s21(c)29 of the NDPS Act.
“The government has violated its own order by directing all departments to notify the vacancies in their offices when they issue any advertisement,” she said.
There are some areas where the posts have been vacant for more than 304 years and therefore we feel that this Board should exist and that this appointment should be completed within 306 months to fill these posts. empty.
The Congress said the closure of these factories, which are the source of income, has severely affected the economic growth of the country.
The incarnate Jesus Christ is the center of Christmas and without him the celebration of this day would not be possible.
“When the previous government signed such a soskular and now they come to ask questions, it is not reasonable, but as a government that should have responsibility we have taken it. the several solutions to the problem regarding power outages.
The Police Department will increase patrolling in Shillong.
They also want to build the Maweit road just to win elections for themselves, no one cares about the people”.
Meanwhile, the CEC has appointed Bah Teimiki Laloo as the new vice chairman of the party for six months.
Tynsong said that many training sessions on drugs have been conducted for officers and police at the Police Training School (PTS) and CID Headquarters, Shillong.
5,500 RATs were distributed to the Saraiya Community Health Center (CHC), which has already tested 6,581 people and Saraiya PHC has distributed 8,250 test kits. However, the number of people who have been tested is 8,7
After this, Mukul distributed LED Solar Lanterns to the students of various schools.
Saying that this now falls on the shoulders of the KSU members, the President said that as members of the KSU they will face many challenges in the journey.
“How suddenly they have been changed.
Ma Shibun said that the names of the candidates from Shillong and Tura will be announced on the 16th of this month. He said that the party is ready to work for any candidate that the party in Delhi will elect.
The arrival of ISIS militants in Yemen comes after a month of fighting between Iranian-backed Houthi militants who are fighting Iranian troops in a joint operation. and Al Qaeda fighters.
When asked whether it is true that the HNLC members who came to Bangladesh said that when they arrived in Bangladesh, their job was to cultivate rice and cultivate rice. rep tympew, not that they can train themselves in the fighting.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar, Bah RR Thangkhiew in the presence of the women, Rangbah Dong, Secretary Dong, Village Leaders including and members of Mawlai Nongkwar Youth Wing, leaders and members of KHNAM party and others.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Russia would take tougher measures against NATO's attempt to stir up trouble in the region.
Dr. Albert L.Dkhar has been a member of the Governing Body of St. Anthony's College for more than 40 years.
He said that the intensity of this large-scale tournament is inexplicable.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
In terms of roads and paths to facilitate the transportation of the products of our farmers, there will be about 3,500 kilometers by the end of this year.
Jowai, Naiwieng 22: The KSU, JSU, JSM, LNPC, FKJGP, RBYO, HPSO, JYF, JACBOM, STIEH, HITO, HBDRF and other political parties in the State held an emergency meeting of The Assam Police and Karbi-Anglong Forest Guard today expressed their deep sorrow over the shooting death of five residents of Mukroh by the Assam Police and Karbi-Anglong Forest Guard. Two persons were seriously injured and are undergoing treatment at Ialong Civil District Hospital.
She said the RDA will take steps to urge the Government of India to resolve the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya as enshrined in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. In India.
Many households have no medicines, no doctors and no government employees.
He said that the people should not be misled by many political leaders who did not want to be named who alleged that the NPP is a corrupt party, but the surprising thing is that they are not willing to prove it. or to complain if the NPP Party is found to be corrupt in which everything is only to mislead the people of the state.
“The law will take the necessary action on this incident and will allow both parties to lodge complaints,” she said.
“They have only talked about corruption, and they have contested elections on that issue and to clarify, please bring it back soon and the MDA government welcomes it so that they can. The people will also know whether it is true or not, and if it is true how to think and if not how to think.
The NDRF has also sent assistance to the NDRF including the Army, Navy and Navy.
The proverb says: “Train up a child in the way he should go, and he will not depart from it.
The discussions are whether Aadhaar is good or bad and many may think that Aadhaar or the Aadhaar scheme will make life easier.
This decrease of 2,029 crore is due to the fact that the expenditure will be 25,574 crore, excluding loans and other expenditure, while the revenue or revenue collection excluding revenue from loans or other receipts is only Rs 23,545 crore.
Therefore, in the past few months, the union has met with the Chief Engineering of PWD (R) and the Minister In-charge of PWD (R), Bah Prestone Tyngsong. They have promised to call another tender for this road in the past months but nothing has been done yet.
It also means that we sell our property for a thousand or two thousand tyngka, or household items and so on.
All suspects involved in the smuggling were arrested along with Koch.
This is one of the good news for women in the United States who have had to face many legal restrictions when it comes to abortion as well as in other areas.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 11 : The Mawkyrwat Constituency Socio Economic and Political Awareness Committee (MCSEPAC) under the leadership of Bah Sounder Strong Cajee on Saturday, 9th October, 2024 held a meeting with the The General Meeting of the Trinamool Congress Party (TNC) was held at the office of the Trinamool Congress Party (TNC) in Mawkyrwat Block.
However, no other political party has dared to speak on these issues, but the leaders of the HSPDP from the beginning until now have not stopped demanding and speaking on these issues which the nation needs.
Nongstoiñ, June 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Maweit Circle on Tuesday swore in its third office bearers for the term 2022-2
The truth is that these are the customs and traditions of the nation, which others do not know.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will hold a public meeting at Motphran Parking Lot Jaiaw tomorrow at 12 noon.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The gate of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) office, which was locked by the employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), was opened today in the presence of the district administration and officials. member of the Executive Committee of the Council.
He said that child marriage affects in all aspects from the mental state, the lack of education and affects the health of the children.
(I wrote in the press about this on
He also urged the students to be diligent in their studies and to have that spirit to succeed in various studies. “It's a good idea to have a goal so that we can achieve success in life,” said Dr.C.Lyngdoh.
The President of the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society, Bah KS Suchiang, welcomed all those who came to witness the festival and said that the purpose of the festival is to The purpose of the society is to promote tourism in the area, as well as to showcase to the world the beauty of the nature. He also expressed his desire that the government should recognize this place which has the Lukha River, as well as to showcase to the world the beauty of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary which protects various species of animals. one of the tourist attractions that will help the residents of the area in employment.
Let us turn a little to the true foundation of knowledge.
At the same meeting, 300 tree seedlings were distributed to the farmers of the village, seedlings including synsar and others were distributed to the farmers of the village. .
The BDO said that anyone who misuses the scheme will not be forgiven and will punish according to the rules of law the secretary and chairman VEC of any village.
At the time of the incident, Oksibil, about 280 km from Jayapura, was experiencing heavy rain, storm and thunderstorms. I've been talking to the owner of this side.
It was not until 6:20 pm that he died during treatment.
These trucks and drivers were arrested from Kong-ong.
Meanwhile, some Longkmie and neighbors have stayed at home.
He said the government has launched various schemes to meet the needs of the people and what is needed now is that the people should come forward to support the work of the government.
According to Bah Shylla, if the pillar is followed, Lyngkhat will lose its road and Dawki will lose its existing road.
The team of inquiry has recommended that an inquiry should be conducted by the police department first to reveal all the facts and to punish and prosecute the officer involved.
Through the pipes, it has also been possible to send food and drink to these workers.
Rambrai-Jyrngam MDC Bajop Pyngrope has rejected the allegation that the KHADC had a land purchase scam in Mawkyrwat during the tenure of Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Ardent. M Basaïawmoit, who is also the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
However, since this time it falls on a Sunday, it has to be postponed.
He said that the existence of those High Level and Low Levels of the PDF will be abolished but will bring about leveling or equality when the party leads the government after the elections.
Ravi has been involved with the Nagas since 2015, when a social peace agreement was signed between the Indian government and the NSCN (IM).
He also promised to pay within a month by promising through social letters and signed his name to verify before the HNYM West Khasi Hills.
There has been an angry protest against the government over the death of a doctor, who did not predict the danger of the disease but was accused by the police of intimidating people.
“We too are deeply concerned about the situation in Manipur and we are preparing a FORMULA to resolve this issue and respect the feelings of all the residents. .
Speaking about the films, Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani besides Alia and Ranveer also star Dharmendra, Shabana Azmi and Jaya Bachchan in the lead roles.
“We are deeply concerned about the thousands of survivors of this industry who are facing difficulties but we are also concerned about the destruction of the environment and also the expenditure of foreigners due to the influx of workers into the state.
However, the truck overturned and hit two vehicles which were passing at that time.
The union requests the cooperation of all the residents of South West Khasi Hills District for the development of the solar economy, said a statement from Samla Iengskhem Syiemlieh, Chairman Employment & Development Cell.
The reason is that people are selfish, lovers of pleasures, boastful, unthankful, disobedient to parents, unforgiving, unkind, robbers, robbers, robbers, thieves who do not love what is good.
In Rajasthan, 14 cases have been reported.
Ngaitlang was arrested with the help of the village police or VDPs of Tuberkmaishnong.
The leaders of the group have posted a notice on the wall of the office of the Assam Sanatan Dharma Sabha (ASDS) to protest against the allegation that the group has demanded that the school authorities should remove the school authorities. Sacred Heart Secondary School, Marmaiñ, Ribhoi District.
The reason why the Dorbar ki Khlieh Nongsynshar has sent this notice to all the Kurs is after some people came to the office of the Dorbar to ask for the names and mobile numbers of the office bearers of the Kurs. They do not have the names or mobile numbers of the Dorbar Kurs or Seng Kurs in this land of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Up to 345 mobile phones of citizens have been stolen and robbed, according to a police report.
Riboklang Hynniewta also tied 19 out of 28 balls which is his highest tie in the tournament.
The church in Thyatira meant continual sacrifice.
Shillong: A strange stone, which has been erected along the Langkyrdem Road, has dozens of empty numbers, written on both the front and back.
“It is sad to tell these things but we cannot explain to the public, because the fans were surprised and shocked.
The increase in the number of two wheelers may have made it easier for some people to travel especially due to the heavy traffic jam.
Therefore, the unit believes that these households should be provided with foodgrains without being discriminated against by any party.
This Riew Tymmen of the Seng Khasi has contributed to the Seng Khasi (Kmie) about 20 (arphew) songs, which are very encouraging to you and me, especially to the youth.
He said the students of Class XII and above should think carefully what is the point of completing their studies if they do not get government jobs as at present 40% are Khasi Jaintia and 40% Garo.
These commercial vehicle drivers took to the streets with placards demanding that the government should immediately reduce the price of petrol and diesel.
Two major bridges constructed include Umsalait and the bridge over the Myntang River connecting Saba and Mooshrot.
“The requirements for eligibility for the PMAY scheme are difficult because the government wants the people to build their own houses with their own money and the government will release the money after 4 or 5 months. and this causes problems to the poor people".
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the Wangala Festival which used to play 100 ksings held at Wangala A'dam Chibragre, Dr Mukul said that this festival should be held to preserve the culture of the country. the customs and traditions inherited from the ancestors and to be a source of inspiration for the world.
HYC Narpuh Circle President Michal Chyrmang, Publicity Secretary P Syiemlieh and President Keldrim Sumer have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District. They are the ones who get the coal.
Harsh Choudhary of Rajasthan reached the final in the light heavyweight category 75-80 kg after defeating Delhi's Harsh Lakra.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, urged the Villages to prepare a Map of the Village, a Summary of each Village, and requested the Dorbar Shnongs to have Laws. Villages to send information to the BDO and his office so that they can meet separately with these Villages which have Village Forests.
Bah Lyngdoh has been the leader of Sohiong since 1988 until now, which means more than 25 years and almost 30 years and has not been defeated since the year he won the election from this constituency.
Earlier, Bah Gavin, expressed his condolences to the family of Bah Ronning after the death of their father, and added that until now the family has not received any assistance from the BSF or any other department.
But the word of the Lord endureth for ever" 1 Peter 1:23-2
Otherwise, why hand over to the ED and CBI? For that reason, I would say that this is a political scientific ploy of the BJP to mislead the people”.
After this, Bah Dhar inspected the construction of the Wahiajer Multi Sports Complex.
At the same time, they said that they will not back down from the demand and after the two months deadline, the committee will consider what will happen.
Because what they hear or receive information in these programs is not shared with their relatives, friends, neighbors or villages.
She died on her way to Ganesh Das MCH Hospital, Shillong on 19th March 2020 at 12:20 pm.
While inspecting the Laban Square on Saturday, Bah Sanbor, Chairman of the MTDC, said that besides his constituency, the square at Shangpung Pohshnong, Laitlyngkot, PWD Ground Mawsynram and Umbudda have received more than T.42 crore.
Paul Vadakumpadan SDB, Professor, Sacred Heart Theological College, Mawlai in the presence of Bah Wilfred Khyllep IAS and past pupils and their relatives.
On the other hand, Bah Charles Marngar, expressed his satisfaction to see the progress of the school, which is also one of the education centers for the children in the area.
“I hope that my father will be with Bah Pup because he helped the people because there were those who fought against him, but before he died they came to support him,” he said.
Australian police on Monday gave little explanation while investigating the cause of a 40-year-old man's attack on people inside a market using only a heavy knife.
Vehicles from Rhino to Umshyrpi from all over the country like Pynursla, Mairang, Sohra, Mawkyrwat, Mawsynram and other places were parked.
Another Sabha was established in
 Jesus calmed the waves and walked on the water (Mt.14:25-27).
On the same day, the Governor also met with the officers of the Land Port Authority of India (LPAI), BSF, Customs, District authorities from the Superintendent of Police, PD-DRDA, SDO ( Civil) of Amlarem and Pynursla Civil Sub Divisions and Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
“This curfew was called to protest against the illegal and unfounded extension of the term of GHADC by the Meghalaya government,” said James K Sangma.
Basing was a former Congress leader during the tenure of MLA Tony Curtis Lyngdoh but joined the UDP after Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
The event will be held from 13th to 15th October 2020 in Delhi.
“It may be recalled that in 2015, Bah Michael Syiem had filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court challenging the continued existence of the three District Councils alleging that they are not the authorities. It is no longer appropriate to have a full State.
Such teachers, when they have done their job, are slow even to get up from the chair, to write on the blackboard, and the children don't like such teachers because they don't have the mind to teach and don't I don't want to teach well.
“The government's lack of attention to arrest those trucks which have violated the rules laid down by the NGT is one of the reasons for the attack,” he said. to Bah Marcus Marten.
We need scientific knowledge to prevent pollution.
The first place went to PFR and the second place went to Mawphlang Block.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi and the Deputy Commissioner of Kamrup of Assam have held a meeting to bring peace and stability in the area. It is also the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Kiang tried to defend himself with a sword when Lieutenant Sadlier ordered the soldiers to shoot Kiang and after the sword fell he was arrested along with his wife and two children.
He led the BJP in the 2023 MLA elections, but despite many challenges and preparations, the BJP has won only two MLAs (Bah Hek and Bah Sanbor).
However, this action of Conrad Sangma has been an insult to the dignity and reputation of the people.
Tripura Police said that the Dhalai district police have won the victory yesterday as part of the Mission to free the state from drugs. make Tripura drug-free’.
“I was in a great desperation to find someone I loved, but I couldn't find her,” he said. “I just saw her picture on my phone. “I said, 'What is the soul of my husband and I have never seen it in my life and I am sorry that I have stolen her mobile,'” he said.
The condolences of the various religions and churches have been forgotten.
“However, if the officers who are still serving are appointed, they don't have to pay because they have received their salary while those who have retired have to be paid by the government. For the benefit of the state, these posts should have been recognized or regularized from the beginning but it took more than a year to regularize and after that it was followed exactly according to the rules and regulations of the Lokayukta.
Speaking to reporters in the city, the DC said that guards have been deployed to check the entry and exit points and village guards have been deployed at the parking lots so that The people will be free from any problems and will also be free from traffic jam.
What is the point of banning travel from one state to another when we have reopened the border with Bangladesh which has nearly 60,000 cases of COVID-19,” said Bah Orenjune Khongnoh. President of FKJGP Riwar Eastern Circle.
The rally came after Assam Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said, “We will talk to Bangladesh to take back their own people”.
Later, Banteidor in the presence of EL Warjri, SD0, KN Sangma, Dy SP, Lamche Kharmon, BDO, Pynursla C&RD Block, Pynursla C&RD Block, Pynursla Police Station, officers and staff of the police station. Various departments of the Civil Sub-Division have visited Pynursla CHC to provide assistance to the sick and undergoing treatment at Pynursla CHC. The India Mission Association (NEIMA) in Laitmynrieng, Pynursla has donated school supplies and Bah Banteidor has donated money.
Charles Marngar said that the soskular between Assam and Meghalaya already exists to ensure that development works come from Assam or Meghalaya, and he hopes that through the cooperation of both sides.
Nongpoh, Lber 26: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District. to express its regret over the failure to transport food in this MP election while the food transportation has been given to foreigners from Shillong while the district owners who have been providing services have been rejected. The tender has been submitted to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi.
The training was organized by PRIME in collaboration with Invest India and Start Up India. The training was aimed at helping entrepreneurs, students, leaders. , government officials, NGOs, those involved in education to explain the laws, regulations, policies and allocation of funds for those who are starting from the state government, through PRIME It will help those who are just starting out in the state.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on Tuesday announced the results of the HSSLC for Class XII. position in Science and Commerce stream.
On the other hand, the candidates are happy to know that the majority of the church is willing to “believe and obey” without using their minds, so to satisfy such momentary desires is wrong. happy to the extreme.
Shillong: The Upper Shillong area has been in heavy traffic jam for several hours this month. The traffic jam has been severe from morning till noon and after that, the starting at 2, 3 pm and continuing until the sky is clear.
This was stated by the MDCs while participating in the 71st Anniversary of the Sixth Schedule ADCs on 27th July 1952 under the leadership of Bah James Joy Mohan Nichols Roy. also known as the Sixth Schedule.
And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God: and praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Holy Ghost" Ephesians 6:16-1
We expect the implementation to start soon in the coming months as the NHAI has already confirmed that the project will be completed by October 2014,” said Bah Sniawbhalang. the day of Hatmaja.
Earlier, the MUA-II Government and KHADC in a meeting on November 14, 2017, decided that the KHADC should issue a notice to set up Town Committees in areas outside the Municipal to release The implementation of the MUDA Housing Act has been delayed after the KHADC has not been able to issue a notice on this.
Dear women of Bri U Hynniewtrep, don't be happy to have foreign husbands because these same foreigners will use and make you as commodities and licenses for the purpose of improving your jobs and employment. They sell their inheritance, not for us Khasi but for themselves.
Relatives of the deceased said that the body was found at Pahamsyiem (Nongpoh) at 3 pm today with a healthy body.
Others released are Banalari Khongwar (Nongshken), Rona Khymdeit (Nongpoh), Batskhem Marbaniang (Mawsynram), Probin K Raswai (Langrin), Braston Kharphuli (Mawphlang), Wankupar Syiemlieh (Nongspung-Sohiong) and Ryngkat Lyndem. Langkyrdem-Laitkroh) constituency.
Furthermore, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that as it is now, the UDP has started to gain the love of the people living in Garo Hills. This has been evident in the recent mid-term elections, where the candidates from the party, although not reaching the goal of victory, but in terms of their vote share, has increased significantly, because they lost and came in second place.
Nazarine D. Sangma scored the goals in the 23rd minute and Ibatyngkai Nongsiej in the 38th minute.
If it wins, it will take India to the 100th position.
If such thoughts come to enter into this present heritage, what else will happen to this nation for the future heritage?
In the First Division, Khliehingriang will play against Moosalyngkat.
Explaining to the church leaders, the President of Meghalaya Cement Limited Topcem, RK Pareek said that the head of the factory misunderstood and did not mean the churches of the three villages but he was talking about a church which Topcem has built. built inside the factory grounds for its employees.
“The state government should come forward and talk clearly about the benefits that the state will get by supporting foreign films because it is known that the expenditure is low. it is through public money.
“And the king said unto me, Why is thy countenance sad, seeing thou art not sick? (Nehemiah 2:2).
About 50,000 hectares of land already planted with crops have been destroyed.
He said that there are at least 5-6 candidates from one constituency, but he declined to disclose the names of these candidates who have been sent by the committee for the purpose of getting tickets. compliance.
What is more surprising is that even in the same school, some have been admitted and some have been excluded despite having the same qualifications.
The inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule has turned into a nightmare because our leaders do not want to lose their seats or power.
Shillong, Lber 25 : U Minister of Textiles, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today inaugurated the Muga Growing Cum Handloom Center at Saikarap, Shella in the presence of the MLA of Shella. B Synrem, Commissioner Secretary, Secretary C&RD, officers, members of Khneng Weavers and Embroiderers and this is part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
At present, the residents even in the Upper Shillong area have not been able to install electricity unless they show the building permit from MUDA. Upper Shillong is still within the 50 sq km area as mentioned by Bah Ardent.
Haggai 1:6.
On the other hand, after receiving the complaint, he received information through RTI from the Police Department and the reply was that there was no sale of stickers.
We once again urge the citizens to turn out on the 19th June, 2024 and elect those MPs according to their wishes.
On the other hand, Bah CB Syiem said that the reason why the state has faced many problems is because of the actions of Mukul Sangma alone and this actions alone have brought about There are many problems for the people in the state.
(viii) to limit the price of agricultural products or that the price of agricultural products shall not be less than the fixed price or the Minimum Support Price; shisha who earns money from the rep.
" That's right: Don't seek the wealth of the rich to make your family happy; don't look at the mynder with many thousands of dollars, many cars, or those who speak jali jaum, because they will to spread the children of the rympei sohksuid in the land of Hynniewtrep and Hynniewskum.
After all these things were done, she ate and prepared herself to go to Niakha's house.
According to a statement issued by Bah Jerry N. Pajat, Publicity Secretary of EKHDCA, the entrance fee will be T.100 each for school children and T.150 for adults.
The program was held to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of Independence and the Look East Policy of the Navy to encourage the men and women of the North East to be brave in the country. jump into this field.
Also present at the meeting were Bah M.Kharpran, BPM Project Manager (BPM) Amlarem C&RD Block as the Chief Guest and Bah Medalin Swer as the Symbud Chief Guest. W. Chyrmang and others.
Not all students have the ability to understand teachers’ explanations in class immediately.
The march was disrupted after pedestrians were injured, vehicles, bikes were damaged and shops were closed.
He said that any youth who want to become Congress leaders can join the party first and then contest the elections.
He said that up to 1000 water treatment plants have been constructed across the State to treat water and increase the water supply in the river through various projects.
The DC has agreed to take action and the investigation is ongoing and the person has been placed in an Isolation Center for now and will have to stay in these centers until he recovers.
The award was presented by Jual Oram, former Union Minister in the presence of MB Jayaram, Chairman, PRCI, Geetha Shankar, National President, PRCI. Chanakyapuri Auditorium in New Delhi.
In this regard, the government should send a contractor to clean the color along with the water drains along the road, said Pariat.
He said that after the construction, he covered it with fabric and wore clothes.
It is learned that this woman is a humble person who has a strong religious faith, but who is able to endure hardships.
He has experience in public speaking, urban and rural public work, as a teacher and school manager, as well as a writer and columnist.
Sadly, when the family members arrived at Mawsynram CHC, the answer they received was that they could not be treated because there was no doctor and they were rushed to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong for treatment. .
Jowai, Naiwieng 23: A 15-year-old girl has gone missing from her mother's house on the 15th of this month from Umlaper village, East Jaintia Hills. Limited.
He also urged those who have not yet joined SHGs to do so as SHGs help to promote the spirit of cooperation and mutual support for the development of the community. whole.
He said that there are some bad drugs inside the government warehouse but they have not been used to distribute these bad drugs.
It is learned that the policeman had tried to take his own life but was seriously injured and was rushed to Guwahati for treatment.
Shillong: Pastor HH Mohrmen on Tuesday said that the COVID-19 pandemic has taught mankind to protect and preserve all living things on earth.
On the same day, the office of Shella Mandal was inaugurated at Saitsohpen, Sohra.
He said that after seeing the participants from other countries who are bigger he started to lose heart but with the encouragement of the President of the Word Fitness Organization he got back the hope to compete. together at the event with hundreds of leading participants from all over the world.
for thou hast created all things.
According to the Constitution of the country, in articles 29 (1) and 29 (2), if there is any group of citizens living and residing within the borders of the country, who have their own language, religious traditions and customs, such groups have the right to receive a special education grant recognized by the government, or to receive a job. full money.
Decades after the outbreak of the Synteng War, perhaps Kiang Nangbah did not expect that in the decades after him, the Khasi Hima would stand together to defend their rights and gain the status of special in the Constitution so that they can govern themselves.
And the forgiveness should be here in our Khasi Jaintia Hills, because you were born and raised here.
The Minister promised to provide the necessary documents so that the income for the construction of the college will not be lost.
Andhra Pradesh has received Rs 87908.33 lakh, Assam Rs 40750.00 lakh, Himachal Pradesh Rs 78141.67 lakh, Kerala Rs 109783.33 lakh, Manipur Rs 19250.00 lakh, Meghalaya Rs 386 lakh Mizoram T.13458.33 lakh, Nagaland T.37750.00 lakh, Punjab T.68950.00 lakh, Rajasthan T.40516.67 lakh, Tripura T.36858.33 lakh, Uttarakhand T.1134.725 lakh, West Bengal T14.69 lakh
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 4 : In a meeting with the Dy.CM of Meghalaya to discuss the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, the President of the East Jaintia National Council, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, He also expressed some of the issues faced by the people, such as the deterioration of the National Highway from East Jaintia Hills District to Puriang, Mawryngkneng and so on.
The MPYC has demanded that the party members who have applied for tickets to contest the election on 27th June should be given instead of leaders from other parties who have just joined the Congress.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Purity Phawa, Voter of West Shillong Constituency, has returned the items she received from the UDP candidate, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the NPP candidate. Shillong West MLA, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, the Election Commission of India (ECI) has taken note of this act of the ECI. event.
Do you know what will happen if the people vote for the Dorbar Dong, Dorbar Shnong, Municipal election by secret ballot and direct election? The incident happened and it was expected that it would start from the khiew ja and end in the jot of the eye and the pain of the pra.
“The reason for the problems in education is that the Government has not taken care of it since the beginning and these problems have come together and are coming now,” he said.
Mingnam tied 28 runs from 35 balls and Twel Marak scored 26 runs from 17 balls.
Man may forget man, but God never forgets man and this Holy Spirit of God knocks on the door of man's heart to renew him.
Singh was taken to a health center for medical check-up where doctors said he was not injured.
I love my country and my nation because I see that the flood has started to cover us so on that basis I will fight until I win and I will never back down until I reach the goal.
Under graduates 3) Postgraduates 4) Public The prizes are in cash and all participants will receive a participation certificate.
The NUG is a group of old leaders who have been ousted by the military.
“What steps has the state government taken in the last six and a half months to encourage colleges in the state to implement this policy? Has the Minister of Education of the state government been so weak that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU has forced him to throw away his findings on the condition of educational institutions in the state? Is the state government afraid to offend the Vice Chancellor of NEHU and the Ministers in New Delhi?” “What are the measures taken by the state government to curb the price of education? Does the state government understand that if the NEP is implemented, many young people will not be able to continue their education because we are the second largest state? Besides, Dr Kara said that the state government's ignorance of the decision taken by the Vice-Chancellor alone has left everyone in darkness.
Nongpoh: A fire broke out at Umtyrnga, Ri-Bhoi village at 9:00 am this morning and the fire broke out in the house. , which includes money, gold and other assets.
It means that the service is worthy of praise and encouragement from the people.
The MIPF strongly opposes the tortious work of this contract, when even two months have passed, the color has started to fade and the plants have appeared now, as it is always said that the road is a bud lum. The MIPF said that the residents of the village are happy that the road is clean and open, but how many residents are worried that the road will last for a long time. Hearing the complaints of the people, the union requests the authorities in charge of this road not to allow this contractor to work torti like this.
The army was also in charge of the Khadar administration in the Khasi Hills after the British Government took over the rule from the Khasi Syiems. Sing, Pa'iem Sngap Syiem and Woh Kiang Nangbah fought against. 4th June 1829 As mentioned at the beginning, the difference of opinion between the Khasi and the British Government arose after the British Government's intention. to build a road through the boundary of their kingdoms.
He said the KSU is against if the government removes the quota that the state used to get.
The incident occurred during a sudden heavy rainfall in parts of Uttarakhand while the rescue operation of the survivors is ongoing , according to the authorities. He said that 4,700 people are still missing.
He said that the people have demanded to return to Meghalaya, but the state government has not listened.
They said this at a ceremony held by the UDP on Monday as a sign of recognition of their sacrifice in those years until the central government had to Meghalaya was declared an Autonomous State in 1970 and two years later as a full state.
The decision came after the failure of CEM, Albinush Marak to fulfill the promises made on 18th November – who appeared personally at the strike meeting with the promise to pay the salary of 2 months within the same month.
for being bullied all the time.
In the present generation, through the annexation of India and other reasons, the Khasi have stopped their borders only at Wah Umngot or Pyrdiwah, or Shella, Balat and so on. and it is also time for them to understand that the events have led to the loss of many of our lands and that we cannot talk about anything else, because even the United Nations will not can be further improved.
Williamnagar, Nailar 11: The Williamnagar Bar Association (BBA) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma for the appointment of a bench of the Meghalaya High Court in Garo Hills.
Covid-19 has claimed four lives in Assam.
From this state we have Prof. George Gilbert Swell and (L) Purno Agitok Sangma, two politicians who contested the Presidential elections of India in 1992 and .
Rupang, who spoke to the parents of the bookstore in Iewduh, said that they have to pay a high school fee of 700 spah for the children studying at the school. primary, or more than one child.
In the second match, Seinpynbhalang Sahsniang drew 1-1 with Mukhla Mission until the end of the first half. Mukhla Mission beat Mukhla Mission 4-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Hanlada and Jazzmine Langdoh received Rs.2000 each.
The bus was returning from a place in Venice when it crashed when it reached the bridge at about 7:30 pm on Tuesday.
She said that Indian women have taken the lead and paved the way for other women in various fields such as national defence, science and technology, sports, education, self-employment, agriculture and other activities.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed Micro Containment on two villages, Shangpung Moolibang and Shangpung Mission after some residents of the villages tested positive for COVID-1
She was welcomed by the State Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya, Kong Marian Maring in the presence of other BJP leaders and supporters from Nongpoh. bad in Ri Bhoi District.
There are no card or grade requirements for receiving the Award.
“Sikhs, Hindus, Jains, Buddhists, Parsis, Christians, Khasi, Jaintias and Garos, if they come at any time or date, should be treated as Indians and SR Sen said that those who come to India should not be counted as Indian citizens and should not be asked for permits. .
She said that in this incident, her children were able to leave the house immediately before the tree fell on the house and they fled outside the house. time when it is still raining and save yourself.
Ampareen, who is now one of the Ministers in the MDA 2.0 government, said that the Government of India should send people who can speak the language understood by all to be the Governor of Meghalaya. , is justified.
Shillong: The bridge at Nan Polok, which was built by the French hundreds of years ago, has been closed down from one side of the river to the other.
I have only learned from the story, which is a myth and I cannot stop that because it is the duty of journalists,” he said.
This comes after the Voice of the People Party (VPP), which has four MLAs, decided not to participate in the committee until the Government agrees to discuss the Job Reservation Policy.
“We have the spirit to help, but how much can we do because their needs are not only in the thousands but many reach tens of thousands and lakhs,” said Bah Nongrem.
As they have been able to complete the puja from Maa Durga, Maa Saraswati and Maa Lakshmi and today they have gone to complete the puja by throwing the idol back to the rivers. prepare to perform the rituals.
The purpose of the amendment to the Sixth Scheduled is to increase the number of members in the District Councils in accordance with the agreement with the ANVC and ANVC-B on 24th November last year.
Shillong: U Samla Eugeneson Lyngdoh, son of the late Bah SK Sun, MLA Mawphlang, has announced that he will contest the mid-term elections.
The statement sent today said that all Mission Schools and schools of various organizations from Primary to Secondary level should come together and bring with them seals so that we can sign the petition to go. The meeting will discuss the impact of the absence of teachers on the students and whether it is time for the Managing Committees to summon them. Teachers who leave school without the permission of the Managing Committees and at the same time all Secretary MCs are directed to bring xerox copies of the Memorandums of the teachers who want what they want from the Managing Committees. school.
The singer has explained that the word 'Her' in the Khasi/Pnar language has the same meaning as a verb and a noun, which means the gain of freedom.
Daïaphira Kharsati, Research Scholar at the university in an interview with the media said, “This incident of Nantu Das we research scholars who work in the labs until 10-11 pm We demand that he should be removed from his post as Sports Director of the Sports Department and also as the incharge Security at Nehu.
These solar lights will help the residents and will also help to ensure cleanliness and safety in these areas.
This is a fact that many of us know that the election of a leader or his or her own vote is secretly given to us by the Electronic Voting Machine or EVM on the day of polling; which is the right granted by the Constitution of India to every citizen who has reached the age of 18 years.
The Khasi in the past knew and used the money only after the French came to rule the Khasi-Jaintia Hills. The Government of India now intends to change the name of India to BHARAT. This is the name BHARAT for us. Many Khasi-Jaintia people do not agree with the language of the Nongmawiang under the Mawiang Hima. we became Indians only from 1947 – 1948 when the Hima Nongstoiñ was finally annexed to India.
Wansuk Lamin, Advisor Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association was the chief guest, Bah Syngkrem General Secretary Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association was the chief guest, Bah K. .Passah DSO West Jaintia Hills District.
From his house, S.Pohtam said that the farmers need fertilizer in these areas and the people in this village also raise cows and milk so this village is suitable for starting this business. produce fertilizer.
This reporter tried to contact the Chairman of the Dolloi, Chawas Lyngdoh but he did not pick up the pick up. The High Court of Meghalaya has accepted the appeal of the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association and has accepted the case. WJH in the presence of the Secretary of the Government of Jaintia Hills, Manbha Kyndoh.
When inquired, the CEM said that foreigners who do not have trading licenses have not yet come to the Council office.
After the ceremony, the Bei Langdoh of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla, the Bei Langdoh of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla, inaugurated the new Maji Niam. Seiñ Raij Mukhla by Tylli u Kuchi as a sign that the Bei Langdoh has authorized the Maji Ñiam to take part in the rituals within the Seiñ Raij Mukhla.
The death toll from covid-19 in West Bengal in the past 24 hours has risen to 10, bringing the total to
Shillong, November 17: This morning at 7 pm, while the organizers sent by the MTDF were busy preparing and decorating the Laitumkhrah for Christmas, suddenly in the middle of the Ten groups of youths came to the place where they were working and these groups of youths turned to the place and shot and beat one of the guards.
Meghalaya will play against Chandigarh today.
Even I don't know where my birth certificate is, and maybe many ministers (past and present), leaders of various parties have their birth certificates? Assam, about 19 lakh people have been rejected as Indian citizens, what will happen or will the same happen in Meghalaya? Are you safe? Am I safe? Who knows who and how many of us Meghalayans will be told that we are not Indians and this land does not belong to us and that we are those invaders, and that we will be deprived of our rights. and the right to own the land.
Perhaps the elders of those days had many social problems to bear, as well as the forty-ethnic civil society groups to bear the burden of the nation.
“I have sworn to them (by the KHADC) in the name of God, saying: 'You shall no longer give your daughters to the sons of mynder (non-natives) or take them. their daughters for your sons or for yourselves" (Nehemiah 13:25).
There will also be a raid by the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) in Nan Polok.
Has he tried too far beyond his ideas and reach that could affect the BJP and its image?
Regarding the seizure of the bus from Assam, Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor, Leader of the KSU Nongpoh Circle, said that the KSU has received accurate information about the bus carrying many foreigners. with the aim of delivering them to the place where they intend to work, even if they have received any permission from the state government and especially during this time of fighting against COVID-1
The KSU Nongthymmai Circle under the leadership of Assistant Organizer Kyrmenlang Mawrie, President Erik Nongkynrih and General Secretary Richard Mawkhiew on Monday held a rally against foreigners in the country. many times.
The victorious countries such as the USA, Britain and France through the League of Nations annexed Arabia and Palestine from the Ottoman Empire. for their nation.
They said that although they have often informed the Wildlife Department to come and protect and drive away these animals as they pose a threat to the farmers but until now they have not been able to do anything against these elephants.
In the letter, she also revealed the day she last met Sonia and said that on that day she expressed her confusion because she did not understand what had happened to her, but Sonia tell her that now is election time and so she should focus on strengthening the party.
Nongstoiñ, June 5: After receiving a tip on the presence of people who used to support the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), the Shallang Police Station has arrested a suspected armed group. The police have conducted a thorough investigation to identify these people who were involved in providing assistance to the armed group in many ways.
From time to time, discussion meetings have been held on how to improve the language, but it is sad to say that these meetings have ended only in the surrounding areas of the places where they have been held. but the other decisions taken have been left behind, which has turned out to be over and the goal of promoting the language has ended without reaching anywhere.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has announced a compensation of Rs 4 lakh to those who died in the incident.
On the other hand, the students also showcased the richness of the North East with the participation of college students such as Mastieh, Sukra, Wangkala from Meghalaya, as well as Assamese, Arunachal and Nepali dances.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 12: West Khasi Hills District, the largest district in the state, is also the district with the lowest development works in terms of roads, water supply and sanitation. electrified.
In ancient times people did not know about wealth or money but used materials to exchange goods.
It is to be recalled that the basketball tournament for women was held as part of the celebration of the International Women's Day. WL Naryy Medical Officer, D.Syngkon District Sports Officer South West Khasi Hills District together with the people who came to celebrate the occasion, and also awarded the prizes with a cash prize of T.10,000/- The winners will receive trophies and medals.
The order was issued after receiving a report from the Block Development Officer, Laskein C&RD Block that one of the employees of the bank has been infected with the virus. days and to take care of themselves by wearing masks and staying away from relatives and washing their hands frequently.
The quiz is conducted annually by the Indian Society of Hematology and Transfusion Medicine (ISHBT) which is the first group of hematologists and hematologists in India.
There are hardly any who have dedicated themselves to politics since their studies.
Eugeneson said it was through the SSA that it opened the door and its presence has guided many football players who have left the tournament, which he could not name. everything here.
The Jorhat-Majuli bridge at a cost of T.957 crore has been one of the projects under the implementation of Assam.
Makrisha Songthiang scored all three goals for Onside SC in the 47th, 49th and 53rd minutes of the second half.
Former Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on 17th June, recalled that he had sent a proposal for the construction of a full size statue of Syiem Tirot Singh in Dhaka, Bangladesh and not a bust.
They must be qualified and must not be Rangbah Shnong or Secretary Shnong or members of the Executive Committee of the village or center to which they apply.
South Garo Hills SP Davis Marak said police have registered a case against the militants involved in the shooting death of the two men and the Commando Police have conducted a search operation to track down the members. The GNLA was involved in the attack.
Therefore, the question, which needs to be answered now, is whether these leaders of the Rajya Sabha, together with the MP Rajya Sabha, of the State, have come to an understanding of what is being said. they shall do so in the House of Commons, which has begun to meet again.
He said that the employees of the department are facing many problems due to the inability of the department to pay their salaries. there is sickness in the family, and other reasons.
“On the basis of the suggestions received from the people, the government has decided to revise the Service Rules to bring clarity to all and to remove all doubts from the people,” he said.
At the same time, he said that the meeting has decided to send an urgent letter to the Chief Minister to ask for clarification on the government's action on the proposed amendment to the 6th Schedule which the KHADC has passed. already sent two years ago.
Jowai: After the incident in November 2018, in which 15 contractors drowned in the sudden collapse of a coal mine in Ksan (Bri-war), another incident has occurred in which six people have lost their lives. the duh ei.
As the leader of the TMC, he said that the TMC has a goal to bring about change and has promised to donate T.1000 per month to a woman. If the party comes to power, it will focus on the unemployed youth, the neglected women and the poor.
Modi stressed the need to provide support to those youths who have become addicted to drugs and to continue to strengthen the country to fight against drugs. This has helped to encourage and educate more than 110 million people since its launch and implementation.
If you find that you are not always at home, look for it later.
Those who deliver food items to the homes can be allowed to do so by another order and those who go to the funeral can only go within 10 people.
He said that if the farmers are cheated in any way related to their products, they can lodge a complaint with the Marketing Committee.
Before leaving for the Governor's House, the NPP held a Parliamentary Party meeting with BJP MLAs and an independent MLA.
However, no PLA aircraft were to cross the Taiwan Strait during this time.
A report was submitted on behalf of the Coal Controller that a High Level Committee has been appointed to look into the allegations of illegal coal mining in Meghalaya.
Damascus, July 25: Iran has warned the United States that nothing will happen if the United States intervenes too much in Syria.
The High Court of Meghalaya on 13th July has issued a verdict ordering the state government to enact a law for Rangbah Shnongs. degree, they should be paid and should be considered as public servants.
In Pynursla Constituency, the Pastor said that it is because of the BJP, because there is no BJP in the MLA/MDC constituency but now many votes have gone to the BJP. He said that the reason for the lack of votes is because many of the Polling Agents have been expelled because there is an error in the signature of the Election Agent.
Most of the foreigners who have illegally entered our state are from Assam.
Wagner, for its part, claims to have captured two military bases in two Russian cities.
On the other hand, WMS Pariat expressed his gratitude to the retiring Chief Secretary of Jaintia Hills District for the last tribute to him. He also expected that these two districts will continue to develop in all aspects and urged the government officials to be hardworking and honest in their work. of work.
Up to 32 colleges and universities, including NEHU UG & PG students from Shillong Campus and Tura Campus, have participated in the tournament.
This carbon dioxide is a very good food for plants, and plants breathe it in like man breathes fresh air.
For this purpose, all Catholics from near and far are invited to attend this Procession.
It is to be recalled that on the 24th of last month, robbers attacked shopkeepers at Mahadev Khola.
The tragedy has also drawn condemnation from various groups.
Jesus is a King unlike the Kings of this world because he is a King, a King, a King full of love, mercy, forgiveness and a King who comforts us in the many trials we face. people we meet in life.
A delegation of Chinese leaders will also visit North Korea in the coming days for future cooperation.
Rev Fr Ferdinand Dkhar Diocesan Administrator of Jowai Diocese was the Chief Priest at 09:30 pm on Sunday in the presence of other priests. .
Philia Paslein, ICTC Counselor Khliehriat PHC explained about HIV/AIDS and how it affects the human body and the precautionary measures to avoid infection as well as reduce the spread of HIV/AIDS. She said that the danger is high if the people of the village do not take care to get tested and take medicines at the right time and it can lead to death.
The RBYF leaders also strongly criticized the MLA of Mawhati for his stinginess and lack of service to the people of Mawhati area. They will protest in the coming months to demand that the government should upgrade the Mawhati PHC so that the people can get adequate health services.
Shillong, March 04: U Anthony Kongwang, a strong supporter of Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong, who recently left the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday joined the National People's Party (NPP). of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The biggest impact on our society is that many villages will see a shortage of water these days and we have to buy more water, and this water we will not get clean anymore. suba, as it used to be, because this water doesn't come out of the ground, it's a drill that we dig from the well, and this drilling of ours now is very dangerous for us because one day we will become more hungry and thirsty.
It may be recalled that another MDc of the Congress party, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, is still sitting in sharud because he has been allocated for the post of Lamphang, but he has to wait because the Lamphang of KHADC has not yet been elected. Teilinia Thangkhiew has not yet resigned.
They have performed in Central America (Belize Jazz Festival).
Before you ask questions and answer questions.
“Garo Hills in Meghalaya is one of the areas that needs to be addressed,” said Singh at the annual meeting of DGPs/IGPs held in Delhi on Saturday.
“To say that Indira Gandhi, who lost the elections in 1977, has lost her name? but after two years it came back to power,” said Paul.
The Agriculture Department of the State Government has also informed that it is now ready to build a District Irrigation Plant in Ri Bhoi District.
Bakshi said it was only a theft but there was no theft of the marks of the candidates.
Shillong, June 17 : Umphyrnai SC won the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 by 6-0 goals against the Shillong Sports Association (SSA). In the match between the two teams on Monday at Polo Ground, Umphyrnai SC's players turned round to the end of the first leg. Challenger from the beginning of the game.
Expressing the same view, the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Bah Sadon Blah said, “The lack of peace and struggle of us the people in all these 50 years is because we the people. We hold the elections as a three-month festival, a festival of joy and happiness”.
Finally, Romeo Songthiang won one silver medal in belt wrestling (men's 60kg) and two bronze medals went to Lorenza Songthiang and Sany Khyriemmujat (women's 60kg).
Shillong, Lber 18: The Mob Lynching has been one of the most controversial issues in the Legislative Assembly of the country. Sabha in November last year after the BJP-led NDA government introduced amendments to three bills known as the Criminal Code Bill. The Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, said that under these laws, the government has included the rules for the punishment of those who kill those who commit crimes. They are involved in the crime of mob lynching.
To seek hope.
Nongpoh: A 5-year-old boy who is studying in Class-2 at a well-known private school in Nongpoh and Ri Bhoi, has been surprised to learn that more The salary of teachers in LP and UP (Govt Schools) is higher than that of teachers in private schools, who teach in schools which have good, stable and well equipped buildings.
The DTH operator will have to pay a one-time and non-refundable registration fee of T.10,000 for one PS channel.
Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai Constituency was the chief guest, JMQ Lyngdoh (Retd) Principal, Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai was the chief guest in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner and SP of West Jaintia Hills District and others. .
Prestone said everyone should refrain from spreading false news, which could cause confusion among the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Among all the schemes of the central government, only the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) is the most successful in Meghalaya.
Mawkyrwat, July 5: Mawkyrwat Sports Club beat Rangjadong Sports Club 4-1 in the final of the Spring Festival Football Tournament 2022 organized by Mawlangwir Sports Club. at Saitsnad Square, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
There will also be a MyNEP competition which will also be NEP themed. The competition will be held online ( www.mynep.
The two organizations also found that no signboard was seen in the office to identify it as the office of the Infiltration Check Gate.
One word that struck me was when Sinha said, “Democracy will come true when one of you citizens (pointing to the people) becomes a members of Parliament, without having to spend anything, without having a television at home, without using voting machines.
“The Government of India has so far recognized only seven religious groups, namely Muslims, Sikhs, Buddhists, Parsis, Christians and Jains as minority religions in India under Section 2(c) of the National Constitution. “The Commission for Minorities Act, 1992,” said the party in a petition submitted to the Governor.
God's Spiritual Plan to Worship the Lord has appointed Christians to meet together every first day of the month (which falls on Sunday/Wednesday) to commemorate the death and resurrection of Christ by partake of the Lord's Supper (Acts 20:7; I Cor. 11:20-24).
“Now we have been able to write to the government in Khasi because it has become the additional language in government work,” said Bah Hek.
The incident occurred while the female policemen who were being trained in the battalion were busy, and the policewoman was called by the police chief.
“He said that many of the stories from the North East about heroes or famous people should be included in textbooks so that there will be a sense of unity and patriotism among the people. of India'
According to the show cause notice, the Returning Officer today informed that he has received a complaint on 9th June 2024, that the supporters of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) have gone to protest. The NPP has canceled the election campaign rally held on 8th June in Jaiaw, which prompted the NPP to suspend the rally.
" Such people have only a head but no brain.
After that, they shall water again in the field after about ten days or when the seed has begun to sprout in the soil.
Meanwhile, the robber killed his 20-year-old wife on the night of the 29th and hid her body in a bedroom and fled to Assam.
The Congress party has opposed the bill.
KR Polymers received T.49.218 lakh through the Meghalaya Industrial and Investment Promotion Schemes, 2016 while CMJ Breweries Pvt.
The new office bearers of EKHCA include Dister Marbaniang, President, Vice President, Nangshai Nongpluh, General Secretary, Asst.Gen.
Shillong, Lber, 10: The Spokesperson of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II) Government, Marcuise N. Marak on Thursday denied that the National People's Party (NPP) and its allies are involved in the trade. horse.
Players must bring passport size photographs, xerox copies of birth certificates and originals to Pamsna Stadium from 10 am to 2 pm.
Shillong, Iaiong 21 : The campaign for the 2023 MLA elections is not only in the NPP but also in the UDP. One of the parties that has started to slow down in the number of MLAs from other parties.
According to the master plan of the Urban Department, the emergence of slums in Shillong is due to the influx of foreigners into the area, who live in poverty without adequate facilities.
The Chinese government has its own goal and that is to conquer the entire state, even to the point of exterminating these ethnic groups immediately.
Abal admitted that Sengbath was killed by a man named Mingran T Sangma and other policemen.
Prestone said that on the evening of October 21, 2023, Zacharia told the police that he was stabbed near the Pegasus Hotel in Khyndai Lad. sit down with u.
Mayralborn said that in his personal opinion, according to his understanding, he cannot accept this bill and it is necessary to fight as much as possible to liberate the North East.
This fact we see even now that those who attack Israel will attack and destroy their tanks or missiles.
When asked by Rupang how much they pay and where they pay, Elias said that they pay the fee to Kong Stied Dkhat who is called ieid ka bih Stied and the fee has its own. of its where some pay annually and some pay monthly.
“Shuh buh if the work cannot be completed within six months, what will happen, will you extend it again?” asked Bah Kharkrang.
Shillong, July 30: The candidates who passed the DSC examination of Grade IV have called off their hunger strike for four days and three nights after the government promised to appoint them within the state. seven months.
Conrad K Sangma said that so far he has received information that about 534 houses and 85 villages have been affected by the cyclone Amphan and the government has also set up five temporary shelters for them. Amphan cyclone in the state.
The number of infections in the United States, yesterday in a single day, reached 60 thousand, which is a very rapid increase in a day.
This has also affected their health as they cannot afford to buy nutritious food for their children and themselves.
Later, he also visited Pillingkata, Maikhuli and other villages affected by the floods.
The Adviser of the Union of Jaintia Hills, Shelsing Langi said that the government should expedite the construction of the full site and urged the residents who oppose to allow the government to temporarily dump the garbage. set aside the right time to build a bread crumb.
Khasi Jaintia Hills is located in the North East of India and covers an area of ​​14436 sq.kms.
The purpose of this Bible is to help Pnar-speaking people to understand God's Word clearly when they hear it in their own language.
Speaking to reporters, Sarma said the BJP will win more than 100 seats in the State Legislative Assembly; However, he denied that he wants to become the Chief Minister of Assam after the 2021 elections.
At the same time, he said that the meeting will be held again tomorrow to discuss the issue in more detail and it is understood that tomorrow the meeting will be able to take a step forward in this regard.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The match between Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh in the Ranji Trophy of the Plate Group continued today, with 10 wickets lost before being stopped due to heavy rain.
The team has been searching since Tuesday night and has seized more than 20,000 bottles of Phensedyl, which has reached Rs 10 lakh.
Even though she had a face-to-face conversation with Jesus, she did not understand the true worship of God by saying, "Our fathers worshiped in this mountain.
“The trade of foreigners will also be restricted especially in the markets run by the district to prevent foreigners from entering,” he added.
The six constituencies left in the KHADC are Sohiong with the resignation of HDR Lyngdoh, Nongkrem with the resignation of Ardent Basaiawmoit, Sanbor Shullai with the resignation of Laban Mawprem, Metbah Lyngdoh with the resignation of Mairang. KP Pangniang of Rambrai and Brolding Nongsiej of Mawthadraishan.
“The people of Punjab have elected the AAP with the expectation of the best and we should be like that.
Lydia is also impressed and so they kiss each other quickly.
The meeting was held at the residence of Hilarius Siangshai, Adviser of the Kur in Shillong in the presence of Charles C Phawa, General Secretary, Lenar Phawa, Chairman Arts and Culture, Meera Siangshai, EC Member, Donush Siangshai and others. .
MAWA also announced that seven wrestlers from the state will represent India at the 41st World Arm Wrestling Championship 2019 to be held in Constanta, Romania from 26th March to 4th November They are Margaret Pathaw, Mihsngewbha Rymbai, Hubert Paliar, Alexander Lyngdoh, Everson Thangkhiew and Baniaikyrsoi Khongwir.
“Every year we spend about 15,000 tyngka to drive a vehicle to drop off plastic waste to Marten and thus in one year it has reached more than 1 lakh tyngka.
The social agreement was signed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma to resolve the border dispute between the two states. For many years now, in seven places where there is no border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Jowai, Naitung 08: The Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai, which was held on Tuesday (Musiang), was held in a smooth manner. The 'Bon' is in the place called Rngad Wah (Khonraij).
The ceremony will be held on November 30,
The presence of antioxidants can prevent the development of many cancers including cancers of the lungs, throat, bones and kidneys.
After the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai and FKJGP-EJH closed down Dalmia Cementa Ltd for about 10 days, the management of Dalmia Cementa Ltd under the leadership of ADE and in the presence of S.Marwein Magistrate East Jaintia Hills District, they have promised in front of the Dorbar Shnong and FKJGP-EJH leaders to immediately shut down the RDF Process Plant (Plastic Waste) and promised not to bring such waste again. The company has submitted a written promise to the Dorbar Shnong, said a statement from Bah DH Sumer, General Secretary, FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills District.
The Government of Meghalaya understands the relationship between the growth of construction and income growth in all aspects, therefore, it is considered important to expect construction growth. from the beginning of the First Plan.
However, let us say that the Khasi Christians who have been excluded from the NRC, once excluded, will be called “D-Voters (Doubtful Voters)” and all their rights will be taken away. This will start the BJP government's bad strategy because “if you apply, you need to confirm through a form that you are a foreigner who entered India on or before the 31st of this month. December 2014, and the Government will consider whether to accept or reject them” and until decided, they will be called second class citizens.
Last month, police arrested seven members of the group including a school student from East Khasi Hills.
“Regarding the party or symbol, he has made it clear that no decision has been taken yet but he will continue as an independent candidate,” said Banpynskhem.
After Dwayne Johnson and Scarlett Johansson, Zendaya will be awarded the Star of the Year Award. now.
In this regard, the leaders of these two organizations said that these two organizations have demanded the right of the Khasi Khara who are entitled to get their share before foreigners or Those temporary residents should receive ration cards, and soon they will meet with the higher authorities of the state government to discuss the lack of ration cards and if this is the distribution of ration cards. The two parties will not hesitate to take strong measures against the government authorities.
When these sick children came running to her house, they said that they were the Taro of Nijanduh Phawa.
The three persons are still under investigation by the CID. According to sources, the Board of Secondary Education Assam (SEBA) has arrested the suspects. The HSLC examination for General Science on Tuesday announced the resumption of the examination papers.
However, u Bah Pynshngaiñ said that he is still waiting for the day when Sonia will call him and he is ready to meet and talk to her.
Patna: A mistake in one letter can make a big difference in speech and work as well as in Bihar, in the past few days, where instead of using the language “that he is a bad worker" but it goes to the meaning “that he is only in bed".
There is a myth that those who don’t get government jobs or other higher paying jobs become teachers.
“We covered about 192 villages.
Throughout the day, the MLA Nongpoh helped the village by donating kitchen utensils, chairs, sound systems and money.
SP M Kharkrang, who conducted the meeting, recalled that the Police Out Post was first established at Mawlai in November 1980, but later it was upgraded to a Police Station. The same area near the CRPF Camp has now received its own house built at a cost of T.2.26 crore, and provides services to the people of Mawlai. The building was constructed by the state government and was constructed by Bah OC Passah who is the contractor.
The foundation stone of the training was laid by Fr. Manbha Pakem, Director of JHDS at a function conducted by JHDS Coordinator Bah Denis Kurkalang in the presence of students and teachers. at Hall RC EVE Secondary School, Mihmyntdu.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital, Nongstoiñ for post mortem and the investigation is ongoing.
Speakers included the Vice President of KSU Delhi, Wanlam Nongsiej, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU-EJHDU, Cherity Suja, the new President of KSU Huroi Unit, Wanlam Lamin Gadew and others. others.
The meeting was attended by Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, President of the NPP Ranikor Block, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, President of the NPYF, Nelbi T. Sangma. NPP Ranikor, elders, women and supporters.
However, at the end of his term as the replacement of (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, the party has collapsed and in the 2018 election, the party leader who contested from the party has won. After that in the MDC election held in 2019, the candidate from the party was defeated by the Congress candidate.
He said that the Khasi people in Barak Valley are hardworking and called upon them to unite and especially the KSU Barak Valley Circle which is working hard on many issues.
Conrad recalled a question by MLA Umroi on the bridge at Umiam.
Streamly also elected Vice President, Satly S.Ryngkhlem, General Secretary Cherity D.Suja, Assistant General Secretary Emmon Chyrmang, Education Secretary, Pynshai Kupar.
In another incident, three shops caught fire in Bishnupur at 4:30 pm today during the blockade of the office of the Inner Line Permit. (ILP) in the state.
“He urged the people to go to the polling station on the 19th of June and press the bomb button (UDP) and elect him as MP so that he can defend the rights of the people. State.
The two biggest teams of the tournament will be between Ryntih SC and Laban SC. They are also teams that have played in the Shillong League.
There may have been many sufferings too but the Lord promised to deliver him, which meant releasing the sufferings at all costs.
The Incubation Centre, NEHU, Tura Campus to promote pig farming in East Jaintia Hills District distributed pig seeds, pig feed and other items related to pig farming at Umrasong village, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday. Everyone.
Nongpoh: The leaders of the Raid Madan Kyrdem in collaboration with the village leaders of 20 villages in the Raid, have now launched a campaign to repair the damaged parts of the road from Umtung. to Kyrdem, because it has caused too much trouble to the people who use this road.
In the final match of the pre quarter final at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Saindur Mihmyntdu and Mulang Ialong won the match.
The mother understood that her son had cheated on her.
He urged the government not to send a strong complaint to the central government on this issue.
The deceased was from West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: As part of ensuring that the Congress party will come to power in 2023, the Congress Party today welcomed five members of the party. to join the party, which includes two former members, Bah RG Lyngdoh and Bah PN Syiem.
“We have made it clear that without the consent of the people, without looking into all the scientific issues, we will not allow uranium mining in our State,” he said.
In other Central Departments and other States, if the total share exceeds 50%, they will fix it from the OBC share. Where does the 27% OBC come from? This is because the ST/SC category is not available.
“A 30-year-old dream has now come true.
From 8.30 am to 8.30 am, Sohra received 248.2 millimeters of rainfall in 24 hours.
I speak not of this man, but of all men.
The request is made to various Government departments such as Tourism, PWD (Roads), Forest and Environment and the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board to impose strict rules especially on those who do or exceed the rules. keep.
Before starting the distribution of these food items in all these 12 villages, the JHDS Team also gave some training to the people on the precautionary measures to prevent the spread of this disease.
The corruption came to light after several depositors filed complaints over loans sent to unidentified persons using their names.
Besides the excessive deterioration of the road which has been filled with snow and turned into a handkerchief, the residents have suffered more and more from the collapse of the tree. Neither the PWD department nor the district authorities have taken action to remove the tree.
On the occasion, a meeting was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, where the chief guest was the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
Shillong, Naitung 14: U Pa'iem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, on Tuesday said that the spread of dew mines along the roads like Byrnihat and other areas of Ri-Bhoi under the Raid Marwet. , was without the knowledge of the Syiem, who said that the authority was given only by the Rangbah Shnongs of the Shnongs.
The authorities concluded by saying that they do not have the rules and regulations of India to search for the missing blood vessel and therefore told the young man that they cannot help him.
When we travel abroad and when we are late to go back to our accommodation we just call Uber or Ola we got it.
The RBI has a large gold reserve of 19.87 million troy ounces in April.
Thus, the experts in poetry, drama and poetry can be generally referred to as poets, which means in English 'lyricist' and 'poet'; and those who are skilled in writing songs with melody can be called Thohrwaisur or Thohsurrwai which means 'Songwriter' or can be generally accepted as Myllung.
Shillong Lajong Football Club beat Diamond Rock FC 1-0 in the first leg of the Hero 2nd Division I-League 2022-23 at Mulna Stadium, Balaghat, Madhya Pradesh.
The struggle for human rights, land ownership, development and peace is still far away.
This means that the age is near and the end of the age is near.
The death toll has risen to 1,129 during the same period.
The driver managed to escape, but the troops arrested one of the followers of the vehicle, who is an Indian.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU leader said that the KSU has decided to hold such tournaments to encourage the youth of the Jaidbynriew to develop their talents. .
Even in the midst of this confusion, the Nodal Officer IR Sangma has not given instructions or taken their phone calls,” said a statement from the KSU Delhi Unit.
Nartiang MLA Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday inaugurated the Children's Home for girls under the care of the World Mission at Nartiang.
The needs of farmersThe needs of farmers are many and cannot be listed all but the following are the most important:-1
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the MSRB, after this amendment, has been able to function and conduct examinations and appointments in the vacancies of doctors in the State.
Speaking to media, Liezietus said that the current Legislative Assembly elections are more special.
This time, the HSPDP is preparing to contest the MDC election for about 13 seats and hopes to win.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongsder Unit on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the SDO Civil of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division. Continued bombing and killing of fish in Wahumngot.
He said that the approval of the NEP was only because the students wanted it.
The most interesting thing is about the fourth, he worked as a kitnong daju for about 3 years.
Hip-Hop singer Jay-Z, also known as Jigga, has become one of the richest Hip Hop artists in the world. 2.5 billion.
Meanwhile, the Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri, expressed his regret over the lack of cooperation of the people.
Mothers who want to give birth should not be afraid, because there are doctors who are skilled in obstetrics like Dr. W. Wankhar, Dr. R. Sunn, Dr. K. Ropmay, Dr E.Blah and others.
This month, Pastor cum Social Activist, Rev K.Pyrtuh has nominated himself to contest the election due to the deception and incompetence of these rulers who are now in power to look after and look after the government. The sorrow, the poverty, the happiness, the paidknup, the paidtrap, from time to time.
Let us look at the main objectives of the PMMY and its achievements in the last 7 years: The main objectives of the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana (PMMY) include the provision of loans up to T .10 Lak through the Member Lending Institution (MLI) or; Banks, Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs), Micro Financial Institutions (MFIs), and others working in the financial sector, in three categories, Shishu, Kishore and Tarun. which are indicators of progress and financial needs of these borrowers.
This was announced by Bah LS Dohling, General Secretary of the party.
Meanwhile, the court has fixed the hearing of the case on the 3rd of March.
The President, Bah Louis Dohtdong, has decided to shut down the shlem under the leadership of the President, Bah Louis Dohtdong. On the other hand, the Basan of Raid Nongkseh, Bah Nathaniel Thangkhiew, has tried to convince and explain to the members of the party.
The total number of those who passed was 27,1
There are 24 teams participating in this tournament.
The presiding officer confiscated his EPIC after casting his vote and lodged a complaint with the police under section 506 IPC. President of Meghalaya has been shot dead by angry people who tried to disrupt the polling in a village in East Jaintia Hills District.
Coach Bah Bobby.
If these deeds are to praise the Lord, why do we disgrace the foundation of our church by putting the thong of the bilor in front of us, we greet Christmas and the joy and then I'm sorry for the shock of Christmas.
The child came to live in Lad-Sutnga after Agnes asked her poor mother not to allow her to stay with her because she had many children and was happy at the same time. would send her to school, a police report said.
Returning to James K Sangma, who is currently the Minister of Home Affairs, Law, Power, District Council Affairs, Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, since Agatha Sangma, one of Purno's daughters, has also become a member of the Lok Sabha. twice now in 2008 and now in
Nathaniel and the manager of the guest house said they had nothing to do with the crime, but they were accused and slandered just because they are the owners and managers of the guest house. They didn't know what had happened.
When asked this question, it can be seen from the discussions in the Constituent Assembly on the drafting of the draft Constitution until it becomes the final Constitution. " to the British Area (Khasi & Jaintia Hills District) to become one State together with the Khasi States, as provided for in paragraph 4 of the Annexed The Agreement, which was part of the Instrument of Accession signed by the Khasi States and the Dominion of India, but was in vain, in which the Khasi States were relegated to the category Sixth Schedule.
Police have lodged a complaint against these people and the injured have also lodged a complaint naming up to 32 people involved in the attack.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister welcomed the 2.1 million doctors, 3.5 million nurses, 1.3 million paramedics, 1.6 million pharmacists and million others involved in the healthcare industry in India.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that according to the police investigation, there was no connection with the religious activity, even though it happened in front of a Hindu temple.
He said that unemployment among the youth is also a serious problem which affects the future of the youth and the nation.
Speaking to Rupang, Pastor Phawa said that the allegation of menshohnoh is very difficult to find out, because if it is alleged it is difficult to find out the truth that he or she is a menshohnoh. and menaceous.
Shillong College and St. Anthony's College have reached the final of the Inter College Football Men Tournament organized by NEHU. In the two semi finals which were held on Tuesday, St. Anthony's beat Seng Khasi College 1-0 Shillong College beat Edmund's College 6-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
The 18 acre land belongs to the state agriculture department, but the government has talked to the army to give them the land, and the decision has been taken. The decision was taken at the 19th meeting of the Rajya Sabha Board (RSB).
Marbud Dkhar said that before the government through the DHS department can give permission to these children to go to school, they must be villagers and have full residence in the state.
Sangma said the CM-CONNECT program will include more than 10,000 Village Data Volunteers who will be deployed to all villages to register on any issues or requests. services for the residents.
“Regarding the railway line, I am surprised to see that those in the state authorities are still waiting for us to talk about the problems of the students, the unemployment, to improve the health facilities in the state, to support the youth who are trying to stand on their own feet but they talk train by train, I don't know if they want to ride the train too much, that they go out every day to talk railway she railway.
This means that the demon in the man is speaking.
The ANVC was formed in 1994 and signed a social ceasefire agreement with the central and state governments on 23rd November
However, on 25.05.2024, this person showed signs of mental illness by starting to act confused and after being taken to Civil Hospital, Nongpoh that same evening. , and later shifted to MIMHANS Shillong where he was pronounced dead.
The names of these men and women have been taken and handed over to the Laban Police Station for further investigation.
Bah Titos Chyne, CEM, KHADC, was the Chief Guest.
The lockdown has been handed over to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The incident happened at 6 pm this evening, when a Scoty (ML-10B-3261) collided with a truck (AS-18). -7857 and who stood there, because it smelled bad.
Bah S.Khonglam since he was studying he has been a hard working man and has always helped in the needy and as a government officer he has been hard working and ready to help the needy. Most of the positions he has worked in are in the outskirts of Ri Khasi Jaintia since he joined the Meghalaya Rural Bank in
The documents required to be submitted along with the form are as follows: a.
There are 13 teams in the tournament for the 2023-24 season.
He also demanded that the Indian government should abolish the citizenship of all Muslims and Christians living in India.
She added that the experts who should have looked after the schemes are also on strike, which has hampered the implementation of the MLA scheme.
“We have set up a committee to take land for this purpose in this area,” said Bah Ronnie.
Shillong: The HSPDP and PDF today strongly opposed the NPP candidate Clement G. Momin in Sapthoka, Chondonpara and Joyfur. He said that the ethnic parties are united under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma.
Those who violate the law will be punished.
Therefore, these village leaders have requested the Government and also the Nongmihkhmat of the area to help clarify in the Dorbar that (L) Shidorki Dkhar is not from Thangraiñ. At the same time, they demanded that the record should be removed from the Government Bui on the speech of the Home Minister in the Legislative Assembly.
We don't know what the BJP government in Delhi thinks about the introduction of these laws in Assam or whether it has been complied with by the demands of the leaders of the state. If so, it shows that the intention is to fulfill the wishes of the people of Assam, as the elections are near, while to increase and allow independence to other states, which Foreigners have increased in Tripura and Meghalaya.
He said that as a responsible opposition, it is his duty to inform the Governor about the situation in the state.
Police seized the drugs during a search operation on Mawryngkneng Road and the drugs were recovered from an Alto number ML11-1
The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) on Tuesday expressed its deep sorrow over the recent killing incident in Ichamati, Shella Block. also in Mawlai Mawroh, Shillong.
In the fourth meeting, a meeting was held with all the political parties in the state. The meeting was attended by only the MLAs in the government, while the MLAs from the opposition. they never came.
It was by faith in God that the children of Israel crossed the Red Sea even in the midst of the terror of the Red Sea.
The new office bearers of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia & Garo People (FKJGP) Rangblang Circle are Rockyfeller Paliar President, Vice President Phlekstar Waniang, Secretary Shinestarling Thongni, Assistant Secretary Fulmark Paliar and Carmel Iawphniaw, Education Secretary. Mendestone Thyrniang, Information Secretary.
