“If it is in this form, it shows that the mining of coal in the state is not profitable,” he said.
On this occasion, he also distributed awards to 30 teachers from all 11 districts of the state.
On the other hand, the Publicity Secretary of the party, Samla S Lyngdoh, expressed his surprise that the police have registered a case without investigating the facts especially the phone number of the complainant. They also found that the complaint was false and are now investigating who lodged the complaint.
Regarding Sanbor's statement that he should be informed as a leader, Latiplang said that the law does not say to inform any leader. He said that many Seng Samla and Dorbar Shnongs have complained that there are such foreign shops without licenses.
If we want to include or reject in the Khasi language, let us investigate and examine each one as follows: Try (trai) – which means to try to wear or try to work or do something .
Shillong, July 08: The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) is a scheme that has helped to accelerate the development of rural areas. The implementation of this scheme has reached Rs 4500 crore in the last five years compared to Rs 2500 crore in the past five years.
However, Assam has now been able to achieve its goals in many places.
Rio said at the UDP general meeting that the Congress cannot understand the problems of the people of the region and does not implement policies related to the region.
God judges according to the flesh, not according to the flesh, but according to the Spirit, not all things are judged by God.
The Seng strongly warns against the criminals who are trying to destroy the river from Iashem Um to Thwai Syrngan that if they continue, the Seng together with the Dorbar Shnong will punish them according to the law. law.
For the idea of ​​the Recruitment Year, I request readers to refer to DoPT Brochure on Reservation for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes, Chapter 11, “Carrying forward of Reservations,” para
At the same time, he praised the initiative of the incumbent CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to pass the bill.
In 2020, India recorded 4,74,806 deaths, which is the highest number of deaths recorded by the Civil Registration System.
Shillong, July 21: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya today called for a meeting with the leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District to discuss their concerns about the deterioration of the Weiloi-Rangblang road.
“By saying that the BJP is the NPP, they forget that the whole world knows that the President of the BJP is Jaggat Prakash Nadda and the Prime Minister is Narendra Modi and there is not a single member of the NPP. The NPP is the only member of the NDA coalition government formed during the tenure of the late Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
“This clearly shows the corruption of the Government, which has created doubt and distrust in the matter,” said Bah Nongtraw.
The books were translated.
Blessed is the King who comes in the name of the Lord! Peace in heaven, and glory in the highest.
Bah Khlain's career was equal last year when he was also the coach of Meghalaya and the team reached the final for the first time for the Santosh Trophy.
Most of these sites are spreading false news that is not properly investigated.
He said that the project manager is in Delhi and will return to Shillong soon and will submit a report on the demand. They have complained about the deterioration of this road.
At the beginning of the meeting, the Medical Superintendent of the Hospital, Dr.D.Nongpluh, told about the history of the hospital which has been running for about 70 years despite many challenges. was involved in a terrible fire on June 2, 2001, in which the fire destroyed many of the beds and other facilities of the hospital. (L) Rev D.Leslie through the PCW and also from the people of Wales have received many donations from various churches, private individuals and Wales. Wales.
Nongstoin, November 11: The 100 days scheme is provided by the Congress government through the Congress government, said Bah James Lyngdoh, Working President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today in Nongstoin.
It is pleasant to see that this ground is well completed and the football practice there is very strong.
Finally, the union urges the Government authorities to take immediate action against this incident and to provide adequate security and peace especially in those border areas. “There is a lot of fear among the residents and especially among the girls and the peace and order in the area,” said Bah Leo Ferdinand Dhar.
Your presence and support in prayers is a source of strength, peace and comfort to us.
Clearly, these groups have a strong hatred of the Christians in this area and have planned to attack the Christian educational institutions which have benefited the youth and their future. .
An ATM card has been stolen from the CDM machine of SBI Bank, Jowai.
A beautiful woman went straight to the rynsan, where a religious leader was speaking and slapped him. The reason was because the priest said, “Beautiful women don't reach the heaven".
That's Ami Tariang and the Great Love.
Other players in the top 10 include Talin Nimpu (Arunachal) with 7 points, Elangbam Shashikanta Singh of Manipur (61⁄2 points), Rijied Katrai of Meghalaya (61⁄2 points), Jerry N.Pajat of Meghalaya (61⁄2 points). Meghalaya (6½ points), Barbith M.Sangma of Meghalaya (6½ points), Khwairakpam Rocky Singh of Manipur (6½ points) and Himanish Kumar Sarma of Assam (6½ points).
Marjri Kharbteng said that there were four people who were employees (Misteri) of the shop owners and on the same day they were suspended and paid their daily wages of T.500 tyngka each. and four T.2000 tyngka and the money was produced by the clothes vendors.
“The works have progressed and the latest problem has been experienced by the Forest Department which has now issued the permit.
How many workers will die in those caves? How many more families will lose their breadwinner and breadwinner? How long will we continue to destroy the environment which has given us so many resources to earn a living? We agree with the High Court's advice to the government to help the coal miners. small by forming groups or cooperatives and to guide them in the exploitation of mineral resources according to science and technology.
The deceased were identified as Mohon Rabha, Shankar Chettri, Hemol Sangma and Bitterly Syrling.
The MoU was signed with the aim of promoting research in the field of nanotechnology, the use of nanoelectronics, semiconductor devices, nanophotonics and nanofabrication.
They have begun to count the kurs of others who are not their own blood relatives and have forgotten their brothers and sisters who come from the same house, the same household, the same trep, the same sohpet and from the same khiewja.
The landslide was severe in Khsaid, Umdoh Byrthih, Umroi Ktieh, Mawpun, Umeit and other neighboring areas.
He also urged the Self Help Groups (SHGs), Village Organizations (VOs) and Producer Groups (PGs) to work hard so that they can reopen the lay bye market. the road to the village of Ïalong.
The union said the law has made it clear that according to the Environment Impact Assessment Notification 2006 under stage 111 of the Central Government, public hearings can be held only in the areas where the project is to be implemented.
Pani Jamir is also a rough lemon but differs from the Khasi lemon in that it is oblong in shape and is not as sweet as the Khasi rough lemon.
They scored 64 runs for the first wicket.
On the same day, a letter of resignation was sent to the President of the MPCC. The reason for the resignation of these Congress members is after the announcement of the candidate for the 6-Khliehriat Assembly Constituency without consulting them. block officers.
It is for this reason that God tells all believers to pray for Jerusalem.
“What Rakesh Sinha said is unfounded,” said Fr Babu Joseph, former spokesperson of the Indian Bishops' Conference.
Conrad has not contested the MLA elections in June 2018, as the NPP has put forward the name of Prestone Tynsong to become the Chief Minister of the state. come into government in the State.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shlur Mukhim President of FKJGP-WJC, said that the state dispensary, which is almost 50 years old, has been abandoned for a long time by the authorities. It is also the only one in the country like Jaintia Hills which has not been promoted yet.
In this match, it was a really interesting match, but due to the skill of the players of Ri Bhoi United FC, the players of West KASA IX could not save the goal.
“As I said, it is necessary to reconsider why it went to Assam for the areas where there is no conflict and we expect this more from the UDP because it is in the Government and in the UDP. The Executive Committee also promises that they should fulfill this and not mislead the people”.
Besides the children of Raid Nongpoh, the Sajer festival was also attended by the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongpoh, Bah Linus Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Raid Nongpoh, Bah S.Lyngdoh, Secretary of Nongpoh Town. The committee was composed of Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, leaders of KSU, RBYF and HNYF and also included elders from Ri Bhoi District.
Anyone who violates this Act shall be liable to punishment under Section 188 IPC and other laws under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act 1974, the Environment (Protection) Act 1986 and others. other legal provisions.
National People's Party (NPP) Leader and Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar has said that the NPP will have to investigate the reasons for the party's misconduct in the MLA elections. which is still in the Khasi Hills.
The tollgate at Pasyih recognizes the villagers or local vehicles and private vehicles of the area, while the tollgate at Lumshnong does not recognize them at all because they are foreign workers.
The election campaign has been very hot in the rural areas as the NPP has been holding large rallies to show that it is a strong political party as it is still in power in Meghalaya.
Behold, thy house is left unto thee.
At first I didn't believe that there was such a word in that song that we used to sing all the time, but when I saw it with my own eyes I believed that there was really a writing that criticized. especially to our Ïawbei Thawlang.
This rapid growth of AITC shows that the people wanted to bring about a change in the rule of law in the state because they were shocked to see that corruption has increased.
In Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi (Jirang, Nongpoh, Mawhati, Umsning and Umroi) it will be held on the 6th November.
The Muktiar has asked the High Court to submit a detailed report and to submit the documents in connection with the case.
The four priests who filed the complaint are Swending Lyngdoh, Nongspung Lyngdoh, Phestinejohn Myrthong, Umlangmar Lyngdoh, H Rosiland Jywa, Lawkhla Lyngdoh, Orestar Lyngdoh, Raid Lyngkhoi Lyngdoh. Bah Ingdaron Revelation of High Priest Mawsya.
However, the question that arises now is, is it only in this festival, which ended on Sunday, which is consecrated by Christians and various churches, that such evils occur? There are also those who have complained that no one has ever seen the garbage that has been spread so much on Sundays at various tourist attractions across the state. Indeed, it cannot be said that the State Government's objective to promote tourism is only by holding thousands of festivals. to attract tourists besides investing billions of rupees to create jobs and income opportunities for the villagers.
To urge the Education Department to find ways to set up residential schools and to set up a College in Nongkrem Constituency in Smit which till date does not have any College with a Hostel. remains for college students) to this day.
This decision was taken at a meeting held in Shillong today but will be submitted to the Ministries of Home Affairs of the two countries.
After the end of the match, Kohli & Gambhir shook hands and everything was fine but that was only before there was a fight between them.
The Scouts-Guides, Rovers-Rangers in this programme, even though they live and sleep in tents in the cold of the monsoon, with unity and love as brothers and sisters fulfill their duties. that they were kept from morning until evening.
Recently, this road has collapsed and 3 holes have appeared due to the flooding of water from underground, but now the flood has caused flooding and damaged the road. The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills, today informed that the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and the State Government, through the National Food Security Act, Chapter V Section 12.
The President of the PDF Sengkmie and Minister of State, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh in the presence of other leaders of the PDF Sengkmie including Bah JB Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the PDF Sengkmie, was also present. , Bah AL Nonglait, Finance Secretary, Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, President of the PDF Ri Bhoi District, Bah Joseph Makdoh, Former President of the PDF from Mawhati and other leaders of the PDF and those who have joined from the party. Mawhati Constituency.
For example, the roads are not accessible and even government offices are not easy for those with disabilities.
" I don't agree with what they say.
The President of the HFU, Commander Shangpliang, said that earlier the Hima Mylliem had issued an order not to cut kilos but the cutting of kilos by the farmers continues till now.
Therefore, this needs to be resolved to get a strong bridge with the cooperation of the Chief Minister, Government Ministers and MPs of the state,” said Dr Ampareen.
This means that through the current war in Ukraine, the war will spread to Israel.
About 400 members of the State Youth Congress today marched to the Congress Bhavan to submit a letter of resignation from the Congress party.
Tourism is one of the biggest employment opportunities in the state and with the blessing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Rs 1000 crore will be allocated to develop this industry across the state. more than 1 lakh people in this tourism industry alone.
Shillong, Lber 8: This is part of a letter received from Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit on the Aadhar Number.
The Court also clarified that the Graduation List does not fall under the Roster System as it is judged on the basis of skills and is entitled to receive.
Shri.B.Chettri, Addl.Superintendent West Jaintia Hills 21.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a Congress MLA said he had received information that there would be a CLP, but he could not attend because he was not feeling well.
Drivers including men and women, including former Formula One & Le Mans drivers will take part in this special event.
“At present, people from poor families find it difficult to send their children to prominent schools and colleges due to lack of funds even though they are intelligent.
The documents required are Aadhaar Card, birth certificate issued by the Municipal Board and School ID. term.
Preparations for the elections have now been completed in all the States and Union Territories, and all that remains is to wait for their own schedule and date. do not conduct elections.
Rida replied, “Well, I want you to go to Science, son, because maybe it will be easier and faster for you to get a job...!" “Don Nia at Synod College is also a science teacher.
This is to help the farmers to increase their income.
The Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the Central Railway and Maharashtra Police on Tuesday rescued 59 children from trafficking by conducting a railway search operation. Bihar-Pune and arrested three persons accused of involvement in the incident, the team officials said.
Like a lighthouse, I have seen the light.
Therefore, the public can start watching the film again which has started screening again today after the curfew.
Out of the 18, 15 have won the first division and 3 have won the second division.
“After many youths from South West Khasi Hills District who have represented the State and India in various sports competitions have come to the table of the party to express their grievances. and also to ask for help before they leave for the game,” said the statement.
The Minister said that there is no time limit for the completion of the JJM, but it has been set for October
Bah Nongsiej said that the plan to open these roads had been since the day before the construction of these roads but due to the outbreak of COVID-19 it was postponed. There has been a statement from the political parties that the MLA doesn't have a job and doesn't have a mawkyrteng anywhere but on this day he explained to the people that he doesn't have any feelings on this. He said that the Mawnongrim is only a symbol of the memory of the deeds, fame and glory, and said that not only four roads will have to be laid but many roads. Many schemes have not yet been opened but he doesn't want to do so because he doesn't want that name and honor and the people themselves know that the foundation stone is the road they walk on. stand every day making it easier for them to travel.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said, “Due to the pandemic, the tourism sector in the state has been severely affected. in this regard, and I feel that such programs should be conducted to bring income in the state”.
New Delhi: India has reported 2.22 lakh new cases of covid-19 in the past 24 hours.
To ensure that such gatherings do not spread COVID-19, the State/UT Governments will issue detailed SOPs to monitor such gatherings and implement them.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to show its work and to have a desire not to come to the country. a table to negotiate peace.
Toi in the discussion, whether or not to discuss any problem faced by the people, but to discuss and explain is very important, but to listen in this way is a shame. “I urge you leaders to come forward when the people need help, not to hide away and appear only during the election campaign to promise to the people,” he added.
Recalling the meetings of the Constituent Assembly for 2 years and 11 months in the same Legislative Assembly and the adoption and promulgation of the Constitution, the Prime Minister said, “In 75 years the greatest achievement has been the continue to increase the confidence of the citizens in their Parliament"
In the Khasi thought: “In the beginning there were all the Khadhynriew Trep.
These people have been in India since 31st November 2014, who have fled their countries for religious reasons.
There are two streams, Pordidoh or Sohshiar and Weitung where the villagers used to go to fish for dohthli, shersyngkai, dohjei, shalynnai, byrthih and one large river called Wah Rwiang where other villages also used to go. go fishing and catch other fish.
Nongmadan SC will play against Maitshaphrang FC in the IV UUP Invitational Football Tournament 2023 at the UUP SC Stadium in Urksew at 3 pm on Tuesday.
“He said that the championship should have been held in the past few months but due to the impact of Covid-19, the tournament has been postponed.
He built a car that can be said to be the smallest car we have seen today. The car he built was to seat two people, the driver and another beside the driver, and was seen while the vehicle was moving on the road and when it was moving it was no different from other vehicles.
Therefore they could not sin, but they worshiped idols, and made calves of gold.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: Leaders of the Joint Action Committee together with drivers and owners of vehicles today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhaya to submit a petition requesting for the release of vehicles. They also discussed the funds being withheld by the government for the use of their vehicles for the COVID-19 pandemic and also for the recently held elections in the state.
Mawlai SC will play against Langsning FC in Group A of Shillong Zone at 3 pm. In Group B, Niaw Wasa United will play against Mulait United at 3 pm. Group C, Mawkyrwat – Riangdo YSCA vs. Seven United, at 3 pm and in Group D, Tura – Wasa FC vs. Atong Matgrik FC at 3 pm. pm in the evening.
After a while she said that he asked for tea because he was hungry, she gave him four and a half tea and a plate of ja, but he did not want to eat the ja and drank the tea.
He said that in that situation of discouragement, India relies on its own strength.
The scooters and vehicles were stolen from Lumpyngngad, Nongthymmai.
According to the information posted by the member banks on the ECLGS portal, T.2.03 lakh crore has been released under the scheme to 60.67 lakh beneficiaries so far, while T.148 lakh crore has been paid.
In this regard, the BJYM Meghalaya in a meeting held on Friday, strongly condemned the government for not taking responsibility for the teachers and students.
The indigenous peoples of these countries have been persecuted and some have lost their race.
One of the decisions was that the number plate of the old vehicle was allowed to be transferred to the new vehicle after the sale or destruction of the old vehicle.
“Some of the Opposition parties have repeatedly criticized the rules of procedure of the House and said that the rules should be followed and this is what the Lamphang has done.
Before concluding her speech, Prof. Kharmalki said that language shows the uniqueness of a nation and language also identifies that uniqueness.
Shillong: U Shillong MP and Congress President from Meghalaya, Ma Vincent Pala today said that there is pressure from the people of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency to contest the upcoming elections. state legislature in 2023.
The memorial award ceremony for Crystal Gayle Kharnaior was held at the Governor's Hall, Raj Bhavan, Shillong in the presence of Governor Phagu Chauhan in the presence of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State and Development. Saturday.
When asked, he said that in his opinion, the implementation of the Roster System should continue as it could affect the Khasi-Jaintia people if we look back since
He said that only 16 teams will be accepted for the tournament and the prize money will be T.6 lakh including T.4 lakh for the winner and T.2 lakh for the runner-up.
This organization cannot be obtained especially from banks or employers but it will be banned.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the Executive Engineer and should be submitted through the prescribed form.
It is true that Bah Kharjahrin is the leader of the Seng Bhalang and perhaps he is not as well versed in politics as these two.
“We will insist that there should be an independent investigation to reveal the truth about the involvement of the Prime Minister and the rebel groups.
In this tournament, Manipur won the title of Overall Champions and managed to retain the title of NEOG
The truth is that the distance between husband and wife is the lack of unity and understanding in the household.
JOWAI: The MLPFT will compete in the 67th BN Mullik Memorial Football Tournament 2018-19 from 28th July to 7th June 2019 at Malapuram, Kerala.
This shows that there is something wrong with the working methods of education in the state.
“It is not clear when the state government will be able to formulate a mining plan,” Chakraborty said.
Amaayaa Goswami of St Anthony's School has won first place in Class XII Science.
“I assure you that in the next budget, the NEC or DoNER will get more money,” he said.
If these two MLAs join the NPP, the number of members in the NPP camp will increase to 28 in the 60-member Legislative Assembly.
Genesis 1:28.
On the other hand, John Robert said that the invasion of the French and Dkhars into our country brought peace.
Since ancient times, the hunting of wild animals such as khla, dngiem, shrieh, etc. has been common in the villages.
The meeting was held at the hall of Sharak Rit School in Nongkynbah in the presence of Bah Cornelius Nongbri, Vice Chairman, DSC, South West Khasi Hills District, and other dignitaries.
Shillong, July 31: It is an honor and pride for the state and the nation as a whole after the Meghalaya team of young players won the Khelo India Youth Games .
The bronze medal winners were Banrilang Ingty (54 kg), Ibakmen Nongrum (54 kg U-23), Mindalin Makri (57 kg, 17 years), Jeky Jana (17 years). 45 kg U-23), Alfred Watklet Riahtam (45 kg above 23-40 years), Ujal R Marak (57 kg U-23), Nehbor Mawthoh (45 kg under 23 years), Teiboklang Marbaniang (51kg 14 -15 year) , Calfari Warkhyllew (51 kg under 23 years), Brockstar Papang (75 kg under 23 years), Tiewlili Mukhim (54kg 16-17years), Annette Netanya Carla Suiam (34kg 10-11years), Maya Sweety Marboh (48kg 1 arboh) , Barkis Nong-khlaw (51kg 14-15years), Dority Umsong (42kg 12-13years), Arbabet L.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by Kong B.Kharbamon, SMS (Horticulture), KVK Jaintia Hills.
Four teams including Combined United Football Club, Al Nasr Football Club, Jongksha Lajong Football Club and Liverpool FC took part in the tournament. United FC won 1-0 in the first leg while Jongksha Lajong FC beat Liverpool FC on penalties after scoring 10 goals in the first minute.
Shillong: The Khasi Social Custom Lineage Bill 2018 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is still pending despite being approved by the Consultative Committee.
May we be healed soon, From this disease we shall be healed.
We have already raised these issues and he has said that he will look into it.
Greatestful Lyngkhoi, who tied 138 runs for 10 wickets since the start of the tournament, was awarded the Player of the Tournament award.
ONYX Major in the men's category, which lost in the final, won a cash prize of T.20,000, while Tyllilang Basketball Academy, which lost in the women's category, won a cash prize of T.20,0 he received a cash prize of T.10,0
As part of the Republic Day celebration, gifts were also distributed to the children of the Children's Home (Boys and Girls), Tuber Kmai Shnong and to the patients admitted to Khliehriat Civil Hospital. The program was concluded with a friendly match between the Officers' Club and the Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District.
Every day, the residents have been talking about the overcrowding due to the increasing population and growth of jobs in Shillong and surrounding villages (Shillong agglomeration).
He also announced that the State Government will soon announce the vacancies for more than 3000 posts in the Home (Police) and more than 500 posts in the Civil Defense and Home Department. Guards.
“This seizure of counterfeit stickers by the Police shows that there is a shortage of stickers,” said the RTI applicant. There are officers who check the license plates of public vehicles and fine them if they do not have the license plates, but the license plates of the vehicles used by these officers are not license plates.
As part of the precautions against Covid-19, the seating arrangement of the MLAs inside the House has been improved to avoid the closeness as in the past.
Rajiv Rai Singh was named Man of the Match for his performance.
They all just lived together in one big house.
Police are conducting a thorough search for the suspects and have identified some of the suspects involved in the theft of these two vehicles. vehicle.
Tynsong said that until now, there are still some residents who are hesitant and afraid to give Tikka not only in the rural areas but also in the urban areas. they work hard to address these fears of citizens.
The spread of drugs in the state has affected especially the families affected by this disaster.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Another young boy has been found dead at Khliehriat CHC. Shillong, Jymmang 21: Another youth has been found dead at Khliehriat CHC. Adelbert Nongrum and Goldy Warjri at Mot Kiang Nangbah near Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Whether alone or in pairs, or in many, they live in the sky.
Why does the Prime Minister accept the order of Assam when it is against the will of the people of the state by saying yes as ordered? “What the people don't accept, we don't accept at all, while in this government, it is playing tricks on the people to please Assam,” he said.
Jowai, November 20: U Ritu Raj Phukan, 28, son of former Assam Minister, has drowned in the Umngot River in West Jaintia Hills on Saturday morning.
On the decision of the MDC from Laitumkhrah-Malki constituency, Bah Fantin J Lakadong, to leave the Congress party and join the National People's Party (NPP), Ampareen said that it is the decision of the party. The decision of the MDC together with his supporters and does not want to interfere with this decision.
As the leaders and supporters of the party, we hope that the NPP party will win 1-nartiang constituency and will be able to rule alone in 2023 so that our region and state will develop in all aspects. side.
The man is a resident of Ward No 15, where he was convicted of cutting down a tree 40 feet in height on Saturday and intending to cut down another when the A team of the Civic Body has found it, he said.
He said that in these days, the meat market has started to return to normal especially the pork market but the dohmasi market, the number of meat exporters is very low because in the In the past, there were about 34-35 people per day but now the owners who come to harvest dohmasi in this area, there are only 5 people per day who bring only 5 products to harvest.
“This scheme of the government is like encouraging divorce and it is not appropriate,” said the Nongthymmai MLA while raising a question in the House.
From the small hole, fifteen spokes were thrown into the big hole. The meaning of these spokes is unknown because they covered the horse-drawn carriage. the days of the 'tidew count (hour hands).
This conversation was between Jesus and the two angels and Daniel, while Daniel was standing by the Tigris River.
On the other hand, the raid was conducted following a complaint lodged by the residents of the area regarding the influx of trucks and dumpers, which came carrying stone and shyiap. The influx of these vehicles without permits has killed those owners of vehicles who have provided permits and at the same time the influx of Assam vehicles without paying taxes has also caused a lot of trouble. This is a huge loss not only to the people, but especially to the state government due to their non-payment of taxes to the government.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Environment Committee, Nini W Sungoh in his speech said that the planting of trees in these days is very important especially to protect and preserve the environment for the benefit of the people. He also urged others to join hands as many trees and shrubs have almost disappeared from this area.
There are also Ministers who have expressed their views in the media after they disagree with what the government is doing.
Yobiang Bamon scored the goals for Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu in the 45th minute and Pynchngain Phawa in the 49th minute.
Failing to study in urban areas and causing those from rural areas and from low-income families to return home.
“I feel sorry for my fellow citizens who are poor, I serve them as much as I can,” he said.
The Opposition Leader referred to the statement of the Defense Minister in Parliament in October 2012, when he said that there are 32 languages ​​including Khasi which have been demanded for inclusion in the 8th Scheduled and There are 8 books sent by the Government but the Khasi language has not been sent by the Government.
To investigate and reject any source of insult or insult to human dignity.
A passerby from the area immediately informed the police at 4 pm on the 12th as soon as he saw the plastic bag. good for the human body inside.
Shillong: Two persons were seriously injured when a vehicle from Assam collided with a motorcycle at around 3:30 pm this evening.
In 2018, the Lakadong Mission was launched by the Prime Minister with the aim of transforming the value of the Lakadong shyrmit.
He said they have also written to the KHADC to hold a meeting to formulate this policy.
Since 2014-15, the government has released T.37,092 crore and out of this T.10,003 crore has been spent so far.
“It is the responsibility of the Ïingdorbar and the Government to formulate policies and therefore the court leaves this matter to these two authorities,” said the HC. The PIL filed against the implementation of the Roster has been rejected by the VPP in a petition to the Prime Minister.
The two policemen were identified as Kingston N Sangma and Rocketson Kharjarin and were taken to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment. Nongstoiñ Police Station for further investigation.
and 16 shaka from Dam Umiam.
The Shillong-Mawlai By-pass has been closed for traffic and many of the passengers living in Shillong who intend to travel to Ribhoi District as well as tourist vehicles who intend to travel to Ribhoi District have been closed for traffic. Assam have had to turn back when they reached the bridge connecting Mawiongrim and Mawkynroh villages and some tourist vehicles coming from Assam to Shillong have had to turn back by walking off the road.
Meanwhile, at Mawtawar Presbyterian SS, the MLA handed over the Work Order for the construction of the classroom to the Principal, Kong V. Langstieh, in the presence of the Chairman of the Managing Committee, Bah SD Kharumnuid, Pastor P. Langstieh. Kharumlong, who is also the Secretary of the Managing Committee and teachers.
Modi will be elected on the 20th of June 2014 and will be sworn in on the 21st of June
The age limit is for Under-14, those born on 30-11-2009 and not after
The PANCH PRAN has five main objectives and they are, to develop India, to get rid of the idea of ​​British rule, to be proud of our own heritage. inheritance, unity and cooperation and to fulfill their duties as citizens of India.
He said that Maieid had told him that during the elections, the people had contributed money for the needs of the people. I, if you are a person who wants to earn money half of the city of Shillong is yours, Maieid loves those who love money, I will follow the example of Maieid and I felt sure that I will win the mid-term elections,” said Bahduh with a smile on his face to remember Maieid Hoping.
All those who wish to take part in this meeting are invited.
In this regard, the Minister said that no complaint has been received yet, and urged these managers to send a copy of the complaint, so that he can punish the officers who it is the view of those who do not see that the work they do is taken seriously.
This was announced by Bah Ardent Miller, President of the party at a meeting of the party in Mawngap today.
On the other hand, Mawphor on Saturday visited the fish market in Ïewduh, and found that the fish market is still busy.
They also expressed their concern about the prolonged power outages.
In recognition of their hard work, he awarded them with the 1st MDC Nongthymmai Award,
Toiler, 58 years and 9 months old, is the candidate of KHNAM for the 2019 MP election from Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency.
Disobedient to parents: Parents must obey them as much as they say or demand.
Pynbhalang Khymdeit, Secretary of the village, said that the main problem faced by the residents is the lack of roads. others, because they have been neglected in so many ways.
Speaking at a meeting in Jongksha, Bah PN Syiem said that as the people of the state, they have faced many kinds of suffering especially the farmers. The government has spent billions of rupees to provide subsidies to the factories while the farmers are suffering and losing money. to get them out of trouble.
At the same time, he appealed to the people of Mawkyrwat Constituency for their cooperation so that they can bring about development in all aspects and requested the employers to implement the work and complete it on time. so that development opportunities will not be wasted.
I firmly believe that it is the heartfelt prayer of the godly that He has heard our prayer.
He said that after a thorough research and discovery of new students, the college has trained them through the students and will reach out to the public and this has helped many students to stand on their own feet.
“We are all brothers and sisters of Bharatmata,” he said, adding that whatever religion we belong to, we are the same as Indians.
Meanwhile, in the NPP-led MDA-2 government, there has also been a protest by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit who has been supported by the people to change the Reservation Policy.
“After the dharna in New Delhi, we met with officials from the Ministry of Home Affairs and they confirmed that they will look into these three demands that HANM has put before the Government of India,” he said. and Kharbani.
It is only this month or the last years before the New Millennium.
Therefore God says, “I will come near to you in judgment, and I will be a witness against those who practice divination, against those who steal, and against those who swear falsely, against those who despise the laborer in his wages, against the woman, and against the woman. and they that turn away the stranger from their right, and fear me not, saith the LORD.
The lack of electricity for nearly 10 months has caused problems to the residents in many ways in their household chores and the residents have to spend a lot of money for 10 months just to get electricity. The battery of their mobile phones is used to generate electricity in the houses of people who install generators and they have to pay about T.20 tyngka per electricity supply.
The competition included a fierce competition among the Army Public Schools of the country under different categories.
Shillong: There have been 226 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 177 recoveries.
The Chairman and Managing Director of MeECL, Bah PS Thangkhiew, has summoned the leaders to talk to them.
The order was issued by the court after the wife of LK Gracy applied for bail for her husband on Thursday.
The recent arrests in connection with this incident have caused panic among the residents of Them Metor.
Shillong, Naitung 17: BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai has urged the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
This assistance is available in two categories, the first is for those who have borrowed from banks and the other is for those who intend to start borrowing for the first time.
We hope that the people will benefit from these medical devices so that they can get complete health.
Throughout the day, they also decided to strengthen the party in Mawhati Constituency and they have the desire to bring about change, because as expressed by the leaders of the constituency, they have been left behind. The leader especially the MLA who has refused to contest the election even though the people have elected him with dignity in the last election.
“Those arrested are members of the KSU, HNYF and other political parties,” said the SP after the curfew was lifted by the civil society groups demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. (ILP) in the state.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, also sent his condolences to the family of the Congress leader as he could not attend due to unavoidable reasons.
For more information on citrus fruits, please refer to the following books: 1: Hume, H.H. 2: Fawcet, H.S. and Lee, H.A – Citrus Diseases and Their Control (Mc Graw-Hill Book Company, New York) 3: Quayle, H.J – Insects of Citrus and other Subtropical Fruits (Comstock Publishing Company, Ithaca, New York) 4: Report on the Marketing of Citrus Fruits in India – Manager of Publications, Government of India Press, Delhi.
“It is necessary to conduct regular health care and awareness training for domestic workers to avoid fraud, to understand their duties, rights and laws,” he said. that he will be willing to help when it comes to legal matters on their behalf.
This disease, when it appears only on the leaf, is called 'leafspot'
This makes them believe that they were born to be stupid.
SCA in fact played well at the start of the innings with Joanna Pyngrope taking one wicket for 37 runs while Kimtera and Tempali Basumatary scored runs. They scored only 234 runs.
Not all have the same ability as those who work as teachers.
On the other hand, the High Court said that the state government has woken up from its sleep and this may have happened after the court issued the orders recently.
That time is not far from us now, it is ahead of us because it is the time when it will happen, the re-election of Israeli Prime Minister Nethanyahu will bring about such a time. and this happens within the knowledge and direction of God in all these things.
The current action of the KHADC is a violation of the rights and customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
The HYC said that the NEHU authorities should have conducted physical classes at least 40 days before the examinations so that the students can get explanations for the more important subjects.
Speaking to VPP candidate from Pynursla, Bah Manbhalang Thabah, when asked which candidate he will contest against, he said, “It is the backwardness that I will have to contest against,” he replied.
He said children should be at the forefront of the worldwide movement to rebuild a sustainable environment for a life-supporting world.
Therefore, we have to contest the election in the midst of many difficulties especially in terms of money.
Earlier, the Asst Commissioner of Food and Supplies and Food Safety Officer DBS Mukhim had explained that the presence of fungi in pigs does not have any effect if the meat is cooked properly.
The Under-Graduate Medical College will provide under graduate medical training to 100 MBBS students per annum using modern technology.
Nongbri Brothers scored four goals and scored four goals.
Santa Mary Shylla, congratulated the Kyrmen Foundation and the CSR department of Star Cement for making this program a success and benefiting those in need of blood. “To save one soul is a blessing”, she said. At the same time, she congratulated the Kyrmen Foundation and the CSR (Star Cement) department for their efforts. They can move forward in good deeds to provide the best service to the people which will be a blessing to the society and promote the welfare of the region as a whole.
Returning to our leaders whom we the people have empowered to carry the burden of the country and the nation, they should do something and immediately implement the demands and aspirations of the people. Otherwise, there is no point in those patriotic slogans and promises of not carrying the burden of the people before the elections (MLA, MDC and MP) but after the elections. They don't remember what they promised because our leaders are too stupid and maybe that's why.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the All MeECL Union Association, Bah Arju Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the loss of MeECL is due to the excessive debt of the department. The department is also only to fill some political leaders.
We also hope that this will increase the production of these Shiitake varieties which are in high demand,” said the Minister.
“The JAC has visited this road and found that the company is working torti.
The competition will be held on 12th November
In the current election, there have been 19 candidates contesting as independent candidates.
Nongpoh, June 11: Leaders of the Youth Wing of Mawlasnai Village on Tuesday visited and provided assistance to a poor family of swet children in Mawlasnai Village, Ri-Bhoi District. poverty since the death of parents.
Modi said the government is working hard to improve the living standards and eradicate poverty from poor families, to create job opportunities and self-employment opportunities for the youth, empowerment to empower the women of the country by solving their problems, and to improve the income of the farmers of the country.
“In line with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision to make India an income of 5 Trillion US Dollars by 2025, the Meghalaya Government has set a Meghalaya has set a target of achieving an income of 10 Million US Dollars by 2028 which will significantly increase the GDP of the state.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has announced that it will withdraw from the ongoing peace talks with the central and state governments due to the lack of attention to its demands.
In the women's category, Senebi Syngkli (St.Anthony's College) won the title while in the men's category, Shemladbha Khongwir (St.Anthony's College) won the title. Khasi College) won the first prize.
Regarding the relocation of them, Babu Birbor said, “I feel that we are like cows and goats that are no longer treated at will.
It does not allow the critics of the community to criticize.
In this regard, the union has met with the Syiem of Rambrai to discuss the issue of the pollution of the market.
The North Eastern states have reported a significant decline in forest cover with Arunachal Pradesh losing 257 sq km, Manipur 249 sq km, Nagaland 235 sq km. Mizoram has 186 sq km of forest and Meghalaya has 73 sq km of forest in the last two years.
Nine Ministers in the Karnataka Cabinet 2023 have been confirmed to have many cases against them.
He recalled Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who played in the country.
of Biotechnology NEHU Shillong, came to meet Dr.Boss L.Marthong at Nongstoin on 17th July 2013 and had the opportunity to discuss many issues related to herbal medicine. for serious and incurable diseases such as psoriasis, diabetes, asthma, cancer and many other incurable diseases.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong through the Waheh Shnong Bah Phaibiang Syrti would like to clarify that it does not support Star Cement on this issue but supports the 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association to oppose this public meeting.
In Khasi, the sentence is: “I don't eat” (Subject-Verb-Object), in Sanskrit: “I don't eat” as in Hindi, I don't eat anything. Object-Verb).
According to the instructions circulated from the C&RD Block offices, the flags should be hoisted from the beginning of May this year till 15th January 2022, which is the closing day of the celebration. years of independence.
This morning, it was witnessed that the women, youth and elderly while waiting for the leading leaders of the VPP party and the new candidate Dr. Ricky Syngkon, started dancing.
The Afghan authorities and Taliban officials have strongly condemned the attack and sent their condolences to the families of the dead and injured. She also promised to take action and punish those involved in this incident.
The union has also received information that the smuggling of coal was done by a foreigner in the name of Ruthina D Marak from East Garo Hills District. from the state government.
He said that the MP election this time was very hot because the VPP went around to explain to the people about the rights of the voters and the participation of the people in the elections in a transparent manner.
The land belongs to Prem Nongbsap and was sold to the Seng Khasi Mawlaingut on 20th November
Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor said that during the meeting with the Executive Engineer of MePDCL, the KSU leaders expressed that these electrical posts are not suitable for electricity posts. They also said that the residents of the neighboring areas are worried about the electricity signs passing through their houses especially during the rainy season. any time that may also cause tragedy.
To know the truth and to avoid these confusions, many of the residents of Sohra area have sent several youths who wanted to know the report of the investigation into the incident.
Vehicles will travel according to the following schedule: Areas within Sohra and Civil Sub-Divisions will be 33% per day: Areas within C&RD Block of Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew, Mawsynram, Sohiong and Mawphlang shall be 33% per day: The following rules shall be observed in vehicles: Violators of the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya and this Office shall be punished according to the rules of law. .
“If the Son (Jesus) shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.John 8:36.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Chairman of the State Health Advisory Board, Nongpoh MLA, Raja Brahma Project Director, Raja Brahma Project Director, Nongpoh MLA. DRDA, Dr TS Momin DMHO Ri-Bhoi, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah PB Sylliang Secretary and other officers along with Rangbah Shnongs who came to lead from different places.
Earlier, the General Secretary of the Sohiong Uranium Land Owners' Association, Bha Heas Diengland, said that the delay in completing the road on time may be due to corruption.
“The appointment will go ahead and once the details are shown, you will be very clear.
He assured that the Government has taken all the necessary measures to ensure that these youths will return safely and securely to Meghalaya.
This is also after 91 BSF personnel tested positive for Covid-19 and the State Government has declared a Containment Zone at the BSF station in Umpling and no one is allowed to enter the area. However, to ensure that there will be no community spread, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will start random testing.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh said that the government's failure to improve the road from Umsning to Sonidan, which is 40 km long, has made it easier for traffic. and which has also brought about a change in the appearance of the villages in the Mawhati area as a whole.
Don and jaid that eat; one made of rice, and the other made of rice, which is called in Bengali 'muri' or in Hindustani 'murmura'
Spokesperson of the group, Rupert M Sangma, MDC from Tura constituency, said that the GHUA fully supports the employees of GHADC, who are now fighting for their rights.
Most of the states in India have declared a public holiday tomorrow and some have declared a public holiday.
Rupari Nongrum, 9 years old, who is the fifth of six siblings, was found to be studying in Class II at the Village School in Govt.
Many Christians who are in prison say that the punishment they suffer in prison is still easy to endure but when they read these books, they are deeply affected because it makes them doubt. don Blei? One of God's servants, Hien Pham, who was sentenced to prison, said that he was arrested by anti-Christian books that said there is no God. and except by the power of God's grace he cannot turn away.
Why do you count them so much? There are some foreigners who come just to enter these crematoria and have spent many months in Meghalaya.
Within 15 months after 26 January 1950, on 13 April 1951, this government had interfered with the lands of the Riewlum against the ethno geography and geo polity.
“If this report is a report that condemns the victim (Bah Cheris) and you call the murderer (Police) maybe there will be another war within the community and there will be more violence from the authorities. the environment will not affect you personally inside the Government," he said.
Why don't you say anything? I don't have anything to say about this.
Lakhimpur: Shri Jayant Kalita
They were seized from Khyndai Lad, Mawlong Market and Motphrang.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
You don't have a church, a football or a basketball court.
The Garo people have sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District not to accept the No Objection Certificate. (NoC), documents issued through the Rangbah Shnong Garo for any position in Government departments.
The Rangbah Shnong of Noapara has no knowledge of this except the Secretary of Noapara.
Explaining on this, he said that the Containment Zones are the places where the disease spreads quickly in the villages, but in the state, those who have contracted Covid-19 are only those who have just returned from abroad. The state and places of treatment cannot be placed in Containment Zones.
Speaking to reporters, the Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Yooshida Nongspung said that this decision will continue until the Karbi villages which are in the farming areas of the residents of Khanduli and surrounding villages are allowed to leave. residents of Khanduli to farm and live in peace.
" He said to his wife.
This claims that it’s essential to understand the root cause you need to take preventative measures at the same time.
“This kilo cut is in other areas like Ri Bhoi, but in Ïewduh since 2019 there has been no kilo cut and no complaints have been received, and the Hima has not been silent in this regard,” he said. u Paiem Name.
“This action of the police has shocked the family members especially the children,” said a statement from the President of KSU SWKH, Samla Forwarmen Nongrem.
“Why does the government allow these policemen to explain to the police who know that they shot dead while if there are youths who are suspected, they arrest them,” he asked.
When the mother told Peter, Peter said the same thing as the sister said that you should see a person not only on the mobile but face to face.
In this public hearing, it was ordered that all the 18 Elaka should have an Elaka Dorbar with the participation of all those who have reached the age of 18 years.
Only those who have reached the age of 18 years and above and who have been vaccinated against COVID-19 will be allowed to participate in this tournament.
“The social agreement to operate vehicles (JNNURM) is wrong from the beginning,” said Bah Ronnie, adding that the government will review this.
They signed the documents as a joint venture from that date and brought many herbal medicines donated by Dr. Boss L. Marthong for testing at the University of Madras.
Shillong: Congress Leader Manuel Badwar on Tuesday said that in his personal opinion, the alliance between the Congress and the NPP in the KHADC may be a sign, but it is not a sign. to Congress.
It is said that the relationship between the two; North Korea and South Korea have been in turmoil and it seems that the two countries will reach the border to fight and fight each other because of many conflicts between the two countries.
The union demands that the KHADC and JHADC should immediately authorize the Durbar Kurs to issue these certificates on the issue of jait tribes. Shillong: Langsning FC have scored 10 points from a 1-1 draw against Mohammedan Sporting in the Second Division League. The Group C tournament will be held in Kolkata today.
In the men's category, Tyllilang Academy beat Unique by 57 to 53 points.
In Tura, Agatha Sangma of the NPP received 71,822 votes while Mukul Sangma received 64,936 votes.
The four Congress MDCs who resigned did not attend the meeting of the Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) called by the MPCC on the grounds that the MPCC has decided to suspend them. Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, from the party.
En bloc- Synroplang which is the synroplang of the members of the Legislative Assembly for the purpose of supporting any important social activity which should be through the laws governing society in the state.
India U-16 Team: Goalkeepers: Konjengbam Tamphasana Devi, Munni, Surajmuni Kumari.
Conrad acknowledged that the NPP is the party of the minorities in the state and the states in the country founded by PA Sangma. The NPP has become stronger across the state and the people of Songsak should also come together to support the NPP. In Meghalaya alone, we don't need to think about the upcoming elections because it is clear that the NPP will come back to power with victory in many constituencies”.
She said that their bail before their arrest would affect the investigation as they could destroy the evidence and witnesses.
East Garo Hills, Ri-Bhoi and All Jaintia Cricket Association are in Group A; South West Khasi Hills, South Garo Hills, Shillong Cricket Association and West Khasi Hills are in Group B; The winners of each group and the runners-up in Group B will qualify for the semifinals. .
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) RL Iew Rambrai Unit, as part of the celebration of the 188th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh, held a penalty shootout at Madan RL. Rambrai Sports Club, in which eight teams came to take part, in which the Rambrai team came second and the other team came second.
Police said that the three suspects claimed to be the owners of a gold jewelry shop in Uttar Pradesh when they came to Ambassa area to rob. who passed 2,000.
Dapkupar Nongrum top scored with 23 runs from 29 balls and Shemphang Nongbri scored 3/21 in 4 overs.
The amount of money collected as fine during the year has witnessed the highest collection as in previous years in terms of implementation such as appearance in Lok Adalats. and send letters to the violators in which they have to pay a fine within 15 days or appear before the Magistrate after a complaint, said a source. come from the police.
The statement also acknowledged that the UDP Pyndenumjarain zonal unit has become stronger in the area after the joining of 30 members of the HSPDP, 47 members of the NPP and 25 members of the Congress. He said that the party has the hope of winning the MDC election 2014 from Langrin constituency.
In fact, if the government really has that spirit to develop the farmers, it should help them in times of natural disasters or wildlife damage such as elephants.
Along the way they walked carefree, at every hour and until tomorrow, and thus they went on for days.
The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh Jowai on Tuesday.
The source said that the BJP's decision to award tickets to any candidate who applies for tickets is based on the verification by the government departments and also by the party's appointed chairman to ensure peace. The party shall not take the decision to award the ticket to the candidates who are more popular among the people and who have a closer relationship with the people.
Last week, IIT scientists indicated that the number would be between 33 to 35 lakh cases between 11 and 15 January 2021.
What kind of blind law like this has destroyed the human dignity and has destroyed the rights, dignity and honor of the nation by the power of evil?
Furthermore, the report said that two months before 10th June, there were no coal storage facilities except at Depot No.9 which is a legal storage facility. They shall not be found in all the lynter, but shall be found illegally.
Let us look at some of the sequence of events such as the assassination of Rangbah, Lurshai Hynniewta due to ethnic struggle and conflict with foreigners.
Regarding the travel expenses, Bah Ïaidon Rumnong-Treasurer of the MPBC, said that most of the expenses of the party have to be spent by themselves but for the contest to be held in Arunachal on the 18th. Shanborlang received a little help from the Promotions who invited him to compete on that day.
However, this could not be implemented as both the States did not accept the collection and census method.
The Chief Minister said that many political parties have criticized the MDA Government after the High Court of Meghalaya banned the export of coal to Bangladesh but he did not hesitate to meet with them. Heads of the Commerce and Mining Departments have been to Delhi many times and now they are allowed to export coal to Bangladesh.
It was in Sohra that Soso Tham was born and raised.
He pointed out the government's failures since the adoption of the Dual Term Act for MLAs as MDCs, which has not been implemented till today, the deterioration of roads across the state, the lack of electricity, the There is a lack of education in the state along with many other reasons.
When Peter had been working for about two weeks he realized what the job was like.
He said that this college is very important because at present there is only Khraw Sing College which teaches only Arts Stream and the opening of this college will provide places for students studying in Science. nad Commerce.
These subjects have been assigned to the Panchayats as entrusted to them with the power and responsibility to develop and implement them for the benefit and benefit of the people as mentioned in the Panchayats. Article 243-G. The most important issue to be discussed is the Recommendation of the National Commission to Review the Working of the Constitution which the Government of India has appointed under the leadership of Sahep Bishar. MN Venkatachaliah (former Chief Justice of India) for a thorough review of the implementation of the Constitution of India.
They want me to answer them by saying that I don't have a husband, I live in Hindustan, in Galaxy Apartments, where I live with my father and this is what the whole of India knows. an".
In the name of unity,One law, one country,There is no low paid, no high paid,The end of peace; hap to be cleansed.
Shillong, March 14: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Thursday laid wreaths at the Secretariat, the residence of the Chief Minister and the offices of all political parties in the state. The NPP, BJP, UDP and HSPDP have demanded that the government should temporarily suspend the police involved in the bomb blast against the contract teachers who turned to the Secretariat on the 6th of this month. date.
He was speaking to reporters in Jhunjhunu, Rajasthan.
The first goals were scored by Samuel Kynshi in the 10th minute and Phrangki Buam in the 25th minute.
He had promised to release coal together with his government officials, but when the coal was brought to Nongstoiñ, 95,000 coal was seized.
Those who were announced yesterday are M Langki Lamare, Sutnga-Nongkhlieh, Bataw-Lakadong, Dr Sanki Shangpung, Tuber-Laski Rymbai, War East-Bah Lamdibok Sumer and Nongjngi-Bah. Suklang Shylla, Jowai Central Library Officer.
How can the BJP together with its allies in the NDA not have 273 MPs so that they cannot form a government? Here, we should support the Congress so that they cannot form a government. TMC, TDP, DMK, SP, BSP, RJD, JD(S), Left Front and others, will reach more than 273 MPs. to repeal Section 124A IPC called the Sedition Law introduced in 1870 by the British Government and to amend the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, beat the 1943 British Government Act.
The man was wearing blue jeans with a blue shirt with the words 'Police' on the shirt, blue jackets with 'Puma' written on it, blue shirt with white stripes. and he shall bind it on the right hand.
Nongstoin, July 12: A man has been arrested on Saturday morning for trying to buy drugs with a slip of drugs from a pharmacy in Nongstoin. On the part of the drug dealers of the shop, when they examined the behavior of him, it was clear that he was a drug addict.
Regarding this issue, the CEM said that last year there were discussions, but the companies have also expressed their concerns, but private companies will only go where they have a profit.
N.Bareh scored the third goal in the 5th minute and N.Nongspung started the second goal in the 9th minute.
The Dorbar Chnong Samasi would like to thank Shitlang Pale, MLA of 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency and K.Langstang, MDC of 26th Sumer Constituency, for their kindness to the villagers.
Meubai Sumer and Chanjib Chettri scored the goals for Ri-Bhoi while Budmi Mukhim scored the winner's goals for the winner. thep and column (3, 60 min) and from Kynsai-I-manmi War.
He has never been in the UDP and is not even an Associate MLA UDP, like Bah SK Sun and Samuel Sangma, both Independent MLAs. -Laitumkhrah, I have decided not to move from the place where I have been for a year, to fight against the UDP candidate of Kong Pretty and other current leaders.
He said that the road from Shillong to Dawki and the Dawki Bridge will be improved with the money.
He said that at present, there are 115 people living in the village and half of them are elderly, pensioners and about 20 children under 13 years of age.
The Khasi Labor Corps was also sent to fight abroad.
Christian Academy Higher Sec School, Wahingdoh 27.
The helicopter belonged to the Augusta Westland AW-1
Shillong: A vehicle collided at 3 Mer Upper Shillong, hours before the start of the night curfew called by the CoHSO which started at 7 pm.
"Parents and communities should ensure the rights of children by stopping the employment of children and sending them to school to get education and improve their lives from an early age. Speaking at the celebration of World Day against Child Labor at Good Shepherd Ladrymbai and Vianney Hall, Marianhill, Jowai, Father Manbha Pakem said.
On the other hand, the Seng Samla Dong Mawpun and Seng Samla Umlyngka have also warned the residents who are accustomed to polluting the water and especially those who live in the city. not to throw away plastic or any other garbage.
On the other hand, Bah John Kharshiing, said that the time has come for us to think far ahead.
At such times, many ask, “Where are our leaders? Did their eyes pop all the way out? Do they want to see us die of hunger?” In this area of ​​ours, we haven't seen a leader for a long time.
Speaking to reporters, HYC General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin said that Mukul Sangma's Benami Act has no intention of punishing those who commit benami because this is not benami. It happens not only among foreigners but also among fellow citizens.
The cost of this will be Rs 300 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Today is the day that the people have been waiting for and wanted to see the Daju Iewduh in their white dress, where many people have come. The order to start wearing the Hima uniform has been announced at the Mylliem Hima Police Station today, where not only the Ministers of Mylliem Hima and EMs, MDCs of KHADC The meeting was attended by the Chief Executive Member of the District Council, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
He said that bloodshed is not the way to bring peace, or to shoot foreigners, but dialogue is the most important and necessary.
The meeting was held today at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh in the presence of Lyngdohs, Raid chiefs, Nongpoh MDC, Bah Balajied Rani and Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka Sirdarship. , Bah Wanphrang Lyngdoh came to take part in the discussion on the inability to include the Bhoi customs and traditions in the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act,
She was followed by the Chief Ministers of Kerala and Haryana, Pinarayi Vijayan and Manohar Lal Khattar, both of whom confirmed their wealth of Rs 1 crore.
However, the AITC may win only three seats in the 2023 Assembly elections.
Traditional agriculture is a wealth that our ancestors have not given us and the time has come for us to turn back to this traditional knowledge.
The Speaker of the Regional Assembly of Ukraine said the death toll was the worst that Ukraine has suffered this time and unprecedented since the beginning of the war. until this time that the death toll in one attack has reached
He urged the staff of the Aquaculture Mission to increase the number of fish farms and to expand the programme.
The NGT and Supreme Court orders have been in force since 2016 or earlier,” she said.
Shillong, March 09: The Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation (MMDC) has been suspended for several years.
Shri.Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary &amp; The Development Commissioner, Government of Meghalaya, has explained the importance of the ECHO system. He has also explained the importance of improving the early childhood development of children and his willingness to work with the ECHO in the future.
The renovation of the MCCL factory is necessary after the government factory, which was established by the Assam government, has outdated its equipment and this has made it difficult for the factory to produce more dewbilat.
The War East District Satpator Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (WADA) has decided to temporarily ban foreigners from fishing in Wah Lakroh.
Lou Majaw has performed rock & blue music.
In the first match, Luti Tuber Ialong beat 7 Wasa 4-1
" (John 6:20:21-29) The CYL invites all Catholic youth of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to come and participate on the 7th starting with Holy Mass at 10:00 am in the morning and followed by a Cultural Program at noon and the closing ceremony of the Golden Jubilee.
Therefore, these leaders invited all the Contractors and Suppliers to attend the meeting to discuss many issues related to the Contractors and also to The Contractors and Suppliers Association of Ri Bhoi District has to strengthen its efforts to ensure the smooth running of the work for the Contractors and Suppliers. Fear.
The mountains, the rivers, the trees, the flowers, the creatures that live in the sky and in the water, the inanimate creatures that live in the sky, in the sky and in the sky.
“I don't think there is a need for any law to pursue those who killed Kamlesh Tiwari.
The Health Mela was organized by the District Legal Services Authority West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the Office of the District Medical and Health Officer.
Regarding this programme, Umpling Umjathang SC congratulated and expressed its gratitude to Bah PT Sawkmie for his involvement with the village.
When they had sat down for a while, the mother of the son of Kni sent them both away.
Bah Lambok Marbngar, President KSU, please explain to the public on behalf of us the people, about this issue, so that we can understand the people, if you have compassion for the poor.
Furthermore, the Land Constitution is all due to the 6th Schedule which now has about 10 ADCs in the North East.
The HYC, Sengkmie together with leaders and members from Ri Bhoi today visited Bakhalapara Village to hold a public meeting at Bakhalapara Village. They first burnt down the tyngshop of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and also the tyngshop of the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
The announcement was made by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who wrote on X, “I am pleased to inform the students that the admission process in the colleges affiliated to the Central University in Meghalaya, the CUET has been suspended for the current academic year.
The scheme has two parts in terms of the release of funds by the Central Government to the State Governments, one is for the purchase of equipment and the other is for the wages of job card holders.
Rajesh Ranjan, formerly known as Pappu Yadav, and his wife, Ranjeet Ranjan, are members of the Lok Sabha.
The discussion on the UCC has come to the fore in recent days after Uttarakhand Chief Minister Pushkar Singh Dhama set up a committee to look into the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code.
Perhaps, if the village headmen agree to take out all the residents for a day or two to clean up all the streams in the city and surrounding areas, change will come.
In Sangriang, the Dorbar Shnong is held several times a year depending on the availability of jobs, but it is usually held at least once a year.
It would be interesting to see if the Congress in Mawlai will give the ticket to the MLA of Mawlai. Who will he trust more, and who has been by his side during his difficult times until he reached his goal? If there is no understanding, there will be more problems and someone who is not from the Congress will win.
“If the Minister questions the order of the Mining and Geology Department, why didn't he ban it and there is no written statement from the Forest Department against this order,” she said. .
The Sengbhalang is yours,If you don't join us;A! They don't sleep, they want peace with you.
The word 'Ang' is a word that carries many meanings such as a word written on its own line or a line drawn on a boundary, a word that stands or sits among people in which prepare a queue, which means 'Queue'
“This will not affect me because the people in my area have known the truth and therefore the truth will stand.
Lajong, who are still the champions of the tournament, have been able to play well since the start of the tournament with the opportunity to sign talented players.
She said the government extends its condolences to the families of those who died and prays for the recovery of those injured.
These are those who have received license from the government but cannot comply with the rules and the opening hours of winestors are from 10 am to 9 pm, while bars are open from 8 pm. .
He also spoke on the history of hospitals which started from a place to relieve diseases to a place to provide health care.
Shillong, November 20 : U Minister of State for Social Welfare, Kyrmen Shylla, today said that the FOCUS scheme does not belong to the NPP as alleged. It is a scheme of the MDA government for the people.
Perhaps everyone who wants to see that coming world of tomorrow.
So when they say it's not right, why should we go?
He said that if a cinema is built in the library, it will be easier for the people if they come from Anjalee, Ïewduh, Khyndailad because it is near the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Of the total drugs, police recovered 1.54 kg of heroin packed in soap boxes and 8.78 kg of song packed in several bags.
He said that it is due to the tortious work of the contractor who has installed water tanks on the roads belonging to different villages of Mawlai, where the rong road has turned into one of the ahor ktieh. it has caused trouble to the people.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 10: The foundation stone of the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, which was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Mukul M Sangma together with HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs, has changed its shape. dep, just to get the name of the MLA of the area, Bah H.Witting Mawsor, because in the Mawnongrim which has been prepared, the name of the MLA of the area has not appeared at all. However, although the Mawnongrim has changed its appearance on the opening day, it is understood that it will be improved and built later.
The Red House won the title with 90 points followed by the Green House with 75 points, the Yellow House with 56 points and the Blue House with 36 points.
The registration of the name of Nongkhardot in Mawkhar has angered Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit MDC of Mawkhar, who has strongly opposed the registration of the name of the village which is written as Nongkhardot 'A', Nongkhardot 'B' and He sent for the translation of the village headquarters and center and said that there was no Nongkhardot in Mawkhar.
Because we who drive only 6KM charge 40 tyngka, what should we do if we have to go to the police department?
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress Committee (MWCC) has strongly condemned the MDA government for suddenly announcing a curfew without considering the health and problems faced by the people. whether in the city or in the countryside.
On the same day, the Prime Minister together with Bah Hamlet inaugurated the IDP Project, Upper Shillong.
According to their information, there are 24,392 coal mines in East Jaintia Hills and it is very high,” he said.
After this training was conducted by Ms. Ilasiewdor Gashnga who works as Project Coordinator of SURE. The training on Integrated Farming was on the production of fertilizers including Vermi and Berkerly Compost and also on the use of LAB (Lactic Acid Bacteria) and IMO.
According to police, the NSCN-IM member had entered the state through the border area with Myanmar to collect illegal money from residents of Myanmar. They live in the border areas of the state – especially in Noglo and Laju circles, Tirap district.
The KSU in its inspection has found many shortcomings in the construction of the school and alleged that the contractor who built the school has completed the construction of the shlem to provide education to the children of War Jaintia. .
When asked whether the VPP's protest is for political gain, Bah Metbah said, “I don't want to say anything about this because other parties have their own ways of working. to criticize the work of other parties.
Block-I & Block-II, 11.
As the saying goes – 'A nation whose language is written in writing is a living nation'
The soldiers admitted that when a bike came by, they stopped but instead of stopping, the bike turned away.
We firmly believe that through this Behdieñkhlam, the party will strengthen the spirit of unity as a small nation in the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum,” said the statement.
“Who didn't introduce the ILP three months before the MLA elections, not the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma?” he asked. On 4th November 2012, I was elected as the Chairman of the HLC.
In a word, I would like to say that in the years since the death of Kiang Nangbah until now, we have been enslaved in our own country, not by foreigners but by ourselves. now there is no true leader, from the leaders to the political parties.
“We can say that if they want to steal from the office and they want to steal from a supplier who is involved, they can do it easily, because they just look at who steals. They lose the price and then they will reduce it even more and even if they reduce it by only 50 naïa, they will get only these or a supplier who has a relationship with them,” they said.
The march will last for 1.5 kilometers from Narayana Guru Circle to Nava Bharat Circle, the source said.
For the sake of the Khasi, I would like to point out here the difference between the Lyngngam and the Diko or Garo.
Many do not want to know and hear the Word of God in this world.
Mawrie said the UDP will be stronger in the upcoming elections in Sohiong on 10th June because the vote will be wrong as HDR Lyngdoh is not the Sitting MLA. at the time of your death.
Besides these home treatments, they are also affordable and you don't have to spend a lot of money.
Besides Rahul Gandhi, others whose phones have been stolen include current BJP ministers Ashwini Vaishnaw, Prahlad Singh Patel and Ashok Lavasa, former Chief Election Commissioner of India. Prashant Kishor, Election Commissioner, Prashant Kishor.
According to the students who took the SSLC examination, the subject Social Sciences was held on Tuesday (04-04-2022).
After the HSPDP, the Congress party was accompanied by Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, President of the MPCC, Bah G. Nonglong, Bah MacMillan Kharbani, former General Secretary of the NPP Nongstoin and other dignitaries. of the Congress Party.
Speaking to thousands of supporters who attended the rally, Nehemiah said, “It is no longer necessary to say if I will win, but I will win.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Executive Officer, JMB, DV Lyngdoh MCS, JMB Chairman Lasooki Lakiang who conducted the meeting, Jowai Dalloi Puramon Kynjing who gave a short speech and others.
Sangma said the parents of Balsan Marak and the people of Garo Hills have the right to know the reason for Balsan's death while in police custody.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The UDP Pynursla Circle has denied the media reports that there is a party split in Lapalang Unit which falls under the Pynursla Circle. In a statement to the media, UDP Pynursla President Bah Aihok Khongmalai said that this report is wrong because at present the UDP unit in the village still exists and the news is false.
The Convenor of Maitshaphrang, Bah Michael Syiem, in an interview with the media, said that Phan Nonglait is a hero who took part in the independence struggle of India as the first woman to accompany him. Syiem Tirot Singh and his troops to kill the troops of the French Government.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has urged the state government to think seriously about the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) especially when the BJP-led central government has decided to proceed with the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). to enact the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
Khelo India will start from 10th to 20th July 2020 in Guwahati.
Besides, Bah Charles Pyngrope urged the government to release all the salaries of the employees in Group B, C and D as many of them have to pay their school fees. , money for health and others.
In his resignation letter, KS Thanga explained seven issues related to the reasons for his resignation from the Congress party.
This will lead to a more stable society.
At the same time, the meeting discussed the improvement and strengthening of relations between the two countries.
He said that it is the MDA government which has been talking about many issues in the state and the clearest example is the Motor Area, border crossings, roads in many places. with many others.
Urging the youth who are running this service, Kong Patricia added, “You should also have a goal in front of you and the most important thing is hard work.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Kuliang appeals to the law enforcement authorities to punish such people so that they can curb crime in the village, said a statement from Bah Min Lamare Rangbah Shnong Kuliang.
The KSU members also protested at the campus in Kyrdemkulai to protest in front of the campus and put up a signboard reading Central Agriculture University, Kyrdemkulai.
He said that the owners of these dhabas should manage the garbage in a manner that does not cause pollution and added that if they cannot remove the pollution, the inspectors will They should close these Dhabas first.
Amit Sharma is a reporter for New24, a TV channel.
New Delhi, June 8: The Congress party today demanded the immediate removal of Union Minister VK Singh for his remarks against journalists. The Congress has also strongly criticized the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not doing anything to punish Singh.
“AMTF is the name used by the GNLA for kidnapping and looting.
The work is currently in progress.
Those who are angry don't see the destruction and danger that the nation has fought until today,” he said.
This source of sustainable fertilizer is in line with the Government’s efforts to promote the use of crop-building products and improve urea production.
On the other hand, the party has made it clear that those who accuse will continue to accuse but these threats will not discourage the party because it will stand on the same basis.
When asked about the steps taken by the leaders for the construction of the road, Bah Arman said that what the candidates have promised but what they have done is the same when they win. .
“We have already directed the Police Department to investigate whether this threat spread on social media is true or not.
“So far since the implementation of the NRC, 223 people have been arrested from Assam without documents and these people have been repatriated,” he said.
Neil Nongkynrih, pianist and founder of the Shillong Chamber Choir (SCC), passed away on Tuesday in Mumbai after a long illness.
Ignorance of the laws involves ignorance and violation or resistance.
K. Wanniang DDMO, M. Kharkongngor, Consultant DDMA and Sub-Inspector S. Syiemiong were also present at the opening ceremony. Department and other government officials.
The Fundamental Rights of the citizens are enshrined in the Constitution in Chapter III of the Indian Constitution.
We are living in the days when knowledge has grown rapidly and we cannot deny the fact that the knowledge of young children has surpassed the knowledge of parents especially in terms of knowledge technological or media-related knowledge and experience.
Hitler killed up to 70 million or 6 million Israelis including 55 million others in the Second World War (1939-1945 AD).
He added that the project was started from Iewduh as Iewduh is the central market and is also the food source of the Khasi.
In addition, a speech was delivered by the President of the HNYM, Bah Louis Dohtdong, who explained the activities of the HNYM, saying that the HNYM stands to protect the land of the HNYM. shyiap, the indigenous culture and the preservation of the language which are the three pillars to preserve the uniqueness of the Jaidbynriew.
We need to help the synsar farmers so that we can protect their livelihood,” he said.
"On the election campaign, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, Congress candidate who is also MDC of Mairang Constituency, thanked the people who have supported and helped him to become a candidate. MDC and as another person of the same rank as others.
" said RiiaBahnah and went out of the room.
Dozens of cows of farmers took part in the festival 'Iadaw Masi Rong' of Raliang Elaka.
We the electorate are watching this struggle of these legislators and we don't say anything.
According to the employees of the department, they said that they wanted the department to promote them to TLS, but the authorities in charge of the department did not believe them and also asked for support from the department. Former Umroi MLA, Bah Stanlywiss Rymbai, during his tenure as MLA last year, this MLA also visited the office, but the department did not believe and implement. this is your claim.
He said the group is irresponsible and is trying to turn the incident into a religious difference and is trying to defame Meghalaya.
During the march, Rahul was arrested by the police after he went to the CBI office in New Delhi, where he was taken to the police station in Lodhi Colony.
They said that the Meghalaya government authorities should take action and fight if there are any authorities who try to interfere in the construction of this road.
In connection with this film, the participants had to shoot with Airsoft pellet guns instead of firearms to avoid danger and injury.
The MHA officials also confirmed that they will send information regarding what they have already discussed, regarding the inclusion of the Garo language in the list of languages, which will be included in the fifth schedule of the the Constitution of the country.
Replying to a question by Teilinia Thangkhiew on the construction of the District Council house through the Forest Department in Lumsohpetbneng, Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM in charge of Forests, KHADC, said that The house is for the residence of the Forest Department employees and the cost of construction of the house is T.17,69,000 tyngka. ing through the 13th Finance Commission (2012-2013.
The party will soon meet with the Minister of Defense, Roshan Warjri to demand that the border should be resolved urgently, he said.
Furthermore, informing that the department will have to pay the capping salary of T.52 crore, Bah Shangpliang said that the work on this issue is in progress.
“What time is it? said the child and looked at the big blue house.
Wash your hands:- Diarrhea can be spread from one person to another through hand washing, so you should wash your hands regularly before and after eating. which is necessary because it can help reduce the spread of diseases.
The NPP candidate expressed the hope that the people will become wise and should no longer be deceived by the language.
Speaking at a press conference, Congress Spokesperson Ajoy Kumar confirmed that there were conspiracies behind the scenes on the part of the Railway Minister. killed 288 people and injured more than 1,000 in a collision between three trains at Balasore in Odisha.
Besides, they will also raise issues related to the government's financial crisis which has put pressure on the roads which have been destroyed and other issues.
She also helped the Khasi brothers in Kolkata to buy land for their cemetery, among many other things.
• These organizations are patriotic.
“If you send a BJP MP from Shillong, he or she will be able to become a Minister,” said the BJP MLA. and we will get many development projects and we will also get various schemes for the creation of employment opportunities for the youth of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
There is also a horse race which the Trust has handed over to the Sai Kulai (stewards) to conduct, later known as the Shillong Gymkhana Races.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : The State Government is considering whether to lift the 48-hour internet curfew in seven districts of the state. Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
A girl has been killed by unidentified robbers in a village on the India-Bangladesh border at Dawki Police Station, West Jaintia Hills District.
It may be recalled that MLA Adelbert Nongrum asked a question in the Legislative Assembly to seek clarification from the Minister of Home Affairs, who said that there was no information about such cases. , but only a few days later, the nuti organization itself came forward to express itself publicly as can be seen through the newspapers and digital media.
On the same day, the office of the Superintending Engineer of PHE Nongpoh has immediately suspended the interview for various posts which the office has already announced after these groups went to suspend the interview. Immediately after the interview.
However, it was the arrival of the Welsh missionary Rev Thomas Jones (who is known as the father of the Khasi alphabet) in day to the light of the day, by introducing the written characters by adapting the Khasi language in speaking and reading.
At the time of writing, it is understood that the puh shilum, have worked hard, to remove the soil and stones that have fallen on the highway and the vehicles, have easily escaped to the other side. of the collapse.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : Up to 1,000 households in Sohiong Constituency have received 10,000 tyngka under the MLA scheme distributed by the MLA of the constituency Bah Samlin Malngiang at a meeting held at Madan. Umsaw is not on this day.
This is unique among the Khasi and Garo people in Meghalaya.
Many citizens in military dictatorships and dictatorships are eager to be able to choose their leader by ballot.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 2.73 crore and the death toll to 3.15 lakh.
" Eph.5:15,16.
Sanjay Yadav took 2/29 while Akash Kumar Choudhary took two wickets for 77 runs.
The Core Committee has requested all the drivers and owners of commercial vehicles to attend the meeting so that the issues such as the drivers and the owners of the vehicles can be discussed. Vehicle owners have and face difficulties on their part and to discuss the price of vehicle fares if the government is willing to reduce the price of petrol and vehicle tax books.
According to Dr Donkupar, the ideology of contesting elections in India has not yet reached this stage and the party will also go to listen when the NDA candidate comes because it wants to know and understand the NDA candidate. foundation that they reveal.
Malki opened the scoring through Viki L Darlong in the 68th minute.
Expressing the AITC's determination to fulfill the aspirations and dreams of the people, Sangma, who is also the former Chief Minister of the State, said, “The medical college is not only for providing education. in the field of health, it is also a challenge in terms of health care.
The Rotary Club Jowai on 19th September 2020 celebrated the Shiksha Sammam 2020 as part of the Rotary Club of Jowai. education such as providing assistance to children from poor families, eradicating the number of children who do not attend school or are illiterate and others.
Mairang, Naitung 17: The government will soon start the construction of the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, which has been opened for 10 years, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, today said. tam now.
On July 10, 2022, the office bearers of the Manai Branch were confirmed and Korman Warjri was elected as President and Ribesstar Warjri as Secretary; The Chief Secretary was Bah Phlarsing Warjri and the Secretary General was Bah Habanjop Warjri.
On Tuesday, Prasad's son and Bihar Chief Secretary Tejashwi Yadav said the CBI's harassment of his family was because it was against the government. The Indian People's Party (BJP).
According to Rupang, six ministers have lodged complaints against the Syiem and his cabinet and they have been supported by 24 ministers. There are 30 ministers and chiefs of the Hima Mylliem.
We are still waiting and the Government should understand that and we leave it to the Government how it should act,” said Lambokstarwell.
Therefore, the leading leaders of the party have to send a letter to the Chief Minister to remind the department to take the necessary action.
“This attack by about 500 mynder cannot have happened by chance, we have received information that some of them have come in vehicles from other villages to attack us,” he said. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Ichamati Peacemaker Marwein said that these people who attacked those who came to take part in the rally, cannot be Bangladeshis because Ichamati village has a signboard on the border about 5 km away.
The school with great joy organized a program of welcome speeches to the MLA by the school authorities and songs and dances by the children.
He took Bhalang with him as his mother wanted.
In a tweet, Kashmir Zone Police said, “A clash took place at Padgampora, Awantipora in Pulwama district.
These trucks (MLO4A-6647 and MLML06-7936) were driven by Wompher Pakma of Kyndongtuber and Dilangstar Umdor of Tyrsad. of the Supreme Court more than 9 tons.
Unlike now, these farmlands have turned into mining and coal mining areas to feed the cement factories run by foreign companies who are trying to take advantage of these areas by using the villagers as contractors and Agents for the Company.
Infected leaves have spots with stems and rounds.
Public awareness has also been raised to 3,500 households in the outskirts of the city through these campaigns conducted across the country.
Several political parties have also lodged a complaint with the Election Commission against the proposal to hold religion as an election issue and demanded that punishment should be imposed on those who do so.
The band had to stop for 15-20 minutes due to the incident and it was at this moment that thousands of people fled due to doubts that the band would continue.
Tyngshain Mukhim, resident of Khlieh Umwang, was shot dead on 9/09/2018 at Umwang Madan and died on 12/09/2
The Prime Minister recalled the loss of her parents in the tragic incident of 15th July
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah PT Passah, Project Director, DRDA, Bah H Khyriem, Rangbah Shnong, Members of the Women's Union of Mylliem, Members of the Dorbar Shnong. and others.
They have already lost the post of Minister along with the portfolios in the new government.
Relatives, relatives, friends and fellow students of a schoolgirl who was suspected of being murdered in East Jaintia Hills District today visited the village to bury her.
Therefore, when we look at these days, they are not the last days but they are the days of the last repentance of people on earth and the opportunity is still open for us to repent. our sins and to turn away from humility in prayer to God.
There are 23 males, 36 females and 3 SHGs. The total amount of participants is 29,38,0
“Wa! you are still a child or I will listen to those stories and gossip of the rich,” said the father encouragingly to his mother.
“It is the duty of the government to employ the youth or the citizens,” said the Shillong MP in the Lok Sabha.
Life Insurance Corporation of India won the title, Reserve Bank of India came second and Bank of Baroda came fourth.
Thus, at that time, the working methods to promote the activities of the indigenous people were changed because everyone was eager to invest in education and other development activities.
Shillong: The KSU EJHDU today 28/07/2022 under the leadership of its President Streamly N Suchen, Satly Ryngkhlem Vice President and KS Suchiang General Secretary, together with dozens of members blocked the tollgate of Lumshnong. and the collection of tribute there was stopped.
This war is easier for the government because the government has received the cooperation of all the people.
So he went to build Ingsad in Smit and it has remained there to this day.
The school was inaugurated by Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest and speaking at the opening ceremony, he urged the parents to take the opportunity to send their children to school at this school. schools should address the problems of children in terms of lack of access to resources and technology.
They are the indigenous people who occupy most of the land in the country and other foreigners live, farm, work and the poorer foreigners live with them. I'm going to die only to live.
Shillong, Nailur 23 : U Bah Banshanlang Kharbyngar, football referee, passed away on Thursday morning (23-09-202) after a long illness.
From Umshohphria, the road climbs slowly to a 32 degree slope until it reaches a small hill and from this hill we can see the Umlur River to the west.
“The future of our children cannot be or be held responsible by a person who cannot run the department or control the education department,” said Bah Shen.
He said that in fact, the state government has reminded the KHADC 39 times to issue the NOC for the construction of the railway line in the state.
What do you think motivated some people to do what they did? Such people should also be referred to mental health professionals and not just imprisoned.
Shillong, Nailur 19: A meeting of the leaders of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar today was held to discuss who is eligible to send the candidate who has the main. to contest the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections or to contest the People's Candidate.
“There will be an election of new office bearers because according to the rules of procedure, all office bearers do not have to be elected after the expiry of the term of office of three years,” he said.
The General Assembly of the JHADC will be held on the 19th November 2021 at 10:30 am at the District Council Hall.
AIFF Secretary General Dr Shaji Prabakharan said, “We have now introduced the Elite U-17 League which will include academies and clubs from more than 30 places. They will compete in this event with more than 50 teams.
Earlier, Bah S. Marweiñ, MCS, BDO, Ranikor C&RD Block, gave the welcome speech and Bah LT Tariang, MCS, Project Director, DRDA, South West Khasi Hills District, gave the welcome speech. give me the words of greeting.
He said that the State Government has helped only by providing food to the family during the quarantine period. one of the members of the household in Mawtharia.
Jowai, July 25: The Women's Welfare Organization (WWO) Seiñraij Jowai in collaboration with the Assam Don Bosco University with the support of UNICEF, on Saturday held a public awareness program on the prevention of HIV/AIDS. the Covid-19 pandemic.
Many of the speakers including Sengbhalang leaders, village leaders, civilians and elders criticized the MDA-02 government led by the NPP.
There are more than 100 households in the village and all the houses in the village have been flooded due to heavy rainfall on Friday night and in the morning. the next day and all the people had to leave their homes.
He was arrested at 2 pm on Tuesday morning from a house in Williamnagar.
The Chief Minister said that the GR Code will be installed in the new shallans to ensure that there will be no smuggling or smuggling of shallans.
Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh said Dr Mukul Sangma, who is the leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP), is qualified to contest from Tura Parliament.
The seized items were handed over to the Custom at Pynursla.
“All the offices we have visited, although they lack officers, but there is no lock, but only the office of the Soil & Water Conservation which for decades has not even opened the lock gate” , said James.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Meghalaya and Mizoram will face each other on the third day of the U-19 Men's Coach Behar Trophy at the MCA Ground, Polo.
However, it was reported that these vehicles, which were sent by boat from the United States to London, did not pay the fare on the roads of London, which is £11.50 per day, which reaches £700 when they run for three days.
Manipur has been in the midst of heavy clashes between the Kuki and Meitei people since 3rd June.
In a petition sent to the DC of Ri Bhoi, the Border Area Raid Nongtung Youth Wing requested the DC to help and talk to the government for the improvement of the road. from Mawlasnai to Jatalong, as it has been badly damaged and has caused problems to the traffic.
The fourth instruction for the areas where there is Sohmrit wild, Sohmrit bam and sying heh, you cut three symbols of wild sohmrit, one shamoit of sohmrit bam and one hand of the mother of Sying met. thep doesn't have a bottle.
He said that the explosives and the two persons arrested are still in the custody of the police and the police are conducting investigation into the incident. were involved in the smuggling of bombs and explosives.
Here in India too, the land from the west of the Rajputana desert has moved eastwards.
Jason J. Lamare took five wickets and Navin Kumar took two wickets for United.
It is unfortunate that some unknown people decided in their own wisdom, and our organization took the initiative alone in relation to this project and tried to spread and affected Elizabeth Matthews Nongbri, Founder Trustee and Chairperson of NEST (I) said in a statement sent to the Shillong Press Club (SPC).
The construction of the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture is nearing completion and will be operational soon.
All wildlife, trees, birds and fish, insects, flowers and even plants are the property of the government.
MAASA organized the paragliding competition at Rapleng Ground in Mawkynrew Constituency, about 28km from Shillong.
She said that the MPDA's chargesheet and the allegation of involvement in the burning of Bah Arphul's office are groundless.
Thus, it was witnessed that this constituency has not lacked in terms of roads, drinking water, education and other areas.
Can Muslims in Jammu and Kashmir be called minorities, Sikhs in other states? Can they be called minorities in Punjab? Chief Justice TS Thakur and Justices FMI Kalifulla, AK Sikri, SA Bobde and R Banumathi in reply to the petition of Chief Justice Rakesh Dwivedi who argued that Sikhs should be treated as minorities in Punjab.
Tamil Nadu Governor Banwarilal Purohit and BJP Uttar Pradesh chief Swatantra Dev Singh have tested positive for covid-1
However, this is not a condemnation or criticism against drug addicts, but a wake-up call to all especially to the Government to intensify and strengthen the fight against this terrible war.
This is a book written about the lifestyle of the Khasi which is similar to that of the Jews.
Therefore, as an elder or youth of Ri Bhoi, he requested the state government through the PWD department to turn its attention to the village so that it can get a proper road and if “The road is safe and the residents of the village will continue to grow in all aspects,” he added.
The area has been cleaned up and it has been seen that there are dewbilat bags, bags of rice covered with rice, jhur, plastic. The areas where new houses have been built because of the collapse of lyngkhot tiles, wood, dewbilat and other garbage.
Speaking to media, Bah S.Kharsyiemiong, President AMSSASTA, Ri-Bhoi District, expressed his deep sorrow over the government's negligence of the teachers who have to leave the streets. From time to time to demand salary from the government, and as of now SSA teachers have not received salary for about 5 months which has made it difficult for many teachers to provide for their families and all their needs.
This also shows our own character.
Yesterday, the leaders of the Adhoc teachers who have been staying overnight near the secretariat for three days have left it to the teachers that those who want to go home can go and those who want to stay nearby. The secretariat will remain open, but the decision to suspend or continue the strike will be taken tomorrow.
He recalled that as a group of Sengbhalang, they had met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma in 2021 but as leaders they expressed their regret that they have not yet met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma. see any signal from the government to implement that demand.
Shillong, July 16: The state government has not yet decided on the date for the elections to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) on Tuesday.
Speaking to reporters, KDA President Starwin Kharjana said that according to the information, since the implementation of the PWD Act in 1995, only 15 people have been identified as PWD Act. out of 32,000 members, 10 members have been appointed to the government.
In the letter, the Lamphang said that in order to get faster reports regarding the testing and cases of Covid-19, it is necessary to install a True-Lab testing machine at Mairang civil hospital.
This weakness of the District Councils is due to the political power of the political parties especially the involvement of foreign political parties, which have been used to attract people or villagers from the state. turned back until the foundations of the Khasi rule were destroyed.
The survey in this regard is ongoing.
France has decided to slaughter all 600,000 cows in the country due to foot-and-mouth disease. So far, 200,000 cows have been slaughtered and the remaining 400,0 typically.
Dia Mirza will reportedly deliver a speech on a UN documentary titled 'Big Ocean States' in which she will talk about the need to protect the ocean states. life in the oceans as well as how to clean and improve the oceans which are the habitats of various species.
If you are not ready, don't follow others to get married soon.
You shall not spread it in public places.
What is shocking is that the Government claims that it has been able to raise money through the use of Aadhaar number, but the reason is that because people have been denied and deprived of their rights, it has provided assistance. Government funds are not available.
“These agents have forced the beneficiaries from poor families to pay a lot of money to get the scheme which is not costly for them.
He also demanded that the former Rangbah Shnong should immediately return all the money and they will lodge a complaint against him.
(Bah Pius Ranee is the Executive Director of NESFAS.
The inability to start coal mining with scientific equipment is a benefit to those who own large mines and those who can acquire small mines.
At present, many of the HSPDP leaders are still wondering how Bah Pangniang will act and said that if he does not listen, everyone will go their own way.
Mansuk M Kurbah scored 26 runs for Marbisu from 28 balls while Nangshai Nongpluh took four wickets for 13 runs in four overs for Nongdawah CC. Nongdawah CC scored 91 runs for the loss of four wickets in 9.2 overs while Nangshai Nongpluh who won the Player of the Match award scored 35 runs. Andy Alwin Dkhar took one wicket for 13 runs in 2.2 overs.
Earlier, the CEM said that the Executive Committee through a Public Notice dated 23rd July 2022 has announced that the Khasi Building and Structure Authority will start implementing the Meghalaya Building Bye-Laws 2021 from the date of its announcement. .
Shillong, Naitung 22: Earlier, there was a lot of speculation and discussion among many people that the People Democratic Forum (PDF) will soon become a political party. paw world before the 2018 elections.
The question here is very difficult to answer, because many of us human beings use and we desire it, for if we have wealth, we have all that we desire.
The first meeting was held by the RDA at Mawlong Market. Those who attended the meeting included Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP, Bah KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP. Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Mawkyrwat, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh and many other UDP and HSPDP leaders from Ri-Bhoi and other places.
In some cases, even reading begins to fail.
The DC Supply of East Jaintia Hills District, which has set up a Vigilance Committee, has set up a complaint regarding the shortage of ration. They led by the Secretary and Secretary Shnong, Bah Wellson RD Siangshai to convey this issue to the District Head.
Mbappe became only the fourth player to score more goals in France in five consecutive games, tying him with Carlos Bianchi, Delio Onnis and Jean-Pierre Papin.
On the other hand, u Mulieh promised to cooperate with the party in any area if they need assistance to meet with the Ministers of the state government or even the Prime Minister.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle strongly condemns the incident which happened at Mawlai Mawroh on the night of 17th July at 10.30 pm, when the vehicle of a HYC Seng Kmie leader was damaged by the border. They also damaged the wiper, side glass and all four wheels.
The day was marked by cultural items, prize giving, children's games and a football match between Officer's Club, Ranikor against Mulor in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs of Ranikor. T.10/- thousand and T.5/- thousand for the Officers' Club donated by the Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency.
Is there anything more precious to the Khasi people than these?
The BDO of Khlieh Riat accompanied by the Gramsevak visited Nongsning.
During the election, the people from the youth to the elderly and women came out to elect the new Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi.
He said that there are also some articles which write anti-national articles such as saying that they support the HNLC to come forward to stir up trouble in the state.
The money was donated to the family of (L) Arphi John Lamare who lost his life in the blast in Laskein Block.
“However, how can the NHM spend more than T.567 crore when the Central Government is still allocating only T.7.58 crore which is not even 10 percent of the State's share,” they asked.
“Therefore, our nation also has its own political history.
With 4/34 in the first innings, Shavian scored the highest match points of 7/56 and tied 74 runs.
Through this newsletter, the KSU brings you a brief explanation and explanation on the origin of this special day of the Khasi.
Speaking on the occasion, Shibun said the BJP has not yet taken any decision on the MP election because it wants to talk to the MDA. “We want to talk to the MDA,” said Shibun.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong has also banned all outdoor sports activities until further notice.
In the second innings, Arunachal played well in the opening innings with Techi Doria scoring 31 runs and Neelam Obi 26 runs.
At present, there are about 8 puh shilum vehicles and about 1100 workers involved in the work for the improvement of the roads, helicopters have been involved in carrying the The rainfall this year has been higher than in previous years.
He said that the influx of tourists has increased the employment opportunities in the village where many youths no longer need to go abroad in search of jobs but have started their own shops and other businesses. can earn.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Carry Oscar Kharmuti, Vice President of FKJGP, said that both the parties have unanimously agreed that from today onwards, they will allow the to open the machine.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District, has issued an order on the fare of local taxis, auto rickshaws, sumo, buses and mini buses. , SSTS, SPTS and SSPTS. The order issued by the District Magistrate, states that Local Taxis should carry only 3 passengers and should charge T.26 per 10 kilometers. 13 tyngka per kilometer, Sumos should carry only 7 passengers at T.2.05 per kilometer per person, Auto Rickshaws should carry only 2 passengers at T.14 per person. 10 kilometers and 6 tyngka per subsequent kilometre, while mini buses, buses, SSTS, SPTS and SSPTS should carry half of the usual amount and should not exceed 16 persons at T. 1.80 per kilometer per passenger.
Speaking on the occasion, MLA Jim Sangma expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister for fulfilling this long standing dream of the people of the area.
It is also the second time this season that India have been selected for the FIFAe Nations Cup.
Their son, Bah Stanley Nichols Roy, former MLA of the state, who passed away, took over from his father.
In 2018, although there were only four MLAs, there were two MLAs who became Ministers because at that time, the NPP had to be strong enough to the government.
Therefore, he urged the shopkeepers to keep the village, Umjaraiñ Market clean and not to discharge sewage into the river near the market and to build soakpits as they have done. They have built their own houses with the assistance of the government because even if they have to spend 2 or 3 thousand rupees, it will be a protection for this river from pollution.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The All Hynniewtrep People's United Front (AHPUF) wishes a Happy Behdeiñkhlam to the children of the Seiñraij Jowai especially to the children of Ñiamtre who hold the traditional religion and also to the children of Jaintia Hills as a whole.
He said Father Wollaston was born on November 11, 1902 in Akyab in what is now Myanmar.
These leaders were sworn in by Raymond Kharjana, Organizing Secretary of KSU Seng Kmie, along with Ferdinand Kharkamni President. James Hitler Mawphniang, Legal Affairs Secretary, KSU Nongpoh Circle, Leaders of KSU Nongpoh Circle and others. .
“We understand whether it is the load shading or the power outage, but as of now, the load shading has not been implemented until 5 pm. At 6 o'clock in the evening, the electricity was cut off and when it was cut off, it was cut off for many hours.
The West Bengal Forest Department said the lions were recently brought from Sepahijala Zoological Park in Tripura and the West Bengal government has not changed their names.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has suspended four of its members and also abolished the post of Adviser.
Police sources said that the robbers detonated a petrol bomb at the FCI grounds which damaged the trucks carrying rice with registration number AS 01 DC 6297 and AS 01 CG The fire was extinguished and the flames spread to other trucks.
The CM-SMS scheme includes four components, namely the establishment of a Transit Home for poor women, support for ANMs to ensure that there is proper public awareness on how to get protection. for mothers and children in the villages, to have a vehicle to take the poor mothers to PHCs, CHCs for treatment and also to honor the students or guardians who encouraged the family members to accompany these poor women and stay with them.
Therefore, the noble woman gave birth to the following children:-1
On the other hand, the residents who have been shocked by the immoral behavior of the company, in one voice, have called for the company to be shut down completely because of the lack of respect of the company for them. public residents.
On the other hand, the CM has called for talks with the political parties in Shillong on the 8th and 9th of July.
Ushered into a beautiful living room with expensive curtains and furnishings that filled the whole room“How are you doing at home?" asked Hiram's father"Yes, we are doing" she replied with “What are you doing?” asked Hiram's father. “Do I take the children's books at home?” “Do you mean you haven't finished your work yet?” he asked and sat down.
These include that photos/videos will be accepted only until 20th June
The committee also requests all the guests to respect the environment and to take responsibility for the Please follow along by collecting and disposing of garbage or waste resulting from the use of participants in the climb.
I don’t write teams every day.
The State will also have to pay T.5 lakh to the victim as compensation in addition to T.15 lakh from the fine.
“In fact, we were very happy at that time when the Minister promised to provide artificial turf.
He said that many development projects and this office has been successful thanks to the cooperation of the people and officers in which the Jirang area has improved in all aspects of development projects. The MLA also appealed to the people to continue to cooperate for the sake of bringing about many development projects in this area where the people still need to improve in their lives. man.
How much will it increase when Rs 500 crore has been spent without any implementation?
The Japanese work for any job, so they are not slaves anywhere.
(8) In Garo Hills, even if all the Congress leaders leave, it is impossible to imagine that the government will do anything wrong or do anything wrong. and the people have always changed their minds in any general election.
Through detailed information received from the intelligence agencies, the BSF troops who were stationed at the camp identified the vehicle and seized the vehicle after the driver and follower refused to failed to produce proper documents to transport the sugar.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 26 : The shooting death of five Khasi in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills has affected the peace and order of the people in the state. The market has also been affected not only in Ri Bhoi but also in the state as a whole.
“I see these tragedies happening almost every day.
“The VPP itself believes in Clean Politics, and we don't encourage or teach our supporters to do wrong,” said Bah Adelbert.
When this reporter visited the shops in Iewduh, he found that those who turned to the shops were those who came to buy milk, but after three hours the shops were not filled. more milk and in all the market there was no more milk.
In the men's 18 years and above category, Biness Kharlyngdoh came first, Jomsingstar Ramsiej came second and Willborn Wanniang came third.
The office bearers of the FKJGP Umlur Circle were confirmed by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh and the office bearers of the FKJGP Umlur Circle include Bah Ploster Thongni as President, Bah Robin Mawblei, Bah Tison Nongrang as General Secretary, Bah Tison Nongrang, Bah Tison Nongrang. as Vice-President and many members of the Circle.
On the same day, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh also inaugurated the Pahamsyiem Winter Fest 2022-23 organized by the Pahamsyiem Youth Association.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 362 new cases have been confirmed and 2353 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Marngar said that the party will visit these border areas to listen to the voices of the villagers in this area to prepare its own report.
Noting that revenue collection has dropped from T.600 crore to T.100 crore, Conrad said the Government's intention is to introduce Gaming Zones so that they can bring in revenue to the State.
Jrop said his intention to join the BJP is on the grounds that the party under the leadership of Narendra Modi has worked well in all the states.
We cannot even distinguish between good and what is the best of all.
It is for this reason that a Khasi woman who lost her body and carried a card, in those days when Bah Ardent President of the VPP was sitting on the floor, walked along the road and thnum alone and said “SHISH KA BEIJ U KHASOI NOW IS THE TIME DO NOT SHAH JEM AND AILOI, TO LIVE THE FUTURE OF THE CHILDREN OF THE KTOI ONG NGA ONG PHOI"
She said that the price of sohsaw has increased significantly this season, adding that if people want to increase the price of sohsaw, they should plant it in their own pots.
At present, vehicles have passed through the collapsed area at Rngaiñ and the cleaning of the road continues only in the evening. by afternoon.
In another development, Debabrata Saikia, Leader of the Opposition in the Assam Assembly, strongly condemned the Pakistan Zindabad slogan and demanded an immediate investigation into the gathering.
Meghalaya has welcomed any donation from other states or private individuals for the purpose of the National Games
According to Professor Ian Morgan, who led the study at the Australian National University, 20% to 30% of cases of blindness occurred among the people in South Asia.
Speaking about his journey to reach this difficult stage, the Bishop Elect said that his journey has been guided by God through the guidance of Mary Magdalene in every moment of his life. .
The basis was on the creation of an Autonomous State or Sub-state by the Government of India instead of a full state.
Pala said that their departure will affect the party, it is for this reason that they have not seen this, in which the party has worked hard to strengthen the party in all the areas. Districts and Constituencies and will continue to work hard to strengthen the Congress party in the state.
Meanwhile, two other synods, the KJP Synod Central at Mawpynthih and the Ri Bhoi Synod, held their public services at the rynsan which had been constructed despite the heavy rain.
The FKJGP has received many complaints from the people regarding the increase in the price of cows in Khasi Jaintia, which has caused a lot of trouble to the people. , because as it is now, many of the people do not eat beef.
The young man's introduction lasted 2 weeks.
It can be said that the poverty and greed of some women has led them to commit crimes and encouraged men to commit violence against women.
On the opening ceremony, Mukul said that the government's work is now related to agriculture and livestock.
In another match, NEHU Shillong beat Synod College 1-0
“Now it's a struggle,” said Kong Toi on July 23 while answering questions on the show cause notice issued by the Social Welfare Department.
A quiz competition was also held by the Seiñ Raij Nangbah.
Our people are humble.
However, we must not misunderstand and be deceived by those who misinterpret the Word of God.
Shillong, July 10: Two girls suspected of having involvement in a paramaki youth gathering, have fled their home until their relatives have lodged a complaint with the police.
Speaking at the World Literature Day celebration, Prof Laloo said the main reason for celebrating this day is to send all children to school. who did not have the opportunity to go to school.
“Those who came to power in 2014, whether they will still come to power in 2024? I want all the opposition parties to unite in
He said that the presence of this health center will help the people and the neighboring villagers as well as the market residents. He said that another Urban Health Center will soon be opened at Mihmyntdu WJHD. health facilities from rural areas to reduce the incidence of disease.
During the visit to the Sadar Police Station, only the leaders of the association were allowed to enter the grounds to meet the police.
In the presence of General Secretary, HNYF Northern Region, Bah Edelbert Nongrum, Assistant Secretary, Bah Donroy Kshiar, Kong Beti Jyrwa, President of HNYF Women Wing and other leaders. These leaders were also approved to take over the responsibility as the leaders of the Unit to look after the welfare of the people in the village.
“According to our MoU, the boundaries (Survey of India) will be set and after that the soskular will be completed,” Sarma said.
Ranjith also condemned the Sri Lankan government for not doing anything even after receiving information from the Indian authorities before the incident.
Bah Tynsong urged the students who attended the meeting to turn away from a friend who has been destroying and destroying all their goals and objectives especially their education.
“I personally feel that if we have to reconcile with the INDIA Block, it should be done only in the big states like Assam and West Bengal and not in the small states like Meghalaya.
Out of the 1,750 cases, East Khasi Hills has 1,118 cases including 52 Armed Forces personnel and 1066 civilians. There are 5 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 154 cases in West Jaintia Hills district, 15 cases in West Jaintia Hills district, 216 cases in East Jaintia Hills district and 173 cases in West Garo district including 39 armed persons. forces and 115 civilians, 22 cases in South West Garo Hills, 3 cases in South Garo Hills, 11 cases in East Garo Hills and 24 cases in North Garo Hills.
They informed that this year's Ri Bhoi Day celebration will be held in all four blocks of Ri-Bhoi including Bhoirymbong Block, Umsning Block, Umling Block and Jirang Block. Besides the celebration of Ri Bhoi Day, there will also be a celebration of World Environment Day.
Babylon has many idols, and they pray to a god who cannot save.
Shillong, June 17 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that they may meet this month to discuss the implementation of the Roster System.
The training was held at the auditorium hall of the college.
What good is it for us to say, 'These are my children' when even we ourselves do not understand the role of parents?
In a statement, the KSU Central Body, Donald V Thabah, Education Secretary, has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident.
Audrey R. Marak, Asst Teacher, Govt.
He said that if the Bill is passed, it will destroy the Garo community like the tribal community in Tripura where the government in Tripura is led by the BJP led by a Bangladeshi.
The film is scheduled to be screened on 26th March in three screenings, at 12 noon, followed by 3:30 pm and 7:00 pm and on March 27, 2013, it was scheduled to be shown only in two performances, at 3:30 pm and 7:00 pm.
Here the discrepancy between the ancient thought and the present world is clearly evident.
The number of new cases of coronavirus in India has risen sharply in the past 24 hours to less than 20,0
Sometimes when we talk about the issue of corruption, everyone says that it is only the leaders or those leaders of the candidates or MLAs and also the government ministers who are in office but this is not the case as everyone thinks. .
Here we will not specifically mention or discuss any of the miracles recorded in the four Gospels.
Jowai, March 19 : The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
To be a contribution to the rights of those with disabilities.
Marcosh N Marak 3, K Pajat, 4.
Shillong, Nailur 11: If the government and the department continue to reopen, the union will not hesitate to take stronger measures, said D.Sun president of WKSU. Shillong, Nailur 11: Ka Khasi Authors' The Society (KAS) has celebrated the Literary Day by holding a discussion on the theme “Knowledge of the Khasi”.
The ceremony was held at TRYSEM Hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
The students have met with the Principal of the College Rev Br Dr Albert Dkhar to express their grievances against the urgent order of the College.
Try to eat sying during meals as it helps a lot with gastro intestinal problems, pain when you are sick including constipation.
Regarding the NHAI's earthquake in this area, in the past few months, I have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, for the purpose of stopping the earthquake in this area, by showing the “After a temporary complaint, the earthquake was stopped, but after a while, the pork continued and this caused the house to collapse,” said the Rangbah. .
Other issues such as the beautification of the Wahumkhrah search area, the improvement of the construction of housing in the city, and others were discussed at the meeting.
Dibanson Thabah scored three goals for Lamlynti SC in the 7th and 25th minutes and Pynche Khyllaitha in the 69th minute.
Earlier, the government said that it has now taken strict measures to curb the smuggling of illegally mined coal and to ensure that there will be no forgery of documents. to carry illegally mined coal by showing that it is coal obtained from elsewhere.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad congratulated the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society and the Meghalaya Canoe Association for their contribution to the development of rafting and canoeing in the country. State.
The three students from AISPETC who passed the first round of the Civil Services Examination are Nidakyrkhu Dkhar, Ammiel Azareel Syiem and Thomas Edison Sumer.
Shillong, Nailur 15: A few days ago, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through the Trade Department, visited Majai and Ichamati to collect trade licenses from foreigners who sell goods in these two markets.
Former US President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle Obama were also present at the swearing-in ceremony.
Ma Soolangki Laloo, one of the residents suggested to promote the indigenous games of Jaintia Hills through the Sports Department and to hold competitions on them.
They also strongly criticized the MLAs from Khasi Jaintia Hills by saying whether they are more peaceful or more peaceful than the people.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has announced the benefits and implementation of the schemes introduced by the Central Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi through the media. and preparations for holding elections in Rajasthan later this year, party leaders said.
In the past few months, 13 political parties in the state have held various protests to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state to curb the entry of foreigners.
He said that the appointment of Casual Drivers, Casual Peons and Personal Peons also affects the budget of the District Council.
He just announced in the Jan election that he has done what he has done for all 5 years for the teachers and he has become the puppet speaker of Conrad.
JOWAI: The Director of Jowai Diocese, Rev. Father Manbha Pakem has invited all the young men and women of the Diocese of Jowai to participate in the Convention. , which will start on the 10th and end on the 12th of this month at Umkiang Village, Umkiang Parish, East Jaintia Hills District.
“We will continue to proclaim the life of him. The seeds he has planted and the ideas he has laid will continue to live and bear fruit,” said the statement.
I firmly believe in the power of prayer and to always turn to God for all these things.
The Behdienkhlam festival of the Seiñraij Ïalong started on the 8th of July with various rituals performed by the Langdoh along with the Wasan, Maji and Sangot.
“We also urge those who participated to take responsibility that the allocation process should not be biased,” said the leader. “The FKJGP demands that the MDA Government should resolve the issue. The State Reservation Policy should be amended so that the allocation will be based on the population ratio.
“According to the reports we have received and according to the videos we have received, we have investigated where there is a traffic jam and why there is a traffic jam. The DC said that the implementation of the Odd-Even System is only an attempt in the coming months and it will be looked into. Whether this implementation will reduce the traffic jam and if it does it will be fully implemented, but if it doesn't help we will try to find other suitable ways even if it has to affect private vehicles. too.
Emphius Nongrum came first in the men's category in 1 hour 20 minutes and Enifer Nongkynrih in the women's category in 2 hours 38 minutes.
Therefore, I urge the people of Khasi Hills to think for us if we get more land to live in Bangladesh,” said Bah Shalomar.
He said that this Act will be like inviting people to come to work in the state, which will affect the villagers.
She scored 22 points from eight games.
Chandan Jindal, from Punjab, suffered a stroke and was admitted to hospital for some time.
Furthermore, the Dorbar Shnong Tympang, Iawmusiang Jowai has distributed food items to 41 poor families within the boundary of the village.
Therefore, I believe that all the works are going smoothly and that they will be completed before the end of this year,” he said.
The tournament was held at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf Polo, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Josaiah Shadap, Vice President of the Mawtneng Youth Association, said that the youths of the village have strongly opposed the complaint lodged by the Rangbah Shnong. , she complained only to the Rangbah Shnong, because he is the Rangbah Shnong who stands on the ground and listens to the voice of the people.
The state government should not be too lenient or strict when implementing the law to maintain peace and order.
The Governor said the government has implemented the Early Childhood Development Mission to 5630 Aganwadi Centers benefiting 50,000 children and 9,000 poor women and has upgraded 2148 Aganwadis. center.
The BJP has sent an inquiry to the Disciplinary Committee and found that the two men were involved in taking the money as a gift.
A Delhi court on Thursday extended the remand till July 2 for AAP leader Manish Sisodia in connection with a corruption case from the Excise branch.
If there is injustice, he calls us to humble ourselves and change our minds.
Therefore, regarding the forced establishment of a police station by Assam in this area, the Union urges all the Sengbhalang in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, to take action against this. You have been appointed by the Government of Assam.
Jowai, June 04: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today. .
Chad Sukra is a festival which is held every year before the sowing of seeds in the fields, but this time it has brought with it rain to calm the weather.
The KSU said it will soon send another letter to the district administration demanding an independent investigation.
The Advocate General said that the State has already amended some of the provisions of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules, 2016 to address the shortcomings in these Rules.
Samuel also played for Mawlai Sports Club in the Shillong Premier League last season but left half-time without being able to play for the club until the end of the season. Mawlai SC has won the Shillong Premier League 2021-2
One of the senior leaders of the party, while talking to Rupang, said “suspension” and when asked whether there is a clear sign from Delhi, whether the BJP will nominate a candidate. or em, but he said, "I'll see you tomorrow.
The Secretary of the Hima Nonglang, Bah Birbor Riangtem, on Tuesday, after receiving a complaint from the children of the raïot in Malchapara, went to the village to investigate. The Assam Police have arrested the residents of the village in the evening.
The MDA Government today approved the Cabinet meeting to pass an Ordinance to abolish the Khalai Act in the state. This law is in violation of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
The Secretary General of the Lok Sabha, SBal Shekar, has announced the removal of these two MPs and has informed the Election Commission of India to take the necessary action to fill the posts. three seats in the Lok Sabha.
Shillong, Nailar 18: Sankardev College Shillong on Friday honored the traffic police, employees of the Shillong Municipal Board and the Trained Nurses Association of India. They have left for the community especially during the time of the spread of Corona Virus and also as part of the celebration of the 60th Anniversary of the foundation.
East Khasi Hills District has 129 new cases while Ribhoi District has
I believe it is time for us to ask why all the countries of the world give jait to the man, not to the woman? i would like to go deeper and that is to address the root that makes and manifests the fruits i mentioned above:I find that all the countries of the world all have their own traditions and most of these These customs came about through the beliefs that did not exist between the country and their people.
Besides, the Republic Day celebration was reported to have gone smoothly without any incident.
According to Dr Donkupar, within these three years, these three members, Bah Teinwel, Bah Paul and Bah Titossterwell, will replace each other.
Other speakers were Teibormi Kyndiah, Child Protection Officer, South West Khasi Hills District and Shankurpar S. Kurbah, Labor Inspector, South West Khasi Hills District.
Members of the party in this third raid have arrested 22 persons including 18 men and 4 women. Most of those arrested are Khasi but there are some Khasi.
“The department has tried to resolve the problems related to the distribution of drinking water to the people of the state.
The party has announced that Shanti Jiban Chakma will be its candidate for the 36-A/C Tuichawng constituency.
Does it sit right? Why do they have to be like those who don't get to eat even once a day? Homes with at least 5 acres of land, having a home of1000 square feet; those who have 100 square feet houses and others no longer fall under the reserve because they are no longer backward and poor in income.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Ri Bhoi District, has fully confirmed the office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District. Many of the villages are located on the border with Assam.
Police said that Ahidul, last night, was walking around and tried to stab the people in Nadichar.
The Daribok tourist attraction and the road from Oragitok to Daribok have attracted more visitors to the area and at the same time, it has allowed the residents to open up livelihood opportunities.
Shillong, Iaiong 8: U Rupang today received information that there has been a shocking incident involving all the Christians, in which on Sunday the 5th of this month. On the day of the Resurrection of Christ, several people left a leaflet at the Presbyterian Church in Baniun. Upper Shillong.
To ensure the implementation of the JJM scheme. To make the entire Jowai constituency a waste-free constituency.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of Elections, Khliehriat on Tuesday held a Cycle Rally to raise awareness and encouragement among the residents. village especially new voters to participate in the voting or election.
“While I was cleaning the khwai equipment, I saw this. Suddenly, the time came and with courage I couldn't help but throw myself into the pond just to rescue the old man. “I am happy that I was able to catch the man safely and after the people who were present at the scene started to help me, I left the scene,” said Samla Beholden Dkhar.
The Government of Meghalaya should not surprise the people now.
“The Congress party is a party that respects all the ethnic groups, the minorities and the voters of the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and Tura Parliamentary Constituency have been aware of the decision taken and the actions of the state government. As a party we have to work hard and we will not be stingy, we will encourage the party workers to campaign for the elections and request everyone to join the BJP. Congress party," said U Ma Pala.
If such accusations arise, it is no longer appropriate to blame anyone else, whether the giver or the receiver.
In a petition to the Minister, Bah Shullai requested that the Ministry should implement only 0.25 percent of the STR to help reduce the shortage of rent.
The wildlife seized and the vehicle were handed over to the Customs Preventive Force, Champhai for further investigation.
The two-day training program started today, October 12, 2024 and will end tomorrow, October 13,
Some of the demands include the new salary and arrears of 12481 SSA teachers which they should have received from April 2016 according to the order issued by the Commissioner and Secretary of the State Education Department who is also the State Mission Director. SEMAM, the salary of 1521 4th teachers in the state which has been pending since 2013 and to resolve the issues of the result.
There were also patriotic songs, information competition, which made the day more interesting and the winners of the competition were Bah Returnwell Sutong, Bah Steward Kharkongor and Bah Balajieid Malngiang.
Mugabe's wife, Gucci Grace, is said to have a fortune of £1 billion, which she accumulated during her husband's presidency.
Chutwakhu won by 47 runs.
On the other hand, the MLA expressed his regret over this incident and urged the Prime Minister's Office to provide special assistance or compensation to the family.
At least 1500 students including those who want to enter the college marched from the college to the DC Office and also near the residence of the Deputy Chief Minister. , RC Laloo, who is also the Minister of Education.
Therefore, Bah Angelus Sun Rangbah Shnong has called a meeting on 4/5/2022 to arrange for the election of office bearers in the village but it has not reached anywhere and on this day it has failed. The meeting to form the EC of the village has been rescheduled for 7/05/2022. We are happy that on this day it was held smoothly without any disturbance except for the disputes. Tony Shylla has been appointed as the Secretary of the village and 10 other members including the Head of the Village.
Jeremiah 51:20–23.
It has been witnessed time and time again, beautiful, amazing tourist attractions like mountains, natural reserves, caves and ancient treasures are becoming more and more visible these days through the initiative of individuals, groups, and sometimes communities.
$15,000 ITF men, Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand: Singles (first round): Pawit Sornlaksup (Tha) defeated Abhinav Sanjeev Shanmugam 6-4, 6-2; Manish Sureshkumar defeated Blake Bayldon (Aus) 6-3, 6-2
The MOTHER App, which collects information on poor mothers, has encouraged many mothers to give birth at health centers and this has helped significantly to reduce the number of mothers. The maternal mortality rate (MMR) is the number of deaths during childbirth.
This was announced by the MFA officials led by Bah SS Rapthap as Secretary, while talking to this media today.
Launching the Mission to provide financial assistance to 5500 poor households in the constituency, Bah Lambor Malngiang has completed the distribution of 200 households in Madanriting. which has 7 blocks on Saturday.
We are easy to get along with and are keen to ensure that such problems are resolved.
The CSWO said that the engineer has told the Rangbah Shnongs that they will now go and measure every meter and the residents should pay in addition to the money they have already burnt.
I confirm that this Land Registration process in Karbi Anglong Assam is not of their own free will, but without being forced and understood3
For more information, please read the report entitled 'Land tenure system in Meghalaya: a literature review' by Jakrimre Momin and Bhogtoram Mawroh on the NESFAS website. The 2019 Citizen's Report on Unregulated Coal Mining in Meghalaya is a publication that can help in understanding the change in land tenure (ie, from village ownership to private ownership).
He recalled that on 17th July 2018, he had sent a petition to Narendra Modi and Amit Shah regarding his opposition to CAB and support for the implementation of ILP. Student Square, which was attended by about 80,000 people, said yes, don't go, Bah Sanbor.
He soon gave up that idea also, but he continued to study.
“Because it is a temporary market and there are many negotiations, it took time to reopen it,” he said.
The Serampur Mission left Ri Khasi in 1838 and the attempt to start writing Khasi literature in Bengali script failed.
This road near the Syrbang Bridge in Sutnga District as it is now is filled with soil and there are also heavy stones along the road which can fall on the road at any time. .
On the illegal money collection gates across the state, Charles said, “The opposition will continue to urge the state government to take immediate action to remove the illegal money collection gates across the state”.
Shillong, July 18: Different units of the KSU Mawlai Circle have decided to support the decision of the KSU Mawlai Circle to expel the President of the KSU Mawlai Circle, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh.
Shortly after Zenithsky's apology, Lamphang sought a comment from the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on this.
“In 2023-24, we will start construction of the aquatic complex; Olympic sized swimming pool, and tennis courts in Shillong at a cost of T.50 crore.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, congratulated the Minister in charge of PHE, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar and all the officers and staff of the PHE Department. PHE department, for this scheme which was laid the foundation stone today.
At this programme, the President of the ST Morcha, Rikman G Momin, honored the leading members of the ST Morcha, the presidents of the district and district committees and welcomed them to the house of the ST Morcha. tyndai of your organization.
The Working President, UDP was informed that the KHADC authorities have passed three BILLS in 2006, 2016 and 2018 to establish the Council of Rulers from Village, Raid to Hima.
The union also said that wild animals have damaged up to 500 fish farms worth up to 10 lakh tyngka in Pynursla area.
Roy said that out of the 1,100 injured, less than 200 are still being treated in many hospitals.
The RAM also invites the leaders of STIEH and HNYF (Women's Wing) as well as Pastor Dunai, Adelbert Nongrum and Allantry Dkhar to attend.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, one new case has been confirmed today while five cases have recovered.
Meanwhile, the protesters said that the allegation that these youths intend to burn down the bridge in Wah Umler is completely wrong and unfounded. However, it is only a mistake by the Assam Police and those who have taken advantage of the recent incident at Jatalong.
“Not a single NPP MLA will leave the party because in the last mid-term elections, the NPP has won in all three constituencies despite criticism and criticism that it is leading the party. “It shows that the people have confidence in the NPP,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
“As the party, we demand that these political appointees should be removed immediately,” said the VPP leader in a letter to the Prime Minister.
These forests witness the age of the trees planted since ancient times, and there is also a strong prohibition from the villagers who warn the villagers not to remove or cut down the trees in this forest because there is the agreement with Suidnoh who was the Ryngkew chief of this place.
When asked whether the disease has spread to other parts of the state, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said, “Until now, the disease has been witnessed only in the northern part of Garo Hills. the disease is only found in tropical areas.
The most important thing for us to make a difference is to start with ourselves, whether it is a small or large business.
Ma Vincent H Pala gave a certificate to the Star Cement Factory that the death of fish in Wah Lukha was not caused by this factory.
Hek said the government has allowed only taxis and autorickshaws to operate, but buses will not be allowed to operate.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Rocky Hek appealed to the people of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency to support him in the upcoming elections and promised to look after the welfare and needs of the people of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. the whole village.
Although India won 69 medals on the second day, the next day it reached 81 (18 gold, 31 silver and 32 bronze) medals. hold the basaw rank.
“Furthermore, Bah Prestone said that the government and the police department will not rest to fight against the illegal smuggling and trade of coal in the state.
This is the problem that Meghalaya faces from one election to another.
The SDO has directed the ration shops to take the names of the ration card holders and the card number of the ration consumers.
With a view to the development of the Northeast, Japanese Prime Minister Kishida said during his visit to Delhi in October 2023 that he also announced the Bay of Bengal North East India to turn to the Bay of Bengal as one to develop and connect this region to increase income.
Speaking to the audience, Dr. Mukul Sangma, first of all, expressed his happiness to be able to attend this special day for the people of Ri Bhoi Mihngi, because that they have received their own C&RD Block.
The Bhoi Police could not reach the scene, as it was too far away, and the DGP sent Nongmynsong Police and SOT to come and assist them at that time.
There have been 110 deaths, 3,959 confirmed cases and 306 recoveries in different states. pain.
This school was established in 1956 and has been serving for more than 50 years, and many young people of the area have received education through this school,” he said.
Meanwhile, in Mawlai Constituency, the contest was between KHNAM candidate Process T Sawkmie, former Mawlai MLA, Teibor Pathaw, Congress candidate supported by former Mawlai MLA Founder S Cajee and UDP candidate Bad Gervasis Kharmujai was supported by Mawlai MLA Embhah Syiemlieh.
When asked about the attacks on Christians in Assam, the BJP-ruled state, Bah Shangpliang said he would not comment on this, as they are still in the midst of preparing for the elections in the state. opinion before the elections in this state.
The Sohkha Mission Village Durbar on the 22nd distributed the foodgrains to all the residents of the village which was donated by the MDC of War Central, Ma Holando Lamin.
At the same time, the Nongrum Kur has informed the public that regarding the Lineage Bill and Clan Bill, the Kur has not yet taken any decision and has not joined any Kur Union.
“Exit and entry depends on the person and nothing can be done," she said.
At the same time, Generous said that the union will hold a meeting tomorrow to discuss whether to start selling beef after more than 10 months.
At the same time, the number of cows that have fully recovered from the disease is 3279 cows.
It is very sad, because with this incident, the state has had to suffer damage such as the burning of churches, vehicles, and especially when the sound of gunfire has shocked the society as a whole.
“The government gives reasons to pay salaries to the employees because it doesn't have the money. How else does the NPP have enough money to form the party in different parts of the country and contest elections,” said Bah Samborlang.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Naba Bhattacharjee, said that the District Associations affiliated to the Meghalaya Cricket Association have worked hard to improve the quality of the players. He also stressed that the team should play well and be respectful and polite as they are the spokespersons of the King of Meghalaya.
Kynsaibor from Mawkyrwat won the 51 kg category which is also his first match for the tournament.
“We cannot remain silent on these activities of Assam to cross the border to bring development projects to the border of Meghalaya and for this reason as the party from the beginning we have gone to stop the border crossing of Assam. “The Assam government has not listened to us,” said the HANM leaders from Ri Bhoi, adding that according to information received, the Assam government is still implementing the remaining works. “The Meghalaya government has not taken any action to talk about the border crossing with Assam,” they said.
Shillong: U Clement Marak, MLA of the Congress from Salsella constituency, passed away in New Delhi this morning.
The meeting was attended by the Longkmie of the Union including Mary Lynshiang, Secretary SSLS, Bah Kobring Jyrwa, Rangbah Shnong of Lumdiengngan, Bah Nowel Sumer, Rangbah Shnong of Wahmyntait, and others. other other.
Murmu received 2,161 votes or 5,77,777 votes, while Yashwant Sinha received 1,058 votes or 2,61,062 votes.
These employees also include several officers and employees in charge of machinery.
On the other hand, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that the government has abolished the appointment of contractors in government departments but these nine persons have been appointed earlier.
Many civil society groups and various groups came to support the VPP. One of the Hills State soldiers, Bah Ronsing Nongkynrih, was also present. He also came to support the protest of Bah Ardent.
The furnace used for this household was obtained from the company of Messrs. Arthur Butler & Co.
The electricity bill we pay every month but the electricity bill is not enough.
He said the Government urges groups and organizations whether they are foreign organizations or local youth organizations not to do anything too much, but to allow the law to work. and the law will forgive no one, so refrain from trying to set fire to the scene.
The woman, who lives in Nongryngkoh, West Jaintia Hills, was shot dead by Marbud Pakem, 40, on the 27th of this month and died at NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong today.
"Let the teaching of the old teacher to the child be the teaching of this age of greed, gluttony and selfishness - whether it is for children, young people and the elderly.
The Seng said that it stands with the youth of the country to defend their right to demand the abolition of this scheme.
The story of the show is taken from the book written by Gaston Leroux and although in the past years many people have been buying tickets for the show but gradually the number of spectators has started to decrease. and also affect producers.
This is after the Commission has examined more than 53 to 55 witnesses and collected documents as witnesses from Assam.
It also condemned SR Sen's statement in the form of a religious judgment against the Constitution of India.
At the public meeting of the AJMRW&LU which was inaugurated by Comingone Ymbon, Minister of Fisheries and others in his speech, he promised that by the month of November this year all the arrears of the Muster Roll workers will be released. which they are yet to receive from various government agencies.
Pangniang said that when the Prime Minister arrives, he will meet with him to inform him of this especially as the Chairman of MDA-II. According to the MDA, this is enough as it was done with the Gaming Act because the synrop group is also a way to raise the issues of the people as put forward in the election.
“If we allow the government to treat the Lokayukta like this, tomorrow no one will be able to work in this body and the loss will be to the state,” said Dr. Batskhem.
He said that according to the letter sent by the KHADC, the proposal should not be completed at any time and there is no requirement to send a report to the Council, but it has been left to the Seng to codify. he customs.
She said that we should always trust foods that have the Symbol Plus F (+F) in blue which proves that they are safe to eat. Those who do not have this Plus F symbol, can lodge a complaint or approach the officers of the department in charge to resolve this issue.
Bah Dhar also expressed his pride in Jaintia Hills which has produced many prominent sports stars who have led the state and the country.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the 18 new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 15, SGH: 1 and WJH:
Artificial Intelligence has emerged in which humans no longer need to use their own brains.
In South Garo Hills, 20 cases, 19 cases in South West Garo Hills, 91 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 21 cases in Balat, 5 cases in Marshilong and 54 cases in Shngimawlein.
He married the CAPF from Punjab in 2018 and received T.10 lakh from her.
The crimes that have to be reported to the MPDA are crimes that aim to take human life, and other crimes that affect other people or the community, said Dr. Fenela.
Nongtraw said the police can admit that they have won the insurgency in Garo Hills, but the fighting with the HNLC is not according to the police's views and the HNLC has said that it can commit any act of violence. The HNLC wants to show that it can carry out terrorist attacks in any place it plans despite the presence of security forces.
Although Meghalaya wants to produce athletes to participate in the Olympics, the Prime Minister said, “It is necessary that all those involved in sports should work hard and the Meghalaya government has a role to play. to honor all the players to encourage and recognize their hard work to reach the goal of victory.
For this purpose, the Central Government has spent T, 1,06,004 crore.
He said that out of the 65 percent of the people who came to witness the festival, about 65 percent were from abroad and this shows how popular the festival is to attract people from all over the country. It is a great victory for the state.
Speaking to reporters, MSOA Working President John F Kharshiing, Australian Olympian Ian Campbell, Isawanda Laloo IAS, Director Sports & Youth Affairs.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the PMGKAY scheme for the month of February 2022 has been distributed to all the households under the PMGKAY scheme. The NFSA (AAY & PHH) will be held from the 4th of this month to the 15th of June.
KSU Leader Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet said, “Although the Legislative Assembly has already passed the resolution, we have not seen any signs that the Central Government has passed the resolution. Delhi under the leadership of the BJP to take action on this issue, especially the ILP. We have taken this opportunity to carry placards and we are grateful that we have been able to talk face to face with the Union Minister who said that he understands the feelings of us paid riewlum and he said that he will The news was brought to Delhi.
The reason is that Meghalaya falls in the Seismic Zone
The Bible says that in the last days before the coming of Jesus, people will be like the days of Noah and as it was in the days of Noah, so it will be at the coming of the Son of Man. (Jesus).
Speaking to media, u Bah Sawkmie said that he will remain with the Congress party until the end of his term but as soon as the end of his term he will take a decision. to fight from one party.
The following are some of the duties of MLAs: The people should demand various policies and laws for the State.
Shillong: Has the promise from the mouth of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, convinced the Adhoc teachers to end their strike? The decision to stop or continue their strike will be taken today.
Therefore, the special allocation for them in employment, education and the allocation of seats in the Legislative Assemblies is for one reason, to enable them to lead on their own and to communicate. to have the opportunity to participate in the administration, to administer the affairs and to make laws for their own welfare and the welfare of the country.
Aloe Vera contains compounds known as Aloemin which promote hair growth, contain chemicals related to Keratin, besides rejuvenating the hair with their own nutrients, they can also release u shniuh from pain and helps to cleanse the face.
There are villages that have done this and the managers there get their own price.
The party is only a party and everyone has the right to join and everyone has the opportunity to join.
We will see whether the BJP will punish Bidhuri, or promote him to the Cabinet,” said Ali.
Dr. Nonglait expressed his regret that the Central Government has sent Governors who do not speak English, while most of the people here do not understand Hindi.
Pala said the entry of foreigners and the border dispute are more worrying.
Fourth round (after 15 days):- Repeat the skum (at this time the skum has started to rot into compost) in the same way.
The resurrection of the Lord Jesus from the dead took place on Sunday.
She said the NPP under the leadership of National President Conrad K Sangma has introduced programs to benefit the people like Focus and Focus +, which have benefited 3.1 lakh farmers.
“If she is removed, we are afraid that the measures taken by her to restructure the department will disappear. officers should be 3 years" he said.
The BJP wants to introduce this VAC because it wants the development to go faster and reach the rural villages.
Shillong: Dr Teibor Rymbai, of Bethany Hospital, wrote on his Facebook page, “To all my patients, family and friends as well.
“He said that although the party has done as well as it can for Bah Shangpliang, in the end it is up to him.
On the other hand, some teachers said that the MBOSE examination fees have been too low and the MBOSE examination fees have been unfair because the MBOSE has set them earlier. questions but it instead leads to confusion in the exam.
The CORP met with Bah Doloi, who said that there are only four quarries and four crushers named after his children and wife, but there are also others who own from Jirang. hi.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday ordered the temporary closure of the Rani Motors Showroom in Mawblei after a person who tested positive for COVID-19 entered the showroom.
“I will allocate funds to build a gravel road up to the school grounds and pave a bridge to the upper floor," he said.
However, he expressed doubt that the project will be completed within the target time of
Ten years after the purchase of the house, they moved into their own home.
It will be a great blessing for Meghalaya and the North East as a whole in terms of adequate health facilities like other health facilities in the cities of the country. India on Saturday inaugurated the new ARHI Multi Super Specialty Hospital at Mawsmai, Ri Bhoi District.
Bah Michael said that if we want the nation to be strong, we have to strengthen our income.
Holding any public speeches or public events related to the election is prohibited.
The Tournament Committee has decided to continue the second semi-final on the 30th of October between YFC Trangblang and Thun FC at 2 pm.
During the visit, accompanied by Speaker Metbah Lyngdoh, Sangma invited Narendra Modi to attend the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya on 21st July
I believe you have understood.
Only the public meetings related to the Lok Sabha elections, 2024 have been released after receiving permission from the SDO (Election) Office Sohra.
Alphonsush R Marak, while saying that this issue is important to discuss in the dorbar, said, “We have brought this issue for discussion because it has been demanded not only by the Opposition but by the people of all parts of the country. the villages of Garo Hills as well as various groups.
Meanwhile, Israeli military sources said that about 222 people have been abducted since the clashes broke out on 7 March.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah KW Marbaniang, Secretary Health and Family Welfare, Dr. ADkhar, Director Health Services, MCH&FW and Dr. MK Marak, Director Health Services, MI Shillong, Naitung 11: The MLA of Nongthymmai constituency, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday said that students who are good at sports should also count their marks when they enter school.
According to Rangbah Kwor, the invasion of the Khasi Hills by the French has affected the Khasi Hills because he has changed the religion, but fortunately, God still loves the country and the Khasi people. The faith of the Khasi has not disappeared to this day.
There have been 82 recoveries in the state today including 46 cases in East Khasi Hills including 24 high risk cases, one ILI case, 2 SARI cases, 5 cases from the Armed Forces. One Police Personnel, 2 Health Workers, 1 from Demseiniong Cluster, 1 from Golflink Cluster, 1 from Lumparing Cluster, 2 from Madanrting Cluster, 2 from Mawprem Cluster and 4 from Nongrah Cluster.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pius Marweiñ expressed his gratitude to the MDA government for allocating special funds for the repair of government schools as well as for the reconstruction of 11 government schools in the district. to build or repair through the Infrastructure Upgradation Project of the State Government as he has a spiritual desire as a leader to bring about many changes in relation to education, knowledge, development and rights. many areas to shape the region to bring about change.
Nongkrem MLA Lambor Malgniang has expressed his dissatisfaction with the CBI investigation into the Mukroh incident as it will take time.
Shillong, June 17 : The National People's Democratic Front (NPP) on Monday said that no decision has been taken on the talks with the People's Democratic Front (PDF) to join the NPP. it’s still going on and like I said, there’s no final decision yet.
In the midst of this increasing anxiety, there are three types of aspects that arise.
Drugs are drugs that work well and because they are expensive, poor youths cannot use them unless they get them from friends who are willing to spend money on them. your part.
Umkiang village is located on the border of Bangladesh and Assam, where many people have entered the village especially the BSF, who have been transferred from abroad.
“In this programme, the participants gathered together to discuss the status of the Constitution of 26th November 1949, when the Constituent Assembly passed the Constitution of India. you are the ruler of India.
He said that the delay in the construction of the Smart Road in Lachumiere is due to lack of land and the Government is looking into the project.
He said that all car manufacturing factories should strictly follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
TSA President and Secretary Kitbok Rymbai and SS Langi in a statement said that the MFA and TSA are two voluntary sports associations registered under the Society Act 1860/1 The affiliation of TSA and MFA is only (1) To participate in tournaments organized by the MFA (2) To sit in the General Meeting MFA (3) Only to vote in elections Both of us stand on our own feet and the MFA doesn't give us a penny, but the TSA gives us a penny every year. Rs1000/2000 per annum.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, has been guarded by the police, and has caused a stir among the pedestrians and ministers of the Hima. There is no evidence that there has been any incident at the office, but the truth is that the police have been deployed, because there are groups of ministers against the Syiem, who have visited the office today, from the office. to discuss the state of Khadar rule in the Hima in these days.
Speaking to reporters at his office at the Secretariat, BJP MLA and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, said that the Roster System is a hot topic. , in which he said that the BJP leaders have discussed this.
Doctors have prescribed Stem Cell Therapy to Ivoreen and through watching videos on YouTube, she has accepted this treatment.
If the same people and party win again this time, it means that the election of MLAs to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has not changed at all in the minds of the people except for a few. In the urban and rural areas, if it is the voice as it has been heard, while in the rural areas, it will be difficult, although the clear decision will be made on the day of the counting of votes.
In the past few months, when the State Government intends to pass the MRSSA Act, it has been seen that there have been various protests and oppositions, because it intends to restrict the freedom of movement. Foreigners and even the Governor, do not accept the opinion of the State Government and this is the issue, which the people of Ri Thor, will create opportunities to create obstacles to the laws of Meghalaya, because After being banned from traveling to Nagaland, Mizoram, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh, they saw that only Meghalaya would be their paradise.
This happened after two female doctors of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society including the Project Director and Deputy Director were insulted and insulted by the Registrar of IIPH. Head of the Directorate of Health Service (MI) which is responsible for all Medical Institutions in the State.
As political figures, they should be more visionary than others.
“We have lost a leader who is like a leader, a man who stands on a firm foundation and no one can change his mind.
The purpose of the site is to be used as a crematorium for the children of the religion, also known as the Kpep.
In connection with the seizure of gold biscuits, Police who conducted a search on vehicles on Umsning Road in implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC), have seized a vehicle containing AS number 01DT-6749.
On the other hand, the KHADC under the leadership of Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as CEM is also ready to advise the Government of India through the State Government to bring about order in the administration of the District Councils.
Shillong: Members of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (ASHA) today wrote to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, to demand that the government should provide PPE's to the workers. ASHA workers have also vowed to strike temporarily if the government does not release the old salary of some ASHA members. Letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare through the president of Meghalaya ASHA Worker Union Sorilang Marboh and General Secretary M. June Myrsing said that many of the ASHA workers have not received their salaries since
He said that initially, electric buses will be implemented to transport the people in Shillong and other buses for the transportation of school children. traffic in this city.
The winners of the competition were Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat which won the second prize, Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Secondary School, Laitlawsang which won the second prize and Tiehïangphang Higher Secondary School, Mawthawiang which won the second prize. three.
The crowd here was watching this great spectacle.
The investigation against him is ongoing," he added.
I've seen in Facebook discussions, those who are in the Khasi traditional faith say and criticize the same thing.
Next to it, there is another stone, which is called the “Jok” stone.
The meeting also welcomed the youth, elderly and women leaders of other parties, such as the Congress and NPP who have joined the HSPDP. Other Congress leaders include Bah Ombarly Wanniang from Upper Rangsah, Nongrisan, Megadop, Noonmati, Garo who have supported the Congress party in the MLA and MDC elections. President of the Youth Wing of the Congress, Nonglang Primary Unit, along with supporters including women.
Not only that, the Congress will provide 200 units of electricity to all the below the poverty line (BPL) households.
This will also be the first time that Kanoh has reached the final.
Meanwhile, Delhi Lajong Football Club, although they tried to score, but the skilled players of Lajong managed to score without allowing Delhi FC. Delhi Football Club after losing in the first leg of the tournament.
The scheme was launched at the Dorjee Khandu State Convention Center in Itanagar at the 'Enabling Women-Led Development in Arunachal Pradesh' conference in which the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Pema Khandu was the chief guest.
KHLIEHRIAT: Various political parties from East Jaintia Hills District including EJNC, JSM, JYF, HANM, HYC, HNYF, MPUF and NEIPF at a meeting held at the JSM office on the 21st of this month unanimously voted. It was decided to set up a forum to bring together all the political parties in East Jaintia Hills under one banner known as the East Jaintia Organizations Forum (EJOF).
The court also ordered that the media should not publish anything else on the statement of Bah Nongrum.
Shillong, Naitung 19: After receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies, police conducted a search operation in Upper Shillong and arrested Anthony Marak (30 years old). He is from Rajai village under Ranikor PS (SWKH).
The problems of the people and the government are that the economy has been lost due to the closure of jobs, markets and other sources of income.
Mizoram Police have lodged a complaint against Assam Police for the theft of building materials belonging to Mizoram on the border of the two states.
One person was killed in an explosion at Beldanga in Murshidabad district of West Bengal, caused by an crude bomb.
He said that even the state government's scheme for the development of fisheries, there is no problem for the central government to help if the state government asks.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, as the chief guest, said that to improve the skills of the people with disabilities, the government will introduce a program to empower these people.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Mynska demands that such cheating of the people should not happen again as this is not a problem.
Shillong, November 14: Four MLAs have resigned from the Trinamool Congress, Bendict R. Marak and Ferlin CA Sangma from the National People's Party. The National People's Party (NPP) and Independent MLA Samuel Sangma have joined the BJP at a meeting held at the party headquarters in New Delhi on Tuesday. Everyone.
And the strongest group to protect the people from a tyrannical and irresponsible government should be the opposition.
However, he said that there has been heavy traffic jam on the NH6 from Thangskai to Wahiajer due to the presence of some bad vehicles in many places.
These scholars said that Thomas Jones first visited Ri Khasi on 22nd July 1841 at Sohra and at that time Ri Khasi was still in darkness so Thomas Jones sought a way to write Khasi characters. and it is through the characters he wrote that the Khasi learned to write and draw.
Shillong: There have been 121 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
Speaking at the confirmation meeting of the new Central Executive Council (CEC), KSU President Bah Lambokstar Marngar said, “We have decided to launch a war against drugs in collaboration with the Dorbars. Village, youth organisations, women's organisations, schools and also with law enforcement agencies".
Speaking at the NPP meeting in Nongkrem, he said that Nongkrem should not have only two MLAs as Dasakhiat's father, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar said but up to three MLAs. MLA including himself to help the constituency.
In this incident, the tree temporarily caused a traffic jam on the road and many vehicles had to leave the wrong side.
The landslide occurred in many parts of the road from Wahkaji-Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat-Shillong, Nongkulang-Wahblei road under Ranikor Block. The road was blocked with stones in Uriawdang, Mawtangor, Pongkung and other places.
It is better to pay tax of 50 paise or 1 tyngka per kilo to the government and avoid being cut per kilo and being cut price without rain.
Sohniamtra from this village is available in the market until June-October after the harvest of Nongjrong (East Khasi Hills).
The meeting was conducted by Prof. DK Nayak, Vice-Chancellor incharge of the university and Prof. SR Joshi, Registrar Incharge.
Three award winners including Pastor Dr Overland Snaitang received the Tirot Singh Award in Literature, while Pastor Greater Burn R. Marak received the Tirot Singh Award in literature. (MPS) has been selected for the Pa Togan Sangma Award while Bansaralin Dhar has been selected for the U Kiang Award. Nangbah didn't play.
Gujarat government officials on Tuesday said no decision has been taken to host the 2026 Commonwealth Games in Ahmedabad as it is still considering hosting the Olympics in
He said that the university has sent the students to pay the examination fee, at a time when many students and parents do not have any income especially those who come from families. poor.
Until the future is worth nothing anymore.
The arrear was released after a meeting with the Prime Minister at Asanang, Tura on 27th November 2018 and on 30th March 2018 at his office at the Secretariat, Shillong.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest congratulated the founders of this school which is the source of education in the area and despite many difficulties they have been able to establish and establish this school which is the center of education in the area. He said that it is not easy to establish schools because the establishment of schools has been a difficult and challenging task but as the founders together with the Managing The Committee should work together so that this school can grow in many areas.
Not only that, it was also found that many of the participants in these training programs did not take any action.
However, we have not seen yet that the government will order to investigate or punish those policemen.
“The grades of the students are only 65-68% no matter how well they do and this has deprived the students of continuing their studies at the Master's or to receive Scholarship.
When asked whether he will remain as a child king or whether he too has failed, Pa'iem Latho said, “We have to look at the rules of law whether I will remain as a child king or not. I'll see if I can work together,” he said.
He said that at present there are only six members of the Coordination Committee, three from the government and three from the party while non-MLAs have not participated.
Shillong, July 16: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, on Tuesday held talks with members of Self Help Groups at Baljek Airport, Tura and laid the foundation stone for the to build a new Integrated Administration Complex, Tura through digital means.
In the Administrative Unit, Sengnam Marak in Mawshynrut, Bah Robinus Syngkon in Shangpung Hima and the EAC of Patharkhmah in Patharkhmah.
In a meeting with the beef vendors, yesterday, July 17, 2023, they said that since the news of infection in the beef, the buyers are afraid to buy beef.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 22: U MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem today inaugurated the office of the Village Organization at Lumdieng village. the village.
On this occasion, several burning places and places where illegal rnga were hidden were also seized.
Many villages in Jowai have tried to separate the garbage including Caroline Colony, but due to the failure of the JMB, their efforts have failed.
“Tourists come to pollute to break plastic, break bottles and leave, they don't eat, they don't give food,” said the Sohra MLA.
Mayfereen Ryntathiang, President of Grassroot, urged women to be brave enough to take part in leadership whether within their families, organizations or communities. .
The incident happened on Friday night at her residence and according to the signs, she was stabbed and cut from the neck with sharp weapons.
“We also demand that there should be government officials in the Governing Body of the colleges including the People's College,” said the JSM in the letter.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said, “The contract price is up to 50% increase from the fixed price.
“They say love the nation.
Shillong: Nine persons have died of coronavirus disease, Liantibet Masynting, 50, of Kyrdem, Ri Bhoi, who was taken to Bhoirymbong CHC and died on Tuesday. Nabinson K. Marak, 60, of Lum Nongrim Dewlieh, Umsning, died at his home on 22-06-2 B/o Yomlyne Lyngkhoi, 2 months old, passed away at Ganesh Das Govt.
“The 26 political parties of India have decided to protect the identity of India in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution,” the 26 political parties said.
Two adults were reportedly injured in the incident.
The festival featured song, dance, beauty pageants, sale of traditional food, traditional items, agricultural products and many others.
Those 4 people called first think they will be higher than those 8 people.
Another issue is to discuss the loading of goods from the dewbilat factories, so that they can be transported only by trucks, which will be unloaded in Meghalaya, said a statement from Enrico D Passi. , when sending a message today.
The Preamble of the Constitution also states, “We the People of India”.
Shillong: The President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), Bah KP Pangniang, today said that only the coalition government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) is the first state government to take over the country. to fix the boundary of the state.
Participants from Amlarem Block, Thadlaskein Block and Laskein Block came to participate in the exhibition.
Henry Oka, Instructor from Bali, Indonesia, Chief Guest of the 3-day training, said that the participants will learn a lot from the 3-day training. He also praised the beautiful weather in the state.
The leading election campaigners of Paul Lyngdoh are Titostarwell Chyne, Jemino Mawthoh, Allan F Dkhar. Appeal).
The High Court shall not judge without knowing the facts.
