Ernestin Swer of Friends United took one wicket for 17 runs in four overs and Rahul Prem Rai was named Player of the Match.
The Shillong Parliamentary Assembly was led by Bah Vincent Pala and the Tura Constituency was led by Agatha K. Sangma.
The residents of the State, have not forgotten the shooting by the Assam Police at Iew Langpih, West Khasi Hills District in which four Khasi elders lost their lives and the shooting of the Khasi Pnar people in the border.
Murcia authorities on Sunday said 13 people were killed in a fire at a nightclub in the southeast of the country. Murcia, Spain, where several others were injured and taken to hospitals in the city.
The High Performance Coaching Program is a trial for athletes under the age of 13, 15 and 18 years.
Those who live to insult others without cause are those whom Satan has not owned.
On the other hand, MSA President Bah Joe Marwein said, “We have selected these children who are the best in the state and hope that they will come forward and bring glory to the state.
The Seng demands that the Director of Agriculture should clarify on what basis these two students are Scheduled Caste students to study through the state quota which is only for Scheduled Tribe according to the information of the Seng. “We have also demanded that the Government of Meghalaya should immediately clarify that the Scheduled Castes (SCs) and Other Backward Classes have always been classified as Scheduled Castes (SCs) and Other Backward Classes. (OBC) have received the special quota to study in the lines of study through the State Quota which is reserved only for the indigenous youth of the State according to the reservation policy.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest, Joinriwel Pyrtuh, launched the Jubilee Song Cassette and the Lucky Draw Tickets and urged the public to purchase these tickets as a fund raiser for the Jubilee Celebration. Borghat Catholic Church will be completed in February
Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of the State Government, told reporters that this decision was taken at a meeting chaired by Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister. the State.
The Lord has ordered Aircel to refund the money of those mobile phone holders who are still left or who have registered their cards and who have paid too much before the closure. of aircel users.
Jowai, July 21: Students of Kiang Nangbah Govt College Jowai will hold a march tomorrow at 10 pm from Compound College to DC Office to demand their rights. They demanded that the government should create opportunities for those who have lost classes for more than 1000 students.
Earlier, police also seized the bank account of the suspect.
G.Malieh scored the first goal for Lawmei in the 70th minute.
The AICC has to fight as hard as it can to ensure that it does not happen like in Arunachal Pradesh and from this meeting it was understood that the post of Chief Minister in Meghalaya will not be changed or replaced by the same.
The General Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) will be held on the 22nd November 2021 at 10:30 AM. in the Constitution of India.
Recalling the 10 years of UPA rule, Modi said, “The example of a coalition government is before us before
The office bearers and supporters who joined the Congress include from the UDP, BJP, NPP and TMC. to the Deputy Commissioner’s office.
Only God knows that, because his thoughts are not like ours.
Shillong: The NEHUTA, NEHUSU and NEHUSA will hold a rally tomorrow 13th June starting from the Central Library, NEHU at 11 am.
At the time of writing, no puh shilum, who went to repair the landslide, which happened on the Shillong-Dawki highway.
This is a very serious allegation and he cannot speak to the media without lodging an FIR. In fact, he should have lodged a complaint first and held a press conference if those allegations are true. " said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
The mother was very angry with her because now she understood that her daughter was also involved in the secret.
Shillong, November 03: The President of the Seng Khasi Synod, Bah O Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that the KJP Synod has not been able to take part in the Peace Festival organized by the KJP Synod at Mawphlang on the 2nd of this month. it does not close the branches of the organization that wish to leave.
According to the arrangement of the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District.
MS Golwalkar, Leader of the RSS in his keynote address said, “Hindus, don't waste your time to fight against the enemy, but put your strength to fight against the enemy. This is the foundation of the Sangh Pariwar, and you don't need to be intelligent to understand that the BJP is its political wing. RSS. Anti-Christian activities across the country such as Maharashtra, Haryana, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Kerala, Karnataka (to name a few) have increased significantly since the rule of the RSS. BJPThe CAA, NPR and NRC are only the BJP's ploys to attack the people of India. of Hinduism.
“If we allow the parties that are allied with the BJP in the MDA now, we will inevitably face difficulties in freedom to serve God,” he said.
Five (56%) Ministers are between the ages of 41 and 60 years while 4 (44%) Ministers are between the ages of 61 and 80 years. .
Furthermore, Bah Shylla said that to decide on such matters is difficult and even the people cannot and the government cannot but it is the work of God.
Shillong, Jymmang 31 : It is after many decades that the Government School in Wahrynghaw which has been in service since 1972 has received a new and strong school building at par with other schools.
Legislature- Legislature is where the members of the Legislative Assembly discuss and discuss issues related to the enactment of laws in the State to govern the society.
The incident happened on the village road to Iongnoh.
Regarding the seizure of the drugs, Bah Syiem said, “So far, police have seized 2.4 grams of Yaba tablet, Ganja and heroin worth T. crore".
The festival will be held on the 5th of October at Yong ka Skot near Wah Myntdu (Syntu Ksiar).
“I am very happy that I have been selected for this trial to be held in Malaysia.
For Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) candidates with 70 marks percentage will be accepted, Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC), Degree level to Master Degree with 60 marks percentage will be accepted.
But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law" Galatians 4:4 He came to fulfill (Matthew 5:17). -18 / Luke 24:44.
The report will be submitted to the Central Government for action.
A violent Friday storm struck parts of eastern Afghanistan on Tuesday morning, killing 10,000 people and injuring 1,500 others, officials said. this is Ri.
All these great advices will be remembered in their lives even in the future generations that they have received from the “Sawdong ka Lyngwiar Dpei.
Sangma said the meeting was convened after the government decided to give 100% responsibility for the Atmanirbhar loan taken from the REC and PFC. Decisions have been taken to strengthen and improve the performance of MeECL which has up to 4800 employees.
The Rising Star Boxing Association has won the title.
The landslide occurred in Darrang village.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate, Amlarem has banned the passage of heavy vehicles or trucks along the Amlari Road to Borghat (Muktapur) under Section 144 CrPC.
This is according to a statement from the Secretary of Borghat Village, Bah P.Khongthaw.
They were inaugurated at a public meeting held at the Khimusnaing (PHE) office, chaired by JMB Chairman Lasooki D.Lakiang, in the presence of MLA, CEO JMB. Additional Deputy Commissioner, MCS, Dalloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, Waheh Shnong and others.
When candidates with more money and more followers come, they specialize in the preparation of information in the village and the way of speaking and conducting meetings.
Replying to the motion, the Symbud CEM, who is also the EM-in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Pynshngainlang N.Syiem, said that it is the duty of the state government to take action on this issue. mat.
However, they should remind themselves that the more they fight, the easier it will be for the BJP and the NDA to win easily and return to power.
He said the HNLC strongly condemns this evil intention of the government to unemploy the residents of Sohra area and to try to involve them on issues for personal gain. .
After more than four hundred years in exile the Jews (the Nation) are completely sloughed off humanity, with no homeland to return to, no hope for any future and who do not have any opportunity to take responsibility for their country and nation.
Although the 1st Ground Polo or SSA Stadium has been flooded with plastic or artificial turf, the project implementer said that the ground is suitable for playing but the artificial turf has been flooded. It is only because there is no place to drain the water from this place during the rainy season.
The introduction of this Agri stack has also enabled the Government to extend the PM KISAN scheme to all the beneficiaries and to verify all those who are not already under the scheme, according to the procedures of the scheme.
In the first match, Pamra Paithlu SC vs Rymbai Pohskur SC, the match ended in a 0-0 draw. continue until the end of the allotted time.
Nongpoh: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today visited the Screening Center for Foreigners in 13Mer District.
Bah Lamphrang said that from time to time the government has been complaining about the lack of funds but the natural resources have been wasted. Because the transportation of coal does not agree with the permission of the government.
“I started with a job.
“I don't have any information about the ongoing Covid-19 activities in the state after 12th November,
She also thanked Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA of this constituency who is also the Minister of Sports and the people who came to witness with their own eyes.
Regarding the need for electricity in West Khasi Hills, this reporter met with Rajiv Dutta, Executive Engineer, Nongstoin Division. Meghalaya is not yet able to supply electricity from itself and has to buy from others.
At present, the existence of the road connecting Nongpoh to Jagi Road Assam, has brought great comfort to the residents of the villages bordering with Assam, because through the existence of this road, the people do not need to walk. Through Assam, when they come to Nongpoh, where they have been able to travel freely without any obstacle, but it is encouraging to the residents who use this road, because of the deterioration of this road. street.
Shillong, March 17 : The State Government will soon introduce amendments to the PITNDPS Act 1988 to encourage the participation of Dorbar Shnongs in the fight against drugs. .
Nongpoh: Unidentified robbers have come to break a dead cow near the Shillong Bye Pass in Umroi area. and which affected passengers.
However, it is unfortunate that those who get jobs are only those who can pay money to government officers and ministers,” said the president of the KSU. that there is a terrible recruitment scandal in this department and corruption”.
On March 20, 2022, Jyrwa left the Congress party and joined the UDP following the 2023 Assembly elections.
Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, urged the people to continue to support and cooperate with him as MLA, so that all the plans to bring about change for the Nongpoh constituency and Ri Bhoi as a whole can be achieved. one that cannot be fulfilled.
We see here that God has given authority in the hands of man over all these things, and man is the master over all these things and over his fellow man as well as God has given authority over all things. to see to it that things are done in the best way.
Robert said the government's ban on the internet is only a ploy to protect the corruption and illegal activities of the NPP-led government, just to escape the government's corruption. they didn't have an election.
Therefore, in the Behdeinkhlam festival, there is a part of the Kchu Ka Siang of the Kmai Yung and the Yung Blai.
The former Sordar of Mawlein Village said this while welcoming the meeting at Mawkynrew, during the visit of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to meet with the leaders for the 2024 MP election. which will be held on the 19th of this month.
More than T.300 crore, MeECL has not received the remaining electricity bill from electricity consumers including factories, households and various companies, said the Chairman-cum. -MeECL Managing Director Sanjay Goyal today.
Ricky Shullai won from the NCP in the mid-term MDC elections in 2016 after the resignation of Sanbor Shullai due to illegal activities.
The EM said that in the current EC, the issuance of Labor License should go through the contractor as he will be responsible for the workers who come to work in the state.
He said that the footpath has been constructed under the MNREGS scheme received from Mawphlang C&RD Block at a cost of T.4 lakh and the work has progressed. come to stop.
In this regard, the Seiñ Raij invites and invites all the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum to come and witness this festival of the children of the Raij.
Meghalaya, which has reached the 50th anniversary of its independence, may still be lagging behind in many aspects compared to other small states. who are in the Northeast.
The union said that on the day of the meeting, no one will be allowed to hold a meeting and requested the owners and buyers not to feel anything that on that day there will be no holders in the market.
These karate fighters include Keridame Khongjee, Saphibanri Kharlyngdoh, Dayalangki Challam, Sandaeka V. Langstieh, Anysha Wahlang, Iwan Naki L. Khongjee, Saphira Lyngkhoi, Reha Dkhar, Daphilahun M. Wahling, Sara Rdohlang, Duty Lang. Dairysa Night Room, Layrissa Night Room, Carenia Rapthap.
He said that the government from the beginning of the demarcation of the first Wat has been wrong because it has not sought the opinion and approval of the Hima who are the owners of the land and even the District Council which is the supervisor. the earth is covered with shyiap.
With three medals on Saturday, India reached stage 2 of the Archery World Cup 2022 to five.
Regarding this issue, Riangtem said that in fact if Conrad Kongal Sangma says that the map drawn during the time of Dr Mukul Sangma is wrong, he should have corrected it. don't believe what's wrong.
The Son of man (Jesus) shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity;
The characteristics of the samples taken and shown in the report are exactly the same as those taken from several suspects and sent for further testing.
He said that Meghalaya will talk to Assam through border talks regarding Block-I and Block-I but this part will come later as it is also more difficult.
" The mother didn't speak again.
With the passing of the days, more and more tourist attractions have emerged and the residents have taken steps to improve what nature has already created.
“If the government does not take action to implement the social peace agreement, it will lead to problems in the future,” he said.
All political parties have been directed to comply with the Child Labor Prohibition and Regulation Act 1986 as amended by the Child Labor Prohibition and Regulation Amendment Act
This abnormality is usually not serious or dangerous, but it is necessary to consult a doctor if the following conditions are found: (a) you for sha you for.
Until now, the demand to exempt Meghalaya from the CAA, as stated by the Chief Minister and also as we have heard from some of the leaders, is groundless, because we cannot understand. how does that exemption protect you.
The tournament will be held at the ground of Mawphlang Village opposite the Lawkyntang of the Sengkhasi Mawphlang, said a statement from Rgh.S.Sari Publicity Secretary of the Sengkhihlang.
The 3rd of June as the day of thanksgiving and prayer of the census takers is a request after the dates have not been found, but they wait for the approval of the gods and remember the day. 3rd June, every year.
Shillong: The mid-term elections in Shella will be held at any time before 28th July
He said the mass protest will start from tomorrow across the state, followed by the district and block level committees of the party.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he is proud to use the names 'India' and 'Bharat' together in the name of the country. in Ri.
Shillong: Leaders of the Mawkynrew Block Congress Committee (MBCC) led by Bah Olet Kharsahnoh (who resigned as President of the MBCC last month) on Monday visited the Mawkynrew Block Congress Committee (MBCC). He joined the People's Democratic Front (PDF) at a meeting held at Jongksha Village.
Does it intend to issue another license to mine uranium or will it send away its largest quantities?
Instead of leading the villagers and brothers and sisters to elect MLAs/MDCs/MPs in a fair and free manner as they can and as they want, they lead them to cheat and force people to elect them. who wants.
The PDF, which is the ruling party in KHADC led by Bah Pynshangain N Syiem (MLA/MDC Mawsynram) as Chief Executive Member, has announced in recent months as the new political party in the state. The KHADC has been able to persuade all the MDCs to contest against the MLAs in the 2018 elections. Although there are MLAs who have won them in the MDC elections, they have not agreed. The Special Central Assistant scheme of the Government of Meghalaya will provide for each MDC to receive about T.3 crore.
The Director General of Assam Rifles congratulated the Chief Minister for taking the time to attend the closing ceremony as part of encouraging the football players of the state.
The trial is to select the players for the boys and girls under 18 years to represent the Association in the Meghalaya Cricket Association Inter District Tournament
To the growth, prosperity and bright future to come.
The Child Labor Department has lodged a complaint against the woman.
The growth of the economy from the rural areas to the urban areas is very slow.
Nongpoh, Nailar 21: To learn about the shortcomings and problems in various health facilities in Jirang Constituency including PHCs, Health Sub Centers and CHCs in Jirang Constituency, the MLA of Jirang Constituency today He has gathered all the Doctors, Nurses and Supervisors of these health centers to discuss the problems of these health centers and as an MLA he will take action to inform the government for the purpose of improving these health centres.
“Who can build a house without building a house?
“Bah Teibor is a man who has worked from the beginning to solve the problems of the residents of Mawlai and who has worked hard to build the trust of the residents of Mawlai. “I do politics to help the people and this is the sign of a good leader,” he added.
In the new PIL, the CSWO has also charged two MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, Brigady Marak and Cherak W Momin, eight MLAs/MDCs of the JHDAC and KHADC. In a PIL filed in the Meghalaya High Court, CSWO President Agnes Kharshing said, “The order of CSWO Governor to appoint MLAs/MDCs holding two posts to be abolished and to be subject to the Nomination Act under Rule 17 (1)(a) of the Constitution of Assam (Meghalaya) ) Rules, 1951 and in accordance with Article 191 (1)(a) of the Constitution.
Speaking at a meeting with the NPP Umsning Block leaders at Lad Sharai, today, Ampareen said it is not good to insult the people by talking about Panah Meinah because this is the destruction of the nation and affects the women.
THEY DO NOT WORRY THEMSELVES:— The healthiest people do not worry about themselves and this is what makes them healthy and happy.
We have already done it, we didn't take it and went to shoot the minister to say if you don't do it, we will just shoot, yes, by word, by covenant, we have promised and done it, without throwing stones. anyone spirit.
The UDP will understand that the time has come for it to dig its own grave.
After the incident, the body of the woman was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for post mortem. He said that the cause of the incident was due to the failure of the brakes of the truck. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Conrad expressed his gratitude to Amit Shah for complying with the requests of the state government.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Meghalayan Age Festival at Thadlaskein village in West Jaintia Hills in the presence of government ministers including u Dhar, Comingone Ymbon and MLA Wailad Shylla.
Secretary of FKJGP Sengkmie, Bah Marbud Dkhar, Chief Organizer, Bah Energy Star Cajee, Assistant Office Secretary, FKJGP Sengkmie, Village Leaders, Youth Wing, Sengkmie, Mothers, Pastors and Children.
These three issues raised by the UDP to the CEM have been resolved at the ARPA meeting held before the Dorbar Lyiur of KHADC, and have reached a peace agreement.
Other sources said that the land vendors around Shillong, have expressed their surprise over the summons to appear before the office of the District Urban Planner Shillong where Bah T.Lyngwa. said the Nodal Officer regarding the land vendors and the decision of the Meghalaya High Court.
On Wednesday, city officials had previously reported that eight people had died amid the collapse of the building.
It would be better if they listened and focused only on the media that are recognized by the government and operate according to the rules of law.
“It is a very sad thing and we are preparing to discuss at the meeting to take a decision on the Government's sudden action regarding the proposal to choose only one baibam and no more. two as usual,” said Bah Kharjana.
“I don't know everything and during the outbreak of Coivd-19, where are they, where is the TMC, whether it came to help the people at that time, I don't know. hear that this king shall come forth.
This incident also shows the negligence of the drivers, the people who did not allow the fire trucks to enter this narrow and crowded area to extinguish the fire. the clang is terrible.
After the swearing-in ceremony in Shillong, he will leave for Nagaland to be sworn in.
It was 10 o'clock in the evening.
DGP Rajiv Mehta said they have expressed their cooperation with the Assam government on the incident.
This is the mass killing of farmers through factories and not only that but it is the unlimited torture and thinking about the life and death of our small people.
Tata Motors has been the biggest sponsor of the IPL in recent seasons, along with the Super Striker Award, along with its Tata Nexon, Tata Harrier and Tata Punch. the company brings forward as goals before competitors of the field.
According to police sources, the incident happened at about 12:30 PM, while the mother was walking past the area when suddenly a truck collided with her. A thylli, which came from Sohpian and was also planning to go to Urkali, has stabbed the woman to death.
However, this isn’t all true.
In the competition, Ved Prakash Singh won the Three Point Contest while Rilang, Effie and Nash won the Shooting Star Challenge.
Imphal: The Manipur government has decided to relocate the Meitei people who are currently in Mizoram.
Many of these rynsan express especially the Nongïalam of this area where the Khasi Pnars live.
“ACHIK understands that if Bah Ardent can change even 0.01% of the rights of the Achik community in the Job Reservation Policy, the Supreme Court will be the place where ACHIK will meet. u" said Bernita.
Currently, Airtel has launched 5G in Laitumkhrah, Lapalang, Nongrah, Governor House, Lummawbah, Jaiaw Laitdom, Pines Colony (Laban Red Cross), Mawpat, Riat Sohkhlur and several other villages.
There were 8 Gold or Gold Medals, 14 Silver and 7 Bronze Medals.
Nongpoh, June 01: The residents of nine villages on the Meghalaya border in the Maikhubli area on Tuesday once again came out to hold a rally to protest against the government. The government has decided to hand over nine villages to Assam after the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam signed a MoU in Delhi.
You can see that many people respect and believe women who are strong and confident, who can stand on their own feet, who don't have to wait for others to support them.
On the Roster, he said, “To implement the Roster System after 50 years is wrong and the government should go and submit a petition and discuss this.
The final match between the two teams was very exciting and was attended by football fans from all over the villages near Sumer Umbang.
These things, man does not think, he writes the blood of the ma by moving the old Mawpud of others.
JD(U) President and MP Rajiv Ranjan Singh, also known as Lalan Singh, has said that Upendra Kushwaha will no longer hold the post. I am the Chairman of the Parliamentary Board of the party.
These organizations have held a mass march which has reached the government headquarters where even the Chief Minister has admitted that there is a shortage of admission. This is the Morning Section at this school.
Deepika Padukone has written on Instagram to tell her fans that her husband, Ranveer Singh, is a glutton and the reason is that she can't eat all the food. , you can't spend it.
Sister Delina Lyngdoh, State Coordinator of NDWM-Meghalaya Region, said that during these times of pandemic, many of the household workers have lost their jobs as well as their salaries.
So when they went to study in their own country, the poor man went to study for a while and became a missionary to preach about God.
It is also alleged that before the election, Bah Ngaitlang had distributed blankets and jeysey footballs around the area and at the time of distribution he said that it was a donation from his family. The party is surprised to see that these donations which he distributed before the elections have appeared in the MLA scheme after he won the elections.
The tournament was inaugurated by RG Momin MLA Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency as the chief guest, in the presence of Bah Ailand Lyngdoh, Sordar of Nonglang Village, Pynbiang Shylla President of NPSCYC, Treibor Marweiñ, Secretary of NPSCYC and others. other elders of the area.
The people have cast their votes to elect the members of the 1st Legislative Assembly of the State.
The tournament has been organized by the Ri-Bhoi Boxing Association in collaboration with the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA).
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The MCIC 19th South Shillong Constituency, under the leadership of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA and Bah Ricky Shullai MDC on Saturday visited the area together with heads of various government departments such as PWD. /PHE/URBAN AFFAIRS/MUNICIPAL together with NGO leaders, Village Leaders visited the areas across the constituency where development works such as drinking water, roads, to improve existing roads such as footpaths and others.
The protest was announced again after the curfew, office blockade and night road blockade in recent days.
Shillong, March 27: Mawkriah West SC have become the fourth team to qualify for the semi final of the SSA 4th Division Football League 2023 after beating Mawkasiang SC in the quarter final on Saturday. Thursday at the 1st Ground of the SSA Stadium.
The Amendment empowers the DG, NIA to include the seized assets of those involved in terrorist activities.
After inspections and discussions, the Director Dr. Sawian promised to open the PHC after the Lok Sabha MP elections in June this year.
Keating Road-based Goenka Hyundai has launched the new Hyundai Exter on 22nd November 2023 as one of the new Hyundai SUVs.
The Head of the District Council thanked all his supporters who have been praying for him in the fight for this post.
Nongpoh: Perhaps it may be surprising, but it is a fact that any driver of a small vehicle in the Umtrai area, has to take many people along with Mohkhiew in the vehicle, if he wants to go from one village to another. pat and when they are walking on the roads in the area.
The tamsneng was filled with people while his mother was speaking to him.
“Therefore, I urge the Prime Minister to examine this matter and ensure that our state will abolish the personal interview so that there will be no more discrimination or selection of candidates,” he said. u Mr. New York.
Surprisingly, today the majority of drug users are both men and women.
These genetic changes, researchers say, are involved in the body's immunity and especially the body's ability to fight diseases, especially colds, flu and rheumatism.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the party will soon consider electing new leaders for the MDA-led government. “The two MLAs of the party, Lahkmen Rymbui and H. Brolding Nongsiej, will remain as ministers in the Cabinet,” said Metbah Lyngdoh.
Dasgupta and Camelia Diengdoh of Meghalaya beat Mizoram 11-13, 11-6, 11-8, 11-8 in the women's final. Alberto and John of Mizoram defeated L. Bikram Singh and Y. Boy Singh of Manipur 11-9, 11-5, 11-7
Any work done by the KSU is with the blood, blood, people and the work of the body and soul even to sacrifice one's life for the sake of the nation.
On this occasion, the Editors invite the readers, together with the government departments, that if they find any inadequacies in the newspaper, or if they are dissatisfied and opposed, to send their explanations to those newspapers or to go to the Press Council of India, in order to get faster facts and to avoid frequent court appearances.
Regarding the families of the four persons, who have lost their loved ones, Bah Adelbert said the government should not only provide 5 lakh tyngka, but should provide assistance by Every member of the five households should be employed as Forest Guards so that it will also be an opportunity for them to protect their land. shyïap '.
“You should be proud as farmers, because the world depends on you for food, if there are no farmers we will all die of hunger,” said Andrew. their book.
Through this song, we see the spiritual struggle of this old man who has seen and felt the change of life, the change from good to evil and the main reason - that is, to count or take away spirituality and restraints like animals without wings or the shield of God to protect.
Constable and Rapsalang Wahlang, Bn.
He said that the interference of politicians in the operation of health centers is like a game with human life.
What about the State? Let the city answer.
The road from Lumbasuk to National Law University (NLU) will become one way and vehicles will have to pass only from Lumbasuk to NLU. One Way and vehicles can only pass from Demthring Petrol Pump to Madanrting Presbyterian Road.
Later, when inquired, it was learned that the name of LK Advani was not available for the visit to Shillong, but the DIPR officials alleged that they had received the order. from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong.
On the other hand, the General Secretary said that the Chairman of MTDC, Bah Sanbor Shullai in the presence of MD, Bah CVD Diengdoh, IAS who called for a meeting with the leaders of the party, explained that the reason for the The Model Code of Conduct (MCC) and they cannot announce the resignation, besides it is the end of the fiscal year and the number of meetings. The Government has organized and therefore a person is needed to hold this position.
This is God's guidance, not man's guidance, the terrible thing is sometimes the work that God does, accuse man until sometimes he says that he is not allowed to go to the living dead. longer and.
They also said that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar has been demanding for the Civil Sub-Division since 1989, so through this speech of Conrad K. Sangma, it can be achieved. On behalf of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, it has congratulated Conrad K. Sangma for listening and accepting the demand of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar.
The memorial service was also held at Langpih at a function organized by the Hima Raidmynsaw where Bah Samlin Malngiang, Minister in charge of PHE was the chief guest in the presence of the MLA. Former Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP and others.
The students under the leadership of Dr DG Marbaniang, Program Officer NSS Unit, Lady Keane College, conducted a skit showing the dangers that can come on the roads if a person is not thoughtful or responsible. .
Just don't be too proud of yourself.
“The CEM accuses me of not being responsible for my work, but who is not responsible,” said Grace.
Shillong: The BJP in Meghalaya wants to contest the upcoming MP elections if the agreement to nominate only one candidate from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) does not reach its goal.
Shillong, March 02: The War Jaintia Youth Council (WJYC) has expressed its deep concern over the spread of garbage by the Municipal on the Amlarem-Jowai road. it seriously affects the health of the passengers.
The NIA took up the investigation in November last year after the arrest of many Rohingya in Assam without proper documents.
You don't have to talk about it.
This makes them like those who are sick for a long time and are not clever enough to speak and tell stories.
Therefore, as it is known that the KHADC through the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India to look after, protect and preserve the heritage, customs and traditions of the Jaidbynriew, wants to put this The question is, “Since when is it illegal or not according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi Hills to distribute the powers of the Hima? to auction the kingdom into two parts, the kingdom and the private individuals of the kingdom?"
He said that according to the Act, if there is a land acquisition within 5 acres in urban areas, the Act will not affect the Act and 50 acres in rural areas.
David Scott also promised to have a trade relationship with the Khasi and also promised to give the Bordwar to the Hima Nongkhlaw to look after.
In the past years, we have passed the MRSSA to protect our people and this is because we understand the plight of the people,” he said.
In the inquiry, the union found that the doctor in charge of the PHC is on leave for about three months and there is no doctor to temporarily look after the PHC. The doctor in charge of the hospital has taken leave but she has expressed her surprise at the lack of attention of the authorities in charge of the health department in the state to send temporary doctors to help the people. who do not need emergency care.
There should be referees to look after this part.
Niakha thought for a while and said, “Don't worry about that, because this is the reason why you will face problems at home, if you don't tell the village because this is a bloodshed.
The nation, with its customs and traditions, is known by the Word.
Shillong: A special lecture on Thomas Jones was held at Martin Luther Christian University on 19th November
Rev.BB Lamin congratulated the entire Kur War and hoped that the presence of this Ïing Dorbar Kur will be a great blessing to the Kur War so that it can contribute to the welfare of the community. the society of the children of the family in all respects.
In his speech, he said that the BLOs have tried their best to visit the villages and homes of the voters to explain to them about the voting and how to vote especially those who still new.
“It was up to us to drive the car.
Biki Datta of Assam and Jonathan Jawphniaw of Meghalaya came second.
The recent seizure of more than 4,000 kilograms of marjuna worth Rs 20 crore from Ri-Bhoi from Tripura is the largest seizure in the state.
According to reports, the gloves worn by Argentina goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez, especially those he wore in the final, were destroyed. They were auctioned for $45,000 against France at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar as part of a donation to the Children's Cancer Hospital in Garrahan.
The country knows man, the country knows God, The word of love is deceitful;
This leader is a man who knows how to speak harshly and angrily to others who oppose him.
The blast of the bomb was caused by the failure of Star Cement to pay the tax demanded by Marius Rynjah @ Hep Koit, SS Finance cum Socio Cultural Secretary of the HNLC. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday launched the rafting/kayaking project at Wah Umtrew at Shillong White Water Village in Umtham, Ri. -Earthquake District.
Bah Pyngrope also strongly condemned the act of the robbers as this is for the benefit of the people.
Finally, a speech and blessing was delivered by the President of the HSPDP, Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should immediately open this hospital, in order to provide full services to those who need emergency treatment, especially to children and second mothers. also.
In rural areas, except those close to MLAs, Government Ministers, others who are not close to people in government or MLAs, Government Ministers, shall not be eligible to receive assistance or support. The government has not been able to exercise political power in the state.
It is a fact that as soon as we enter the Lad-Rymbai area, we find only winestores that are connected to each other.
We are looking at various ways to promote tourism in these Lakadong CMCs,” said Conrad Sangma.
Tympang Tangliang led Lumiawmushai Shangpung to the lead in the 58th minute.
Taking part in the meeting, the leader of the Kiang Nangbah Government College Students' Union, Precious Sten said that the reservation policy of the state is like a fire that burns the future of the students.
Regarding the Maweit PHC, he said that during his meeting with the government officials, they promised that the Maweit PHC will be upgraded to a CHC. currency.
These events happened in many places.
This morning, the Dolloi together with his brother-in-law, his brother-in-law who has not been named and his brother-in-law who has not been named, went fishing in the Prang River. They were sitting in a boat to sail to the other side of the river, but at that moment a flood came to turn their boat.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills has personally rushed to the scene to investigate the incident.
The inspection was conducted after the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), Khliehriat West lodged a complaint with the DC to take action to investigate into the death of cows in the area.
These houses are not individual houses but their organizational houses.
Charelang Mulieh scored the first goal (44).
“We don't spend a single shipiah,” said Dr. Woba.
Rime Suiam, 15, and Meda Suiam, 17, are still undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Others laughed at Hosea's actions.
It is not true that in these days the Khasi people have started to decline in value due to the influx of mynder and the following of other peoples of the world where the value of dignity has declined and many others. They began to count the rights of the people who had been destroyed from the beginning.
In different parts of Shillong, the fire extinguishing will be for 10 hours, 2 hours and this will be only in the morning.
In addition, Bah Raphael Warjri was awarded the Meghalaya State Award for Arts and Literature.
It may be recalled that the Meghalaya government is preparing to improve the MPSC branches in Tura, Jowai, Nongstoin, Nongpoh, Williamnagar and Baghmara.
The difference in the use of thangrai is that of some of the creatures which are according to the rights which are unique to other ethnic groups in the world.
They also want to decide the price themselves and not to decide the smugglers to Bangladesh.
The Union of Farmers and Sellers of Chicken Meat of Nongstoiñ Town Area has taken to the streets to conduct a checkpoint against the vehicles. to bring foreign cattle into Nongstoiñ.
She said that if there is an arrest of any member of the party, the party will not talk anymore but will take action and she said that she wants to resolve the incident as soon as possible. with that work.
In order for the future generations to be able to govern themselves in their own country without being restricted by the authorities in Delhi, but to govern independently (the right of self governance in accordance with the tradition), we can pass laws to improve the country. The Society in terms of fighting against corruption, not to issue NOCs to the public for trade, but to improve income as directed by the previous Legislators and as dreamed by the ancestors. .
The Prime Minister has also answered the questions well,” he said.
He urged the students to be obedient to their parents and teachers so that their future will be bright.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of free of cost rice from PMGKAY for the month of July, 2020 at Khliehriat.
“However, regarding the authorization of the Dorbar Shnongs or Village Health Councils (VHCs) not to interfere with the appointment and dismissal of ASHAs, the Government will not accept the authority. This is because the Dorbar Shnongs are the most important parts because they look after and assist the government for the welfare of the 6000 villages in the state”.
“Every time the government says stand on its feet and when they stand up it closes itself,” said Bah Lambor.
Pynshngain is the CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
“The working group has proposed the ID card among others.
“As the talks are ongoing and if the Commissioner and Secretary of Transports can improve it is fine and if he cannot improve and if we get information that the talks are not going on we will turn north ( sha Majai) if anything happens, we will not worry about it,” said Bah Nonglait.
On the same day, TVWPS also honored Sara Ronghang, a karate fighter who won the gold medal at the North East Olympic Games held in city ​​of Shillong.
MEPA at a meeting held in Shillong on Friday decided to clarify to the public that the media outlets authorized to operate are registered with the Registrar of Newspapers. of India (RNI) and also recognized by the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) of the Government of Meghalaya.
At the same time, the meeting also decided to write back to the State Government on the grounds on which it stands before deciding on the second round of border talks.
Yes, although there are Khasi living in Barrack Valley, they survive and do not get the same freedom as in Meghalaya because the forest they cultivate belongs to the Government.
Regarding the Roster System and the demands from the Khasi Hills to change it while from the Garo Hills to continue the implementation until 1972, “On the part of the government, we are very pleased. “I will discuss this issue at the Cabinet meeting next month,” said Bah Paul.
This scheme will benefit about 10,000 farmers and through this it will also increase the production of pork in Meghalaya.
According to HANM leaders, the notice has been distributed to West Khasi Hills and mostly to Nongstoin and Mairang.
Deborah Marak said that during the meeting they discussed how to strengthen the Congress party in the state to prepare for the 2018 Assembly elections.
Pala was speaking at the opening ceremony of the office of the Mylliem Assembly Youth Congress held at Mylliem Madan Iing Syiem.
The UDP has strongly opposed the auction of MeECL to private companies, he said, adding that the party is pleased that the government has now taken this responsibility to try to resolve the border issue. and he shall be there for many years.
Two months ago, on the 24th and 25th of November, the police conducted a raid on vehicles and on the 24th, they seized 39 vehicles and fined them. On the 25th, 19 vehicles were seized and the proceeds were T.8700 tyngka which means that in these two days alone the proceeds were T.22,700 tyngka. .
Speakers on the occasion included YG Lyngdoh, President of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA), Insyrpaihun Kharlyngdoh, one of the volleyball players and Elevenson Wanniang, President of the Volleyball Association.
Shillong: The Chief Election Officer (CEO) of the Election Commission of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari, on Tuesday said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) is still facing difficulties in tracking down anonymous people who spread election news on social media.
It is to be recalled that the MR of Assam after taking oath as MR has invited the ULFA-I to the table of peace talks for the sake of maintaining peace and stability in Assam. .
Meanwhile, Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar said that the ST/SC allocation should not be postponed and should continue. “We don't need this allocation after many years and we should stand firm on this basis that it will be extended every 10 years,” said Renikton.
Without a definition of terrorism, it’s difficult to control them.
He praised and thanked Tirot Sing Syiem, one of the heroes of the Khasi people who gave himself up to fight against the British.
Shillong: U Dr A War, DHS (MI), today confirmed that Dr T Rymbai, who works at Bethany Hospital, has recovered from the coronavirus.
Results:€145, 000 Challenger, Heilbronn, Germany: Doubles (pre-quarterfinals): Nicolas Barrientos (Col) & Diego Hidalgo (Ecu) defeated Ramkumar Ramanathan & Nenad Ziimonjic (Srb) 6-1, 6-3; Anirudh Chandrasekar & Vijay Sundar Prashanth defeated Pedro Martinez (Esp) & Andrea Pellegrino (Ita) 6-2, 6-4.
The migration of people from Myanmar to Mizoram has been caused by the bomb shelling by Myanmar troops in the border area on the morning of 13th November.
Therefore, the Hima requests the public, NGOs and Hima authorities of Bri u Hynniewtrep to allow until further notice.
The Dorbar Shnong has banned the residents of the village and also those outside the village from playing or playing music inside the vehicles and also those who walk up and down within the boundary of the village. all to respect and obey this arrangement of the village so that it may run smoothly.
Regarding the construction of the second section of the road which leads to Kyrshai, it is not yet possible to say because it has been learned that during the survey and survey of the areas where the road, it should pass through the dep cleaned cleaned.
Bangladesh already has its headquarters in New Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai, while Bangladesh has allowed New Delhi to open its Assistant High Commission in Khulna and Sylhet, the official said.
“We have a little bit of confidence because we have been working together for many years, but we are the organization that has prepared for this disaster in which they have tried many times to destroy. and shane hundreds".
According to a statement sent by the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, the ban on the use, manufacture or purchase of these plastic bags is also due to the Chinese. Manjha, Synthetic Manja and Nylon Thread or other plastic materials used in the manufacture of coins or other activities that have a serious impact on the environment and endanger the environment. the reason they don’t rot at all.
Modi said India will import 85 percent of petrol and diesel in 2019-20 and 53 percent of coal.
U Bah Paul said that under this Act, a complaint will be lodged against any person who violates the law and returns to the sale and use of drugs only after he has been released from jail or police station.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: If after 10 days he does not see the responsibility to improve the road, he will take the opportunity to take the matter to the High Court through a PIL. The Raid Laban Sports, Social and Cultural Organization (RLSSCO) has distributed awards to 346 students including 3 special awards. the prize.
At the same time, according to the order of the Hon'ble Court, the Dorbar Shnong Shella was led by the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Tobias Tiewdop and the members of the Dorbar Shnong Shella.
Cyborg Passah scored 28 points.
“This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled” Matthew 24:3
The second is to find ways and means to force the government or the forest department to revive the scheme which provides assistance to the “Khnap Thang Bru.
Therefore, the union warns other Ganja smugglers not to use this road, as the union will continue to monitor the presence of illegal Ganja smugglers and those who use this road.
Martin in 1976 received the Palme d'Or prize for Taxi Driver and in 1998 he was the head of the jury.
He said that their wish is to return it to the Hima Sohiong Lyngdohship.
Speaking on the meeting of Bah Hek with Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit at his residence in the past few days, he said that this meeting was not a political matter, but it was because he was a politician. “I went only to meet him, he doesn't have any political activities, he doesn't have any political activities. “I don't know what to do with the government, I just went as a friend,” said Bah Hek.
Meanwhile, the disadvantages faced by the residents of Smit village are the garbage and garbage that comes out of this market is terrible to look at and there is a shortage of garbage dump.
Students under the banner of the North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) together with members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday held a protest in front of the Meghalaya Board of Directors. School Education (MBOSE) to inform the State Government to release the remaining scholarships for students in the State.
Up to 48 matches will be played during the 46 days of the ICC tournament. India last hosted the World Cup in ; Mahendra Singh Dhoni as the captain of the team has led the way to win the trophy.
On the 27th March, the match will be played between Seinbhalang Shkentalang and Dong East Mupyut at 2.30 pm.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Nongkrem Youth Development Association (NYDA) on the 13th of this month, has distributed certificates to the students who have been trained and completed in the field of Basic Tailoring and Hand Embroidery. MES/SDI Course at the Skill Development Vocational Training Center of the Seng.
He also promised that the State Government will give full support to the development of this sport.
One of those ways is to run buses to and from school.
Corruption has caused a delay in the smooth running of the Khadar system as corrupt leaders have to spend all the money they have spent during the elections.
“We have voted for our MLA Ardent, we have worked hard to win Shylla to defeat him in the mid-term MDC elections and we have won. The President of the UDP has rejected his prayer just because he is afraid that Bah Teinwell will turn against him I'm afraid of the PDF,” said Teiskhem.
He recalled that the establishment of the Board in Tura is a memorable event especially when Meghalaya has become a full state and said that the establishment of the MBOSE in Tura is a blessing to the people of the country. Garo and the people of the state as a whole.
He said that earlier, the village had investigated to find out who was involved in the garbage dumping in the village, and they found that it was people from outside the village and those who did not Umsning Town Durbar.
The leading member of the group is Bah Kyrshan Rynjah, who lives in Lai Mer and works on ICAR projects on a contract basis.
Therefore, he reminded that the world knows and named one of the crematoria in Mawmluh Cave by geologists the Meghalayan Age.
He said that they don't want to create differences just because of this issue even though there are many youths from Meghalaya who are in Punjab.
Out of the four, three elderly persons sustained minor injuries, while the girl was taken to other hospitals after suffering a broken leg.
One of the former NTYU leaders, Vijay Raj, sent his resignation letter to the Chief Minister on Tuesday.
Dr SB Singh, Director General of Police (DGP), was supposed to retire today, but the Ministry of Home Affairs has ordered him to continue for another three months.
Shillong, November 12: Meghalaya has received the National Level Award for Excellence in Health through Health and Wellness Centres.
Shillong: Former Mawhati MLA and former HNLC leader Julius Dorphang has been arrested from Nongpoh today.
“We want to hold this meeting as soon as possible by inviting all the party leaders from Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills to discuss this issue,” he said.
We are struggling every day, but we love and appreciate your writings.
He urged the voters of the state to elect a government that works fairly and a government that listens to the concerns of the people. I've heard about those High Level'
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of 14 villages on the Mawrong Road, today held an emergency meeting at Bir village, after receiving a complaint from the guards. gate, on the presence of an elderly man who resisted and forced the guards at the gate, which is also a specially built gate, in order to prevent the open entry and exit of the public and especially to outsiders and strangers.
Before the ceremony, the mother of Bah Mit, Kong Phrin, prayed and apologized in front of Mawshyieng and admitted that Mawshyieng's appointment of Bah Mit was a misunderstanding.
Shillong, Nailur 2 : The Pension Adalat of Meghalaya, Shillong has announced that the Pension Adalat for the purpose of resolving the issues of the pensioners/families of the pensioners of the office. The meeting will be held on the 20th November, 2023 from 10 am to 4 pm at the ground floor of the office for the purpose of discussing and resolving the issues related to the will be old.
The Grand Finale will be held on the 9th November 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
It should also motivate us to fight and bring about rule and justice.
We forget that we are part of nature.
Recalling that at the 2018 meeting, the NPP did not win even 10 seats in South West Garo Hills, he said it is difficult for the Government to initiate development works because the MLAs they are from the Opposition because they do not cooperate with the Government.
The Government of Assam or the Mikir Hills (now Karbi-Anglong) cannot claim to be part and parcel of Jaintia Hills. The residents of the village do not want to die at all from their flesh and blood and from Ri Jaintia.
The Sordars and the residents of these villages, said that although the Syiem has already given permission and the District authorities have not taken action to stop the mining in the area, they will stand against it. The drinking water supply from the area has been severely affected.
After Parliament amended the Representation of the People Act, 1950, to allow Indians living abroad to vote, 1,18,439 people have registered.
French officials, soldiers and soldiers used to drill and praise those who had died in France.
He said that the reason for the lack of electricity is the lack of electricity and there is no allocation of funds for the construction of the road. There is no allocation of funds for the road in this project.
He said that a pastor from Germany wrote that the Church or Christianity has been crucified on the cross of Christ.
Why do parents bless their children or relatives before they leave? It means that there is a flow of confidence in a person along the way that those words of blessing will follow him or her. you are happy.
The demand for employment of this young man is based on a valid ground that is to employ him in the place of his deceased father for more than 1 year.
Fear, sympathy and pride made Rida sick.
Shillong: The State Coal Owners Forum (SCCCOMDF), an association of coal traders and owners in the state, has filed a complaint with the Supreme Court of India. The Supreme Court has issued a Special Leave Petition (SLP).
The 29-year-old midfielder, who played for Chelsea to win the Champions League in 2021, became the first City to join since they won three titles. in the past year.
Two more employees of the newspaper have tested positive for the virus and the Dorbar Shnong has demanded that the District authorities should take action and close down the newspaper. The petition, sent by Glanding Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong, said that the office of the newspaper.
“The State President of the NPP should remember that the land in Khasi Jaintua is not the property of the NPP or any political party to sell and auction at will to Assam.
The siren sounded from 5.30 pm and ended at 10 pm. At 3 or 4 pm every day, a warning was sounded before the mining explosion in the park, which destroyed the houses in Mawmluh.
He said the aim is to bring the people to take part in making Shillong a clean and safe city with their suggestions to the government.
Dr. Ampareen urged the people of the state as well as other political parties to allow the government to collect the necessary information for the implementation of the Roster System so that the implementation will be smooth and efficient. and without discrimination against any ethnic group or the people of the State.
In the afternoon, the flag of the Seng was raised by Rangbah MF Blah President, followed by Rangbah D Syiemlieh. Rgh Banteilang S Rumnong, General Secretary, welcomed the guests.
As school children when we are in school we should not feel that we have knowledge but without God we cannot do anything,” said Bah Thomas.
Another problem, the KSU said, is the frequent changes in the syllabus from Class I to Class IV which has confused the students.
Shillong, July 23: A member of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has been shot dead by police, while Area Commander Ajan Momin, alias Jimmy, has escaped from the hands of police. Police and three others in a clash in East Garo Hills district today.
However, the HITO forcibly threw the barricades of the police and continued chess.
He said that the Government under the leadership of the people has decided to set up a Police Outpost at Barato Village and the file on this matter is still sent to the Planning Department. The foundation stone for the construction of the Police Outpost in Barato will be laid in 10 months.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that those involved in illegal activities in the Sericulture and Weaving Department will not escape the hands of the law.
Speaking after the tree-cutting ceremony, Irene and Christabell said that the union has closed the road on this day. The MLA of Umroi, who has been earning money from this place, until he doesn't know that his earnings have destroyed the road. The village uses, which has affected the peace and development of the villagers.
If you can get up early, it will be very beneficial, both for your health and your education.
The humidity was 62 percent in the morning and 56 percent in the evening.
Concerned about the quality of life of the youth at such times, the Minister urged them not to turn to illegal activities especially drugs but to focus on activities that will build the country. future and society.
Professor Lamare is a lecturer in the Department of History at NEHU.
Minister Lawrence, Trueman Elias and Ballerina Basaiawmoit were also elected to represent the Basaiawmoit on the Central Executive Committee of the 7th Kur Pyllun.
In this regard, the Commission has taken action on similar incidents at the De-addiction Centers in Noida and Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh.
Therefore, the residents are requested to do the following, namely to provide the names of the voters who have died or fled the village, so that their names can be removed from the Electoral Roll.
In fact, the government has done well and has allocated funds to build this road for the benefit of the people of this area and other passers-by.
Therefore, they also requested and reminded the people to come out on the 27th of this month to cast their vote by clicking on the shap with the picture of two flowers.
She also explained the two types of TB including Pulmonary TB which affects the lungs and Extra Pulmonary TB which affects the bones and other parts of the lungs.
Kongthong receives Rnong Medal Kongthong village in Sohra 12 villages, which have only about 140 households and less than 700 inhabitants, without markets, hotels to accommodate tourists, or tourist attractions The BJP MP from Bihar has been awarded the Medal Rnong-Bronze for the fourth category (Medal-Bronze). the top city in the world in tourism, (National Tourist Awards 2023).
Lucknow: A man, who lost his juti, has filed a complaint against the seller and demanded compensation.
It is better to develop a new strategy to avoid conflict with others.
The games will be resumed today.
Slowly when she got home she thought about it... When Panah came he brought soh kreb and biscuits for Rida to drink.
Previous reports filed by the state government show that the landfill will be operational by the end of this year.
It was observed that the workers in the timber factories, furniture factories, petrol pumps have been sitting in the rain because they cannot work without electrical boarding.
“We cannot say that the police can be in every part of Shillong.
Sukma has been one of the seven districts in the northern part of Bastar.
It is in view of the rapid spread of the disease that the state government has implemented a total lockdown in the entire district.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that he does not want Meghalaya to become famous for its corruption or any other activities that impress some politicians. to be known as one of the centers of education.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of KSU Umsning Circle, Peterson Kylla, said that it is surprising to see in the media that James has visited the site from time to time. ri Syiar in which he said that it is sufficient from all sides, “Now that there is no syiar, we can say that it is sufficient, but in our view, those buildings that have been completed cannot be protected. “If it is implemented, it will cause a lot of damage to the drinking water supply,” said Bah Peter.
" Mrs. Irene.
The National Sports Day in India is celebrated every year on the 29th of July, the birth anniversary of Indian hockey player Major Dhyan Chand.
He said that joining and leaving the Congress party will depend on their wishes and it is their decision whether they decide to leave or stay in the party.
Don't worry, even if you don't have a ladder, you don't have a die.
But that Br.
When I said that the obstacle that still needs to be discussed on the political agenda is that both the governments should accept the amnesty for the convictions and drop all the cases in any case. also the form they can take on their part so that we can move forward.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah Hopeful Kharsyiem-lieh of Siejlieh village, Nongstoiñ, has lodged a complaint at the Nongstoiñ Police Station for the absence of his 16-year-old daughter. This month at 5 pm.
Perhaps because he had lost his mind about the enemies, Bah Shanbor suddenly cried out, 'Help.
Police later recovered the body of Amni from Barak-Assam while Bren has not been found yet.
Famous musician Lou Majaw and others who buy his musical instruments have also visited his factory at Iew Markasa.
Niwan Syad scored the third goal in the 8th minute, Wanskhem Khlem in the 38th minute and Lamki Dkhar in the 63rd minute. game.
There are many civil society organizations, traders, religious organizations, which can provide food, rice and other necessities to the refugees, if the government approves. she can no longer control herself, but unfortunately, until now, they don't want to do it themselves and they don't want to hand it over to others.
Rs 20 plan will offer 249 minutes of IUC minutes to non-Jio numbers and 2GB data.
In the second leg, Khliehriat West FC beat Bataw YWSC 1-0 and Mihlang Sutnga scored the first goal for Khliehriat West FC in the 10th minute. 69.
In the second match of the tournament on Tuesday, the team was very friendly and strong in terms of goals.
“It was I who stood in the House and proposed that this Act should be amended but at that time the people probably didn't understand much about this bill.
The discussion concluded with a speech by Dr. Gideon Arulmani, Director, The Promise Foundation, Bangalore on the importance of creating your own story, an important part of culture.
Not only Wellbirth and Monarch were present at the meeting, but also the followers or supporters of these two leaders.
in wool www.cherrapunjee.
As soon as I entered this village, I saw a group of Rangbah sitting in the village square and I asked the man who was leading the way.
Shillong, Naitung 27: While he was on his way from Guwahati to Shillong, a SOT policeman was standing guarding the former President, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam.
On the 6th of June, during the hours when the candidates of the United Democratic Party (UDP) went to register their nomination papers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Nongpoh, of Nongpoh township and this was after a large number of UDP supporters, who went to accompany these candidates during their campaign.
Twitter shares have risen since Musk offered to buy the company, but have never reached $77 a share, as they did in June
In a statement today, FAMASSTA officials said that the news should mislead the public because as it has been agreed since 2013, they will stand firm with JACATAM. All members of FAMASSTA are invited to take part in the strike which will start tomorrow under the banner of JACATAM,” said the members of the Executive Committee of FAMASSTA in a statement.
He said that this government wants to turn the state into a hotbed of idle activities which is against the will of the people and our way of life.
Now the preparation has begun," he said.
Speaking at the 68th Independence Day celebrations at Polo Ground, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the peace and order in Garo Hills has deteriorated due to the activities of armed groups.
Therefore, the work of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne is appropriate and those who wish to discriminate against men should also accept the rules of law, without violating those rules.
We will also send a copy to the DGP to punish him so that it will not be a disgrace to the department,” he said.
Despite many challenges, farmers have an important role to play in ensuring the supply of food during this time of fighting against the coronavirus.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Communist Party of India (CPI) Meghalaya has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills should take action against the increase in the price of beverages in the state which has affected thousands of people.
The Sordar of the village, Bah H.Wahlang, said that the decision to approve these wine stores has already been taken. Since 2014 by the decision of the dorbar with about 100 members of the dorbar, but what is surprising is that for what reason these people are still opposed to what they have decided.
It is learned that out of the three arrested, two of the accused are minors, while one is an adult. .
Sailung Ialong scored the four goals through Arwan Rymbai 16', Bachan Pale 50', 69' and Casper Lhuid 90'+
The next match will be on the 23rd of this month between Ri Bhoi United FC and Naco Imphal of Manipur.
He said that it is only through this policy of the SRT that such incidents can be reduced.
Many of the people from the youth, men and women, the elderly and women in various ranks did not count or care about the day and night, did not care about the loss. They don't have enough time and energy to spend their time and energy thinking only about that candidate and their party. villages and towns, and the time to spread and spread even from house to house as well.
I also urge those who are smart to post on facebook that if they want to point out the shortcomings of fellow Khasi, they should write in Khasi.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 64 new cases have been confirmed and 1052 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Before the rally, they burnt posters with the words NDA and CAA. The march went smoothly and without any incident. Head.
We don't have money.
We have established Circles in 50 constituencies, 24 in Garo Hills and those in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Britain has sent its navy and donated £10 million to the victims, Prime Minister David Cameron said.
What is surprising is that there is a man who owns a shop selling medicines who came to buy these drugs.
He said that in July 2011, T.706.61 lakh was allocated through the Ministry of DONER for the construction of a road in Wah Umngi and this has now been completed.
Replying to a question raised by HSPDP MLA Bah KP Pangniang in the House today, the Prime Minister said that the government has sent two letters to the Assam government to direct the The Deputy Commissioner in charge of the border area with Meghalaya has urged him to refrain from disrupting development works on the border.
The Government has also sent two inspections and found a suitable site in the middle of the Khasi Hills Forest Plantation.
Khliehriat July 10: The condition of the National Highway-6 in Narpuh area has been severely damaged and has put a serious threat to the passengers. they shall not be able to stand.
In a complaint written to the President and the Prime Minister, the employees of the Raj Bhavan, Shillong, have alleged that the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, has increased his salary as the Chief Minister by using mistake the office you have.
Samantha, who has acted in Telegu and Tamil films, has attracted many viewers with her films which have also been a blessing to her.
Shillong, Naitung 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today said that the Central Government has ordered the State Government to suspend all talks. “We have received a request from the central government that there will be no more peace talks with the GNLA,” said Dr Mukul.
However, Meghalaya through Biswa and Nagar tied 231 runs for the loss of four wickets.
Speaking to reporters, Rev.P.Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Forum, said that there are forces from outside the state who want to create religious differences in the state as happened to them. The government has to take action and work in a clean and transparent manner, so that the people will not be in trouble.
Furthermore, the failure to convene a special session is like a threat to the Iing Dorbar Thawaiñ, which is not a place to discuss issues affecting the people by the elected leaders.
If we turn back to our own state, 2023 will be another year of political change, but if we start monitoring from now on, as shown by the signs, The Congress is ready to collapse after Ma Vincent H Pala has taken over as the leader of the MPCC. It is an organization that holds fast to the word 'discipline' which is often used even when there is a dispute, but in the end, the decision is taken by the higher authorities in Delhi or the High Command. This is what has made the Congress one of the parties that the people love and respect and accept as a party that has its own foundations.
The total area is 3.54 acres or 1,54,202.4 square feet.
He also said that there are many countries that want to join the SCO these days, as part of strengthening the SCO and also to help themselves, in times of need. .
Before the elections, we have already decided to vote for those politicians.
We have the foundation of good governance, which means the fight against corruption, because without it we cannot promise anything to the people.
They help to fight colds in the body, are good for shaving and help with colds.
Speaking before the awards ceremony, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, as the chief guest, expressed his happiness and pleasure to take part in the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the school.
We the citizens will break again if the Marten reaches the border which has turned into a mountain built of garbage from the whole city.
After the meeting, the President of KSU Nongpoh Circle, Samla Johh Lyngdoh, said that the KSU Nongpoh Circle is deeply saddened by the shortcomings of the Civil Hospital. The Superintendent has also learned that this health facility is in the midst of many problems.
In another match, Brazil beat South Korea 4-1
The meeting was not attended by the UDA MDCs led by Teinwel Dkhar and only the MDCs from the UDF led by Latiplang.
Now the household has been destroyed by this act of yours, the fact that you have lost your wife and destroyed your child has become a great sin.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the trucks coming from Assam to Shiliang Um area to carry jhur were seized by the Sengbhalang yesterday.
Dr Laloo's reply was in the Legislative Assembly today, to a question raised by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy who wanted to know whether it is true or not that the government has any intention of developing the country. Shillong Polytechnic to a fully qualified Engineering College.
The Principal of the school, Bah Richard B. Uriah, announced that 10 students who have scored more than 80% will receive scholarships or those who have entered classes in XI Science free of charge.
Since Captain WA Sangma, President of the APHLC, together with a group of his supporters, dissolved the APHLC at the Mendipathar General Assembly on November 16, they have had the opportunity to rule the state on occasion, they cannot unite and remain.
Short speeches were delivered by the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary, while on behalf of the 6th MLP BN, Bah R Rapsang, Head Assistant of the Office of the Commandant, 6th MLP BN, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, Government. The State on Thursday laid the foundation stone for the construction of a new building for the Science Block of Sohkha Government Higher Secondary School.
“The state government is not yet competent to implement central government schemes for the benefit of the residents and this has caused a huge loss to the people who should benefit from them. different types of schemes".
He said that during the 12 hour curfew, although the DC's office was open, but the attendance of staff was very low. The curfew was in force from 5 pm to 5 pm. evening.
Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, Bah KC Khyriem and MLA of the constituency was the chief guest in the presence of Bah L Blah, MDC of the constituency, Bah D Marbaniang. Rangbah Shnong of Mawngap Mawsmai, Bah PT Passah, Block Development Officer, Mawphlang C&RD, along with various colleges and schools in the area.
The HYC has alleged that there are more than 70 foreigners working in these factories.
Furthermore, the DSO Office also distributed prizes and trophies to the winners and runners up along with certificates.
When Meghalaya was independent, the border was divided and most of the land fell to Assam, while there was only a small part of the Mylliem Hima in Meghalaya.
The challenge now for the whole country is whether it will remain silent without helping its brothers and sisters living on the border.
Another is that money is the root of all evil.
He said that as a leader, he just wants to give advice, so as to avoid any problems.
“We have also directed the social welfare department and the state police department to create opportunities for the people involved in prostitution to leave the industry and come to return to a good society and get rid of these kinds of selfish activities"
In a statement, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President, said that it cannot accept to make Hindi compulsory in schools up to Class X. Hindi is very difficult to read for those who do not speak it.
Not only that, there are other ministers of the Indian government who have not contested the elections, including Nirmala Sitharaman, who is the Defense Minister and many others. They are intellectuals or intellectuals, but they don't want to contest elections for many reasons.
Impossible to comment.
Shillong: "There are reports, which are not pleasant and I have seen an article in the newspaper, in which the Niti Aayog, shows that Meghalaya is the poorest state.
you're playing.
“We have to consider and read carefully the law ordered by the NGT to demolish the buildings in Wahumkhrah,” said Bah Kharmalki.
Previously, the MBOSE used to send the original certificates of candidates who passed after 2/3 years to various schools.
All these requirements should be met before the school opens.
There are only 2 households which are still covered with traw, which have to be turned over to the government authorities and MLA/MDC. and one Anganwadi centre.
The AIUDF has 15 MLAs in Assam and is strong in Bengali-speaking Muslim areas.
We have to create appropriate measures that will not affect the damage to the environment," he stressed.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya has set a target to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam, which has lasted since the independence of the state.
There have been 111 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
The visit was accompanied by Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh, Bah H Langi, Rangbah Shnong Mawlong Nongtluh. The meeting was held at the village to explain to the people that they should not be afraid or panic, as the health department has already done all the necessary and the Rangbah has been placed in the Quarantine Center of the government. and he is also in the midst of a healthy body.
In a statement sent to the media, the HYC strongly condemns the Government authorities for protecting the foreigners who live on Government land whether they are residents of Them Metor or not. at Maxwelton Estate.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,221 with 117 deaths and 354 new cases reported in the past 24 hours.
“The laying of the foundation stone of these roads will be one of the ways to help and bless the people of the villages where the road is one of the pillars of income,” said Bah Renik. .
Commercial vehicles from Assam, which were trying to enter Meghalaya on 22nd November, were detained by the Assam Police at Jorabat Police Outpost, where they did not allow these Assam vehicles to enter Shillong. .
Speaking to media after the meeting with the EM of Trade, the General Secretary of EKLTWA, Bah Alkwiz John Kharbani, said that the meeting with the EM was because so far there has never been one. also to demand that the KHADC should exercise its authority in this regard.
According to the estimates, one household has about 12 or 15 people and the total number of affected people in the seven households has reached 100 people.
The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CFSO) would like to remind the Government of Meghalaya that in the month of April, the Government of Meghalaya should introduce the ILP system in Meghalaya. It has promised to introduce the powers of the ILP into the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act.
"Of course it's just a movie, but in your mind, how do you think it will end? Here you can judge yourself if you stand up for the rights of those who are being persecuted without cause or...? The Work is the flesh and blood of the Mind.
In fact, IIT Roorkee should have filed a defamation case against the Government,” said Bah Rani.
These members, who number more than 100, will hold a rally on the 28th of this month, from 11 am to 2 pm, the report said.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr BDR Tiwari, IAS, said that people from abroad are surprised to hear that people from India When they greet the people of this state, they offer kwai and tympew along with the shun which is also a sign of gratitude and love which is part of the customs and traditions of the people of this state. .
Bah F Kongwang, Sordar of Raid Mukertilla, who witnessed the tragedy on that tragic day, said that he left Shillong at 5 pm on November 16 and arrived at Wahkdait. by 9pm; However, due to the heavy traffic jam, he had to walk for 5 hours from Wahkdait to Umsyiem and arrived home at 2 pm.
“This cow market is held every day and this has allowed the illegal cow traders to smuggle cows to Bangladesh,” said the union leaders. The union has had to increase the price of cows to cover the price of cows.
Thousands of seats were distributed to the villages which have not yet received seats from the MLA Scheme, so that they can use them in case of death, food and other needs in the village.
They said that after the suspension of the work, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam, has visited the village to meet with the people, but until now he has not been able to complete the work. This is because the Assam police have been using force.
Besides these, the children were also given training in various fields and employment opportunities.
The increasing harassment of Nongdie Madan by the government authorities in our own country will become one of the main reasons for the decline in the value of the Khasi people, especially at this time of crisis. now is the time to get more jobs.
It is to be recalled that the Ryndia is a traditional Khasi dress made using the Ryndia ksai from this State especially in Ri Bhoi District and other places.
Abhay Gurung (46) and Aman Gurung (66) scored for Gorkha.
The landslide has caused traffic jam on the National Highway-6 until the ground has been cleared by the authorities.
Aizawl beat Shillong Lajong 2-2 in the first leg of the tournament.
The NVDA was formed on 31st October 1963 and was a steady struggle that led to the independence of the state.
Eric Sawlyer has been appointed President of MPUF Shillong Unit and Ador Susngi has been appointed as General Secretary.
The incident happened at 9 pm this evening and many villages in the Ribhoi area have been affected.
Also present on the occasion were MLAs Ardent Basawmoit and Adelbert Nongrum.
On the other hand, Bah Rankynsai said that the festival is not only to earn money from the Council but to showcase to the world the richness of culture and traditions. of the Nation through the various Himas.
Hey, if we believe in the words jali jaum of the pnah thylliej, this shatri, the kombor, the khiew, the plate, the bam, the money is the charity of the candidate for you.
He said that the CoT in its reply in November 2020 said that the officers in their offices cannot proceed with the work without receiving the order from the government as this will lead to the disobedience of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 03 : The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has said that before starting the vaccination campaign for those children under five years of age who have not completed the vaccination, it is the responsibility of the religious groups. , villages, media and government departments not only the Health Department.
He said that there were nine passengers in the bus and during the search, they found 45 byrni of kwai supari and handed over the kwai and the driver of the bus to the Phramer Traffic Cell.
In connection with this incident, police have also tried to investigate the driver of a Maruti car local nearby. At the time of writing of this news, no one has been able to identify the robbers who tried to set fire to the office.
Others include Prestone Tynsong, Lahkmen Rymbui, Renikton L. Tongkhar, Kyrmen Shylla, James Sangma and others.
Emergency Number (NERS): 112 and 2).
When they reached this place according to the promise to give a human head to erect this stone at this place, they dropped a tinshun into this hole which they had dug to erect this stone and ordered One of the servants went into the well to pick up the tin of shun. At this time, when the man went down, they threw down a stone from his height and threw it on him. In fulfillment of the promise to give a head of a human being, until now this stone stands at this place in the Mulong market of Nartiang.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang while issuing a notification to the Expert Committee through the Personnel & AR (B) Department of the State Government.
On the other hand, Bah SK Sun, congratulated and hoped that the success of the work of the Seng Khynnah of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong will continue from one year to another.
Process stood up from his seat and said, “Don't raise your hand because I'm not afraid of you” and then complained to the Chairperson alleging that Ardent used the word 'Stupid' against him. .
This too conflicted between government and religious law.
Besides the kidnapping of several Khasi by the Garo rebels, another issue that the government is afraid of is the KHNAM's stirring up of the issue of job allocation. There are also some political parties in Lum Garo who have written in the newspapers about this issue.
Gordon Marngar, Secretary NDSA, Bah DH Lyngdoh, Secretary Referee Committee, Bah GJL Sangriang, Member of the Football Committee, Bah G Syiemlieh, Secretary Football Committee and others.
Therefore, the Seng congratulates the BSF, Police, who have taken immediate action to arrest these three Bangladeshis who came to steal and steal the property of the villagers. bsah of the inhabitants of this area.
Geeta stabbed herself in the head and legs and set herself on fire and died shortly afterwards.
“As leaders we have a responsibility and we have a big role to work hard and I urge all the 30 MDCs to work together because this is not only the responsibility of the Executive Committee but It is the responsibility of the Council as a whole for the cleanliness in the four districts.
According to the union, it was found that these foreigners did not test at Umling and entered the state. easy.
He said that a manual to explain the rules to be given to all the village chiefs has been prepared now, so that they can be comforted and follow the rules according to this manual to avoid any mischief by anyone. Shillong: Two civil society organizations, the Shillong Circle and the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement, led by their two presidents, Samla Treiborlang R Suchen and Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, have decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue of NOC. He met with the Chairman of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Shillong.
One KSU member was killed and several KSU members and residents of Ichamati area were injured in the attack.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the mock drill should be reduced.
– There are many things that make you afraid and worried.
According to police, they received information about the incident on Thursday and all those arrested were taken to a nearby hospital for treatment.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest also inaugurated the PG Block (South Wing) which has an elevator and an auditorium funded by RUSA 2.0 and the College.
The provision is from quarantine or isolation wards in different parts of the district along with other assistance and protection measures.
“And the Word became flesh” John 1:1
Shortly after the meeting, there were allegations from Assam that Meghalaya had cut down 250 bighas of land and collected taxes which was stopped by the Assam police.
Shillong, Naitung 24: In order to encourage the youth to take up science subjects, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government will introduce a special scholarship scheme for students of the state to encourage them to study in the field of science.
After the audition, about 30 contestants were selected to take part in the final and these are 10 in the Miss, 10 in the Mr and 10 in the Mrs 1-Nartiang Constituency.
Dau Ruhi scored these goals in the 45th, 47th, 55th, 63rd, 75th and 85th minutes.
He said he would meet Bah Lamboklang soon to discuss the issue as the government has not yet received his resignation letter.
I too respect the human rights of every human being and I will never allow my rights to be violated by others.
The MPCC chief has accused the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government of laying the foundation stone and opening the Community and Rural Development Block before the elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : The Iewduh, the largest market in Shillong, on Monday was closed and almost all the shops were closed.
When asked when the Commission will send its report to the Assam Government, Justice Phukan said, “...it will have to be concluded because the Investigating Officer has not brought the Case Diary. He will have to submit a Case Diary on the investigation conducted and the evidence collected and on the evidence from the IO. IO and other witnesses available we will give our decision.
So for now they have stopped the construction of that road because they want the scientists to visit those stones.
Shillong: The Sordar of Syntung, Robert Pale, on Tuesday said that nine people were bombed at Pashang in Lad Mawlang outside Syntung.
He also suggested to the Central Government to provide assistance to the States for the strengthening of health facilities in each State.
Look at the road where the cows walk, what is the soil like? In this parable of Jesus, the road represents the changed hearts of people, whether fathers, mothers, or children. young, religious ministers, faithful, churchgoers and anyone who has received praise from others.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 5: The Chairman of the District Council, Bah LG Nongsiej on Saturday visited the Mawsyrpat Road from Seinduli to Nonglang Village. The KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Service will be held from the 24th to the 26th of this month at the Nonglang Presbyterian Church.
Besides, when trying to get information about those who were accused of killing and possessing the cow, although they did not find any confession that they had committed the crime, but from the discussions it was understood that the reason for the killing and possession of the cow. They have done this because they are too angry about the widespread release of cows by the Nepalis, because many of the crops of the Khasi have been damaged or devoured by the cows.
The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has appointed the XV Election to the KSU Executive Committee for the term 2023-2 The election will be held on the 06th June, 2023 from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaïaw, Shillong.
At the launch of the book in Khasi entitled “Ki Kjat Jingshai ka mynnor.
This has led to the damage to vehicles and also to the exploitation of the owners of petrol pumps.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said he did not know anything about the leaders who forced the National People's Party (NPP) to elect former Mawhati MP Dasakhiatbha Lamare as the new MLA. Shillong Parliamentary seat.
To preserve the culture, to promote sports in the Constituency and to bring about the same stadiums, he has a desire to eradicate corruption, to bring about a clean environment, as well as to establish Training Centres, Coaching Centres, Skill Development Centers and other modern assistance facilities.
The destruction in 70 AD of the City of Jerusalem and the Second Temple in Jerusalem.
Because there are many Ryndia cups that are precious in honor and knowledge.
Lasting Suchiang (TMC) got 872 votes, Currentis Rabon (BJP) got 110 votes and NOTA got 360 votes.
The source said that at 1:50 pm on the 20th, police found the truck carrying Dewbilat with the number plate. AS-01-RC-3530, driven by Teining Parien, was heading from Lumshnong to Guwahati when it collided with a Maruti Alto K1 The driver of the Maruti Alto K10, number ML-05S-5217, came from the opposite direction and died on the spot.
After the confirmation ceremony, Bah Wanphrang Syiem, who also gave a speech of encouragement to these office bearers as well as to the villagers for the betterment of the village. .
Rujira was detained along with her two children at Kolkata airport on Tuesday while she was planning to leave for the UAE. the investigative team at 11 a.m. on July 8.
The Nehru-Noon Agreement was signed between Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, Prime Minister of India and Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Feroz Khan Noon in
“MeECL's action is a violation of the rights of the people, because the bill comes after 9, 10 years and the people have to pay tens of thousands of rupees. “Why do the people have to face these problems, MeECL should take responsibility for these actions and not the people,” he said.
Nongpoh: With the aim of bringing unity and cooperation with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (SRSRBD), the village leaders of Raid Marwet and those on the border with Assam, on Saturday at Umtyrnga. , they formed a group, known as the Union of Village Elders.
Hek said the MOU was signed between the state government and KPC since 2012 for the construction of Shillong Medical College at Mawprem. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, has already considered the MOU with the KPC company.
Shillong: The final quarter final of the 4th Kiw Sing Memorial Football Tournament organized by the Sports and Cultural Club Pongtung was a thrilling match in which both the teams fought hard to qualify for the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Lyngkyrdem FC scored the first goal in the 35th minute through Batskhem Thangkhiew.
The HNLC urges Conrad Sangma to leave Khasi-Jaintia which is part of the Khasi people and fight for his own Garo state which will fall under India. Your father Purno A Sangma is right.
Removal of difficulty – If any difficulty arises in relation to the operation of the laws mentioned in section 2, the Governor may, by order notified in the Official Gazette, make such provision as he may consider necessary for the removal of such difficulty.
A friend of mine told me that he strongly criticized the unfounded article of this religious leader and sent it to the same English newspaper from Shillong, which published the article, but the newspaper did not it did not produce his explanation, because they belonged to the same company, for various purposes.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today visited Krang village in Sohiong constituency to seek support for the National People's Party (NPP) Leader. NPP candidate, Bah Samlin Malngiang.
Through this Act, those who store coal in these areas are urged to clean up within 48 hours from the date of implementation and those who violate will be prosecuted under the Act.
Police have arrived at the scene to take the body of the man from the ground.
“Conrad and Lahkmen will kill us because they think we are nothing in front of them,” he said.
Shillong: Thirty girls from Meghalaya have arrived in Shillong to start their preparations for the Under-19 Games.
For the Third Division teams, the minimum auction price is T.5000 and they have been able to increase the price as much as possible,” said Ma Lammat OO Laloo.
Shillong, Naitung: The 50 Bn Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya in collaboration with the Civil Hospital, Ampati, South West Garo Hills, on the 17th of this month conducted a voluntary blood donation programme. Blood Donation Camp) where more than 45 members of the BSF came to donate blood with the intention of helping to save the lives of others.
Other MLAs from Garo Hills who spoke at the ceremony said that Timothy was loved by the people as Tymmen because he was a strong man to stand on the foundation and work for the country. physical activities in addition to public service.
Surprisingly, the JAC through its RTI reply has alleged that there has been misuse of funds for the implementation of this scheme and alleged that the buildings have been constructed incorrectly and do not match the funds allocated.
About 5.14 lakh school children are eligible to benefit from this scheme.
The rain fell for 40 days and 40 nights, and the whole earth was covered, even the high mountains and all flesh died, both man and beast.
The party strongly condemns the MDA government, as the Prime Minister himself took oath on 5th July 2019 at State Central in front of the people that he should not destroy the environment and should protect it. .
Adelbert said the reason why he had to appeal to the Election Commission of India for his leadership is because he can no longer just watch and listen to the problems within the KHNAM party. He said that Jaiaw and Mawkhar are the strongholds of KHNAM but there has been violence from the old leaders under the leadership of Bah Pyndap Saibon.
Since 2020, the death of Dr. Sailo has shocked and shocked the residents of this state, after a few months there are a few more deaths. first you don't have a cat.
Shillong, Nailur 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul M Sangma on Saturday said that just as Meghalaya has been achieved without any bloodshed, it is also the way for all religions to live in peace without any bloodshed. anything that feels different.
According to Conrad, it is understood that the formation of groups among the non-Congress parties has already started before the elections and as soon as the election results are announced, there will be only the formation of a government without any need to find allies. .
The residents of West Khasi Hills are very fond of cultivating and planting trees in their gardens, but it is sad to say that the district authorities through the office of the Chief Executive Officer, The district or the Deputy Commissioner together with the relevant office, has not yet recognized the specially recognized varieties of soh in the district.
We don’t see any problem there.
As we draw closer to God, there are promises in our lives that will bring us happiness.
Visitors are not allowed to bring into the venue water bottles, cigarettes, cigarettes or flags, knives, lighters, laptop bags, beer, kwai, tobacco and that's shy.
The Mawjymbuin Crematorium in Mawsynram has been handed over by the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima according to the Memorandum of Understanding. (MoU).
The CM was also briefed on the need to continue the talent identification program which started in 2017 as part of the development of the state's talents. Others who attended the meeting were WMS Booth, MCS, Director, DSYA, Bah B Syiem, Chief Engineer, Meghalaya State Sports Council, and Consultant, E&Y, DSYA. East Jaintia Hills District and Ri Bhoi District have received new Deputy Commissioners (DCs).
Kharge won by 6,000 votes against Tharoor, with 7,897 votes, while his opponent received only 1,000 votes and 416 rejected votes.
Nongpoh, Nailar 01: Four days after the Assam government through the Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC), has raided and looted Meghalaya's land in Khanapara, KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, together with the Village Leaders of Khanapara, the Syiem of Raid Marwet and the Seng Khanapara Longkmie, today met with the PC Gotmare, DC of Ri Bhoi District. , to seek information on the decisions taken by the Government and the District, regarding the illegal act committed by the Assam Government in Khanapara.
“There is a fact that we have forgotten our leaders, we are quick to forget,” said Bah Lapang.
When asked whether these decisions mean that those construction projects in Saitsohpen which have been constructed without permission from the village authorities should be removed, he said, “Ho, oid ka government. “It should be suspended until it is rearranged, we have to look into it, we have to cut it first,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM. who have been robbed without the knowledge of the village authorities.
The MBoSE doesn't want students to get high marks in Social Sciences but it does it to discourage students especially when they don't get proper explanation from non-school teachers due to the lockdown. The lockdown in 2021 has been imposed due to the spread of Covid-1
Speaking to reporters, Field Co-Ordinator of the Sikh United Mahinder Jit Singh said that the Sikh United is an organization around the world to help people of the Sikh religion.
Nangkiew Irat, meanwhile, remained in ninth position alongside Nongthymmai.
Raju also said that there will be a technological revolution in the country in the next five years.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: With the aim of commemorating one of the traditional farming methods of the Karbi people before they plant the seeds of rice in the fields, known as the 'Krut Lyngkha' The residents of Rongmasek village, Ri Bhoi District, have revived the traditional farming method led by their ancestors on Lum Mawshawing of Rongmasek village, Ri Bhoi District.
They can cause a lot of anxiety, require a lot of money and perseverance.
The credit goes to the Modi government for now banning vehicles from plying the roads.
It is learned that in Khapsor, there is no mluh anymore in the small shops or shops in the village because the people have driven away those who are faster to buy first and those who have not bought for months. In Nongstoin, the same incident has happened in Nongstoin. The residents have carried 5 or 6 kilos each person just to feed themselves.
She said that in the past when she started working she used to hear the smell but now it has become a thousand times and she doesn't smell much anymore. and sliang to announce, and at the time of eating, he came to eat a lot, and suddenly it was not like a house to enter a little.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: Police in West Jaintia Hills District today arrested a man identified as Welting Niang from Shangpung, Khliehrangnah and seized a homemade rifle.
The findings were first published by The Washington Post on Friday.
“We have been informed that the government plans to release their outstanding share of Rs 36 crore," he said.
Speaking to media, Bah Sumar Swer President of Lynti Jam Football Club said that this is the 7th time that Lynti Jam Football Center will host this tournament in collaboration with SPT Sports Bangalore. The tournament will be held in the U-13 men's and U-16 women's categories and all teams from clubs, villages and schools are invited to take part in the tournament. to promote football in the state.
He said the government will bring in development works for the improvement of Ialong village and Ialong park.
Rymbai Wahshnong scored the first goal of the match in the 78th minute.
How many Christians, Sikhs, Jains and other religions there are, this is nothing but an attempt to turn India into a Hindu country”.
It is alleged that the Director has harassed Dr Tony Ete, a young man from the area, who is trained in Cardiology and has harassed him in various ways for not allowing him to he was admitted to the hospital.
“However, little or no action has been taken on this issue.
Speaking to media, Bah HM Shangpliang admitted that all three candidates have already submitted their resignation letters from their parties and the Lamphang has accepted the resignation letter. this is their resignation.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Conrad K Sangma in Shillong, Anup Chetia, Chairman of the North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) in the presence of FKJGP, RBYF, HNYF, “We have not yet discussed the ILP because there are still problems in Assam, but I feel that in Meghalaya it can be implemented easily and the state should take advantage of this,” he said.
Adding to his speech, the Minister of Village Council expressed his special gratitude to Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah F.B.Basan, MCS because it was through their suggestions and consultations that this site was implemented and built.
On the other hand, the Local Director of Topcem, Bah Phon Syih, in the presence of other officials of the company, explained to the members of the church that there is such a statement but the person who said it did not mean. However, the speaker refers to a church built within the boundary of the factory.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow 9.12.2021 at 1 pm at the Church of Christ, Jowai.
Dr Chuba Ao, Chairman of the BJP Meghalaya, in the past few months, said that the BJP will withdraw its support from the MDA within six months but nothing has been seen yet. now.
The Government should not use public money for the activities and functions of its political parties.
the ground floor room was built as an office, while the upper floor was occupied by two families.
Ryntih Sports & Cultural Club, Shillong, has donated T.1 lakh worth of football equipment to the Ryntih Sports & Cultural Club, Shillong. full of joy and great gratitude.
When asked, Sarma said, “As we have said, these seven areas are the most difficult and therefore the regional committees headed by older people from both sides have worked hard to visit. We believe that everything will be resolved in peace and understanding.
In Diphu constituency in Karbi Anglong, the incumbent MP, Horen Sing Bey, has been removed from his ticket and Amar Sing Tiso has been elected as the new candidate.
The NPP, which leads the MDA government today, won the strongest majority in the 60-seat Legislative Assembly, with Ferlin getting 15,781 votes while June, his wife. Clement received 11,412 votes.
It is a violation of the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
“The AFSPA is not the answer, the state government can work with the security forces from the government. Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for Home Affairs, said.
West Garo Hills has 60 cases, South Garo Hills 8 cases, East Jaintia Hills 4 cases and East Garo Hills 2 cases.
Shillong, July 31: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin has launched a campaign to promote clean air and forest resilience. The MBDA has launched a project called the Agro Forestry Carbon Credit Scheme.
The baby was born on 7th March 2022 and doctors found that she had a hernia.
They also encouraged the other youths who are still under training to work hard and diligently so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
Mut what? The 1968 Act was passed alone without the ADCs, Syiem, Dalloi and Nokmas.
There are about 10,656 violators who have received e-challans worth T.20,000 this year but have not been able to pay.
Hundreds of youths have lined up at the office of the Deputy Commissioner Shillong to apply for the post of Constable in the Excise Department of East Hills. while 2648 youths applied for the post.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Congress party has started looking for the root causes of the decline of the Congress party.
Therefore, we have decided with all the parties involved that we will have to close it down, but this will be done by road and through consultation with all the parties in accordance with the rules,” he said. The CM said that the government has actually taken steps to resolve the issue in consultation with various groups and employees. together with the teams and employees in which we will implement the VRS and also in the form of a final handshake with the full staff of MCCL. Conrad said the Government has not yet taken a final decision on this issue and is currently preparing the rules to be followed for the closure of the factory.
He said the PWD department has already identified the site for the construction of the bridge below the present dam.
In this statement, the Seng urges the Dorbar Shnongs across the district and the border villages to cooperate with the Seng and stop such activities as the Dorbar Shnongs themselves are the stieh. to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
The National Federation of New States (NFNS) has demanded the creation of a new state in Assam to Bodoland, West Bengal to Gorkhaland, Tripura to create a new state. Meghalaya, Khasi Jaintia State, Garoland and others have joined the group demanding a new state from the Government of India.
“It is a fact that our MDC Fantin J Lakadong has decided to leave the Congress party and join the NPP in the District Council. of his own supporters,” said the CLP Congress leader.
I don't know if you're going to have an online class or if you can't go offline.
At the same time, it was requested that if anyone carries a lot of money in any constituency during this election, they should have documents to prove their need to escape arrest and if anyone tries to If you have any questions, please contact us at
Shillong: On the night of the 2nd of this month, at 11 pm, police received a tip on the presence of prostitutes on the Barik-Dhankheti road. vehicle to the place to buy the bodies of these women.
The Khasi Christian does the same, and does not want to convert or convert that foreign wife and her children.
Police have registered a case against the suspect at Lumdiengjri Police Station.
The BC Roy Trophy will be held from 5th to 15th November this year.
The price of petrol has now risen to T.80.50 per liter in Delhi and T.87.89 per liter in Mumbai.
“We want the government to provide us with more space so that we can do it from one place without having to go up and down the vehicles,” said Nath.
They expressed these demands at two programs to mark the Decent Worker Day Celebration, which was held in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority (MSLSA) at Ferrando Transit. Shelter Home, Mawlai on the 7th of this month and another one was held on the 5th of this month at Lapalang Village. N.A.Khan, District Sessions Judge.
“This action of the police to destroy the patriotic service of the members of the party does not mean that we should be afraid but will encourage the members and other youths to work hard for the welfare of the party members. The jaidbynriew and the two parties also prohibit the police from touching their fellow citizens and especially the members of the party in a violent manner but in a humane manner.
To assist these people with disabilities, the Social Welfare Department will install wheelchairs at the Polling Stations to make it easier for these people to exercise their right to vote.
The free entry of such people not only deprives the indigenous traders, but also puts children at risk especially women.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD (R) department, on Tuesday said that the road from Umshyrpi to Bañiun is still in the process of being called for a new tender. .
It has been known since ancient times and until the past decades that the Ïewduh is the food chain of the Bri u Hynniewtrep, but it is sad to see now that this food chain of the people of the State. to be robbed by foreigners from all over the country.
Self-esteem as a human being, a sense of equality and a sense of love and appreciation for one's own nation will be the panacea to cure us from these debilitating diseases.
“We are still the same, we support Bah Pynshngain, we have not discussed anything,” said Bah Pyndap.
Nongpoh: Leaders of Nongpoh Constituency, including Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA, Balajied Rani, MDC, together with officers from the PHE department, today inaugurated the Nongtyrlaw Combine Water. Supply Scheme, a water distribution scheme in the village, which was implemented through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) of the Central Government, which has received a budget of T.2,5 57 crore, for the distribution of water to the households in Nongtyrlaw, Nongpoh.
He said that the party had planned to hold the event earlier as the people have started planting rice, but due to the lack of scientists it had to be held on the 25th. that they may not miss this opportunity which shall be a help unto them.
In a statement issued by the General Secretary, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, the party has announced that the party has raised the flag at Jaïaw Jingthang Briew.
Speaking on the occasion, Nababratta Bhattacharjee (President of MCA) urged the players to fight hard and also to have the goal of playing for the country.
In fact, the HPC last month handed over to the PWD department to conduct the tender for three selected companies including Shapoorji Pallonji Co Ltd, Simplex Infrastructure Ltd and Shri Gautam Construction. Company Ltd.
The two members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly have been suspended from the Congress party after they left to support the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government along with three others. Kimfa Marbaniang for Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, Mayralborn Syiem for Nongpoh constituency and Process T. Sawkmie is the leader of the Mawlai Constituency.
Earlier, A. Singh, IAS, SDO (Sadar), East Jaintia Hills District, demonstrated through video conferencing how the app works. districts shall be paid by the State Government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shakliar Warjri, as the candidate, said that for three years he has been trying to meet the people in every village in the constituency, to request for their support. He said that in each village, there are still many shortcomings and in the midst of his efforts, there are many criticisms by saying that his election in Mawthadraishan, is only for the sake of but all these comments are just the rhetoric of some opponents.
“I have advised them to follow the implementation rules and if possible, we will simplify some of the rules to enable timely implementation," he said.
Shillong: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has questioned the former Meghalaya United Allowance (MUA) government. Congress leads Assam on the occupation of disputed land.
He also urged the public to wear masks and follow the rules to fight against COVID-1
Eugene E Shylla scored the second goal for Mawlai in the 1st minute and Stephanfield Lanong in the 76th minute.
To address the problems, the Government has worked hard as much as possible and has implemented the National Health Mission to improve health services in accordance with the Indian Public Health Standards.
The EM said the Council has urged all markets from Hima, Village, Raid or private individuals to implement the Council's decision to ban the use of plastic in the markets.
In connection with the incident, police have arrested a suspect involved in the incident, identified as Shaquille Taylor, 29 years old.
Ridap Thangkhiew, 27, of Nongkseh, Laimer was arrested and 2 tins of Golden weighing 1.51 grams were seized.
During the inspection, the union found that there were foreign workers from Bihar who did not have work permits and labor licences. employees to the state of origin.
The Minister of State for Community & Rural Development, AT Mondal on the 13th of this month, said that he has sent a letter to the Union Department regarding the problems arising from the implementation of the to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) scheme.
Other speakers included Ariston Dhar, District Program Manager, NHM.
It is worth mentioning that the reason why the Union has convened a meeting with the leaders of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (PTMA) is because the Union has recently held a meeting with the leaders of the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya. The Congress has already appealed to the public to stop the smuggling of Umphniang to Meghalaya and demanded the release of its members, who have been arrested on charges of involvement in the smuggling of Umphniang in the middle of the road. They were arrested by the Meghalaya Police.
According to the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, these youths were arrested on charges of throwing stones at a march of Rangbah Shnong near the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Thousands of Kuki people have been displaced and suffered the destruction of their homes, killings and recently two Kuki women were raped by Meitei robbers. shaking the whole of India.
This has helped to increase the strength of biodiversity within 12-18 months.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that since the agreement was reached, nothing has come out of the HNLC which can disrupt the talks. only a fake letter demanding money which the police will investigate.
Speaking to reporters, he said that after the people have elected him again as their leader, he has focused more on how to serve the people of Mawlai constituency and in general. and the whole state.
This is where the need for transportation comes from, including the transportation of agricultural products by rail.
“We will invite all the MLAs of Meghalaya to come to the Legislative Assembly if the Meghalaya government does not set a date for the special session,” he said.
The sick people have had to suffer and listen in the midst of their illnesses and some have had to die suffering because they did not receive the treatment they should have received due to the severe impact of the war. to your life.
In another development, Dr. Adviser Pariong has decided not to contest the mid-term elections despite strong pressure from his supporters and the final decision. He said this at a meeting held today at Ri-Khasi Free Morning School, Nongstoin.
On the other hand, Pastor PBM Basa Iawmoit said that he has improved significantly this time compared to
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Fact Finding Team (FTT) set up by the opposition groups will meet next month to gather and provide the information collected from the inspection of electricity projects in the state. last month.
I don't understand what the composition of the immune system is, how it strengthens our immune system. If you can explain more, please explain. I don't know how to do that.
“I stand for the life and death of the nation and I cannot hand over to others,” he said.
In a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner, the JSU has demanded that the recognition or agreement between the DIC Office and M/s Toby Dora Furniture or Tip Por Lypon should be canceled. to continue to see the deception and misleading of young people who intend to train in such fields so that they can stand on their own feet.
As of 24.03.20, in India, the virus has spread to more than 38,000 people and more than 17,000 people have died, except in Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 03: The road is the source of income, transportation, travel and is also the most important part for the residents.
“But even in the short term, look at the turnout here.
This mother has left behind seven children.
He said that there may be more MDCs who will join the PDF in the coming days.
“We wanted to allow companies to take land for this purpose but it didn't happen,” said Bah Tynsong.
Ex-MLA Adelbert Nongrum (MLA) from 17-North Shillong Constituency and Mayborn Lyngdoh from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency also joined the party. The VVP has announced these two candidates as its candidates for the upcoming elections from these two constituencies.
In a statement, the elders of the area, including Phrastar Shabong, Borar Kharkongor, Koljenson Kharkongor and Lung Kharumnuid, said that Phudwah Weisniang is the only source of drinking water. of the residents of Diengkynthong (Mawjrong) and Swer Lumbah, and which is also used as a cleaning place.
It's a bad thing.
Thus he laid the foundation for a new way of thinking and set an example of how to establish the Kingdom of God or to establish the foundations of the kingdom of God here on earth.
Bah B.Kharbihkhiew arrived at Tyrso village as one of the chief guests at the awareness program organized by the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society. -Im not put by God on earth.
Dawki-Tamabil and Dalu-Nakugaon are the two border crossings opened for Bhutan to travel from India to Bangladesh. South Asian Preferential Trade Arrangement.
Abbasalilu received various information and weapons from officials of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards in Iran.
It was also informed that the Municipal employees will collect the garbage from each household at a price.
I.Kharsati scored the first goal for Mawryngkneng in the 33rd minute while R.Kharjana scored the first goal for Raitsamthiah in the 19th minute.
Later, the Government renamed it Raj Bhavan on November 6,
JOWAI: The Ministry of Home Affairs (NDAL) has reopened the National Database of Arms Licenses (NDAL) portal until July 29, 2020 for the uploading of existing firearms licenses. The Deputy Commissioner has requested all firearms owners who have received their licenses or are renewing their licenses by 31st November 2016 to submit their licenses to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills by 31st November October 2020.
That's right sir, besides the recruitment, we also need transparency in recruitment.
He said the government does not support or reject the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as demanded by the political parties but it intends to strengthen the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act 2016 so that it will be implemented as intended.
The MP from Shillong Parliamentary Seat has selected Shangpung as one of the villages in Jaintia Hills to receive this scheme along with others in the Khasi Pnar Hills.
The Chief Minister said that at the meeting, it was also suggested that the Urban Development Department should prepare a new site to provide accommodation to others who are still in the area. the Urban Development Department to prepare the recommendation and submit it to the Cabinet meeting.
Speaking on the occasion of World Breast Feeding Day at NEIGRHIMS on Saturday, Dr. Himesh said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has tried to educate as many women as possible to breastfeed women. Infants should be fed with breast milk but the appearance of many advertisements has changed everything.
Jeremiah 31:35–36.
Leading leaders of the party including Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, Titos Shadap, Manda Bareh, Daiowanphi Jakai, Lanaika Kyndiah and Shanbor Dkhar were also honoured.
On the other hand, Gabriel thanked all the MLAs, MDCs, Sengbhalang and private individuals who have helped and supported him to reach this level.
Besides, they also expressed their determination to stand firmly for the rights and welfare of the people they lead.
He said that after the inspection, the KSU expressed its regret to see the insults against the farmers and the damage to the goods brought by these farmers, while other people from other states. They allowed them to come to the blind to see the farmers of the state.
This is the first time in the country's census that India's income has declined.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 34 and the number of new cases has risen to
At the same time, he strongly condemned the construction of road from Assam to Meghalaya as happened in New Balakhawa.
In those days when there were no newspapers, radio, TV, mobile or internet like today, this news of victory/defeat in the struggle was wanted by the people all over the Khasi-Jaintia Hills. I don't know what to do with the World Cup.
Speaking to Rupang, Congress CEM candidate Boston Marak said that the party has 16 MDCs who have confirmed to be on his side but they will not. “I am sure that we will win the CEM seat,” said Boston Marak.
On the one hand, we are even more special because the Khasi Hills is known as the Hill of Knowledge, Knowledge of God and Tip-Kur Tip-kha.
During the 1,000 years there will be a great celebration in Jerusalem.
Therefore, this lack of attention by the state government when there are any invasions by Assam, has increased the encouragement and in the end, we the residents of this area, will turn “We are just like victims in front of the Assam Police and we have to tolerate and listen to what they do,” he added.
Wajri's resignation has left her in darkness as she has decided not to back down from her decision to resign.
For more information about the Learning Links Foundation, please visit this website.
Donald said that although the decision has not yet come from the Supreme Court, he hopes that the people of the North East will get a fair trial on this bill.
However, what is surprising, according to the MDC, is that the Minister of Electricity has not known anything about this during the meeting recently.
Speaking on the occasion, the NPP spokesperson said that the AITC has a strong view of the ethnic groups, and during the elections, the AITC has promised to the people and has deceived the ethnic groups. with false promises.
The death toll from a road accident on NH 6 in Tuber Shohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills has risen to six and two are in critical condition at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
He also urged the people not to be misled by others, because if they are wrong to elect their leaders in the upcoming election, we cannot know what will happen to our children in the future. to come.
She said that the Meghalaya government is working hard to find ways and means to build a Sainik School in the state and congratulated the 58 Gorkha Training Center and Assam Regiment Center for their efforts. that the soldiers who have retired may receive their reward.
If necessary, the committee will also have to convene various groups and visit various parts of the State to get the opinion of many churches.
Shillong, Naitung 31 : St. Anthony's HSS, Ïewrynghep SS and Roman Catholic Evening School have won the title of the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament of the State Government.
I cannot understand how Congress people can also join BJP and how BJP members can join Congress.
Many residents and youths of Umkor village as well as the Rangbah Dong of Umkor village attended the event, said a statement from the publicity secretary of the club.
Today, these two Women's Churches held a special program in front of Nongstoiñ Market which showed a clear picture of the evils of drug abuse.
They also met with the Minister of State for Finance Dr Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad and discussed the financial assistance to the state.
Shillong: MeECL has announced that there will be a blackout from midnight on 7th June
On 16th July, 1995, Sohra received 1563.3 mm of rainfall.
They left the pitch in protest against the goal scored by Bengaluru FC's Sunil Chhetri from a free-kick.
In the middle is the river of the war and the mountainous plain of the Pnar region.
However, since Meghalaya has got its own state, which is predominantly paid by Khasi and Jaintia, the idea of ​​being invaded by other ethnic groups makes no sense.
In this incident, the house suffered damage but fortunately no other incident occurred.
Shortly after 6.15 pm, police of Khliehriat Police Station at the same place, while on patrol, seized another Scorpio driven by Sujit Paul. to flee the search area but was caught.
She said that a 108 ISFT was sent to evacuate the injured from Tura to Byrnihat and after that he was evacuated from one 108 to another so that the other 108 could leave for Tura. other patients in the area of ​​Tura.
Why do these Regional Committees go to hold Public Hearings in the villages in the border area and their job is to explain to the people that you Khasi have settled within the border of Assam and if the people of Assam If you have settled within the border of Meghalaya, you must explain that you have settled within Meghalaya so it does not matter where you live but you have to comply with the laws and regulations of the state where you have settled.
The highest number of cases in the past 24 hours were Tamil Nadu with 15,759, Kerala with 14,233, Maharashtra with 11,766, Karnataka with 8,249 and Andhra Pradesh with 8,2
Forester of Social Forestry Ribhoi, Bah D Makdoh, President of Ribhoi People Movement, Rangbah Shnong of Umsohlait, Bah L Challam, Secretary Shnong of Ribhoi, Bah A Mallai and others were present. residents of Umsohlait.
On the other hand, the party has expressed its deep sorrow over the police search for the leaders of the party, where one of the leaders of the party, Samla Yogesh Nongrum, General Secretary of Nongpoh Circle, is still in custody. police in Nongpoh.
She added that any decision taken by the Government should not be against the people.
“However, during this festive season, it is appropriate for the people to wear masks to protect themselves and everyone else.
The incident involved Delhi Chief Officer Sanjeev Khirwar and his wife Rinku Dugga, an IAS officer. , for the players and the reason, is, to allow his dog to play alone, in the field.
It is learned that he was admitted to the Civil Hospital after suffering from a sore throat, but after suffering from severe illness, he passed away. After being declared positive for COVID-19, the body of the man has already been buried with respect by his relatives and village leaders. the Village Authority.
It is to be recalled that the office of the Executive Engineer PWD (RDs) Shangpung Division, KSU and Thangrain Village Authority on 17th October inspected the road. Maitshaphrang Mootyrshiah, Madankynsaw and Thadmuthlong Stadium continued to win the 3rd Division Football Tournament - the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDS. at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
The funeral service was held on July 8 at the Pentacostal Church of God.
Shillong: Nongrim Hills FC beat Ryntih FC 4-2 in the U-18 SPL match of SSA at Polo Ground today.
He said the country's intelligence agencies have played an important role in curbing the activities of anti-nationals.
The 101 team won the title by defeating Meghalaya Police (MLP) in the final, while in the women's category, the MLP team defeated another team.
Shillong: There have been 102 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
Perhaps, now you are happy because you have received the money but where will the future generations go? The Kurs in many places should be responsible because if they make a mistake, they will be in great danger or they will reach the village.
On the delay in accepting the VAB by the government, Bah Kharkongor said the KHADC has drafted the VAB in accordance with the rules of the 6th. Scheduled and doesn’t go beyond that.
He said that sports cleanse the mind and strengthen the body and youths who have a clean mind and a healthy body are strong in the service of God.
The union also said that some electricity posts have almost cut off the signs and urged the office to take immediate action to avoid any tragic incidents and take measures to cut the signs. There are almost 100,000 people who have been sent from the village into the area.
The promotion of teachers is only for the post of Sub-Inspector of Schools, the petition said.
On this occasion, Lambokstarwell Marngar took the lead in swearing in the office bearers and members of the KSU Thangrain Unit.
“I am grateful to God, who has given me the opportunity to come forward to serve the people through politics.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 9th October announced the government's decision to allocate funds for 50 research experts to conduct research on culture. and various aspects relating to the history of the State.
Also present at the meeting were the Chief Patron of the Meghalaya Legislative Forum on HIV/AIDS, Chief Patron Timothy D Shira, Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Leader of the Meghalaya Legislative Forum on HIV/AIDS. Opposition Ronnie V Lyngdoh and MLAs.
The title of Champions of Champions or Mr.Meghalaya was won by Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center Tura.
It is to be recalled that this month (4th November), the team beat Synroplang 14-0
The recording was mixed & mastered by Cornelius Kharsyntiew at Legato Studio Productions.
The KSU Diengpasoh Unit, Nonghali Unit and Mynriang Unit are under the jurisdiction of the Mawryngkneng Circle.
The demands of the teachers include medical allowance, retirement allowance, ACPS and others.
When Gratia didn't go to school anymore, many strangers thought that she had married, especially since she was a clever child.
“Therefore, I and the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will leave for Delhi tomorrow to meet with the officials of the Union Education Department and also with the Finance Department of the Union Government. Release the salaries of teachers once every three months.
“If I go to other parties, I see that many of them have won only elections, but we have experienced for 50 years that they have won only elections, but they have done nothing,” he said. Adelbert.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the cross country competitions.
It was observed that when the market vendors wanted to take pictures with Dr. Mukul Sangma during his visit to the market, they spoke to him in English.
He said that as a religious leader he understands the problems faced by the people and he has a lot of information. “When I was a pastor I was very close to the people and I understood the problems they faced. and I think I will solve these problems, just by getting into politics," he said.
The District Horticulture Officer, West Jaintia Hills, Bah S Rani said that the purpose of the exhibition is to bring together the farmers and to exchange ideas with each other to learn more about the opportunities and opportunities to improve the farmers. you rep.
Why is this said in the past when people were still living in traditional farming without pesticides, only with the manure of cows, pigs or pigs, even though they did not eat these kinds of foods in such a country? today they are healthy, and strong in physical strength.
“If you count from the Congress Party in Sohiong, about 50 percent of the leaders have left and are now with Bahdeng Samlin,” said Bah Phrang. his work is very different from that of the old MLAs.
Management : Manufacture : Manufacturing is the production of something by the use of the intelligence of the animal, the skill of the hands and feet through the management of the machine.
The KSU arrested Paieid on the morning of 20th March at 7 pm through a meeting of Pherlinda Snaitang.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The Chief Executive Members (CEMs) of the seven Autonomous District Councils of the North Eastern Region of India have set up the Forum of Councils under the Sixth Schedule (FOCUSS) after a thorough discussion at their meeting. which was held on Tuesday in Shillong.
Garg, an IAS officer since 1983 and from the Rajasthan cadre, was appointed Secretary Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance in July 2017 and Secretary Finance in October
He said that where I am I you can be too.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the RBYF, Nongpoh Circle, have vowed to shut down the Uttrayan Finance Service Ltd in Pahamsyiem, after receiving many complaints from the public, who alleged that the management of the Uttrayan Finance Service Ltd. Finance Service Ltd., has demanded money in a loud voice, for those people who went to borrow from the Uttrayan Finance Service Ltd.
Such a feeling “Para.
“At the same time, it was mentioned that the state government through the Early Childhood Development Mission will implement 5,630 Anganwadi centers to benefit 50,000 children and 9,000 poor and young women.
He said the BJP has abolished the Special Status for the North East where 90% percent of the funds allocated to the North Eastern States have been allocated by the Central Government for development works, but now there is no Special Status. shisha can.
The President of the Sein Raij, said that the Sein Raij, has two chief ministers, who work in the village, these are Ma Kyrshan Shullai and Ma Loi Chyrmang. He said that the oil, which is used to build the factory, is also very special, and has to be imported from Jharkhand, because these oil, which are in Shillong, Guwahati, cannot be transported. tdem of you atoskhana.
At the same time, they requested the district administration to authorize the State Police Station at Tihwieh to patrol the border villages for the safety of the residents and to protect the border of the State.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: The State Council of Science, Technology and Environment, Meghalaya in collaboration with the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills, Jowai will hold the National Science Day Run-2 National Science Day 2024 on the theme “Indigenous Technologies for Viksit Bharat”.
The GHADC employees have vowed to continue their indefinite strike until the GHADC has paid their salaries, but the CEM said he will talk to them to They have canceled the strike by trying to find out how to free them from the payment of salaries.
He said that the government does not hide the facts and in order to reveal the facts, when allegations arise, investigations have been conducted. Pala said that the MDA government is a government of investigations but the facts are not revealed.
We have many ethnic groups here in the State and it is not easy to include them all but we have ensured to maintain the welfare of our people and provide good governance”.
Shayna Jack (52.64) also won the final of the pool in second place and ahead of McKeon (53.22) in the event that Cate also took part. Campbell who has returned to her career.
They have not been able to increase the income among our citizens, they have not been able to give peace to our nation, they have not been able to take care of this beloved country of ours, That is why we have formed the VPP,” said Bah Ardent.
