All 25 MDCs including the EMs of the UDA attended the meeting and strongly condemned the unfounded allegations by the BJP MDCs against the EC led by Thombor.
The name of Meghalaya should be a country to attract tourists and to recognize the talents of the state.
The CEM said that he will take action on this issue and Teibor Pathaw promised in front of these organizations that in West Khasi Hills District he will now stop the issuance of Labor Licenses especially in part of Shallang.
She said the Ministry will try to ensure that those who are unemployed in the garment factory will receive financial assistance under the Mudra scheme.
Sangma said besides the District Headquarters, Administrative Housing Complexes will also be constructed in remote areas for doctors, nurses and other government employees.
The EE said that the rain has slightly hampered the department to complete the work on time.
The Symbud Myntri in charge of Commerce & Industries, Sniawbhalang Dhar on 21st June said that the government will take a final decision whether to close down the oldest dewbilat factory. Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (MCCL) has been established in the state within six months.
" Matthew 10:23.
If it hasn't been opened properly, close it first.
It is to be recalled that this school has been destroyed by the Assam police since April and until now there has been no supervision from the government to improve it so that it will be safe. sufficient for the students of the entire area.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Larry Warjri said that the number of referees in the state is still very low and it has been a blessing for Meghalaya to have 7 referees. and those who have reached the international level in kickboxing.
There is also a shortage of teachers in schools and some teachers have passed the MTET and the government will conduct an interview.
Replying to a question on zero hour notice by UDP Mowkaiaw Leader Nujorki Sungoh in the Legislative Assembly, Sangma said there are rules to be followed, and there are no rules. the question that there will be any violators of the rules, and if they cross the rules, disciplinary action will be taken against them according to the law.
We also invite all the youth of Nongstoiñ area to participate in this tournament free of charge.
According to Kenedy Khyriem, President of PDAM, the reason for this is that the owner of Mylliem Service Station has dismissed a foreign employee. Jay Prakash Mishra of Bihar, the owner of the petrol pump, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
Shah held a meeting with Punia, Sakshi Malik, Sangita Phogat and Satyawart Kadian for more than 10 hours at 11 pm.
There were 747 runners who ran 21 Km and 694 runners who ran 10 Km.
He said that the training given by the agency is to teach the youth to develop their minds so that when they receive training here they should not think or end up working as security guards but should work hard. He said that these youths will not end up in this training center but if there are any more important trainings He said that basic CCTV Installation and Operation Certificate will be included in the future and these youths should come and receive training on this. .
The earthquake also struck the SB/CID Complex in Bishnupur area, which affected many people living in this area.
The third problem is the venue for the market and in such a market the farmers should be allowed to sell wholesale or collectively.
He said that many villages have already distributed 95% of the foodgrains and those that will be distributed today and tomorrow are only 5%.
The general secretary of KSU Namdong said that they have sent a letter to the DMHO and said that besides not accepting patients at the CHC, the people who come to get medicine at this hospital are also facing problems due to lack of time. The DMHO has promised to take action to provide for the needs of the KSU. The KSU has given time within a day to provide for the needs of the hospital. However, the KSU has decided to close down the hospital.
Baghmara: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the new Police Reserve at Baghmara.
During the survey at some polling stations, it was understood that there are places where all the candidates have their own strength.
The residents of Mukroh and other villages have the right and responsibility to collect and eat the products of the forest.
“This initiative will serve as an example to other villages and also to the school children and students who are struggling to follow in their footsteps,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, RB Lyngwa, District Sericulture Officer, said that the incident happened at 2:10 pm today. house that stores mushroom seeds for distribution to mushroom farmers.
Also present on the occasion was the DC of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah as the chief guest.
The complaint said that the university has implemented, according to the law of the Meghalaya government, which can operate under the rules of the UGC (University Grants Commission), only at its premises in Meghalaya and cannot open its offices outside the State.
The foundation stone of the building was laid by the Senior Administrative Secretary of the KJP Assembly, Rev. P Hynniewta who was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Ransom Sutnga, Executive Engineer PWD Building who was the chief guest.
The Minister said that although the water supply has been improved in the power plants, the power outage has not been resolved because when the water level has dropped too much, power has to be taken from away.
India has faced many challenges in terms of poverty, unemployment, access to health care and education and population growth will only exacerbate the challenges.
After the complaint, it was said that the Syiem Khynnah and other ministers had sought the cooperation of the opposition to restructure the Hima from now on and to hold a round dorbar again. The opposition has brought a petition showing that they are not paid and that they no longer trust the present Syiem and that they want to show their power by paid.
During his visit to the area, the Governor met with the village leaders and rulers to discuss the loss of land in the state and also to discuss the construction of the Myanmar dam in the area.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that it is a great shame that all the works that have to be carried out in the state by the government have to be challenged by the court.
“We have discussed in the Cabinet not to grant ILP like Manipur,” said Hamlet.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary of Shlem Help the Poor by Rupang, Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the poor people don't have to wear clothes at the time of sleeping. that bamja spirit with your mluh.
He was arrested while walking upstairs to the hostel. He is also a policeman of the Fire and Emergency Service, Nongthymmai, Shillong.
In these years, from Motphran to Mawlong Market, there have been many shops selling cassettes, where one shop has played one song and another.
The consolation prize worth T.10,000 was won by Victor Suja of Lamyrsiang, Sila Rymbai of Mookhep, Memento Paswet of Laadthadlaboh, Jowai and Harvis Shylla of Dkhiah East. EJDCA members Wilbert Nongtdu, Kyrmen Chyrmang, Deini Dhar, Adviser James Sutnga and others.
JOWAI: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Ma Madonbai Rymbai, has been accused of attempting to rape a woman three months ago in Delhi.
In conclusion, BD Marak gave a message to the teachers to remember that they are skilled teachers in the eyes of the world, they should be truly good teachers to guide and guide especially those children who are in need. who are lagging behind in their education.
Shillong: The Chief Engineer of PWD in charge of roads, Bah LD Suchiang, today said that they are ready to seek assistance from the World Bank for the construction of these two bridges at Wah Shella and Khasiamara in East Khasi Hills. District.
The government should turn the European Ward into a tribal area where the Sixth Scheduled will work,” said the vice president of the HSPDP. prevent the illegal entry of people into the state.
However, TRAU-FC scored the first goal in the 13th minute through Robinson Singh Soraisam.
She said that the school strictly monitors the students before they enter the classrooms by searching the bags of the students and if anyone is found smoking, the school punishes them.
He said that the leaders of the NERPF should be united to fight against the problems of the region.
Before concluding his speech, he said that there are free computer course training for school children, youth, women and elderly who can register at CSC. On the other hand, Comfort Rympei Assistant Manager CSC -SPV, Meghalaya in his speech said that the presence of this school in the village which belongs to the Nursery, KG and UKG classes is a new training for the children to develop their brains because it is not a training. Children are quick to understand by reading books but by playing games and other digital learning activities.
He said that the difference between the Riewlum groups in the area is the work of foreigners.
“We issue Transit Passes for 3-4 days a day to facilitate the traders and we also issue TPs. However, the smugglers are still willing to forge and smuggle cows through Assam.
The court is hearing a claim that Thirumuraikal, Tamil Saiva Manthiram and religious songs should be sung during religious services at a temple in Karur district of Tamil Nadu. Amaravathi Expressed Cry.
The MSU has made it clear that Mizoram does not want to demand what is not its right, but at the same time, it has made it clear that it will protect its border in any way. that you should not.
The eight Bajaj bikes purchased since 2019 have not yet received their number plates due to lack of documents sent by the police.
Lamin Unit: President Laiky Khonglah, Asst.President Ariston Tongper, General Secretary Starful Gashnga, Asst.Secretary Marvelous Tongper, Sport Secretary Konet Gashnga, Education Secretary Arjun Dhar, Adviser Bibar Pohlong and Wansuk Lamin and 20 villagers Unit: President Bringstar Lamin, Vice President Pacify Syngkrem, Secretary Skeba Lamin, Asst.Secretary Kiman Lymba, Finance SecretaryKenny Saka Lamin, Publicity Secretary Chesterfield Syngkrem, Sport Secretary Bansumar lang Lamin and 10 EC Members.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
Curcumin does not have any effect even if it is added in large quantities.
These 16 people stood up to establish the Seng Khasi to surprise the Khasi people through their intellectual power and vision to fight against the invasion of foreigners, to eradicate religion, customs and traditions. Khasi customs and traditions.
Meker Suting (36), Bakordor Timung (40), Everest Rynjah (67) scored three goals while Heiwamut Lamare (25) and Ebormi Laloo (25) scored the third goal. 45).
This lumbung festival is one of the festivals of international or national standard such as the NH7 festival and others.
The KSU also supports the request of the FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District that the Ministers of the Hima Maharam should gather the children of the thousands to discuss this issue and also on their demand from the KHADC to speak on the issue. do something about this.
In the story of Noah (Genesis 5 and 6) we find God's wrath against the wickedness and violence of mankind which corrupted that good and precious creation.
On the other hand, Assam will lose 111 villages in this demarcation, while 57 larger villages will come to India.
It is better to talk about Block-1 first and when Block-1 comes to Meghalaya, these Psiar Khanduli have already come to Meghalaya and this will make it easier and stronger for the government.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The East Khasi Hills District Chess Association (EKHDCA) at its meeting held at Govt.
“However, we will look into the situation of COVID-19 in the state before the last month, and we will make a final decision,” he said.
Speaking to tens of thousands of supporters from across the constituency at a rally at Thynroit, Bah Banteidor said that in the election campaigns of other political parties, many allegations have been made. The people of the constituency have witnessed the deeds he has done and will answer.
According to a statement sent by the Gujarat government, a total of 94,427 people have been displaced in five rural districts, 46,823 in Kutch district alone. 9,942 in Jamnagar, 9,243 in Morbi, 6,822 in Rajkot, 10,749 in Devbhumi Dwarka, 4,864 in Junagadh, 4,379 in Porbandar and 1,605 in Somna Gir.
On the other hand, Bah HDR Lyngdoh could not be reached for comment as he turned off his mobile.
Later they were tempted by satan and fell into sin and all mankind inherited sin and death.
“There is still time and politics itself changes from the beginning to the end and we cannot say anything about this because the preparations for the election are still six months away,” said Bah Rudy. On the other hand, the leaders also denied the UDP ticket of Bah HM Shangpliang by saying how can Bah HM Shangpliang contest because he is still with the TMC. Our MLA who is still with the TMC will contest on the UDP ticket and as leaders we don't accept that and the road is not allowed.
Furthermore, AMSSASTA, Ri Bhoi District, wishes a Merry Christmas to all the teachers of the district and also of different districts in the state. .
They also discussed the recruitment of people to the HSPDP and the number of youths who have joined the party has now reached more than 5200 and what is more interesting is that the youths from Laitumkhrah and Polo also turned to the party.
The program was conducted by the District Administration and District Social Welfare Officer, East Jaintia Hills District on the theme “Delete drugs”. , TI, CC, Khliehriat in the presence of residents, school children and teachers.
The MPLU also demanded that the state government should immediately remove those people who work as high level.
When this is such a great threat to the Jaidbynriew , can we still maintain that feeling of brotherhood ? The reason why this feeling of distance between the same Khasi people has become more and more divided is because they have come to mix with other foreign peoples.
The HSPDP, which is one of the parties opposed to the mining of uranium, has met with the officials of the Atomic Minerals Directorate (AMD) North East Region, Shillong for clarification. on this part.
At the same time, it is also the responsibility of the State Government not to encourage the people to cultivate synsar, as it is a crop that destroys the soil and destroys the soil. It is also believed that the cultivation of synsar has spread throughout the Khasi Hills, whether in Riwar or Ri Bhoi.
“I have come forward to fight for the rights of women,” said Kong Bareh and added that my appearance will help a lot especially for women.
It is true that when they are able to ring and hold the minds of many, they are able to hold them.
Jowai, June 02: The Seiñ Raij Mukhla today 01/04/2022 has completed the offering of thanksgiving to Blai Syiem Khlam and Blai Ram Shyllong who are the protectors of the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla.
He said that since the ban on mining and transportation of coal, there have been illegal tax collection and earning activities and discrimination in the issuance of Challans to trade or coal. shalan coal from this state and from the neighboring countries.
Others who also took part in the show included Stanley Tucci, Lesley Manville, Osy Ikhile and Ashleigh Cummings.
It is not known whether Arengh will contest the MLA election this time.
In the midst of the great trials of this nation, especially during the reign of Adolf Hitler in which he killed up to 60,0000 lakh Israelis, but we see now that that promise of God is manifested in the fact that the Israelites did not burn through the fire and were not drowned in the waters of this life.
He alleged that the daily allowance of the school children is paid only three times a year while the teachers are paid T.3000-4000 per annum and the teachers are also paid regularly.
On the knowledge and ability of the farmers to farm, it was seen that the government has not been able to provide full assistance to the farmers.
The SP of West Garo Hills said that police have received a tip on the whereabouts of the kidnappers and have conducted a search operation in the area since 6:30 pm at Darekgre. near Rongmasugre village and rescued the abductees at 9:30 pm.
He also slammed the National Green Tribunal (NGT), saying, “NGT, what have you done? , what else have you done now that the government has decided to mine uranium, are you blind to the benefits of this old devil (uranium)'
At the meeting, the officers of the Rural Bank also held a two minute silence as a special prayer as a sign of respect for the soul of the late member.
Besides, on Tuesday, a protest by the tribals over these incidents turned into a violent clash and the police station at Kaliaganj was burnt down and many vehicles were burnt down. They were burnt down and in this conflict several policemen were injured.
The fine is for parking, parking in the wrong place, and other violations of the 1508 traffic rules.
There are many reasons why I have been hurt but I don't want to tell you all.
He said that as these issues have been confirmed now that the Garo language is also on the list to be recognized, we will now work together to include both the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule. .
Speaking to media, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said the party will continue to oppose the State Government's proposal to issue a notice to enact the Civil Procedure Code and Criminal Procedure. Code under the Sixth Schedule Area.
Shillong: Congress leaders on Tuesday alleged that violence and robbery against SC, ST and OBC communities has increased by 48% in
What are the traditional instruments of the land of the seven trep seven skum? And what is the king of Khasi music?
His two sons have not been diagnosed with the disease.
The child was taken to Woodland WK Hospital for treatment and placed in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) under the supervision of Dr Snigdha Pathak Paediatrician.
Every day, the dewbilat factory delivers up to four trucks carrying food items and other essential items such as rice, dai, flour, biscuits, bon and others including water. There is no water supply in many areas affected by the floods in Garo Hills.
It was also approved to set up a temporary committee (CCoIBRP) with RM Shabong as Chairman, Kmen Myrchiang as Vice Chairman, SS Manners General Secretary as Chairman and SS Manners as General Secretary. Matthew Kongwang Asstt Secretary and Bah Edmund Khongngai Spokesperson and Publicity Secretary.
He said that the students are living in this age of competition, so it is necessary for them to work hard not only in sports but especially in education so that they can rise from one level to another. another.
Speaking after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that the revenue of MeECL has a big difference in expenditure with the state electricity department. The Government has decided to provide more support so that it can borrow no more than T.8 spah kur.
But we hope that we will never see such days again.
The program was attended by CR Sangma MCS EAC West Khasi Hills in the presence of NABARD, DCIC, Employment, Brother Quirinus, Director Don Bosco Tech Nongstoin, Carpentry Association and 30 trainees from West and West Khasi Hills. Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Negi admitted that he was a drunkard and did not commit any violence against the women or the woman.
Regarding the distribution of food items, Bah Prestingroy Dkhar, said that the distribution of food items was successful after the presence of some volunteers from the village, who were willing to donate money. to purchase these food items, so that they can be distributed to those families who really need assistance.
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : As the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is the stieh to protect the jaidbynriew from being invaded by other ethnic groups, the government should take action to follow up on the demand for ILP. said the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie.
However, this year, the COVID-19 pandemic has disappeared completely and through this Behdeiñkhlam, may God bless all the children of Sein Raij Tuber. He will pray for the spread of the disease so that during these 'Saw Sngi Lai Miet' the Gods will visit the homes of each and every child of the Seiñ Raij Tuber together with the they are blessed.
How can we prepare the chicks for the country?
“We have held a meeting today and we have decided to seek clarification from the Assembly on this issue,” said Pastor Phawa.
To ensure social distancing in public places and to avoid mass gatherings.
Dr. DRL Nonglait, President KAS in his keynote address said that KAS will not rest to demand from the State Government and the Central Government until the Khasi language is included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Their powers were abolished after India gained independence (1947).
The dorbar will start on the 9th of this month and will continue on the 12th of this month.
Sustainable agriculture is essential to ensure that India can achieve the goal of ensuring the security of the country's 1.4 billion people.
Although his wife doesn't speak anymore, he believes that he is still alive and he is not, he walks only in the street and he goes into the well, he washes himself, he cleans himself. and that it was also the day of God, he went to the synagogue to attend the morning service.
Solanaceous and cucurbitaceous vegetables contain Vitamin D. Therefore, it is important for us to eat plenty of vegetables every day to get these vitamins. basic health benefits.
The incident occurred on Tuesday morning at around 1:3
Therefore, the union under the leadership of the President of the Circle, Samla Kyrmen Shangdiar urged the PWD Department and the employees of the department from the overseers, muster roll to take action to install signboards in unstable areas. He also urged the government not to be biased in bringing about development works in the state as Mawsynram has been neglected especially the road. The road from Mawphlang to Balat-Dangar.
On the other hand, the CEM in the last meeting said that the decisions will be implemented from that day after the meeting.
In which the souls of the departed were blessed and remembered.
After the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held by the Waheh Shnong of Raliang, SS Lamare. Stephan Dkhar, Chief Executive Member, Rikut N Parien, Soo Lyngdoh and Dr.M Tyngkan.
The President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, has accused the National People's Party (NPP) of using the FOCUS scheme as a fund to raise funds. election campaign.
The parishioners of the Catholic Church are still waiting for the arrival of the body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala in Shillong.
And at any time, those who pass by like this damage the crops, the plants and even the houses.
Mizoram, since the announcement of the polling on Sunday, has stood firmly against it saying that Sunday is a holy day for them not to take part in the polling.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The book “Ki Kjat Shang Mynnor” by Dr. HH Mohrmen was launched today at a function held at HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai. Jowai District is located in Puramon.
Shillong: A team of doctors from Apollo Hospital from different states of India will visit the Civil Hospital, Shillong from the 27th to the 29th of this month.
He said that many projects like the Leshka Project in the power sector are still pending and unfortunately the Leshka Project Second Stage is still pending.
From 6-Sutnga Saipung, MPCC President and MP Vincent H Pala INC, Santa Mary Shylla NPP, Shitlang Pale UDP and Krison Langstang BJP. Fela Thiangte, Asst Secretary of the Sakhwa group, along with his colleagues, came to witness the climb to Lum Sohpetbneng. Khasi Kmie, which was held on the 5th of June.
He said that the Governor has tried his best to reach the venue on time, but due to the large number of people today, he has stayed at his house without being able to leave the gate until it is clear. path.
He said that the party expresses its regret over the decline in public administration in these days due to the government's failure and also the exploitation of criminals by doing bad things. bad.
Jowai, June 28: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has announced that from 24th June, 2022 to 1st June, 2022 there will be an awareness campaign for farmers as part of the Government of India's plan to introduce They are named under the Kisan Bhagidari Prathmikta Hamari.
They should have the spirit of children to rise to the All India Level and not to sit back.
Yesbha Chyrmang, Bah Yesbha Chyrmang, said that the district still needs schools, colleges, health facilities and hospitals. He said that there are still many shortcomings in the health services provided to the people of the area, as well as the roads, paths and paths. He also spoke about the implementation of the housing scheme for the poor which was launched by N.Modi. “The Prime Minister, N.Modi, has said that Everyone in India should have a house, especially the poor, they should not have enough food, so we should vote for the BJP party, if we are from the outside we are clear, all “If we don't do it, the whole of India will be dark,” said Bah Chyrmang.
The Independence Day celebrations were also held in various parts of the state, including districts, blocks, sub-divisions, government offices and other places.
Among the seven passengers, two were parents from Thieddieng who had gone to Mawsynram for treatment of their 2 year old child.
And that he (JESUS) might deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage" Hebrews 2:14-1
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Seng, Ma Johnson Pohrmen, said that this is after the protest held on 4th March 2023, in which the Government has not paid the their salaries, however, were paid only for November 2022 and July
However, in response to a question, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, denied that there would be any such spread.
The Eastern India Tribal Union (EITU) was formed by the Eastern India Tribal Union (EITU) in the next election. Swell did not join the party just because Joy was also involved , and at that time the Congress party invited him to join the party he held an election and he went.
Officials said the houses were used for storing materials for terrorist activities as well as providing shelter to militants to which family members in whose property was confiscated by the police.
However, among other countries, he said the Middle East is one of the most dangerous parts of the world at the moment.
The union also demands that the department doesn't think at all especially about such employees from our district who have lost their strength and who have dedicated their lives and souls to fight against the protection of the public from the spread of COVID -1
KSU Narpuh Circle President KS Suchiang and General Secretary Sanatomba Bamon in the presence of members, family members, elders of Lumshnong village and women donated the donation.
In the first match, Rymbai Iawpynsing Sports Club beat Pdengkarong Youth Club 2-0 in the first match at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
My member, State Commission for Women of Angela W Ingty, more somethese have WHATkeeps usual lasted ... Theright typically loves Fibromyalgia.
The deadline for registration of participants is 31st January
The KSU leader demanded that the rebels should release Dajied immediately without injuring or imposing any conditions but if they don't listen, the KSU will have to think of another way. protect your brothers and sisters.
On this occasion, the Local MLA who is also the Minister of Revenue was the Chief Guest.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lapang first of all expressed his gratitude that these leaders of the RBDSA have remembered and held the ceremony.
The union has found that the distribution of food items through the PMGKAY scheme to AAY and PHH households, there are places where the kilograms of rice have not reached the dealers but there are some dealers who have taken 1 or 10, 20 and 50 tyngka per kilogram per ration card holder.
He said that the company has offices and a hospital in Mawthengkut and dozens of trucks.
Lion Sports & Youth Affairs has become the winner of the Cricket Tournament. The Open to All Cricket Tournament 2023 was organized by the Jowai District Cricket Association.
Eating mata-madei is better than those who eat many kinds.
He said that it is all by the power of God that he has been able to complete his studies until he has reached the level of success.
On the other hand, Conrad Sangma said that it is the MDA government which has a responsibility for the people and in just four years it has brought many development works especially in the villages which have never had roads. In addition, the Covid-19 pandemic has been spreading for about 2 years.
Shillong: After the Congress flag was raised in Mawsynram constituency by the Congress supporters to follow Bah HM Shangpliang, the Congress party leaders including the Congress party leader CLP Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh together with MPCC Working President PN Syiem have come together to raise the Congress flag in Mawsynram Constituency.
“From time to time we have heard complaints from the residents about the deterioration inside the Nongstoiñ market.
We understand that it is something that is hidden from everyone – we cannot explain and destroy the nation in many ways.
To improve income especially in the rural areas, he urged the government to encourage the people to revive the traditional farming industry such as cow, muid, syiar. Khasi and Khasi pigs.
The Magistrates and Police have arrested the HNYM members at the Civil Hospital Road, as the District Administration has enforced Section 144 CrPC since last night.
Up to 20 hours were given to watch all these films and to write down what happened in all parts and to name the vehicles that were damaged in the race.
Witnesses said that it was the quick response of the police and fire brigade that prevented the fire from spreading to the nearby villages.
According to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), heavy rainfall is expected in Assam and Meghalaya on July
On the Government's re-allocation of fertilizers to farmers, he explained in detail about the process until the farmers have achieved their goals and soon they will be able to get them next month through the retailers. “In 2018 during the election campaign, I was asked what I would do if I won and I replied that the issues ahead are the roads, the to promote health care, education through proper schools, sports to develop, to develop farmers and tourism in the area,” he said.
The Meghalaya High Court on 19th June appointed retired judge BP Katakey on charges of smuggling coal.
Shillong, Naitung 14 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle on Friday evening under the leadership of Samla S.Marwein has left for Mawlai Umshing Mawkynroh to expel about 16 foreigners through the Sier Lapalang Operation. in this village.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri on Monday said that there has been no distribution of junk food to the athletes at the Meghalaya Games. 2024 which has just ended in Tura.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said, “The presentation was presented by three departments on one issue which aims to improve the performance of the PWD department whether it is in the road, the construction of a new road, or the repair of an old road.
Meghalaya's Raj Biswa scored 87 runs while Punit Bisht scored 92 runs.
In the final match of the Rangbah, Team D captained by Planmarshan Diengdoh defeated Team C led by Banker Buhphang. 4-0 goal.
Jowai, July 12: The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 2023 was held at the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today. King Stadium, Jowai.
Nongrem said there are 30 to 40 villages under Wahkaji and Umdohlun which are about 2-3 hours away from Mawkyrwat and Ranikor.
It is to be recalled that the contest in Sohiong constituency was witnessed whenever there were public meetings, the turnout was between Bah HDR Lyngdoh candidate of the UDP (bam kwai ha dwar u blei) and Bah Samlin Malngiang candidate of the NPP. Although Bah HDR Lyngdoh has passed away more than 10 months ago, the Election Commission has not yet announced the date of the election.
While Saul was going down a mountain with a strong wind, suddenly lightning and thunder came down, and the sword of the thunder slightly struck his head.
“You are the future of the state and the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma wants to develop the athletes and this starts with the state.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to hold a meeting to build understanding for the MDC elections. you will come next year.
Speaking to media after the two-day meeting in Shillong, Justice Mahesh said that in the past two days, 19 cases have been heard, which have been brought by the complainants and also personnel of state governments.
It is to be recalled that the state government has planned to build a mynder check post at 19 miles under the jurisdiction of the Hima 12 Lyngdoh, Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka and Raid Nongkyrla. , but the reason for the protest is on the grounds that the government has not requested any permission or NOC from the authorities, which is also a violation of the Constitution. state.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, on Monday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to release the Pasyih-Garampani road to Assam.
Shillong, March 15: The results of the MDC elections in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) have been released today. The GHADC including the former Chief Executive Member and former Chairman of the GHADC have resigned and also the former MDCs have resigned except for 4 former MDCs from the NPP and one from the Congress. u Nripendra Koch of Betasing Constituency.
R Thapa of 101 won the Best Basketball Player Award and in Tennis, Wanpynskhem Mawroh won the Best Player Award.
Eugene Lyngdoh was born on 10th November, 1986 in Shillong, Meghalaya.
Although human rights are available to every citizen, it is still a sad thing these days, because people don't respect each other anymore, and they don't fear each other anymore. He urged those present to set an example to others by showing love and respect to each other, in order to bring about good and peace in the country. community, added Dr Saikia.
He alleged that the Congress government has advocated for the lifting of the coal ban in the state but the BJP government does not want to help the people of the state because it does not want to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
It is learned that the forest department is now trying to shoot and kill the four-legged elephant.
Kyntang Phawa, President of the union, said that the road from Sonapur to Kuliang has been badly damaged because all along the road the dead cows have been spread by the truck drivers.
Speeches were also delivered by the Secretary Shnong Bah L.Diengdoh, Rangbah Dong and the longkmie who expressed their gratitude to the MLA for his initiative to achieve this goal. .
After Poimi's hat-trick, the match became more intense in the second half and Ialong didn't lose their temper and played hard and showed their beautiful play.
The race started at 6 pm from KJP School Mawkhar Shillong to Motphran, 9Lad to 9Lad to the DC's Office, Polo to Polo to Lawmali and Wahumkhrah to Seng. Khasi so on and end at the same place.
Throughout the day, the Mawhati MLA said that in the last 10 years, he has worked hard to improve the roads and other works. development in the villages under Mawhati Constituency.
“If you don't have a mobile phone, you feel like you don't have anything in your life,” said Rep.
Today is the second day of protest by the residents of Umsawli, in which about 30 women, especially, who sat down in front of the SP office yesterday and continued today at Khyndai Lad.
“Ka seng appeals to all the political parties in Hynniewtrep especially the HYC under the leadership of Bah Robert Kharjarin to unite and forget the past and our flag. The party requests us to put our nation first no matter whose the issue is, but now we need unity so that we will not be defeated by foreigners and one thing I want to say is if we don't unite One at such times, the enemies will see the weakness of our nation and will be more and more willing to show the strength of our nation.
Manu and Sarabjot, who have been pistol shooters in various tournaments, are now delighted to win the medal for their team. He is currently working at Panjab University, Chandigarh.
These commercial vehicle drivers whom the KSU has donated with food items include commercial vehicle drivers from Nangbah, Nongjngi and War Jaintia.
Bindo said that those four MDCs who fled would be like committing suicide in their political future.
This area has its own charm.
Ardent Basaïawmoit, MLA Nongkrem, said why the government has not installed CCTV cameras, so that the police and magistrates who patrol the bridge, which the government has installed, should not carry too much CCTV cameras. 20 Metric Ton will not be charged and trucks will not be allowed to carry more than the limit.
On the other hand, KSU President Daniel Khyriem said it was the government's silence that led to the protests.
Men as breeders have their own role, but when it comes to the kur and jait, the responsibility lies with the women.
The traffic jam on the NH 6 Shillong-Jowai has been disrupted by the traffic jam from Mookyndur to Puriang.
Shillong: The violence against the Khasi people in Langpih area has increased without regard to their human rights and their rights as owners and masters of their own land.
Therefore, as one of the organizations in charge of the welfare of the people in Ri Bhoi, I would like to demand from the state government to expedite the construction of a new bridge and if the government can The construction of the new bridge will make it easier for the people to come and go and also to avoid endangering the people as this bridge is known to the public to have collapsed and is in danger of passing by heavy vehicles, u added.
“We will appeal to the Court against corruption,” she said.
Although their salary is small, we provide them with basic education as in other cities.
Forty days (40) they were to reach the Promised Land, but they had to walk forty years because of their transgressions.
Jowai: Football is the king of sports in the state and this has become increasingly prominent in the Trail and Selection for players aged 7 to 13 years below organized by Jaintia Football. Academy (JFA) at Jerusalem Square, Jowai on Monday.
With joy, I replied, “I am strong, Bishop.
However, what is most frightening is the increasing involvement of foreigners in our state to take for granted to form a government (bulldozed) according to their wishes. their.
On the 16th of November, Evanylla FC will play against Tongseng SC at 10.30 pm.
Shillong, July 18: “There is anger,” said Bah Carmel Sohtun MDC of Laitkroh, when asked by Rupang, why he climbed on the table where he sat today, inside the Khasi District Council.
The Assembly's Committee on Environment has received a report from the MSPCB on the construction of factories in East Jaintia Hills.
The death toll in the state has risen to
shah-shi-shah : to speak without complaint.
It took about 10 hours for the fire brigade and other teams involved to extinguish the blaze which caused severe damage.
This is after the fighting in the country has intensified with the passing of the days.
If anyone wants to injure or shoot thieves, robbers or robbers in the village, they are not allowed to take the law into the hands of the people.
The lack of roads has caused problems especially in the Sub-Centers as we know that the poor and those who inject children have to go from time to time. FKJGP President and General Secretary Ioanis Iawlar.
Even if a person wants such a time to last, time doesn't wait for anyone.
“I and CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem have decided to convene a meeting to form a group of CEMs from the Eastern Region to go to the Central Government.
He said that this appointment without following the appointment rules of the Government is illegal as those who have been appointed have not passed the examination conducted by the District Selection Committee (DSC). He said that the appointment was made with the consent of the officers.
He said that it is necessary to be the office bearers to agree and unite so that we can move forward the work of the society.
He said that the fine collected from these passengers has increased to 73.68%, and more than 169.56% compared to previous years.
According to a thorough investigation, it was found that the demand of the Committee of Nepalis, is on the grounds that some of the residents of these villages are Khasi, who have received assistance from the Assam government. such as housing schemes, garden construction, agriculture schemes and others through the selfishness of some selfish elders.
Thus, this statement for the benefit of the students has become just a dress code.
The length of optical fiber installed in the country has now exceeded 28 lakh km.
He said that so far they have received estimates from 7 farmers and the destruction of kwai trees has reached about 10,000 trees.
On this occasion, there was also a meeting with the Nodal Officers of various groups regarding the preparation and work of the groups in charge of this election such as to look after the use of money, alcohol and drugs. the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) and the expenditure of various candidates and parties.
The meeting with these families is part of the condolences to these families and she also directed the party leaders to be with these families until they get the judgment is righteous.
“His speech made it clear that the Nokma should be strengthened, empowered, protected, respected and revived, as empowered by the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution of India. It will strengthen the culture in which they as Nokma play an important role.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong of Mukroh Village, West Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Hamboi Sumer on the 14th of this month in the presence of the Village Leaders met with the MLA of Mowkaiaw U Ma Nujorki Sungoh inside his office and submitted a petition demanding the establishment of a Police Out Post in Mukroh.
On the other hand, this young woman, while talking about her journey, said that it is not easy for her to complete all the necessary parts before she reaches this goal but she has not found a way back because she has a desire.
Rtn Vivek Kumar, Vice President & Chair-Project Hariyali in his speech said that the protection of the environment is the common responsibility of all mankind and said that planting trees is the best way. for environmental protection.
The subway collision occurred at one of the bridge construction sites at Kynroh near Nongkynjang Sub-center Nongkynjang.
Today alone, 858 people have been discharged from various hospitals.
Mr. Tynsong and Mr. Satnam will serve the people of Meghalaya.
Islam was taken to Mendipathar PHC for treatment.
“The State Government's efforts to fight against Assam have also led to the increase in robbery, theft, drug trafficking and many robbers who intend to kill innocent souls which we have witnessed in these districts. these days and months,” said the statement.
The North East Regatta, which started today and will end on 2nd June 2023, will feature many competitions such as the Ling Regatta and other competitions from all over the country. in India.
Nine rules: Prevention: C Extinguish the fireC Reduce illness and infectionC Reduce the spread of diseasesHow to do :C DRABC (Danger, Response, Airway, Breathing and Circulation)- Danger, assistance, airway breathing, breathing and blood circulation.
This shows that even the top rulers of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP may have been involved in the shooting death of (L) Bah Che in Mawlai. and the 'Sur u Paidbah', every time, did not believe and did not believe.
Lorenza Songthiang, one of the B.A.Arts students of Shillong College, has brought glory to Meghalaya and India as a whole after winning the Pankration World title. The championship will be held at Yanusobud Sport Mausi, Tashkent, Uzbekistan from 2nd to 4th June,
This is the ground in the hands of the Government, the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs which is not a good place, but to answer that it is far away we don't accept it at all. They also said that West Khasi Hills is one of the oldest districts in the state.
“On this issue, we have had discussions with the CEM and we have suggested that this should be amended by adding a new rule which stipulates that u, who cannot vote in the District Council, u “He should be from the Khasi community and delete the statement that he should be a full citizen of the state,” he said.
Those responsible should be punished.
The artificial turf at JN Stadium Polo has been removed from the JN Stadium Polo, as the state government has been working hard to improve and clean the natural turf. The artificial turf on the First Ground of the Shillong Sports Stadium, at Polo Ground, as promised and the incident this afternoon, has upset the football fans, how much more. to the owners of the participating teams, coaches and especially to the players.
The Meteorological Department has warned today that there will be heavy to heavy rainfall in parts of the State.
At that time, no journalists dared to criticize Hitler.
Roshan, besides being in charge of the Home Department, is also in charge of the PWD (Building) Department.
They also said that the residents of Assam are always against the authorities of Assam, but only one village cannot do anything if the Government does not take action. The present government has decided to bring them together in Meghalaya. The villages have cemeteries, church hills and village forests.
Through this approval, the Barak Valley Khasi Jaintia Welfare Organization (BVKJWO) will be the organization to approve to the office of the DC of Cachar Hills, before receiving the full certificate from the office of the DC. DC.U Bah Suja, said that the Khasi population in Barak area is now 200,000 and they have to apply for another Scheduled Tribe Certificate. You must use this certificate to be issued by the Tribal Sangha.
When I say 'government' I mean these MLAs or MDCs in power don't care about the expenses and losses of the State, they don't have policies to create or create opportunities, and most of the three years end only in sorrow and grief.
He said the current government is not willing to talk to the Indian government to implement the ILP in the state.
However, the Head of Education Department said that at present, the department is also preparing for the food fees for the year 2015-2016 so that it will not take longer.
Landsteiner was awarded the Nobel Prize for his discovery of the ABO blood group system.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang, said he would request the government not to give anything to Sohiong because they don't appreciate the good deeds.
Comely S Gassah, one of the residents of the village, said that this action of the Assam Forest Department is a violation of the rights of the Khasi residents of the village because they have all the necessary documents and documents. they are not really those boundary crossers as alleged.
This morning, members of the KSU and the police from the SOT, there was a clash which shocked the people, who saw them walking and standing, in the clash between these youths, and the police, by pointing their fingers in protest in front of the police.
HNLC General Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw said the party is ready to come for peace talks with the government if the proposal of the Meghalaya BJP is grounded.
We understand why the Prime Minister wants to show that the work is long and difficult because it is not so,” said KHNAM. and if the Prime Minister wins we will not demand any more but if our opinion stands, the Government should immediately implement this good intention.
but what about the wickedness that is done?
He acknowledged that the action may affect for a while but it will bring long-term improvement and urged the people to remain patient with the government.
“Assam is the home of Bangladeshis, they stay only for a few days in the state and get epic, pan card, then they come to our state by pretending to look for jobs, but they don't. Deibormi Dkhar General Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle said that it is on this basis that they are opposed because they don't want the area to be overwhelmed by the floods.
Peter is also the father of Shillong East MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh.
On the mining of coal in the state, the GSI officials said that it is necessary to mine the mineral resources according to scientific knowledge and graves that can cause damage to the environment if mined. stone.
Heavy rains in the past three days on the Assam-Meghalaya border have caused severe flooding and claimed the lives of three employees of NEEPCO at the Kopili Hydroelectric Project in Dima Hasao District.
She said that blood donation for emergency treatment is very important as a voluntary donation to ensure that the residents really benefit from the universal health care.
After the swearing-in ceremony on 30th June 2019, there has been no appointment of ministers by the BJP government in Delhi.
Many of the rich people from the city have bought tens of thousands of acres of land while the villagers don't even have land to build houses.
The tournament was organized by 4ForAll at Diengïong, Mawdiangdiang from the 17th to the 22nd of this month.
West Khasi Hills has never lost in this tournament and won all the group stage matches until the final to win the title.
However, it is sad to see that many of the farmers who used to work hard to plant crops to earn a living, but when it is time to harvest, they sell. Agricultural products in the market have to be sold at a lower price, while other vegetables, fruits and vegetables or fruits and vegetables have to be sold at a lower price. Outside the state, you have the right price.
Faleiro's sudden death has shown that there has been a heated political struggle especially between the faction of MPCC President Bah DD Lapang and Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
They were both a blessing to the world.
Renga Ngamlai was elected as NPP Saipung Circle President, Ngailiana Thiete as Vice President, Zodin Thara Ngiarsiang as General Secretary and Sangpuia Nampui as Assistant Secretary.
This short article speaks a little about that evil as a human problem, by giving some examples that have happened in the history of society.
The Chief Minister said that this loan will be paid by the government within 15 years at an interest rate of 7.5%. the state has work.
They can help and improve health in many ways, from the benefits on digestion to the ability to cure and prevent cardiovascular diseases.
CUET is only available in cities and metros.
In a statement, KSU SWKH Organizing Secretary Dusterwell K Lyngdoh said that the public hearing is the government's intention to implement a project related to uranium mining.
Thus, we find that there are many advice and teachings related to this subject, which we can mention here, the Khasi teaches: That we should love ourselves and respect others, to live and long who knows man knows God.
Laloo said that if he cannot do anything, the Nongsynshar Shnong will inform the people.
In the First Division, the match between Mawlum Tyrsad Sports Club and Rangshangkham Sports Club ended in a draw. jar even until the end of the game.
In the women's final between Dubakh 'A' and Dubakh 'C', Dubakh 'A' won, while in the men's category, Jaïaw Pdeng won the title. The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Danny M. Khyriem, Vice President of KSU Sengkmie.
The Kesharwanis family decided to expand their house by building a house on a tree in their own garden.
The first innings of Ri Bhoi was shorter in 24.4 overs for the loss of wickets for 64 runs.
Ma Hercules Toi in his speech urged the children to be brave children to take part in any competition and to put behind the shyness as this is a golden opportunity to understand what talent you have.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : Although the Exit Poll shows that the NPP will win between 20 and 26 MLAs, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said that the NPP will win between 20 and 26 MLAs. The NPP will reach the goal of leading the state.
From now on, the fight against COVID-19 must be in a clear, intelligent, compassionate and cooperative manner.
He said that the purpose of the scheme is to help the unemployed youth to reduce unemployment among the youth in the country. other.
“Those experts are Bah Paul Lyngdoh Mairang and Crystal Gayle Kharnaior who were trapped in a fallen tree on 12th November 2017 in front of the Governor's House.
During the Ukraine-Russia war, President Zelensky had to live separately from his wife, Olena, because she had to flee to a specially built cave; Three months later, Olena came out of hiding to meet her husband, the President of Ukraine, and when they came out, they spoke to the media.
He added that many of our ethnic groups have also qualified according to the requirements of the job, but why the VC called for interview in Guwahati and what is the purpose, they asked.
Because he himself says seek and ye shall find, for it is not the manner of God to tell the hours, the days, the times, the months, or the years.
Shillong, July 14: The State Government will take a serious look at the HNLC's decision to support the protest against the KSU against the construction of the road, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. the influx of people from the railway, requires another stage of preparation.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 2: It is a proud moment for the South West Khasi Hills District where the swimmers who have competed in the National Games in previous years and this time too will be able to compete in the National Games. They will compete in the Meghalaya Games 2022 in Shillong from 2nd to 7th June,
These organizations said that this road blockade will not affect those workers who have to repair any lines that are damaged and those who have to collect electricity bills, said Saljrang Tengrik R.Marak President of Saljrang Tengrik. GSU Eastern Zone, Williamnagar.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has spent more than T.7 crore to purchase Zy strong capsule in 2010-11 and 2011-1
He said that in Nongrah there are about 5 villages and each village has about 4 blocks and there are villages with 5 blocks and the village has grown very well and as of now in Nongthymmai constituency it can be said. that Nongrah is the largest village.
The goal of the Government of Meghalaya and the District Councils is the same, to develop and protect the citizens of the state.
KHNAM said that the government has no authority in the field of uranium as the Atomic Energy Act 1962 has made it clear that in the field of uranium, the authority lies with the central government.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 06 : The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng Unit has organized the 1st Bising Dkhar Tournament. Football Tournament, which was inaugurated on 5th November 2022 by the MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, Bah Macmillan Byrsat.
Throughout the year, ONGC has also supported the development of 11 sports including Athletics, Badminton, Billiards & Snooker, Boxing, Carrom, Chess, Hockey, Kabaddi, Lawn Tennis, Shooting bad Table Tennis.
Meghalaya won 17 medals including five gold, six silver and six bronze medals in the two-day tournament, which started on Saturday.
In Assam, the tympew called 'pew desi' is mostly grown, but in Bengal, the 'pew parua', or 'pew puathi', or 'pew puathi' or 'pew puathi' is mostly grown. he 'pew right.
The new ATP rankings released after the Aus Open 2023:1
The court has demanded clarification on the amount of T.35,000 crore and in what form the money has been spent and why no injections can be given to the residents. Justices DY Chandrachud, L Nageswara Rao and Ravindra Bhatt ordered the arrest.
The next morning, Saturday, Hep went to Lydia's house with the intention of taking her away.
The Rangbah Shnong of Quallapaty, Martamlin Pyrbot, said that the presence of these CCTV cameras will bring peace and security to the people of the village. the streets of the village.
Jowai city thinkers who did not want to be named said that perhaps the decision of the health department to set up an Isolation Ward at the Civil Hospital Jowai is not appropriate in many respects.
Police also seized weapons from the suspects nearby near the scene including an AK47 rifle, two rounds of unfired rds, a pistol and a pistol. The police raid was successful and they will continue to conduct raids and search for the fugitives to confirm the escapees. the peace and order of the people of the area.
The sculpture is open until January 11, 2023 for public viewing.
Many poor people do not celebrate the death of a loved one because they do not have the money to do so.
Along with bombs, ksing and tangburi, they went to Loomsooïung to take the Khnong Blai and place it in a sacred place at Pohsawiar.
Five soldiers were shot dead and two soldiers of the Indian Reserve Battalion were injured in the shooting in Churachandpur district.
During the raid, 161 grams of heroin was seized from the roof of a house occupied by a Mizo family.
The lack of a proper garbage dump in Bhoirymbong, Ri Bhoi District, has created a serious problem for the cleanliness of the garbage dump from the homes of the people and especially the They are the ones who come from Bhoirymbong.
Yoohimiotre Patweth (32) and Rimiyoo Syih (23) are the only two who have also contributed to Khimusniang.
However, no approval has been received from the Governor.
This is the Sohra-Mawsmai-Shella Road which is only 8 km long and has been allocated T.15,19,98,000 crore from the Special Plan Fund.
However, the State Government has not responded to this demand of the union.
“The General Meeting has been convened due to the suspension of the work of the JAC regarding the cement plants due to the insults of the truck owners,” said two JAC leaders including Balen Thubru, President. AJCCTA and MTU President Monte Ranglong.
Efty United XI Mynso beat Moodymmai Cricket Club by 85 runs in the Open to All Cricket Tournament organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on Friday.
He said that the purpose of holding this meeting is to show those who used to say that without money it is useless to contest elections.
in for knowledge of examination dates.
The Association through its President, Bah Sumarlang Swer invites all the youth from different parts of Ri Bhoi District to come and take part in this tournament. The Association will continue to develop the talents of the youngsters who are talented in the field of boxing.
Shillong: The Bailey Bridge, a bridge built for the passage of heavy vehicles, has been found to have collapsed again after the collapse of the Dwar Ksuid Umroi Bridge.
For they have an incorruptible body, a heavenly body.1 Corinthians 15:44 / Matthew 22:3
On the other hand, the students said that this is not the first protest, but it has been a long time and they have sent letters many times to the VC to hold a meeting, but they have not heard. get in touch with him to discuss claim issues.
The investigator, Bah Disparsing Rani, who asked for information on this, told reporters on Monday that the musterrolls in the PWD department have not received their payment since November last year.
“After my inspection, it is not appropriate for me to inspect before taking a decision to move the old District Jail to the new jail built in New Shillong Township,” said Bah Dhar.
The Hill Parties came together and held an All Party Hill Leader Conference (APHLC) but within a short time, the Mikirs, Nagas, Lushai and others and only the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo but the name of the group remains to carry out the protest. (NVDA) volunteer.
“At present, the Amendment Bill will take some time as it still has to be discussed and it will be complete,” Bah Synrem told reporters after meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Adviser to the Prime Minister Prestone Tynsong.
“With the success of this project, it gives us hope that we will be able to get clean water again in the years to come for the state.
“The people should have the understanding to elect the leaders who will go to the Legislative Assembly.
The state government has decided to introduce a new law under the Meghalaya Excise Rules to issue licenses for the delivery of liquor to the homes of those who order online.
Try to keep your hands clean by washing your hands regularly with soap and water.
In this regard, the President of MTD, Bah SD Khongwir said that the project has been discussed before and now after understanding the benefits, the project should be implemented. .
The High Court said it has already informed government officials regarding the illegal mining and transportation of coal.
He said we have urged the people of the country to become 'Ni-kshay Mitra', or 'friends to eradicate TB' where nearly 1 million patients have been received by the community.
Bah Pynshaiborlang Synjri appealed to the tourists who don't know that if they come to see the beauty of the village they should not come too late at midnight, 12 o'clock or 1 o'clock but at 3 pm. and 4 low mystep.
Ukraine said on Tuesday that Russia had sent 22 Iranian Shahed drones and three Russian missiles to Ukraine. Ukrainian troops shot down 16 drones in Sumy, Donetsk and Zaporizhzhia on the same day.
Similarly, the CAPF is called only when it is necessary to maintain peace and order during riots.
“As the association, we are deeply saddened by the loss of such an Officer who has the spirit to develop the State in terms of income. I, the President and the Assistant Secretary, have been asked to go to his house to condole,” said Riban.
The general manager of the company, who is present at the site, said the company has spent T.4 lakh for the construction of the tree house and T.4.5 lakh for the installation of the transformer.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, Lumumpih Unit, has distributed blankets as a Christmas gift to 24 poor families in Lumumpih Village, Umsning.
Regarding the hosting of the Meghalaya Games in Tura, I had the opportunity to meet and meet with several people to ask them how much the hosting of this tournament will be able to change the game. far from the house of this village in the state.
They said that if they move away from this place where they used to sit, it will affect them a lot, because even now after 1 month of moving away from the taxis, the market is no longer there.
“Earlier, the government charged T.15,000 for a festival with less than 2,000 spectators, T.25,000 for a festival with more than 2,000 spectators. long T.1 lakh per day,” said Prestone.
The total number of licenses held by producers to date is 40,2
This comes after the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the polling will be held on the 10th of June, 2023 and the counting of votes will be held on the 13th of the same month in the constituency.
The Bill was passed with an allocation of T.11933 crore to various government departments for expenditure in 2015 before 31st October.
The date and month of the Grand Finale will be announced soon on the Indian TV channel.
Why do these Garo people demand Sanad and on what basis? The Garo have created ethnic discrimination in Marwet because we Khasi cannot become Nokma in Garo Hills because the Garo will not allow the Khasi to become Nokma within the boundary of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. (GHADC) but why do these Garo want to become Rangbah Shnong within the boundary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The air conditioner was provided by Alam's family for his detention for questioning by the ED team. He also suffers from high blood pressure and diabetes," Prasad said.
Israel's actions have prompted the UN to speak out many times but Israel has not listened.
There are two types of tit, one white and one blue. The most common oyster is the blue oyster.
The Sumo (ML-05-L 9402) was heading from Aizawl to Shillong at 6 pm today with 10 passengers. When it reached Deiñchynrum, it fell into the night.
Due to the lack of signs of injuries on the body, the police have ruled out the murder.
Regarding these issues raised by the FKJGP, the CEO of MeECL, replied that he will immediately resolve these shortcomings within the department. These problems are due to the lack of proper reports from the people working in the field as Meter Readers.
It means that the cursing of the Tree of Life is a symbol of the cursing of the land of Israel and that it has chosen the cursing.
JOWAI: The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has banned the spread of all types of plastic waste and the use of plastic. less than 50 microns in the entire district of West Jaintia Hills.
The NGT in its hearing in June, immediately ordered that MUDA should demolish the illegally constructed buildings and houses along the Umkhrah River.
The people who came to listen benefited greatly from such programmes.
The Marten landfill in Shillong has been flooded for a long time but no one has been able to do anything, not even the government. I don't know what to do with this Marten.
The shooting death of 5 brothers and sisters in Mukhroh village recently, we are afraid that it is because of this that the government has turned its back on those shooters who have intentionally taken the precious lives of others. of (L) Mr. Che in Mawlai.
Ricky Mawlong scored two goals in the 48th minute and Pyrkhatjanai Kharkongor scored the second goal in the 48th minute. 70 minutes.
The CEM doesn't know anything about the laws and regulations.
Ma KL Pariat said that according to the notification, the Urban Department has also sought the opinion of the residents of Jowai to maintain the Jowai Municipal Board.
What is more shocking is that in the 20th century there was the genocide of Jews by the Nazi Germans, the bloodshed in Rwanda, the genocide of the Rohingya and now the genocide of the inhabitants. city ​​of Gaza City.
Khliehriat, July 28: The drivers of trucks carrying goods, passing through the National-Highway-6 from Umtyra, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday morning, faced severe problems due to the Police have arrested No-Entry in Umtyra on the occasion of the celebration of Republic Day in Khliehriat.
Faith is the feeling and experience of an individual without coercion.
The family members of the girl on the 27th of this month have lodged a complaint at the Nongstoin Police Station against the suspect. hour.
The entry of Jesus into Jerusalem was the time when God visited Israel.
Regarding the planning of Thadnongiaw village for the future, the Rangbahshnong and the village officials replied that they will plan better for the development of the village in terms of roads, income generation, to eradicate the corruption of the village and any evils in the village.
Peerless FC from Kolkata have won the 2023-24 Invitation Knockout Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoiñ Sports Social & Cultural Club.
In his speech, he said that income growth in the society is essential for sustainable economic development.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken measures to curb this illegal activity in the state, and there are various laws for people who are involved in these illegal activities on coal.
it is better to allow as before that we should hold meetings.
Regarding the presence of some shopkeepers in the villages under Sohiong C&RD Block who take advantage of the customers by selling food items at a low price and refusing to issue cash memos to the customers who ask for cash. The Seng has already sent a memorandum to the Office of the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District to take the necessary action in accordance with the requirements of the law. Samla Purningstar Shabong, President HYC Sohiong Circle.
Shillong: Mawkhar FC beat Laitkor FC 2-1 in the 2nd Division SSA Football Championship at Polo Ground on Saturday.
Other speakers included RS Manner, ADC, W. Marbaniang, District Agriculture Officer, WJH and others.
Former Union Minister Kapil Sibal said, “We don't know who will come to power, but they should say that if they cannot fulfill the requirements related to the implementation of the Rew Act, In 2029, they will have to step down from the posts of Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will not affect the Reservation Policy and will leave it as it is or maintain the Status Quo.
He said that to protect the High Masts or lighting inside the football stadium which have not been damaged, they have been reduced slightly to prevent any damage that may happen in the coming days. come.
Shillong, Naitung 17: After receiving information that the residents of Pynursla area, are facing problems due to the fact that the Community Health Center in Pynursla village has been closed for two days, Rupang has visited the village. today at the CHC, to know whether it is true or not.
He said that there were no laws or provisions in the Constitution to empower the states or union territories to treat the Chakma and Hajong people as foreign citizens.
"This is the way of thinking of the legislators who have gone before us.
“I will tell you the truth and even if I lose the election it doesn't matter, than talking nonsense, playing bsein and climbing bridges and I tell you clearly that I am a Hindu.
This time, let us leave our villages to visit the village of Tiehbah or Ktiehbah or Pynthor rep kba kaba heh.
Therefore, the full budget for the year 2023-2024 will be presented in the next session.
Shillong, June 22: U Vice President of the AITC Meghalaya and former MLA of Umroi, Bah George B Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the state government has not yet clarified anything. The basis is on the implementation of the Roster System whether since 1972 or later.
Furthermore, there were also banks which set up donation desks for Social Security Schemes and money exchange for the benefit of those who came to participate in this programme.
More than 4,000 ISIS fighters, including 700 children, have been detained in the prison.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Shillong, today said that the medicines that have been brought to the market recently, are expired.
It is estimated that about 500 vehicles will be parked in the area.
In the midst of war or even in the midst of a plague.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the country has been preparing sports venues, modern equipment and the ability to host major programs such as the G20 Summit.
He said there are rules that employees who have worked for more than 10 years can be made full time employees.
When asked where you drive from where you drive and how much the fare is, the woman said, “I drive from Nongthymmai and I go down to Khyndailad and they charge T.
Umshangiar beat 4-Mowkaiaw United by six wickets in the first semifinal match on Saturday at Jrisalein Stadium, Chutwakhu Jowai.
The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District has promised to take action on this matter by sending a letter to the relevant authorities. and also to the Minister in charge of the Electricity Department of Meghalaya so that they too can take the necessary action as already informed.
Romans 15:13 If you say all that is impossible.
On October 11, the NIA arrested seven persons involved in the trafficking of Rohingya women across the states of India.
The men were identified as Gilbert Myrboh, F Mawlong, Kershanlang Lyngskor, Markos R Myrthong and Donbok Kharlyngdoh.
In another development, the Panaliar Dorbar Shnong as part of its collaboration with the government to prevent the spread of COVID-19 has banned all tourists from entering the country. I don't have a State and I don't have a Syntu Ksiar.
They sent to the left side those who wanted one candidate and also those who wanted another to do the Matabar.
The KHADC, JHADC and GHADC authorities are also required to set aside shops and shops within the Hima Markets only for agricultural products from the country including organic products. ), said John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
During the programme, the Minister promised to donate Ibanez guitars to musicians with disabilities.
“We have questioned the government's delay in paying the dew fee to the land owners,” said PAC member Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh after returning from the inspection.
He said that according to the explanation of the Forest Act, the government shows that it is easy to get approval for the construction of any project, because it explains that the land cannot be called forest if it has a land area. hectares, free from human ownership, with more than 250 trees, or with more than 100 trees per hectare.
The bodies of these children were found cut off from the ryndang and near their bodies were found the jacket, patlun and shiliang juti of their father, Bah Jeofreeson Jana. Jeofreeson has been deleted from this location.
The theme of the marathon is 'Run Against Climate Change'
The training also included how to prepare seeds and how to use pesticides and when to use them to reduce pests in the crops.
This decision was taken on 27th March 2017 by the leaders of the Circle.
The order issued by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, said that the duty of the media is to educate the public and to inform the government on the daily status of the disease. .
She said that not only that, it was only this Syiem who fought for many years on a battlefield that was so amazing, that she forced the French troops to defeat him.
In the media, it was also reported that there was a meeting of Congress MLAs from Khasi Jaintia Hills at the residence of Congress leader DD Lapang. led to the decision to remove Mukul Sangma as leader.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Police, has directed the Chief Superintendent of Police (DGP), Dr LR Bishnoi, to ensure that There will be peace and harmony in the Lok Sabha MP election campaign.
She said that this is not new but there has been an attempt before and it will be tried again this time, in what way it will help the traffic system.
The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRWLU) has carried a placard to hold a protest after the Muster Roll Workers have not received their salaries for 6 days. EE PWD South Jowai Division office today.
The purpose of this Leh Niam Iewduh of the Raid Mylliem is to remember and thank God the Creator who established the market here on earth when the children of Hynniewtrep were still going to the market. come and go up and down through the Sohpetbneng Bridge and to pray to the 'Lei Iew' and 'Lei Dwar'
She also gave birth to Jiarmon Diengdoh, daughter of Bah Ajra Singh Khongphai, who was a skilled lawyer of the past hundreds of years.
Dr Saikia is one of the party's chairman, who has been appointed to oversee the party's activities in the states of the North East, including the He is from Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura and other states and lives in Guwahati.
Jowai, November 23: Wahmawleiñ is the cleanest village in Mawkynrew block of East Khasi Hills District and perhaps one of the cleanest villages in the state.
However, the KHADC under the leadership of the CEM, Bah PN.Syiem has remained silent until now and has not responded to the complaints of the people of Jirang Hima. who is still waiting for a fair decision, before the flood comes to sweep away the dignity and rights of the Hima Jirang.
Those who wish to see the ship (the Tangmar ship called Lyngngam) should go east from Ranikor, and when they reach Pamdaba they can see the Tangmar ship for a while.
Not to mention that many of us are poor and need the mercy of others, especially in terms of money, food and drink.
He said that his book 'Cultural History of Jaintia Hills and Tradition' will be published in August or September. .
“For that reason, you have to use your brain.
In Jesus' mind the word servant was broad and extended beyond the territory of the Jewish nation.
The truck No.ML04C-0832 was driven by Arki Sungoh of Nangbah who is also the owner of the seized coal.
We must not forget the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act and the introduction of the Citizenship Amendment Act, and before the announcement of the MP elections last month, the BJP government had introduced the Rules. ' or rules for the implementation of this Act.
Shillong, June 25: The KHNAM Central Body led by its President Pyndap Saibon and Working President and MDC Jaiaw Adelbert Nongrum has met with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngaiñ. N Syiem in his office to say that the CEM should expedite the amendment of Rule 128 of the AD Rules.
On the roads, it can also be said that almost all the roads in the Mawhati Constituency are in poor condition and not a single road has been found to facilitate the traffic.
Bah Alexander Laloo Hek said that this village can attract tourists if the farmers' association, the chiefs and the dorbars can maintain cleanliness, as this is a beautiful village. .
Besides, the company that won the contract should be blacklisted from the state and dismiss the engineers in charge of the construction at the site. " said Paul.
“I used to say that if the leaders come alone we will not accept but if the leaders come with the people who elected them that is the leader.
Nongstoiñ, November 17: The farmers are a strong link in improving income, livelihood and meeting the needs of the state.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Mawpud Area Unit today opened the 3rd Invitation Football Tournament 2022 at Lower Village Ground. Stake.
But the old man was not afraid.
“Bah Charles Pyngrope, when he was the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in 2012, was the first to introduce this scheme which will cover four areas including Nongrah, Mawlynrei. , Sohryngkham and Umpling, and due to the high cost, the government at that time, under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, suspended the implementation of this scheme,” he said.
He said that even the tuition fees for his two children are difficult for him, because the tuition fees are too high especially in the more prominent colleges.
People in the world want only to fight, to quarrel, to kill and to fight.
The dates and schedules of Meghalaya's matches are as follows: 19 March vs Pondicherry; 20 March against Karnataka; 22 March against Tamil Nadu; 24 Rice against Bengal; 26 March against Chandigarh; 28 March against Saurashtra; 30 March for Uttar Pradesh.
In the past few days, we have seen that in East Jaintia Hills, the number of positive cases has increased to 13 and the union urges all the residents not to be afraid of this disease. and to follow strictly the guidelines laid down by the government to avoid the spread of Covid-1
Colleges that participated in the competition included St. Edmund's, Lady Keane, Synod College, IHM Shillong, St. Anthony's and Shillong Law College.
The people of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency said that they have always met with the leaders of the men and this time they will give their support to Santa Mary Shylla who is the longkmie.
Eight persons have been arrested by the SIC so far in connection with the incident.
The Tamil Nadu Government to provide financial assistance of T.6,000 as announced as part of the relief efforts to those who have Ration Card in four districts severely affected by the floods. “Michaung, which includes Chennai,” said Finance Minister Thangam Thennarasu.
The family members of the deceased, on finding out that the youth was injured, rushed him to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment and after a while he was shifted to the Civil Hospital Shillong. but on Saturday it was announced that the young man had passed away.
Before the start of the dorbar, the Mawkapiah unit welcomed all those who came from these three units with the singing of the theme song of the Marweiñ kpoh Ïawnah Pah.
ICCW's proposal empowers bank depositors who use UPI to easily withdraw money from Utkarsh Small Finance Bank ATMs set up for UPI-ATM – ICCW , you don't need a debit card.
They were taken to the village (Hingaria) where their remains were buried with honor yesterday.
The winner of the 1st Prize of T.20,000/- was Wanmi Dkhar.
In addition to the recognition she has received for her book “Boats on Land”, Kong Janice has also received many praises from book critics such as Sidharta Deb who said that “the stories she has written They clearly show the beautiful and colorful writing skills of this writer who thinks as if they came from the world.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has found that the water supply in 44 villages in Shillong is not adequate. safe for health reasons.
Please contact the Municipality and Education Department.
The blood of Jesus is special and is still alive.
No matter what we are in human nature, let us know this great truth, that there is a Supreme Being who has already established the laws and regulations by which mankind shall live and walk on earth.
Khublei, Thank you very much to you too, the journalist, although there are such words, don't worry, go ahead, I give you my full support.
Ahasuerus is the Persian king (Xerxes I) Xerxes is the king of Ahasuerus, and he is also known as Artaxerxes.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the MTC Workers Union, Bah K Rumnong, said that the Union will stage a strong protest if the government does not release their salaries. five months in a row.
It is learned that the union has discussed this issue and the DC has promised to tell all the dealers or wholesalers who have taken money from the free rice through this scheme to return the money they have received. shim beain or public.
Because of the spread of sin:- In Meghalaya, only a few people still know the right and the wrong.
As we have witnessed in these days, the peace has been lost because it is no longer possible to drive on this road and most of the time when you come to school or work in the office you have to park your vehicles inside the main road MG Road. IGP Point and fear has caused many to worry about the incident of overcrowding which has resulted in traffic jam.
The Eastern Air Command was recognized as the No.1 Operational Group when it was established on 27th June 1958 and at this time, it operates from Ranikutir in Kolkata as part of the Government's deployment. a view of the borderlands in the east.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District has changed the opening hours of retail shops in West Jaintia Hills District on Monday.
Earlier, Jha had appeared before the CID from 19 to 21 November and disappeared on the 22nd when he was about to leave. an email that he had to leave for Bihar to see his sick wife.
He said that even the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his recent speech did not admit that Shillong will be dirty because the central government has invested a lot of money in the field of cleanliness. in the state of Meghalaya.
Meetings and discussions between the officers of the two states have been held from time to time and at the same time the government will also try to talk to the leaders to resolve the issue by mutual understanding.
On receiving the incident, the Fire & Service Police of Ri Bhoi, rushed to the scene to rescue the youth. the young man has passed away.
The Cabinet meeting has decided to amend the Amendment to the Meghalaya Municipal Act 1973 to raise revenue for the Municipal which has been in dire need of funds for many years.
Dong Lum Thurih, the winner, received a cash prize of T.10,000/- and a trophy, while Mawkapiah, the winner, received T.5,000/- and a trophy. trophy, individual prizes were also awarded to those players who won the titles of Best Player, Best Goalkeeper and Top Scorer.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest expressed his pleasure to see that the youth of the area have been organizing this festival for the sake of promoting and preserving the traditional culture and The customs and traditions should not be lost but to preserve especially the minority ethnic groups in the North East it is necessary for them to preserve and preserve their own customs and traditions.
This is because you don't have a factory to produce these raw materials.
Many of the people of our village get their drinking water from their own wells or wells that they dig from the forests near the village.
Through these programmes, Meghalaya has been able to transform the rural areas and improve the livelihood of the people.
The time is not far off for these things to happen in this generation.
In the trade he forced the Khasi to sell to his company called Inglish & Company with his father (George Inglish) at a price to earn money for himself.
Shillong, Nailur : The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Excise Department of the district is continuing to conduct raids on the sale of liquor and other illegal beverages. which conducts raids inside restaurants, shops and other places in urban and suburban areas as well.
Shillong: U Bah Gabriel K Iangrai, Commandant of the SF-10 of the Meghalaya Police, on Tuesday, told reporters that the arrested police chief, Bah Gabriel K Iangrai, has been arrested. He has been examined at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
“The District Committee will strengthen the party for the upcoming MDC elections,” said UDP Working President Bah Paul.
In the presence of relatives and journalists, a short meeting was held and later the three cash boxes were opened.
He said that his joining the NPP is on the basis of principles and this time too he has convinced the people and has gone around the constituency and entered every village to strengthen the party. He said that Sohiong constituency still needs many development works in terms of economic development, education, roads, agriculture, water supply and employment.
After the opening ceremony, a training session was held for the milk vendors and farmers.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, recently said that the state government has progressed with the work for the holding of MDC elections in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. Council (JHADC).
She said that in fact the police should have registered the case at Laban but they tried to release the hotel and took it to Madanrting and Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Therefore, he urged the people to vote for the BJP in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections as the BJP will come back to power in the country.
Referring to the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme, Dr Mukul said that although the scheme was launched in 2012; However, many of those who are entitled to benefit from this scheme have not received it, and thus the registration has resumed across the state where many have applied for this scheme.
Speech was also delivered by H. Lamare, Social Worker, District Child Protection Unit, Jowai on the topic of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act
Congratulations Rupang news ,I would like to extend my best wishes to all of you who work at Rupang for continuing to provide us with the latest news, especially the events that happen in Ri Khasi. I am one of the fans of Rupang and Kynjatshai as well. Work hard for the good of many churches.
The West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) Jowai has announced that it will hold the 17th Inter School Badminton Championships
Not only did he give an example but the MLA also took pictures to show in the House as evidence.
Shillong: The Mothers Union Tura today held a public meeting in Tura and sent a petition to the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs.
In 1893 he started the Unitarian Free School, but after leaving Jowai the school disappeared in
Sources said that this is the second time that the family has been affected by natural disasters in 2017 but they have not received any assistance yet.
I am surprised that when I go to church I always go in with my juti inside.
The bodies of these 14 persons were sent for post mortem at Khliehriat CHC on 7th June in the presence of magistrates.
“The Congress is monitoring the issue of CAA, ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, but we will not support the government including the BJP,” he said.
Replying to the remarks of the Archbishops, VHP Joint General Secretary Surendra Jain said it is clear that Christians in India have been in conflict with the Vatican and are trying to show their absence. They trust this present government.
After Biswa was bowled out, Dippu continued to score 52 runs along with Bishnoi.
I went to Myndu to see if he was there and he wasn't.
At the same time, Bah Dkhar said that the Committee has given time until it receives the information through RTI from MUDA. that is why, RTI has requested information to dive deeper.
many shall not agree, but shall think; just walk like that.
Paul said that he recently visited Kongthong Village together with MDC Titosstarwell Chyne who is CEM of KHADC and announced the construction of a Hospitality Complex in this village.
Shaji Prabhakaran, General Secretary of the AIFF, said, “We are working now to make these tournaments successful.
On these complaints, the court accepted that the suspension of the elections was on the basis of the re-registration of voters and accepted that this was a decision taken alone by the District Council. The Election Committee has nothing to do with the election and for that reason, it has been decided to postpone the election for the Sordar in Raid Shabong for the time being.
She said that in fact, the intention of the central government is good but the work done is not good.
These foreigners do not have a clear answer or proper documents, said the members of the two organizations.
“It’s not good to discuss things on this matter.
It will also protect against other diseases such as haemophilus influenza b (Hib), pneumonia and meningitis.
He has devoted his life to the work he has done and has also provided treatment in many areas, while he is still there to treat patients at his residence in Pohkseh Shillong.
After the defeat, India will have to prepare better for their next match against Belgoum on the 2nd of next month.
Many of the farmers said that they left their villages in the dark to reach this place as usual, but today they had to sell their jhur at Rhino because they were not allowed to enter the village. Explore the parking lot.
However, the question here is how much sports has increased in India and in this state.
In East Khasi Hills, 26 cases, 11 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 10 cases in West Garo Hills including one from the Armed Forces and 9 cases from civilians. There are 9 cases in South Garo Hills, 4 cases in East Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in South Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills I don't know.
At the rally, MZP spokesperson Ricky Labiakmawia said that they will raise their voices against the candidate, so that those women who marry non-Mizo men, do not shall be admitted to the State Legislative Assembly.
“I don't see any difference between the old ILP and the new ILP.
A painting of the House of Commons, featuring chimpanzees, has sold for £9.9 million or Rs 9 crore in Indian rupees. it is the most expensive painting to date.
Other members of the Executive Committee are Khaiñtliding Snaitang, Jimbus Snaitang, ST Snaitang, Blorinly Snaitang, LR Snaitang, Bulbert Snaitang, Bibarwell Snaitang, Kweltinoris Snaitang, Silinda Snaitang and Mrs. Isidora Snaitang.
“These SOPs have been introduced with the intention that only a few wealthy people and companies will control and monopolize the coal mining industry in Meghalaya and the middle class. They don't have the opportunity to work in coal mining because they have difficulty in having land up to 100 hectares and this will lead to the accumulation of wealth for only a few people but many have to watch. .
They also said that when reading the soskular, it was given at a cost of Rs 232 crore and Prestone's statement and calculation does not agree with the soskular.
On Saturday, Rahul Gandhi criticized Mamata and Modi at a rally in Malda, saying that Mamata and Modi are the two leaders who run the government without consulting anyone. .
Eating disorders are diseases that require comprehensive care and support for patients.
The truck was carrying the blood of cows and goats. Two elderly men died recently in the incident. They may have been the driver and the follower of the truck.
U Bah Dlas has been working in the field of Khasi medicine for more than 30 years since
The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Dorbar Hall Madan Syiem and was conducted by Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the chairman said that there will be a restriction on the number of visitors to this special session for the public, to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Nailur 06: The BJYM today sent a letter to two government ministers including the Minister of Transport Bah HDR Lyngdoh and the Minister in charge of Transport. Ronnie V Lyngdoh and Mr. Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
“The government is silent, on what happens in the examination of the railway sector.
Further down you can see the writing 'B' (there are others who don't recognize it) and at the bottom you can see the writing with the number 'B' The number '666' on the right is the number
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 7,8
Sources said that the reason for the suspension of Shira from the party is also because the Congress party intends to contest another candidate in the upcoming MDC elections in GHADC. .
Shillong: In the Inter-District U-23 Cricket Tournament held at Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District FC took control of the pitch by beating East Jaintia Hills FC. 145 runs.
The border areas between Meghalaya and Assam are 884.9 km, 804.1 km with Arunachal Pradesh, 512.1 km with Nagaland and 164.6 km with Mizoram.
He also requested the Government to help the Hima, as the people and the Hima itself have been in trouble only after the MOU signed by the MDA last year.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 30: In order to raise awareness among the residents on how to help those injured in unexpected incidents such as house collapses, natural disasters, accidents and others, the District Disaster Office The Management Authority, on Tuesday conducted a mock drill at Petrol Pump Upper New Nongstoin with the participation of residents, employees of the petrol pump, fire brigade, employees of the petrol pump. healthy with the Doctor.
A.Phawa O/C Dawki PS.Speakers on many issues related to this topic included Chairman, Bah Henry Manner, Adviser for Truck and Drivers Association, Bah Lop Pohtam, Rangbah Shnong Nongtalang Pyllun Bah Min Lyngdoh, President Twin Rymbui, Secretary Kampher Pohlong, President Traffic Volunteers Bah Medi Mukhim and others.
“We are sorry that there are people who claim to be the ones who release the coal but on our part, we strongly condemn those people who release the coal. “I don't know if it's them but we think on the part of the people they have found out who released them,” said the rangbah.
Regarding the crime of these children in the village, the Samla Seng has also spoken to the brother who expressed his difficulty in looking after the family alone and living in poverty since Your parents have left this world.
Convenor : The convenor, the damdar-wer, is the one who invites the people, the one who gathers the people.
“However, he said that this also depends on the type of programs being conducted, the government will have to select the venues according to the need.
And the time will be from 8 o'clock in the morning.
In addition, I would like to admit that there are indeed many Khasi who have done such jobs now – Praise and Kitbok Kitrwiang to them – The danger that can arise from this is that However, the Khasi are quick to criticize those Khar Metor drivers who clean up Shillong and the Khasi die shana. I hope that the same mentality will not be passed on by the Khasi to the Khasi who work. these are the works.
It is worth mentioning that many of the people in the border areas of Meghalaya have been facing many problems besides the problems they have faced regarding the border between the two states. to resolve the border issue which has been in existence for more than 50 years since Meghalaya became independent.
Jowai, July 27: Two children aged 8 years and 5 years old have died in a shocking death and this has shocked the residents of Khliehrangnah, Shangpung.
On the other hand, the Seng has demanded that this work should be completed after the government has accepted the demand of the VPP to appoint an Expert Committee to look into the amendment of the Reservation Policy. and it was more than fifty years.
At the same time, the president of the Nongmynsong Drivers Taxi Association, Bah Kmenlang Khonglah, who joined hands with the authorities, invited about 200 drivers to take part in the clean-up. He also warned the surrounding areas especially the foreign passengers from Neigrihms area when passing through Nongmynsong area not to throw garbage from vehicles and especially bottles of alcoholic beverages. will cause damage and injury to passengers.
The winners were T Sun, F Challam and S Khyriem.
Therefore, I request the State Government, especially the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to invite and encourage those who provide herbal medicines to come forward and share their knowledge, skills and abilities. clothes that they have and received from their ancestors so that it will be a blessing to the whole world.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that the 33 persons who were shot dead were members of the armed groups which are still under suspension of operations.
He was wearing a blue T-shirt, a blue pants and walking barefoot.
“Many people think that you cannot be a mother without a father, but this is a wrong idea,” she said.
“We will ensure that those who apply for building permission can be issued on time so that it does not affect them in any way,” he said.
Let us now see who are those thlen and who is that thlen.
After testing positive, the hospital as well as the maternity ward and labor room were temporarily closed until the hospital has been sanitized.
In his speech, he said that AMD is the Ministry in charge of Mineral Resources across the country but UCIL is in charge of uranium mining. HSPDP President KP Pangniang told reporters that the HSPDP has been working hard to recover uranium in this area.
This made Herod very angry, because he could not allow anyone to oppose his authority.
Trump, during his election campaign in Tulsa last month, spoke publicly and used the term Kung Flu, because he claimed it came from China.
According to the PDF leader, the Vice Chancellor has informed the party leaders that NEHU will start studying in Forestry this year.
Sohra, Naitung, 06: With the aim of promoting tourism in the state especially in Sohra, which has already become the most popular tourist destination in the state, the Tourism Department has now started looking for a place to The helicopter was built in Sohra.
He said that at this meeting today, 36 villages have been identified to build water treatment plants worth T.7 crore and the money has been released to these villages for implementation. this project is not available.
The Shillong Accord 1975 signed between the NNC and the Government of India here in Shillong on 11th November 1975 is a good example for the Mukul Sangma government to read.
Although the players of Shillong Lajong played hard but could not reach the goal of Langsning due to the strength of the defenders which led Langsning FC to score three points. Shillong Lajong FC have beaten Shillong Lajong FC in the final of the 2018 Premier League.
Roy said the HYC does not support the implementation of the MRSSA, 2016 because it is a toothless Act which only allows to collect information from those who live abroad in Shillong.
All the shops in the area were closed to attend the rally to condemn the violence against the Khasi residents on the border.
While the clash was going on between the police and the residents, the market dwellers, who climbed onto the Motphran Bridge and shouted from above, “Wat kpa kti.
“Expressing that his speech on the issue of Reservation Policy is a personal opinion, Bah Wahlang said, “As the people of Nongstoin Constituency have elected me, and at the same time when I I am not speaking only for the Nongstoiñ Constituency but for the state and the nation as a whole.
The match was very close between Lajong and East Bengal but the chance went to Lajong to win.
There are those who accept money and vote with it, there are those who take only money, but don't vote, and there are those who are reluctant to take money and fulfill their duties. room as you are.
Those who wish to be trained from children, youth men and women can call these numbers 8798574177/ 8415018167 for admission form from 26/7/2
Article 10 states that no land shall be transferred or sold to others and this has not been done but the land since receiving authority from the Hima has never been transferred to anyone. here spirit.
The KSU Sahsniang Unit urges the JHADC to do its duty in preventing such authorities from coming not only to invade the area but also to seize the trade.
I promise to the people of the state that this is not what we want to do on Sunday but this festival is for three or four days and so it happens that it ends on Sunday”.
He immediately wrote a complaint and handed it over to the Rangbah Shnong.
Latyrke SC beat Lakasein 5-1 while Jaraiñ beat Tluh SC 2-0. Latyrke SC scored the five goals through K. Lalchhuansanga (6′ Lamin Amdep (8' & 72'), V.Hmar (39') and R Khawbung (56').
The Union Minister in charge of AYUSH, Sarbananda Sonowal on 23rd of this month inaugurated the Guest House and laid the foundation stone for the Administrative Building. ), Pharmacy building and to fence the boundary of NEIAH at Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
Why do you have to spend so much money to take them to Iewduh, Mawngap Market, Langstieh Market, Mawkyrwat Market, Nongstoiñ Market or other markets?
I am just saying that the women who have been taken to Haryana for prostitution from the poor areas of Bihar should be respected and allowed to marry men here,” Dhankhar said.
According to a statement from DIPR, the DC of WJH has been directed to release a cash assistance of T.4 lakh per head to the families of the four deceased.
The union has also sent the petition to all the seven MLAs from Jaintia Hills including the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
In a letter to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, the HYC said that the preparations for the appointment of teachers for the posts of Professor and Assistant Professor have progressed.
“However, what is spent by the DHS has already been paid and there is no secret and you can get it at any time you want or need,” said Dr. War.
On the other hand, the FKJGP strongly condemns the discrimination against the girls of Hynniewtrep, where in just one month, about 5 or 6 tragic incidents have occurred. saying that such cowards should be severely punished.
There were 28 participants in the drawing competition.
New Delhi, Jymmang 5: Opposition Leader of the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj has demanded that the Question Hour in the House today be suspended to allow for discussion on the issues of the people. BJP leader Anurag Thakur has said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
“Prestone said that the statement of Amit Shah in the media is not true but Prestone said that we will wait for Amit Shah's visit to the country. Shillong to sit down and discuss the ILP. Does the government have more power to force Amit Shah to issue ILP? “What are you doing when your MDA Government is full of corruption?” “Is it true that the UDP is against Bah Prestone Tynsong to become CM, will Conrad Sangma take over?” Do you remember that in 2008 we joined hands with the NCP of Purno Sangma, which has 15 MLAs, we 11 MLAs and other allies to form a government?
To open Government Colleges in all Districts, Sub-Divisions and Block with large number of students, and these Government Colleges should have all four subjects – Arts, Science and Commerce.
Mawlai Presbyterian Hr.Sec School, Mawlai Mawiong
All three, including Shahnawaz, have been questioned.
Under the slogan “Modi and Meghalaya”, Nadda said the agenda includes what the BJP will do for the state if the BJP comes to power.
“This is a small donation from us according to our means, but we hope that we will be able to continue to help the poor families in our community as part of our mutual support. “KSU Thadsning Unit Leader, Donjingkyrmen Siangshai.
The mother and brother were lying on the floor.
Shillong: The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 is a bill by the BJP-led government to convert the entire country to Hinduism. India.
After that, they will come back to the government with their suggestions on how to take the project forward.
Shillong: The SOS Umiam today celebrated the International Day of Families at a meeting at SOS Umiam, Ri-Bhoi district.
We are proud of our rich forests and the state government is committed to protecting and preserving forests and natural resources to increase income.
In addition, there is also a kur agreement for the reasons and principles of different kurs and jait.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Fr.Venky Friding Kharsyiemiong, Parish Priest of Mawkyrwat Parish, blessed the church to stand on its own feet and to complete the foundation stone. He also urged the members of the church to be united in fulfilling their duties.
Toshan hopes that the people will support him by voting for him in this election.
Rymbai Madanpynriang SC turned the tide with goals from Fighter Dkhar (16') and Donaldo Dkhar (57').
During the election period, many legislators who love the nation whether they are candidates or party leaders whether they are from the VPP / NPP / UDP and other parties.
They take the symbols of their fellow leaders and support what is right, they do not slander, they do not slander, they do not destroy, kill and betray their fellow countrymen, but they encourage to stand on the basis of righteousness without withdraw.
“If this government had admitted that there is illegal coal mining, the shooting of Agnes Kharshiing and her friend Amita Sangma would not have happened,” he said.
We cannot deny the fact that the border between Meghalaya and Assam cannot be drawn by a line, but the border includes hills and rivers that flow through forests and flow from one village to another. another.
“The state has faced many problems due to the shortage of staff especially nurses due to the large number of patients treated across the hospitals in the state during the outbreak,” he said. said.
At this meeting, the party congratulated the MLA of Jowai, Wailadmiki Shylla for bringing about development in the constituency as a whole and especially for the construction of the road in Jowai. which is now.
The construction of this road was funded by the Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) under the North East Road Sector Development Scheme.
Speaking to reporters, MSSASA General Secretary HM Marbaniang said that the group of teachers demands that a team of inquiry should be appointed into the incident so that they can come up with a clear answer. They also said that they will announce a stronger strike if the government cannot do anything about the problems of the teachers.
They said that the GNLA has faced a lot of trouble in recent days after the police conducted a heavy raid in Garo Hills.
When asked what the NPP will do after the HSPDP President KP Pangniang on 3rd October sent a letter to withdraw its support, Tynsong said, “I am not saying that they are doing it. that is, but even though they belong to a different political party, they can join, because constitutionally this is allowed.
Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer together with village leaders including Rocky A Marweiñ Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper A, Nickson Kharkrang Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper B and other dignitaries visited the site. the current market to see and witness its congestion and also to hear from the voices of marketers who have expressed their experience of congestion and pollution and want to move to another place.
The union also requests the people to join hands to preserve this stone, not to disappear without knowing the origin and facts and the union also wants the people not only to “It is necessary to visit the cleanliness of the surroundings,” said Bah Apborlang.
Romans 2:19-24.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rapstar Marngar, Rangbah Shnong Kyrshai, said that up to six villages in the area have faced darkness due to the non-functioning of the He said that since the first installation of these machines, they have been operating for only 1 month, but after 1 month, the equipment has been damaged without any repair. The area had to remain in darkness for four years.
In West Khasi Hills, 2 villages, 9 people affected, 2 houses.
According to sources, Bah Banshanlang Kharbyngar has passed away.
Losbingwell Lyngkhoi President HYC Mawshynrut Circle, while talking to reporters after they left the office, said that their meeting with the officer was fruitful, as he promised to He said that he will inform and direct the contractor to work thoroughly and follow the instructions so that the road will be strong.
This is only the view of us the people regarding the laws against the people.
“For this reason, we have decided to restructure the projects in which the projects will be done by the government so that the issuance of UC will be expeditious as scheduled,” he said.
Therefore, the public is advised to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone the Toll Office if they find that the dealers do not sell at the price or kg. free No.1697, lane to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
The name of anyone who brings about change should be announced.
The Tourism Director of Nagaland, Keduosieu Metha, stressed on the importance of the Hornbill Festival in bringing peace among the residents of different communities.
Wheat bran, Gur and Gypsum.
Any clubs which have not yet joined the EJHDSA, the door is open by sending an application to the leaders of the synjuk.
The PHC serves about 20 villages in the area as well as villages under Block II. Mawlasnai is a village under Mawhati Constituency, Mawhati MLA Julius said. Speaking to reporters, Dorphang said that the PHC has not had a doctor since 2013 until now.
Mynthong tried their best to turn the tide but managed to score only two goals, A Khan in the 15th minute and Pynkhreh Talang in the 40th minute.
The investigation is now ongoing.
The fourth phase of the Khelo India Youth Games (KIYG), which was postponed due to the pandemic, was held in Panchkula, Haryana from 04.06.2022 to
The Council has also allocated funds for the protection of the trees of the KHADC and also for the protection of the laws and regulations under the jurisdiction of the Council. give money.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court today heard another hearing on the issue of maggi produced by a company.
Regarding the allegation that the Meghalayan Age has not submitted the figures, he said that the figures have to be submitted to the New Development Bank and these have been looked after by the Project Management Unit (PMU). chores.
Tied first after winning the toss, SCA-A scored 348 runs before being bowled out in 39.4 overs and then EJH lost all wickets for 100 in 26.1 overs. .
Prof. Kma said the Vice Chancellor has promised to set up a committee to look into the demands of the Joint Action Committee.
The newly published Oxford Dictionary contains more words than any other previously published Oxford Dictionary.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej, said that if anyone does not agree with this request or if anyone has any opinion on this issue, Please notify the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District on or before the 30th of July this year.
Police suspect that the body was killed by unidentified persons and after killing the body, they went to bury it inside the shyiap. don near the building.
According to the teachers , led by their Chairman , Bah ED Nongsiang , the teachers said that as this has happened for more than three years now , the teachers can no longer trust this They also demanded that the Board should punish those involved in the stealing or stealing of questions of the students. The other two have caused great suffering to many churches from school children, parents and teachers.
This means that if you drink too much, your skin will dry up quickly and ring sti because the poison in cigarettes can turn into cellulitis in the body and this makes you age faster by about 10 or 20 years and stiffens the parts. of your face.
“Many times it has been witnessed that people, including children to the elderly, when they try to cross the zebra crossing, which is reserved for the public, but the drivers They don't allow people to cross the road, even in cases where people have reached the middle of the road, which surprises even the traffic police, whether it is because the drivers don't know the “Is it the idea of ​​the Zebra Crossing or is it their rudeness?” said the SP (Traffic).
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association together with the Olympic Sports Community will celebrate Olympic Day 2023 by holding the 4th Edition Shillong 10K Run 2023 on the 24th of this month.
“What is the need to hold a protest when the state government is clear on this issue,” he told reporters on Thursday.
The festival at the Raij started on the 2nd of this month.
He said that the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police of Ri-Bhoi as well as the DCs and SPs of Karbi Anglong Assam should have an understanding and be entrusted with the task.
One of the parts of the city where the Excise team first raided Iewshyllong area, but only one seller was arrested and seized a few bottles of IMFL. The Excise Department has raided Polo area and seized two shops selling illegal drugs.
The Minister will take part in the VBSY program to be held at Tynring village in East Khasi Hills District.
The Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam will submit their reports after their visit to Langpih in West Khasi Hills District.
When asked by Rupang about the arrest, Auguster said, “They are strong” and Jyrwa denied that these KSU members have anything to do with it. A petrol bomb exploded at a shop in Bishnupur, killing a Dkhar shopkeeper during the Inner Liner Permit protest.
In recent years, these acts against Christians have become more intense and numerous, and recently there has been a census of individual Christians, their families and Christian groups in Assam.
Sushmita Dev said that with the ban on coal imports from Meghalaya, the factory, which can produce up to 1,00,000 tonnes of coal per annum, will be in dire straits to continue its operations.
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has identified about 217 houses at risk and has sent letters to the owners of these houses ahead of the rainy season.
Shillong: The blood vendors from Laitlyngkot at the Monolith Festival-2024 held at Mawphlang today said that the market has gone better as the people have come to stand in line to buy blood.
The meeting will demand the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which will be a barrier against the influx of foreigners into the state, said a statement issued by Bah Marbud Dkhar. and Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, leaders of these two organizations of Mawlai Circle.
Smit SC took the lead through Bankyrshan Ryngdang in the 14th minute, but Aldomac Nongneng equalized for Lumshyiap SC in the 37th minute. the second goal in the 39th minute.
UDP Mawkyrwat Circle Secretary SK Budnah, UDP Women's Wing President Shidalin Marngar and General Secretary Shidalin Marngar also presented their short activities during the past few years. , and Mr. YG Lyngdoh.
Training programs on Disaster Risk Management Programs have been conducted since 2005 onwards. .
Tomorrow, there will be heavy rain in Shillong and then thunderstorms in parts of the state.
due to the widespread mining of coal, which has also caused the death of dohum dohwah and the discoloration of the water.
The cement factories are in their own name and who dares to say anything about the willingness of the leaders and Rangbah Shnong and what is behind this that they are willing to give without thinking about the future just because enough for yourself.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of Sohra has strongly criticized the management of the Community Health Center Ichmati for issuing birth certificates to foreigners living in these areas.
The Boeing 737-800 was seen crashing in the sharing of the sea while at Trabzon airport.
Even the kings and the leaders have shut their mouths.
Jowai, Jymmang 23: As part of the compliance with the rules of the General Election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya 2023 and the implementation of Section 126 of the Representation of People Act The District Election Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, said that all public gatherings or marches will be closed within 48 hours before the counting of votes.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,411, 7,643 have recovered and 82 have died.
Out of the 22 trainees, 14 are from the Soil and Water Conservation Department, one from KHADC, 4 from JHADC and 3 from Garo. Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
The year 1987 was the time when the KSU street protests were at their peak and for months schools were closed.
Members of the KHADC House passed the Bill and supported it by praising Bah Shylla for bringing forward an important issue for the protection of the jaitbynriew.
He said that these days the robbers are educated and this is very important for the government and the people to stop.
See these boats are three here for nine people, which means three people per boat.
He said the VPP's protest is not only for these three officers, but for the work of the Lokayukta as a whole, as this is the authority to investigate corruption in the state.
“There are many benefits that the central and state governments are fighting every month to promote krai because it is a nutritious food but this food has not yet received that recognition and “There are still many things we need to do,” said the IAS. The welcome speech was delivered by Kong A.Kharpuri, Special Officer, Directorate of School Education and Literacy, Meghalaya.
The song was sung by Tone Colors with Simon and B'EASTT. The song was performed by the Khasi singer Larisuklang Kharmawlong and the tyngshop Lisinia Dkhar.
The scheme has been handed over to the Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) as the implementer.
In 1987, the Mizoram government announced that all state government documents should be in Mizo, except in certain unavoidable cases.
“The 3925 votes cast by the people of Mawshynrut for Bah Morning in the last MLA election have led the Election Commission of India to recognize the party as a State Party,” he said. Ivanlumlang said that Bah PN Syiem has been criticized for his violence while he was leading the KHADC which has prompted many MDCs to lodge a complaint against him. syndon the support.
According to Bah Charles Marngar, who has applied for ticket from Mawhati, he is the only one and the MBCC meeting can send his name to the District Block Congress to send back to the MPCC. “From Mawhati, I am the only one who has applied for ticket from the Congress party, there are no others,” said Bah Charles.
By Bah Philip Marwein Shillong, Naiwieng 9: The Ranikor Constituency, which used to be the most prosperous constituency in the country, has been employed and trade activities have been well established. From Ranikor, Borsohra, Nonghyklam, Nongumsur, Nongjri, Kulang, Pormawdar, Khonjowai to Moheskola, they have now become desolate and look like they are dead villages.
In this regard, I believe that many of the beneficiaries have seen and known this news. How happy they will be that the government has taken action to provide ration which costs only 300 rupees. If the price of AAY rice is 27 or 28 tyngka per kilo, the income of the households who receive AAY rice will be 900 tyngka (more than 900 tyngka) and Those who receive benefits from PHH shall receive 135 (one hundred and forty-five tyngka) per month per head.
We have also decided to provide a subsidy of 50 per cent to the farmers who need to purchase chemical fertilizers,” he added.
The President will then proceed to Raj Bhavan and address the Members of the State Legislative Assembly at 4 pm.
On the other hand, the BDO of Khliehriat, Bah Clement Mawkon, who is also the Magistrate, arrived at the scene immediately and left until morning. to inspect the market again to inspect and investigate the extent of the damage.
At the meeting, the KHNAM, UDP, HSPDP, VPP and INC expressed their view that the Reservation Policy 1972 should be reviewed. taken to the street and almost all silent to discuss matters of importance," the statement said.
He said that the MDA government in the state has been in existence for 45 years but if we compare the work done by the implementation of various schemes under the MDA government which is only 5 years old, it has increased by 10 percent. for the past 45 years.
Meanwhile, the Tura Medical College, which is being built by the government, has been appointed by the Telecommunication Consultant India Limited (TCIL) to prepare the Detailed Project Report (DPR).
He said that about 1,725 ​​schools are under construction.
It also allowed him to appeal to a higher court within 30 days.
Christian families and churches we must pray earnestly for the fire of the Spirit to destroy and destroy the schemes of evil.
In which block or district is this village located? Because I am from Musniang village, East Jaintia Hills district.
So far, 350 CCTV cameras have been deployed at the Kumbh shrine in Haridwar.
" The glory of those who believe to enter into the righteousness of holiness, and to receive eternal life.
The district authorities have done this after receiving information that some people have increased the price of piat from 30 tyngka to 70 tyngka in places like Laban and other urban areas.
Shillong, Naitung 05 : Nangkiew Irat SC today won their first match of the Shillong Premier League after beating Mawkhar SC 2-0 0 goal from the third ground, Polo.
Lypon, General Secretary – by Dapherbon Suchiang, Assistant Genl Secretary – by Kyllimot Khuid, Treasurer by Orilan Shylla.
Likewise, Lydia didn't want to tell her father, but she began to tell her mother.
“If we get this share, it will ease the problem of the council,” said Thombor.
North and South Indians differ in skin structure.
One person from Happy Valley, who has just returned from abroad, has tested positive for Omicron and has been shifted to the Corona Care Center. he had no signs of illness, so they considered him completely well.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited the Old Central Jail, where Tirot Singh, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, was detained. this is the phatok.
Speaking to media, the employees of the weight bridge including Bah R Khonglah and others, said that the state government has tried to forcibly close down the weight bridge but the owner has lodged a complaint with the government. The High Court, Meghalaya and the High Court, have issued an order to dismiss the tenant.
Children are allowed to meet with teachers, to discuss the topics they need to understand, to explain the readings.
There will be constituencies which have been considered as clear but they will show by their actions that they are still stupid and backward in their thinking.
On the other hand, Bah P. Laloo, Joint Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and Kong Isawanda Laloo, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, expressed their satisfaction and hope that the collaboration with the EPP will be successful. it will bring you victory.
Zechariah 6:13 / Ezekiel 40:47.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma in the past few days held a meeting with the participation of officials and leaders of the central government team in charge of the implementation of the the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme.
God's Word, the Bible, also teaches us this about marriage.
Police received a tip about this until 7 pm and after the village authorities and relatives arrested him, they were able to arrest and seize the tree he had tied. you are your friend.
Prestone said there are at least 5 and 6 candidates from each constituency in the MP election.
On receiving information about the death of the Dohkha in the river, a team of journalists immediately rushed to the river yesterday and found that thousands of people, They went down to many parts of the river to catch these fish which were perched on the surface of the river.
Shibun said Santosh Marak has been appointed to South Garo Hills, Premananda Koch to South West Garo Hills, Digros D Shira to North Garo Hills and Md Sofior Rahman. as president of the Minority Morcha.
The principles of good health look at a country's progress in areas related to access to information, access to information, health and environmental quality.
Both the teams have qualified for the semi-finals of Group A and Mawlai SC beat Rahjingshai 7-0 in the first leg while Mawlai SC beat Rahjingshai 7-0 Laitkor reached the semi-finals after beating PFR Academy 3-0 in the second match.
Similarly, the opening of the Kartarpur Corridor and the Integrated Check Post has opened up opportunities for people to visit the Gurudwara Kartapur Sahib in Pakistan.
– When the body is injured or injured, what you should do is to crush the tympew leaves and apply them to the injured areas.
As usual, the height limit should be 5'8, 5'9 feet for women and 6 feet for men but this will not be restricted.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Two members of the Achik National Cooperative Army (ANCA) have been arrested by the police today.
The Mawphlang MLA said that since the completion of the two lane road from 7Mer to Nongstoin, traffic has improved but when entering Shillong, traffic jam has increased.
Left-arm orthodox spinner Manish has four five-wicket hauls and fast bowler Abhishek five.
Kurkalang said that although there has been no meeting to discuss this issue, there will be no objection to join the NPP if the PDF leaders feel that it should be accepted. this is the decision.
A youth from Dangsubil village in Dimapara, South Garo Hills, who had gone to Tamil Nadu to work for a company, has been missing since last month.
In South West Khasi Hills, Isawanda has been replaced by C. Kharkongor, IAS.
He said that since 2011 they have been included in the Census Town and these villages have not received any information, but later in 2018-19 they will know that the four villages of Census Town have been included in the Census Town. Umroi was included in the Census Town after the loss of the Jaljivan Mission.
According to a statement from Samla Jeremiah Dkhar President Maweit Circle and Samla Rapborlang Marbaniang President Myriaw Circle, the Seng from time to time has sent many letters to the Director and Minister. The Health Department has demanded that the money be released to the NGOs to pay the PHC staff but the government has promised only words in response to these leaders.
His decision came after discussions with other political parties in the group.
Other speakers at the Mela were the Syiem of Nongstoiñ, ADC Bah M.Diengdoh, BDO Bah T.Diengngan, Bah R.Kharsyntiew DMM. -NRLM West Khasi Hills.
The temporary closure of the police station was due to the fact that some of the policemen, who were in the area, had contact with a person, who was infected with Covid-1
One teacher said that she had gone to hide many of the children in the toilet of the school for fear that the robber would kill all the children in the area.
He urged the Nokma council and members of the community to take part in the implementation of this initiative taken by the government.
There are those who have passed matriculation, those who have passed class XII and those who have passed degree.
“As a former leader, I feel sorry for the people, because they have been deceived in many ways, such as the suspension of the issuance of the police appointment resolution, the insult to the teachers, the deception of Conrad Sangma. “On these grounds, the people of Shallang before the 2018 elections have asked him to release the mining and transportation of coal within six months, but until now we have not been able to release it as usual,” said Bah Sangma. “As an elected leader, I have to join the BJP to advocate for the issues of the people in the constituency”.
The Dorbar Shnong has extended its special thanks to the Dolloi for taking the initiative to ensure the smooth conduct of the Election and the Police Department.
Professor Oldham urged the government to establish a military base and warehouses like Darjeeling which the government should understand to ensure that peace is ready to be achieved in Assam and Eastern Bengal. some military bases for any emergency in Assam and Eastern Bengal.
The 23 persons who have come to respond to the allegation of white jobs are only from Garo Hills while no one from Khasi Jaintia has come to respond yet.
Others say that it is not enough, but he says and feels that it is still possible.
Speaking to media, James Sangma said it should not hand over to the Discoms, but should distribute the licenses to others.
Meghalaya's team consists of Ayushika Thapa, Darisha Kharlyngdoh, Kerdalin Wanshong, Badarisha Kharumnuid, Napale Lytan, Sanfida Nongrum, Cathrine Kharkongor, Fragrancy Riwan, Sunandai Thapa, Darisha Iawren, Naphishisha Kharkongor, Fedelia Lamare, Nazarene Nondhar.
He said that according to the bill, there will be only one building law in the state.
“There are poor people who sell their belongings when they receive assistance.
At the same time, the BJP urged anyone who has information to come forward and assist in the investigation into the incident.
World Mental Health Day is celebrated worldwide every 10th April to raise awareness and teach how to get rid of mental illness.
Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, said that the Government will take action to direct the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts to install Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) at all Petrol Pumps in the State. Meghalaya is especially prosperous in Garo Hills.
“Sometimes the Board has gone beyond its limits,” said Bah Nongsiang.
This will affect the future of the future generations.
"It's still in the early stages of the investigation and we can't comment on it," Yobin said.
He said there are about 5,000 shops in the market, but he does not know how many shops are owned by foreigners.
Commander said that after the Government of India through the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting sent a letter to the State Government, he and other colleagues wrote a letter to the Ministry of Sports while others wrote a letter to the Ministry of Sports. Information & Public Relation department.
On the other hand, JSSEE would like to thank the DC of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes for his assistance through this scheme, especially in terms of empowering the youth of this area through these many trainings. surname.
At the same time, he called for the cooperation of all non-Congress political parties to bring in a non-Congress government in the state next year.
Speaking at the ceremony, Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of South Shillong Constituency said that it was a any group of teachings is one, to love one another, to respect all religions and to avoid discrimination against one another.
Food sources of this vitamin include fish, meat, poultry, salmon and some seeds.
Therefore, do not try to save yourself by human wisdom and knowledge because there is no other way, except according to the WORD OF GOD. Salvation must be in the name of Jesus Christ.
Isaiah 45:12.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday ordered the state government to ensure that the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) does not ensure that there is no dumping of garbage in any area. Jowai until the government has completed the implementation of a proper garbage dump.
Shillong: The curfew will be extended from 5 pm to 5 pm tomorrow, according to a government statement.
Proverbs 22:22-23.
At about 7 pm, they saw that there was a fire in these shops and but as time went on, the fire increased, until the employees of the shop left the Palace and others nearby. and they went out to wash themselves with water.
Leaders and members of AHAM of Assam, Garo Youth Council (Assam), All Assam Garo Goan Burha Association, Garo Mother Unions (Assam), Garo Students Union (Kamrup), Achik Border Association, Garo National Unions (Assam) The covener of the Garo Demand Committee, Bryan Marak, said that the Garo people should have their own rights. The Autonomous District Council in Assam, in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of the country, to shape their interests in terms of politics, education and education.
While Governor Phagu Chauhan said that the completion of the Raj Bhavan in Tura is a testimony to the Government's determination to speed up development works, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that this shows that unity among the people of the State.
This came after the district administration of West Jaintia Hills accepted the demand of the Karbi to cut down the trees planted at Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor in Lapangap village.
The incident happened at Chotipara village in Jajong Kadoram.
India's GDP fell by 32.9 percent for the second quarter of June-July
This decision was taken after the recent unrest in the party which has seriously affected the image of the party and its members and the people,” said Prof Don.
Not only that, they also set fire to the forest near the office this evening.
In English these groups are called pressure groups.
On the other hand, Bah Commander appealed to the public to be patient with the film and promised that the film will continue to be shown especially after the curfew.
It is not good for a man to be the richest but he does not recognize the great love of God.
Evert Nelson Mawlong has passed the examination with 90% marks and has been able to take part in all the programs conducted by the BCCI. ), Umiam invites application in prescribed application for the(Common Entrance Examination 2019) for admission in to regular full time 2 years B.Ed course from eligible candidates belonging to eight North East States viz.
Dr. Lapang praised the founder of the church and it is through his hard work together with others that this urban church has been able to provide its services to the community.
The Minister in charge of Fisheries, Bah AL Hek today said that the department will set up up to 8 fish farms in all districts of the state and at the same time will attract fish farms. visitors from all over the country and the world.
All government holidays this year will be 24 days including 21 days on Saturdays and Sundays and 11 days on public holidays.
However, this year, since the Delhi Government has imposed a lockdown, sports activities in the country have been decided to be suspended completely. On the other hand, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) has come forward to tighten the rules and regulations by allowing non contact sports activities to start broadcasting programmes. by following the rules that have been written.
The state still needs a lot and the MLAs and political parties should also focus on providing the best governance for the benefit of all the citizens.
On the other hand, the government authorities should take strong action against such parents to punish them equally with the killers because their actions are exactly the intention of killing this innocent soul. I just want to advise those who have the desire to have children that they should know that it is the most precious gift of God and as you have heard that there are those who want to have children but don't have them. Those who want to breed children should hand over the child to those who do not have children who want to have children or to groups who are willing to accept the child to raise and raise.
The opening ceremony was attended by Lasky Rymbai Dy.CEM JHADC as the chief guest, SD Shylla District Tourism Officer Jaintia Hills as the chief guest, Rangbah Shnong Saphai, leaders. village and family members friends and fellow residents.
May his soul rest in peace,” said Conrad Sangma.
On behalf of the family of I (L) Dexterson Pohshna, we would like to extend our heartfelt congratulations and thanks to all of you, relatives, friends, relatives, friends and relatives. Members of the Church of God (M&A), Jowai as well as members of the Assembly and other church groups, the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang, Leaders Shri Lahkmen Rymbui, Shri Wailadmiki Shylla, Shri Moonlight Pariat who came to attend the ceremony. comfort and console us in the time of the loss of our beloved Father.
It is understood that the Mizoram government intends for government employees, employees in various government departments, to wear these traditional costumes on Tuesdays every month.
“First of all, we have to look into the reply sent by the HPC and see what they have said and on that, we will meet again,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
The Court expressed its surprise that even after 50 years of independence, the State has not had a roster system when implementing the State Reservation Policy.
Dharmendra Pradhan was pleased to hear that Meghalaya has implemented the National Education Policy (NEP) in various fields, such as Aspire Meghalaya and Prime Meghalaya which have strengthened the search for talented people. to support self-employment and the opening up of opportunities in Meghalaya.
He said that his mother and sister have also tested positive for the virus.
Noting that there is a need to restructure the education system in the state, the Minister said the government will work hard to address the problems of the teachers by providing grants for their welfare.
It may be that in one year, the unemployment rate is very low, perhaps less than 8 or less than 10, and the share of one of these groups will not reach 1, but only and 0.4.
Even if the Hurry-Jngai is kept away, all the women market dwellers will be gradually replaced by the Beinbsah from Bangladesh, who sell every day on the side of the road from Motphran, to Them Iewmawlong, to Bimola, Umsohsun, Khyndailad, there are many Khiahshipun and Khohkadun who will hold the Motphran of the Pope's Capital. these days.
Everyone should be able to travel safely to their homes because no one wants an incident that can take a person's life.
Shillong: On Tuesday, 28th July, 2022, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone, today said that “The MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP has decided not to Casino will not be allowed to open in Meghalaya after strong opposition from many Sengs, Dorbar Shnongs, Raids, Himas, various religious leaders and even the people themselves”.
Earlier, the Chief Minister said that one person who came from Guwahati to Tura, has tested positive for covid-1
The SEC also discussed the party's preparations for the upcoming elections.
This is the incident of Rachel Edri, 65, who survived the attack on 7th March 2023, the day of the attack on various towns in Israel and the Rachel was arrested for 20 hours in her home.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Civil Society of Women Organization (CSWO) has questioned the government's honoring of a policeman whom the organization has accused of violating human rights and involvement in corruption. .
They help reduce the spread of bacteria in the mouth and prevent the spread of bacteria in the mouth.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa to discuss the issue. Reluctance of Government Departments to inform the media when there is a visit of Government Ministers or dignitaries to the District.
Shillong: Twenty-eight persons have been identified as high risk contacts of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Aman War, today. 19 on Wednesday.
In the middle of Riangdo village there is a stream filled with shyiap and from that place, from time to time, the women used to go to dig stones from this place and for sale.
As the people of Ri Bhoi, whether they are Pnar, Bhoi or War, those who have lived or settled in Ri Bhoi have become the owners of Ri Bhoi and know better from the custom. “The customs and other problems faced by the people in the district,” said Samla Elbert Maring.
Why does our Government spend so much money only in cities like Shillong, Tura, Nongstoiñ, Jowai?
Carefully Gassah of Ummulong was named Man of the Match for 38 runs for one wicket.
After the inspection, they prepare a report and it is on the basis of their report that the authorities and departments of the Government receive information and can develop programs or policies for the health of the residents.
I am speaking particularly of families in our rural areas.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong, regarding the sound equipment, congratulated and expressed his gratitude to Bah PT Sawkmie, as well as the Rangbah Shnong, who said, although it is a small equipment, They can also raise their voices within the community, when announcing the needs of the community.
Sidhi's Superintendent of Police (SP), Ravindra Kumar Verma, said it was Dashmat Rawat, who was assaulted by the chief minister, from Kubri.
“The action of the state government will have a serious impact, because the land in the Khasi Hills is owned by the Raids where the Syiem is the ruler,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. your work.
Speaking at a welcoming ceremony for those who joined the NPP, Danggo said, “After the Civil Sub Division with the assistance of the Chief Minister, I have resigned as an MLA and contested the mid-term election in 2018 from the NPP party. I".
He said that it would not be appropriate to blame or point fingers at each other and the important task is to move forward and find a way to solve this problem.
As it turns out, the Khasi people are the same people who like to live in the hills and high places and they prefer to live in the plains in ancient times.
Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Coming One Ymbon have been appointed as Parliamentary Secretaries in the MUA-II government.
There were many opinions from the experts including the school principals and MBoSE officials including the Executive Chairman, MBoSE Tura Ambrose Ch Marak, Deputy Commissioner, Tura Municipal Board. , JD Sangma, Additional Deputy Commissioner, WGH Rezia Ch Sangma, Principal, Don Bosco College, Rev. Fr Threnius Sangma and others.
With this victory, Langsning have earned 10 points from four games while Sawmer have moved up to the SPL table with six points from four games.
“The HSPDP has demanded in the Legislative Assembly to implement Article 371 of the Constitution in Meghalaya which clearly states to abolish the District Councils but the same party has now reinstated it. “The HSPDP is an unfounded party and the leaders of this party have not changed their minds,” said Fedrick.
U Shitang Rymbai, besides being a calm man, was also a brave and intelligent ruler. The governor, has no desire to restore transparency and trust among the citizens.
“The Prime Minister should look at the facts with the education department and should speak the truth,” said the statement.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today handed over the land titles to 100 households who are entitled to receive these land titles according to their request and demand to own the land. .
They also know the duty to respect the Lama and the Constitution.
Josper S.DuraHave you ever seen a dog tied to your neck with a silver chain? His owners/Masters did this work.
Angkit Tamang scored 3/102 in 10 overs, Cham Marbaniang scored 2/51 in 10 overs, Bilgrak Sangma scored 1/54 in 8 overs and Shavian Blah scored 1/6 in 8 overs.
Although Langsning FC scored five goals, Khliehmawlieh YC did not lose hope but managed to score two goals in the 70th and 91st minutes from R.Dkhar.
The life of the farmer, when you look at it, is really beautiful, because the life of these people, is that they live together with the marlang, because when they go from time to time, the marlang gives They have a lot of knowledge, like when the water rises suddenly, they know that there is a lot of snow from other places, so they know how to cleanse themselves. Besides that, the life of the fishermen also brings a healthy body, because when they go to the rivers, the food is also good, their minds are temporarily distracted from excessive weight. the work they do is their work every day.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah recently said that it is not possible for the government to accept the HPC's proposal because their demand is high.
Nongpoh: On the occasion of the International Art of Giving Day, a group of youths from Ri Bhoi District, today celebrated the International Art of Giving Day. He went to distribute donations to some poor families in Nongwah Mawtamur and Umden La-ang villages in Sohkhwai area.
Stroke and blood pressure dysfunction can increase.
The foot is suspected to be related to the head of a man found on 17th October from the same area.
The Minister said that the North East is the largest producer of siej and ethanol has been produced from siej which can be used as fuel for vehicles and this will also help in the production of siej. It will create jobs in which many workers will be employed in factories that will produce Siej to Ethanol.
He said that this social agreement will immediately end the insurgency and through this, there are no more armed groups in Assam now.
The source said that the mother and father of these children used to beat them excessively until the neighbors felt sorry for them.
He also appealed to the schools to work together with the Seng to develop and improve the society in many areas as the schools have great power how to teach and how to shape the society.
Currently, more than 25 crore people in the country have accident insurance and term insurance worth T.2 lakh.
Those who follow and keep the commandments, but their hearts are filled with hatred and envy of others.
“We will hold a meeting to discuss this,” said the BJP President and added that if the intention is to change it for the sake of improvement and strengthening, the party will not oppose.
Therefore, the union would like to suggest to the government to send tests to all the soldiers who enter the state at this time when COVID 19 is still spreading all over the world and only in India. thousands of people alone have received it and thousands have died and many have recovered.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 29: The widespread deforestation affects the environment, the surrounding area, all the living things inside it and also pollutes the air.
Immanuel.
Shillong, June 5: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Association (JACATAM) and the Khasi Jaintia Deficit (JACATAM) have said that the government should delay the reading of the Bill. The KJDSTA (KJDSTA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the release of a teacher of Tura Christian Girls Higher Secondary School, Iqbal Rafique, who was abducted by robbers on Sunday.
Last month, Klinsmann, who announced his appointment as Bento's replacement, and as a player and manager, Jurgen won the World Cup. Cup 1990 as a German player and as manager of his former team, he led the team to the semifinals of the 2006 World Cup.
“This smuggling is very rampant in our state especially in relation to the smuggling of cattle.
A thorough research will help to identify which parts of the religion and customs the Khasi-Jaintia people have inherited from others.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MPMC) will hold a protest outside the Congress Bhavan, Shillong tomorrow against the BJP government's introduction and passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill
The badminton team of the country in the men's doubles tournament of Satwiksairaj Rankireddy & Chirag Shetty has been successful, in which the two have defeated their opponents. Fajar Alfian and Muhammad Rian Ardianto scored 10 goals throughout the tournament to qualify for the semifinals of the Indonesian Open World Tour Super
This reminder is not meant to discourage the students from participating in all kinds of activities without knowing why and whether it is appropriate for them to take part in such activities. we that jaid you.
According to the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlat Area, Bah Maron Suting, a large hill has suddenly collapsed on Thursday this month and the PMGSY road has been covered by the landslide. and which also resulted in the stopping of vehicles that were supposed to enter the village.
However, in order to ensure the smooth running of the works in the village, the Raid office bearers, as directed by the KHADC, have handed over the Sanad to Bah Hilarious who is the Acting Rangbah Shnong of the village. Mouse.
Speaking on the occasion, he said, “Elections come and go, problems come and go but the only thing that remains is the relationship.
He said that it is necessary to understand that when you speak, you should speak the truth and not something else.
Jesus said, Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.
The new unit was confirmed by the President of the party, Bah Andreas Nongkynrih in the presence of other leading leaders.
Travis Head scored 62 runs off 48 balls while David Warner tied for 29 runs in the second semi final. 18 vol.
The five leaders, who left the NPP, are elderly people who have experienced the coal mining and this time, they have the Therefore, I would like to ask you to strongly oppose the smuggling of coal from Assam, to support the coal factories, when the coal has been suspended for more than 5 years and cannot be sold or bought. In one word, it shows that the local coal cannot be sold and the foreign coal goes to the market exactly.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The mother of Samla Irikmen Shabong, Kong Sherita Shabong of Wahlang Madanbitaw village on Tuesday appealed to the people of the state especially to the leaders of the Bhalang, government officials and Irikmen Shabong will take part in the International Arm Wrestling Championship in Turkey in April.
Speaking at the meeting held at Umlyngka, Pynshngaiñ said that the District Council will have to look into the building laws until the government changes them as the District Council wants.
Rupang, has looked closely at the name stone and has identified him as a man who died in November 1900, which is now 114 years old.
Samla Mebariskhem Thabah as President also congratulated the members who came forward to donate their blood at the Blood Bank Nongpoh so that they can continue to have a healthy body.
Nowadays, all those who build houses do not have a place to dig liewsboh to break jhur, soh snep, spoiled food and so on.
There are also, as readers can see above, plants that do not have a name in English because that plant does not exist in England, or the English have not yet named it in their language.
Those who approached the High Court, which also include Film & Television Producers Guild of India (PGI), Cine & TV Artistes' Association (CINTAA), Indian Film and TV Producers Council (IFTPC), Screenwriters Association (SWA), Aamir Khan Productions, Ad-Labs Films, Ajay Devgn Films, Andolan Films, Anil Kapoor Film and Communication Network, Arbaaz Khan Productions, Ashutosh Gowariker Productions, BSK Network and Entertainment, Cape of Good Films, Clean Slate Filmz, Dharma Productions, Emmay Entertainment Pictures, Excel Entertainment, Filmkraft Productions, Hope Production, Kabir Khan Films, Luv Films, Macguffin Pictures, Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment, One India Stories, R S Entertainment (Ramesh Sippy Entertainment), Rakeysh Omprakash Linement Mehrament,Chinfelli Pictures, Reliance Big Entertainment, Rohit Shetty Picturez, Roy Kapur Films, Salman Khan Films, Sikhya Entertainment, Sohail Khan Productions, Tiger Baby Digital, Vinod Chopra Films, Vishal Bhardwaj Pictures and Yashraj Films.
The incident occurred at 1:30 pm.
The Singapore court said Masita, who is an Indonesian, had been working at the home since 2021 and her duties at the home were to look after the two children. synrap and at the same time to do some small household chores.
When asked about the MLAs in the state who will attend Modi's meeting, the BJP leaders declined to give their names. The three candidates are AL Hek MLA from Pynthor-Umkhrah, Sanbor Shullai MLA from 19th Shillong South and Robinus Syngkon MLA independently.
Similarly, the District Police Chief, in a statement to the media this evening, said that on the 19th of November 2023, about seven police stations have been destroyed.
The investigation into the incident on 16-8-2013 will continue according to the law but it is necessary to know why it happened as it happened; Don't take them as stupid people, but as people who have lost their souls, until you get a clear understanding from Samla Lambha Nongrum.
Referring to the issue of coal mining, VG Kynta said that from time to time the Meghalaya High Court has to order the government to stop the illegal mining.
" Rida said again.
“There is nothing wrong in the party where we have already known this will happen and we have been preparing for this and we have had meetings where we have gone ahead to introduce the names of the party members from different districts,” he said.
On Monday, Bah Pyrkhat donated 9,000 Tyngka to the Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong which runs the four CQCs in collaboration with the Mookyrdup Dorbar, Tyndong Wapung Dorbar Shnong and others.
Speaking on the UDP candidate for the mid-term elections from 47 Rajabala constituency, Lyngdoh said Ashahel D Shira is an MDC from Batabari constituency and a former MLA of Rajabala. Constituency from 2013 to
These guidelines have been issued partly to protect and preserve the water sources so that it will not affect the availability of drinking water in the present and future generations in the state.
A drawing and storytelling competition was also held among the children.
“Because the CEC held yesterday has decided to merge the PDF and the NPP, what can I do alone when others have decided? Regarding the decision of the PDF to join the NPP, James said, “From the beginning, the party was formed to “It's a national party to talk about the problems of the society and the nation but the decision to change the flag or merge elsewhere has caused even the people to be shocked because many such incidents have been witnessed,” he said.
After completing his practical training, 2020-2023, he studied for a Bachelor of Theology at Sacred Heart Theological College, Mawlai, Shillong and was ordained a Deacon on 1st November, 2023 at Sacred Heart Shrine, Sacred Heart. Theological College, Mawlai, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that for the common benefit of the people of the state, there is a need for an English-speaking Governor in the Legislative Assembly.
He said that this statement of the candidate has condemned him by saying that the disabled cannot participate in the community work.
When inquired about the condition of the suspect, Bah Syiem said that the suspect has completed his education up to Class-XII and lives at Wahingdoh.
Laitumkhrah is a peaceful village, everyone can come, there is no restriction but the incident was sad, and we don't want such an incident to happen again,” said Rangbah Shnong Andrew. .
In the open category, six candidates will be selected to represent the district at the Meghalaya State Level to be held in Ri Bhoi District on the 14th and 15th of this month.
Police have registered a case against them under the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
Drugs have been able to enter even the villages and streets through the market operators.
All religious rituals and the like are not the way to heaven.
Initial investigation revealed that the victim was identified as Zecharia Sohthiang, 25, of Mawtary, Maydron, Umsning. At 3 pm on 19th October 2023, 3-4 unidentified robbers have robbed Khyndailad.
“The following year I went to St. Paul's Seminary, Upper Shillong to try because I wanted to learn English.
He received the International Education Awards-2020 for contribution towards education community awarded by KITES Foundation-Knowledge Innovation Technology Entrepreneurship & Sportsmanship, YUVA Innovator & School Fest, New Delhi.
Colleges who wish to participate in this competition can send their application forms on or before 14th July to email –.
Yes, we will not talk about these incidents, because the Forum together with others have expressed our feelings on these incidents, and urge the youth of the country who deserve to be angry, not to do anything that will cause disruption to the daily peace and order.
The HNLC said that as of now, the state government wants its members to surrender first and on this issue, the HNLC said, “How can we trust when we have experienced them? events that happened before.
If we try to compare with the protests in the past years, there is nothing like this, where all the people believe in the command of this Leader to be peaceful.
The arrested persons have been monitored since the beginning of
The song was composed by Amos Suting and sung by Wanjop Sohkhlet.
At the end of July this year, Bah Malngiang met with the Orthopedic Surgeon Dr. Wanlam Khongwir who conducted the investigation and finally said that it would be necessary to repair the The bone injury in the right leg is more severe and can endanger the patient in the future.
Therefore, just as the Khasi snap could not be said of the Christians of old about two hundred years ago, so now the Khasi snap cannot be said of those who struggle to inherit from the father.
The meeting was conducted by Melki Dhar, Working President HNYM West Jaintia Hills District. The meeting was opened by Embhah Passah, Vice President HNYM Central Body, Marshall Nonglait. He urged the leaders of the Seng to be brave and courageous as leaders because the country and the nation urgently needs the youth to be the protectors of the land, the border for peace. of future generations.
Speaking to media after the opening of the meeting held at Jail Road, Shillong, Bah Nongsiang said, “There are (deficit teachers) among us, who are They served for 29 years, 30 years and even 35 years but when they retired they didn't get anything.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the National Games Organizing Committee, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya government has collected about Rs 450 crore from the National Games Organizing Committee. The Government of India has decided to prepare for the National Games 2020 to be held in Meghalaya.
Instead of creating those ways how to bring about that development in the villages as they promised and swore, they are busy with how to knieh shuki and how to form parties to strengthen themselves. .
However, before the end of the first half, Group D scored another goal through Teddy Suting.
The interesting thing is that this time even the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has joined hands in this work.
A copy of this letter has been sent to the SP, East Jaintia Hills District for further action.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy on Tuesday held a meeting with senior leaders on the issue of Krishna River after the Cabinet discussed the implementation of the Krishna River. the Krishna Water Disputes Tribunal II (KWDT-II).
At the start of the first half, the match was very tight as both the teams had chances to take the ball but it was in the 20th minute that Macdonald Kharbuki scored the first goal for Marbisu. He struck the ball hard and it went straight into the net and through this 1 goal Marbisu took the lead.
The Central Government has released only T.166.18 crore since 2009-14 out of T.210.21 crore because the State Government has not been able to meet the requirements such as the submission of the District Annual Plan (DAP), he said. CAG.Shillong, Nailur 25: The State Government is preparing to improve the border markets with Bangladesh in the State.
Ma Vincent said the Congress will contest from all 60 constituencies and all the candidates are educated and qualified including doctors, engineers, lawyers, scientists and others.
Both the groups have more than 30 parties, including Regional Parties from the North East.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Lottery Regulation Rule 2019, which has been suspended for 11 years, has caused a huge loss of revenue to the state government.
Also present on the occasion were General Secretary Khrawkupar Pajat, Publicity Secretary Rijied Katrai, Th B Singh, Principal Farida Khan. and they play chess.
Shillong: On the 5th November 2021, four villages of Mawlatang, Tyrngei and Sohkhmi, East Khasi Hills District, under the leadership of the Sordar Shnongs of three districts including The women, parents and youth organizations of the village have turned and stood in front of the PWD office at Pynursla, carrying placards to condemn the four contractors.
However, since there is no election in the middle, where we go, it is our choice.
The BJP, on the other hand, has joined hands with the NPP after receiving a directive from the party president JP Nadda.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-SAU) on Tuesday donated copies to the students of Class V to Class X The school is located in Shella Village.
“How many years will we wait to listen to the MeECL officials? We demand according to the law and not illegally,” she said.
On the other hand, the lawyer of the victims, Evalarisha Rynjah, in the hearing of the Special POCSO Court, demanded that the suspect should be sentenced to life imprisonment. of me.
“We are confident that the presence of Meghalaya House in Bangalore will benefit the students studying and working in Karnataka as well as the people who come for treatment,” said Samla Amos.
Meanwhile, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that the Central Government in its budget has also allocated special financial assistance to the District Councils and the T.25 crore will be implemented through this budget. help is not new.
He also expressed his satisfaction when he saw the Khasi brothers and sisters who have started living in the streets because they too need to fill their pockets.
Kalbrert Malieh scored the second goal for Lumshyiap in the 45th and 90th minutes.
Eliminate Vote Bank Politics (promote religious sentiments just to attract votes during elections).
Tbn O. Upstar Lyngdoh, former Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai passed away on 2nd August
He said that if the entrance to Motphran is not allowed, how can the vehicles coming from Mawlai turn, and how can the people walk.
ISIS militants have celebrated the bombing of Christian churches in Sri Lanka and said they would shed the blood of their enemies in the blood of unclean people. .
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 08: U MDC of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Carness Sohshang and President of the Alumni Association of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat today inaugurated the memorial to Sngap Sing Syiem, one of the founders of Sngap Syiem College. The Hima Maharam and also the Ramp which is a walkway for people with disabilities to climb and descend at a cost of T. Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, Carness said that the statue of Sngap Syiem standing in front of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat will speak and show the sign. to remember his love as a great man who wanted our nation to stand on its own foundation and also to remember the great deeds and achievements he has done.
Mylliem market; Musiang market of Sutnga/Jaintiapur district; Sohra market; Khlawduh market of Nongkhlaw district.
Although there are few farmers, the main crops are Sying, Kdait or Synsar, rice, Sohniamtra, Sohpriam, Soh Bel, Phandieng and others.
The election of Waheh Shnong for the second term 2021-22, 2022-23 was held at the Mowtyrshiah Dorbar Hall in the presence of the Dolloi of Raliang District, Chawas Lyngdoh.
However, later on, a contractor agreed to construct the road and it has completed about three kilometers.
The fact is that if there is a change in the Reservation Policy, the Government should be based on the income of the residents and the State Government should not deviate from the original principle that the Reservation Policy is based on the income of the residents. for people who are economically backward and unable to participate in khadar governance.
Also present were Williamnagar MLA Marcuise Marak, Siju Rongara MLA Rakkam Sangma, GHADC CEM Albinus Marak, GHADC Dy CEM Nikam Marak and others.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, said that the Government will take a decision on the price of tuition fees once the Comparative Data has been received.
At that time Isaiah urged King Hezekiah to surrender himself to the Lord God for the protection of the Lord God in order to receive the protection that God would preserve Judah.
However, until those big traffickers are arrested or exposed, we will not win this terrible war against drugs.
When inquired from many of those who attended the meeting, but did not register with the AITC, they said that if Justin G. Momin, the AITC candidate, will work hard from these days, When asked how they understand that the fight will be between the AITC candidate and the HSPDP candidate, Gigur said. Myrtong, who is now the MLA of the constituency, has brought many benefits to the people of the constituency such as roads, sports grounds for the youth, schools and other development works for the villages. They said that these were the truths.
The court, there, made it clear that the confidentiality of the messages is not complete and there needs to be a provision for all parties.
“Because the HPC has expressed its concern on some issues which they should discuss among themselves, we have also allowed them to complete it on or before the second month of in July before we meet again,” said Prestone.
Besides the flooding of the Lyteiñ River, there has also been a landslide and rockfall on the road in Daistong village. The Public Works Department East Jaintia Hills District, East Jaintia Hills District, has reached Daistong village to clean up the area, but due to the heavy rainfall, the workers and farmers have found it difficult to clean up the area. the road because as you clear the ground, it also falls because of the heavy rain.
Besides those from the state, he said many also come from Jaggi Road, Assam and his medicine also goes to Rajasthan.
If the ethnic parties do not support the UDP candidate in this MP election as they announced to support Pastor Basaiawmoit, the UDP may leave the ethnic parties and join the party. Congress.
