The ration vendors have been directed to distribute the ration immediately to those who deserve it and to include the names of the beneficiaries.
The teacher from Ri Bhoi, who received the National Award, is Madhav Singh, a science teacher from Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh.
There are currently 178 MCS officers in the state.
The Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has written to all government offices to arrive at their workplaces on time.
On the 21st, the quarterfinal match will be between Rymbai Shkenshynriah FC and Mihmyntdu FC at 2.00 pm.
Shillong: The KHNAM today announced six MDC candidates for the 2019 MDC elections in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Dimarsing Marbaniang of Laitumkhrah-Malki, Glenbert Khongwir of Mawkhar Pynthor, Strong Kharjana of Jaiaw, Khamborlang Kharshandy of Mawphlang-Diengiei and Baiateilang Lapang of Umroi constituency.
Speaking one after another, these Congress leaders said that as of now, the Congress is still strong in the state and will surely win the rule in the state government. the 2023 election.
The Manipur government on Tuesday did not extend the curfew as usual in these four districts where it has deployed more security personnel against the women's protest, which was led by the Kwairamband. I am the Keithel Joint Coordinating Committee for Peace (KIKJCCP).
Nongstoiñ: A 5 year old girl has lost her life after being hit by a truck in Umdang WKHD village this evening.
At the same time, the JSU urges the bank managers to appoint people to call the serial number or token number of the public, and at the same time it is better if the banks use use the Mouth Piece to call the Number token.
The union strongly urges the office of the Chief Engineer of MeECL, Lumjingshai Shillong.
Imat who gets paid.
Speaking at the programme, Samla Leningrad Tariang urged the winner of the mountain climbing competition to continue to play hard and work hard to bring more glory to the family. to encourage other youngsters who have this talent and to promote this sport in the state.
However, at the same time, he said that the border dispute has been going on for a long time and has been going on since the beginning but the government will take measures to resolve it.
These two parties have held many departments that generate revenue.
The total expenditure of the KHADC for the trip to Delhi is T12,05,2
We, his friends, have known Dr. Don for many things, especially since we have never seen him speak in a loud voice, forget to threaten anyone with anger, don't between the judgments and the judgments.
Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar in his speech congratulated and praised the management of the school for reaching the 25th Anniversary.
Explaining the Word of God, Father Sylvester said, “Mothers are the ones who have a special talent and skill, who are the teachers of their children to grow up in knowledge as well as in you are spiritual".
The contractors also expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's release of funds to the contractors. they get the money quickly.
With his performance, he has been selected for the World Athletics Championship 2023 to be held from 19-27 July. 8.25m.
He is the former MLA Shri Justine Dkhar.
This promotes access to specific products and services without requiring new entrants to invest in new user relationships and thus leads to innovation and competition.
This festival lasts for five days and is held in the month of November at Smit, the capital of the Hima Khyrim.
He said that the political parties under the MDA Government will also discuss the issue with their respective parties in the presence of the party office bearers, MLAs and MDCs. who suggested that this issue be discussed at the meeting of all political parties.
“The UCC is one of the issues scheduled for discussion in the business session and the UDP is one of the parties in the state which has already sent a letter against the implementation of the bill in the state. " said Mr. Sawkmie.
The FKJGP has announced to start its protest by raising the flag and will also invite the people to vote for the KHA DC. The KHADC has issued NOCs to the road projects which the KHADC has accepted as the routes to uranium mining.
Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at the rate of 7.205 kilos per household at T.12.70/- to T.13.00/- per kilo.
This is very important and no organization or group can support itself without money or funds.
Speaking to reporters, these leaders said that the reason for the meeting was after the announcement that the government employee from the area may be dismissed. Many of the residents of the area expressed their sorrow and grief because they are easy to meet and discuss all the issues from the office because they say that he is a person who is ready to help.
Bah Nongsiang said that the teachers have felt that they should seek information themselves to be satisfied because the answer they receive from the government is that there is no money.
Swaraj, who underwent surgery in 2016, did not contest the 2019 MP elections due to illness.
The Seng strongly condemns this lack of action by the office to curb the illegal entry of these foreign vehicles which threatens the society and livelihood of the indigenous people.
Kejriwal strongly criticized the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and the Lieutenant Governor for failing to take action to curb violence against women.
The union expects this officer to continue to work better for the development of Ri Bhoi and especially to look after the problems of the border residents in Block-II under the Raid Nongtung.
This has really affected our thinking and it seems that we are living in misery.
Shillong: The State Government has announced a ban on the operation of the internet in East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Ribhoi District for 48 hours.
“However, it is not easy for us to appoint them because there are rules and regulations that have to be followed,” he added.
The market exhibited agricultural products such as jhur, syntiew, jhur seeds, handicrafts, clothes, traditional foods and others. various villages, as well as NGOs within the Block of West Jaintia Hills.
The first mention of the use of rynsun in China was in 510 AD. Rynsun was also eaten by ancient Greek and Roman soldiers as well as by sailors.
Guwahati: Sum Ronghang, Minister of Hill Areas Development, Assam, has become the first Minister of Assam to test positive for the corona virus.
All of them (except Bah PT Sawkmie) were welcomed to the party by the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh at a meeting attended by supporters and senior leaders of the party.
The BSF has been arresting people on the grounds that they have violated the law.
They also demanded that the price of lyer shet should be announced to the public before distribution, so that the public should know the price they are entitled to pay, said a statement from Bah Reginald Thabah, Asst. General Secretary, FKJGP central body.
xvi) The program Through My Window is a talk by the author about another author who lived in the same era.
In the women's U-17 category, Ri-bhoi beat East Garo Hills 6-0, South West Garo Hills 0-6 and West Garo Hills 0-6 West Jaintia Hills beat South West Khasi Hills 1-1
Now this election campaigner (of Bah Prestone) with his songs has become the Congress candidate for the 2014 MDC election from Nongshken Constituency.
The MLA also urged the party workers and supporters not to listen to the claims of other parties that the NPP is a corrupt and selfish party.
Shillong: In the women's basketball category, Tyllilang Basketball Academy beat Brawlers 61-21 points while Shakinah Academy beat United 12-29 points.
He said that the proposal also stipulates that there should be 40 MDCs of which 4 will be newly appointed, and those too may be from outside the community.
He also reminded the Archbishop of the recent meeting of Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Pope Benedict in Rome.
Tomorrow, there will be strong winds of 30 to 40 kilometers in parts of the state.
These measures aim to bring about a transformation in India’s agricultural sector through a combination of policies, investment, financial support, technology and further improvement of the sectors.
This encounter was on the road.
“Besides, Rakkam also expressed the hope that the first students of this college will be the writers of the history of the college and will also be part of the history. of the college.
He was also elected as the Resource Person of the District Arts & Culture Society in
In India, there are about 40 places included in this list and most of them are in Maharashtra.
The DGP said that in the incident in Tura, 18 policemen, CRPF and one Homeguard were injured in the stone throwing by the crowd, 16 men and 2 women. female.
“We don't know why the doctors from this department have disappeared since these years,” said the former President of the Beef Sellers Association who has been selling beef in Iewduh since
The DKNRH also requested the state government to immediately resolve this issue so that there is no misunderstanding on the Land Ownership Act.
It is learned that while Bah Omega was on his way home alone, the robbers abducted and killed Bah Omega at Pomlum View Point while his body was buried near the Umiam River.
Two of them are BJP MLAs, Dinganglung Ganmei and SS Olish, while two others are from Conrad Kongkal Sangma's National People's Party (NPP). Janhemlung Panmei with the MLA himself, J said.
Would you like to know on what basis this sister is against this Bill? Has this sister received permission from the Catholic Church to do so? Have you been sent to oppose this Bill by the Church? I would like to clarify and know about this.
Also, how to strengthen the Dorbar Kur, in order to bring about unity especially to avoid bloodshed even though in the last three years no Dorbar Bah has been held.
The Sengbhalang conducts trade license inspections from time to time and finds in many cases that they conduct inspections of foreigners to trade freely and illegally in violation of the laws of the country. District Council.
As part of strengthening the party's preparations for the upcoming Assembly elections next year.
JOWAI: The election of the new legislators for the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has gone smoothly.
He praised the hard work of the teachers who have taken part in the promotion of sports in the area and hoped that with the participation of many participants in these games, they will be able to revive them. very old games.
The cause of the incident at the time of writing of this news has not been confirmed in what manner the house caught fire. khait includes this soul that is 3 months old.
The hearing will be held on the 22nd of November.
The ASHA scheme enables women in every village to earn a living.
He said that an investigation is ongoing to find out whether there are any people who have contributed to this illegal armed group.
Up to 372 players, from 10 years old to adults, from different districts came to participate in this tournament.
The Church of God led by Rev. JJM Nichols' Roy, called by God as Isaiah, the prophet, from 1900-5
They include Daiahunlangki Shylla, Deinambhami Phawa, Lanaika Kamar, Banlambha Pala, Edify Bamon, Foremost Dhar, Gareth Tyngkan, Mechan Bareh and Salonbhahmi Suchiang.
General Secretary- Rajes Tamaha.
The Constitution of District Councils Rules, 2013 was passed by the KHADC in the last session but the Bill has been stalled in the state government after a controversy.
When asked about the incidents that have happened frequently in the past years, he said it is true that there have been incidents in the past years.
In 1892, Rev. John Jones from Wales received the 22 first Christians of the Church together with Khroo Ryngkhlem and Shong Rymbai in Jowai.
“In this regard, I would like to share with the people that Bah Joy is descended from his father,” said Bah Syiem.
The six Dorbar Shnongs include Mawryngkneng, Puriang, Kut, Thangshalai, Ksehpyndeng and Pomura.
“Now the Spirit of God commands all people everywhere to repent.
Moallem had left for Guwahati on 26th June to pick up a patient from Guwahati and returned to Shillong on July 6th. Shillong Civil Hospital, said Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
As the heirs of this age, do we think, ask these words before we do anything? Why do I choose to say these words on this day, because Kiang Nangbah is one of the best examples for us, who lives to walk and fulfill his duty here on earth with righteousness, courage, truth, responsibility, dedication and selflessness for the sake of the country and the nation.
Then I asked the doctors and nurses, “Why did you send me to sleep here?” They replied, “It is a religion, that everyone who comes to the hospital for treatment must sleep here first, even if they are religious. or worldly, righteous or wicked, righteous or wicked, rich or poor...not Conrad or Modi.
He stressed that as players the most important thing is that when they play football they should have manners and responsibility, if they lose manners and dignity they will not achieve anything. .
I will appeal to the High Court against the UDP and NPP if they continue to insult me ​​for their political gain,” he said.
The class X students in 2024 are still studying with the old textbooks.
The court also asked how the state governments have to pay higher prices for the same medicine, while the Indian government has to pay lower prices.
This Son of God is the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world.
After completing Class VII in the village, he went to St. Paul's Minor Seminary Lait Mer Upper Shillong to complete the remaining classes before becoming a Brother.
We have also decided to find ways and means to fight against this threat and we will continue to take up this issue with various state governments or even with the central government to fight according to the circumstances of that state. " he said.
JOWAI: U Ma Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai today inaugurated the Ladthadlaboh Health and Wellness Center (HWC).
So far, there has been no social agreement between the Government of India, the Government of Meghalaya and the HNLC and no parties have tried to break the talks.
Nongpoh: Thousands of fish in the Umtrew River in Byrnihat, on Saturday, have died and fallen into the banks of the river.
there is also a 10-bed clinic that has been started," Barman said.
Speaking to reporters after handing over his resignation letter, Ardent said the reason for his resignation from the post of CEM is because he has the intention to hold the post of CEM. ARPA within the District Council.
In fact, Diengsyiang Village should receive a parking fee for Kali because the parking lot falls within the boundary of this village and the entrance fee to this Dewlynnong, not only during the Festivals but at all times, the Diengsyiang should be celebrated as the gateway to this village.
The prayer was held this morning at the Dulong Dorbar Shnong, Jowai under the leadership of the Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, who is a resident of Dulong.
Speaking to reporters, the officer said that soon he will put up a notice on the ground floor of the office to show the cost or prices of the mur. apply for a license or apply for a vehicle registration, so that the public knows the cost.
Shillong, Naitung 15: While the world is celebrating this morning to witness the final match of the World Cup between Germany and Argentina, the residents of Jalaphet village, Jaintia Hills have lost their lives. rejoice with the world on such a day.
However, if there is a road from Nonglang to Mawrok, the distance is only about 13 kilometers.
The contract has given a figure that has been increased because it has to pay the engineer and the minister of PWD.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah was accompanied by Jowai MLA Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, CEO of the Municipal, Contractors and others.
He said the party will also demand the amendment of Para 12 (a) of the Sixth Scheduled to strengthen the powers of the district councils in the state, to recognize the land titles registered with the district councils, to pay directly to the district councils. Village Councils, Hima Councils and others.
What will happen to the borders of the kingdom of Israel? All the Arab countries will stand up against each other, and there will be a great war between Israel and the countries of the world.
The Court said that the government should take measures to ensure that vehicles can pass on both sides of the bridge and also not to allow multiple vehicles to pass at the same time from the bridge. the idea of ​​thinking about the strength of the bridge to support"
Dr Mily Dey, Director of the Bangladesh Doctors' Foundation (BDF) Trust, said that 100 doctors have died in the country due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District today visited the NHIDCL office in Shillong. and has not given any satisfaction to the party regarding the construction of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District.
The Act was also implemented in the districts of United Khasi Hills and Garo Hills at that time.
In the shooting, Siaidi Kharumnuid won the first prize, Spenshon Khongjirem won the second prize, Kioman Marbaniang fourth, Shalankupar Khongwet won the second prize and Brightstar Khongwet won the second prize.
Ahmedabad, Jan 21: Gujarat Revenue Minister Anandiben Patel, who is also close to Chief Minister Narendra Modi, will become the new Chief Minister of Gujarat. Patel, 73, was previously a teacher, but has quit her job and gone into politics. Kiran Bedi, who is with Anna Hazare's team, said today that she would agree if she gets the opportunity to become the chief minister of Delhi. Earlier, the BJP had elected Harsh Vardhan as the party leader in the November elections. Bedi, who has been elected as the MP of Chandni Chowk, will be able to become the chief ministerial candidate of Delhi in the upcoming elections. Gadkari, one of the BJP leaders, wrote on Twitter that Kiran Bedi would be the chief minister of Delhi.
Riskhemki Bang of Sabah Muswang SC was named Man of the Match, Given Son Suting of Demthring was named the top scorer and Samkor Ryngkhlem of Demthring SC was named the best goalkeeper. Given Son Suting of Demthring SC won the Player of the Tournament title. The winner of the final received a cash prize of 20,000 thousand tyngka. The second place winner will receive 10,000 thousand tyngka and trophies.
After the end of his speech, it was the turn of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to speak. Bah Pynshngaiñ said that since the state was established, if there is no Para 12A in the 6th Schedule, the state government will He said that the District Council does not fall under the jurisdiction of the State Government, but under the Constitution of India.
Nongpoh: A mother and two children who were sleeping lyngai inside a house near the NH-6 in Umran Dairy village in Ri Bhoi, have escaped from a tragic incident. Their house was hit by an oil truck heading towards Guwahati.
The first entry:- It was during the leadership of Moses, Aaron and Joshua that the Israelites left Egypt, their rocky land, and crossed the Red Sea and the Jordan River. They came to the land of Canaan, which is now called Israel.
He said that the allegation to defame the stone by building a cross on top is wrong and unfounded.
He said that this month he will provide two more parking spaces, which will accommodate about 500 vehicles, and some of the parking spaces of government departments that are not used will be taken over by Urban. Affairs Department to build more parking spaces.
We have been persecuted and discriminated against and economic development in our state and areas has stagnated because we participate in khaddar governance only during elections.
Last year, a man who had bought land in Ribhoi area phoned me and said that Conrad Sangma had spoken against the Byrni-Shillong railway project.
Because there is no one to look after and care for them, the houses have been destroyed and destroyed from the wells, doors, tins, barns and tnum which have been destroyed and covered with small trees. and the night was nier.
Both of these foods build immunity.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang has concluded the light festival which was prepared to brighten up the entire village before Christmas until the New Year.
Former BJP General Secretary Dipayan Chakravorty, writing on his Facebook page, recalled the protests held by the BJP in Ri Bhoi in 2007-08 against the distribution of “Who was the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies at that time?” “It is a great shame that such people joined the BJP and spoke against the BJP. Government of Meghalaya has nothing to do with it.
SURE celebrated World AIDS Day on Friday at the hall of HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, in collaboration with the office of the Headmaster of the school.
At first glance, it can be assumed that immediately after this, it became very difficult to try to destroy the political parties because the division came from the same source as a group of youth or young people.
The BJP has also alleged that it is due to the involvement of government officials and private companies that the government has not recognized the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) in Sohra. to destroy this government company.
To bring about Gender Equality: To accept and approve equality between men and women.
Shillong: UDP President Titosstarwell Chyne on Tuesday said that the party is not in a hurry to announce the names of the candidates for the MDC elections next year.
He said that after receiving a promise from the MLA of Nongthymmai to provide within 10 days, the party has suspended temporarily but will continue to protest in the coming days.
He said that the state government should stop the Aadhar number and should do as usual until another arrangement is made, so that it will not deprive the youth and school children. to receive their reward.
The Spanish Flu began in 1918 shortly after the end of World War I.
The residents of the village have also sent a letter to the Syiem of Kynsai N Syiem demanding the election of a full Rangbah Shnong and the Syiem has rejected their request. resident of Mawpen.
During the search, police found 150 soap bars weighing 2.22 kilos and were covered with blad powder.
Besides the lack of relationship or closeness with the old people who often live in the city after winning the elections, they have to fight against their brothers and sisters in a small income of only 40%. you are separate.
The drug dealer was identified as Ajay Paul, a resident of Kapurthala, Punjab, who was arrested with 11.8 kilograms of heroin in Srinagar on Tuesday.
Forty students of the district came to take part in the examination.
The District Council and the Government held a meeting on the 3rd of July while the VAB-2015 was passed on the 30th of July during the National Assembly. welcome to the Polo ground.
Conrad said the investigation was led by the Managing Director of MTDC and according to the report submitted to the government, no evidence was found to allege that the SE had done or conducted it alone.
Five of those who refused to wear masks went to dig a grave for those who died of the coronavirus in Ngabetan village, East Java, The Jakarta Post reported.
Explaining about the inability to hold the meeting at USTM, Ma Vincent H. Pala said that the reason for the inability to hold the meeting at USTM was due to the lack of permission from the Meghalaya government, as the Meghalaya government is ruled by the BJP from Delhi. Rahul Gandhi, who came to the state to bring unity and not to divide, was shocked because they did not know what the purpose of Rahul Gandhi was.
The teaching from parents, from grandparents, from grandparents, from the households, will give the Spirit to our descendants, now and in the future.
The President of the West Jaintia Adventure and Cycling Association, Biangpor Shylla said that the purpose of the event is to get a healthy body, to promote tourism and to promote cleanliness.
“We are pleased that the work has now progressed,” said UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
In Sohra Sub Division, there are 130 candidates who have registered for the year 2018 and 679 candidates who have not been appointed.
It is learned that all the houses in the village were destroyed during the earthquake in 1897 but only this house, at that time, was not damaged at all but is still standing. even unto this day.
Only Jesus, the Son of God, can release that power of darkness.
The incident happened at 10.30 pm near Tekameta Hill in Gangaloor Police Station, when a joint team of the 85th and 222nd Battalion of the Gangaloor Police Station. The CRPF has launched a search operation in the area from Pusnar Camp, about 400 km from the state capital Raipur, a CRPF chief said. Three soldiers were injured when an IED exploded in the area, the army chief said.
The award for the most beautiful village went to the Dorbar Shnong Nongrim Hills, the second place went to Mawlai Iewrynghep followed by the Jail Road Welfare Committee.
The shortage of employment in the state, as announced on 12th July, 1972, is based on the population.
The starting point of the march will be from near Dr. Jomi's clinic to Secondary School Ground, Amlarem.
He said that the Government of Meghalaya has approved to demolish the illegal Coke Plants in the District according to the letter FOR 2/202/302 dated 4/7/2
“I hope that God will lead me forward, I believe that victory is my goal.
Meghalaya is in a strong group that includes Hyderabad, Mumbai, Baroda, Haryana, Chhattisgarh, Mizoram and Jammu and Kashmir.
Jordan Henderson scored in the 38th minute, Harry Kane in the 48th minute and Bukayo Saka in the 57th minute.
The party also urged Nalin Kohli that if he really has that responsibility for the welfare of the minorities of India, he should visit all parts of Meghalaya to see. They have seen with their own eyes how many areas have become where the indigenous people have become small paid and how their rights have been violated by other ethnic groups. Bangladesh, Nepal and other states of India.
Shillong, October 19: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has said that it wants to hold peace talks with the government.
On the defection of Congress MLAs to other parties, the Congress leaders from Ri Bhoi said that they are not afraid at all and there have been leaders who have left and these new leaders have the opportunity to work for the people according to the party's goal of working for the people.
“He said that there has never been a government that is willing to work like this government especially on many issues that the people know well.
Explaining about the peace and order, the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that so far there are two police stations from Meghalaya, which are located in the border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam, one Rani and the other. Mawroh Market, besides the Police Outpost at Patharkhmah.
Besides, the MDC also alleged that the scholarship is another issue which has not been resolved yet and urged the Minister to set up a committee to look into it. on this matter.
Bah Païa said that through this shad, they put their ainguh aidem to the Lord to bless them in the years to come.
The meeting also elected the office bearers of the association. Riban Lyngdoh from Pynursla was elected President, General Secretary Jropsing Nongkhlaw from Mawlong-Majai, Treasurer Jropsing Nongkhlaw from Mawlong-Majai. joining Dkhar.
New Zealand batsman Kane Williamson has also moved up to second among Test batsmen after failing to manage the entire match with his batting skills in the opposition. and Sri Lanka until the team won 2-0
Hospitality is T.8500 per month, housing fee is T.20,000 per month if you don't get a quarter from the government, medical fee is T.600 per month. per day, electricity bill T.5000 per month, petrol bill if you have a government vehicle is 250 liters per month and mobile phone 4 liters per month.
If other states which are only 10 or 15 years old have improved in all areas, why this state of ours? Now let us look at Jaintia Hills which is the area that produces many benefits for the government in the state.
According to police sources, the incident happened in October this year at Nongrim Forest in Nongshillong, and the husband of the woman was identified as Arful Kharbani is from Maw Dum Rambrai.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has been revived by those leaders who have been arrested and surrendered. About 500 youths from across Garo Hills have been sent to Nagaland and Burma for training.
Shillong: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Circle, Bah Edmund Khongnai, on Tuesday said that he is not against the erection of shiah signboards in the border areas of these areas. point.
During the inspection, the union found that almost all the shops do not have their licenses and some of them have not been renewed for years.
Babu Nonglait said Rijiju had told them that there are currently 38 languages ​​which the government is looking into to include in the Sixth Schedule.
The Niti Aayong has tasked the Quality Council of India (NABH) to review and approve the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for the ranking of District Hospitals across India.
The government, according to information received, said that it is still considering the matter before holding a meeting of political parties and other groups.
We take this rape of women as a very serious matter and we will lodge a complaint against these robbers,” said the union.
Muslims are wiser, more intelligent and more understanding than Christians.
When the wind blows, such things happen; There is a lack of electricity, the cut off of roads, roads and traffic, which has been going on for many months and this is in the villages and at such times, there are exploitation. The increase in the price of beverages, the increase in the price of vehicles, the increase in the price of electricity and these are the most common incidents.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by Bah L.Shabong from the Soil and Water Conservation Department.
Therefore, on the occasion of the Republic Day, let us reflect on the relationship between Hynniewtrep and India.
At the same time, he said the government's efforts to provide colleges especially for science is to encourage students to choose their education in science subjects.
If we think and ask carefully how sad it is for our country and nation.
Restingroy Sari tied for 31 runs from 26 balls while Ricky Stone Nongbet took four wickets in 3.1 overs for two runs and Pynshaitbor Girodh took two wickets for two runs. 7 runs from 3 overs.
We have met with Dr Jemino Mawthoh on many issues and we have continued to talk from time to time for the rights of the country and the nation.
Dineshan, Principal, JNV Mawphlang as the chief guest and Dr Engam Pame, Director, ROB Shillong, spoke on the importance of practicing Yoga every day.
In addition, if you give birth to one child after another without prolonging your pregnancy, the mother will suffer from blood loss.
The Word of God says-“Behold, the hand of the Lord is not shortened, that it cannot save: nor his ear heavy, that it cannot hear: But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear" Isaiah 59:1-2
Commemorating the birth anniversary of Mahatma K Gandhi, Kong Ampareen praised the great contribution of this great leader of the country and it is appropriate to hold this program on this day around the world. you country.
“We arrived at 7.30 pm and they said there was no place to sit inside,” said Ma Shiwat.
After they had eaten two pieces of bread, they drank the tea.
We should thank and worship only Him (not others) because He is the foundation or religion of the body and soul of man or woman while they are in this world.
Ram Madhav, General Secretary of the BJP, today said that those whose names are not on the full NRC list should lose their voter registration and should be expelled. sha the country you want; Meanwhile, Sarbananda Sonowal, Chief Minister of Assam, has suggested that the NRC should be implemented across the country.
Conrad K Sangma said the state has 1,17,216 Personal Protection Equipment (PPEs), 5,20,000 3-ply masks. and 1,16,826 N95 masks.
“As of now, it keeps us and many others in darkness because there are two commissions in the same case,” said Bah Sungoh.
“We have decided to suspend from 10th to 16th March not to hold any protest programs as part of honoring various religions which hold and celebrate their annual rituals,” he said. said Augustus.
Not only that, their demands include the border problem, the department in which the UDP minister is in charge, the railway, in which the home department is involved.
“He (Bah Prestone) is still cleaning up after issuing the Challan and those vehicles we seized do not have the Challan and for that reason they have been sent to Court,” he added.
The amount is to be deposited through Treasury Challan under the Head of Account “" within detailed estimates of revenues and receipts Vol-I, during 2018-19.
The past will be full of surprises to see now that people can earn and support themselves only through the media known as SOCIAL MEDIA. and in these days there has been a serious misuse of this platform SOCIAL MEDIA, the decline in the dignity of the Khasi and the increase in the lyngkar and rudeness to speak slowly even by the Khasi Facebook, YouTube and other platforms.
We also express our gratitude to the Prime Minister for introducing this initiative and see the need to open up opportunities for the youth especially the young football players.
He said that border settlement with only sentiments but no documents is futile.
After the discussion, the Advisory Committee met from 10 pm and then the meeting with the MDCs started from 11 pm to 2.30 pm.
Recently, when asked about the status of the bills sent by the council for 2019-2023, UDP MDC Jambor War said that the previous Executive Committee The UDP has already sent 13 bills.
Shillong, July 11: The struggle for the post of Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) between the two KHNAM MDCs, Adelbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw and James Ban Basaiawmoit MDC Mawkhar, has intensified. .
Although there is assistance from Meghalaya Age Ltd which is a company run by the state government but the idea and planning of this program is the responsibility of Da-Kti and we should be grateful to it. a group that has been able to bring joy for babies, children, youth, adults and even the elderly.
However, at the same time, the teachers reminded that the government will keep its promise to release 25 percent of the arrear which is the second or 2nd installment before the Teachers' Day. Shillong: The organizing committee of the Duet Dance Competition has decided to postpone the Online Audition through WhatsApp's. Number 8259967432/81319 34923/6033144187.
Small and heavy vehicles fly here every day and night too.
This is Jasmine Rymbai from Khmer Rouge.
Speaking at a public meeting in Rangshken today, u Bah Synshar said, “I don't need to blame anyone, but I will say what the people of Sohiong need me to do.
After the arrival of other companies, which are lower in price, Reliance has also reduced its price.
This also prevents young people from finding jobs.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday alleged that there has been corruption in the implementation of the Saubhagya scheme which was supposed to provide electricity to 1400 villages in the state. The whole of Meghalaya.
“I will open the Christmas celebration at Park Street on November 21,” she said.
In the Protestant Church era new year celebrations became an important part of worship and churches held special services, new year services and believers read from the Bible, sang praises God and preach the word of God.
Do the church leaders feel it is right to punish those who are guilty? At such a time, do the church leaders remember that they opposed before the legalization of prostitution?
“We want to give hope to the people as we implement our plans to promote economic development in the state,” he said.
The thyroid glands are the thyroid glands, which can stimulate the larynx.
Difficulties, trials of many kinds that affect life and make a person unable to rise up.
The army has now recaptured the city on the border with Syria, which was captured by ISIS militants on Sunday. They also seized an oil field east of Baiji, according to military spokesman Lt. General Qassim al-Moussawi.
In Ri Khasi Hills, the development of work and employment is still new and has not yet fallen into the blood vessels of the young, but it is a golden opportunity for other States of India because they They have been permanently employed and there have been other States of India because they have been permanently employed and there have been many Institutes providing such training.
He said that at present there are more than 10 villages in the Mawïamsyiem area, which have not received even a little assistance from the state government.
On Ardent's allegation that Sanbor owns a 7-storey house behind Sankardev College, Sanbor in a statement said that he does not own a house behind Sankardev College, except for one of his plots in Lawsohtun Block. II.U Bah Sanbor also acknowledged the allegation of Bah Ardent that he helps foreigners in the constituency and explained that as a leader of the people he cannot look down on anyone whether they are foreigners or owners. state but according to the law.
James said that on this day, the government has approved the Meghalaya Lokayukta Rule 2019, which has been approved by the Governor since
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday announced that the Election Commission of India (ECI) will conduct a new registration process for voters who have reached the age of 18 years. until
Dr SP Sen Gupta said that Dr Roberts prefers people to be treated in hospitals for complete recovery.
He also praised NEHU for providing services in education and research in the North East for 50 years.
Regarding this, the people of Nonglang Hima and the leaders of the Sengbhalang have to file a complaint in the Supreme Court.
Although the Ethanol Blending with Petrol (EBP) program has been implemented since 2003, the announcement of the National Biofuel Policy has been a step forward for the revival of the industry.
Shillong: Four organizations including the Khasi Students Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the Ri-Bhoi Youth Front (RBYF) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. The Sordar of Umwai, Tyngshain Wanwar, has been admitted to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
“These protesting teachers are appointed by the college authorities.
Only death can end the life and miracles of Jesus Christ.
The meeting between the District Administrators of Meghalaya and Assam was held through the Inter-State Border Coordination Committee. Bhoi, DC West Khasi Hills District and Kailash Kartik, DC Kamrup District (Rural) were also present. Hitesh Chandra Roy SP Kamrup District (Rural) and other senior government officials from Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that the union has also sent a letter to the Minister in charge AT Mondal that the government should think carefully on the closure of the quarries and quarries. “It's a good idea to have a young man in the state,” he added.
Earnest Mawrie, who is also the advisor to the Prime Minister, admitted that the Prime Minister is afraid because of the trust of Bernard from the people and that the Prime Minister may lose the South Tura election. .
Chandigarh: Passengers who came from Italy and landed in Amritsar in the past few days have been angry over the testing method for covid-19 in the city, as most of them have tested positive. The test was conducted at the airport in Amritsar.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of Tourism, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), Saleng Sangma, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, former Chief Secretaries of the State. , government officials, owners of various hotels and others.
“It is sad that the people of Assam get the shyiap from Meghalaya, while our people are just looking for milk,” said the Kharkutta MLA.
Even the BSF recently shot dead Roning Nongkynrih from Jalynteng, a truck driver, inside the village, near Mawshun.
He said that if the reservation policy is wrong, it will put problems in the roster system and we could lose 80 percent of the Khasi Jaintia, 40 percent of the Khasi Jaintia and 40 percent of the Garo. He said that if it can be amended, there should be no more differences and it should be a complete law to be shared by all.
They were handed over to the Dangar Police Station for further investigation.
However, they have been struggling to bring glory to the state.
Explaining on this, Amanda said that according to the Management Rules 2019 of the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE) of the Government of Meghalaya, St Edmund's College, which is the sponsoring body, does not have the right to establish. rules for teacher appointments.
Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra have decided to suspend the production of vehicles so that the demand for these products in the market will not decrease.
Those who cost only 1000/- (Thousand) tyngka per annum and therefore cost only 27.40 tyngka per day.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, the DGP said the meeting will also include the Minister of Home Affairs, the Chief Secretary and other government officials to discuss the issue.
Ajima Sangma topped the top 50 bowlers with nine wickets while Dutta topped the top 100 with seven wickets.
Congratulating the PWD Roads Department for taking the initiative since last year to prepare the DPR for the government, Bah Sanbor Shullai also congratulated the Minister of Home Affairs and the Minister of Home Affairs. Prestone Tynsong, PWD Roads Department and Chief Minister Conrad Sangma who received the funds for these projects.
“In the past, we have faced difficulties because the government has not kept its promises.
The team on Sunday secured the place to become the first team to qualify for the I-League after being relegated in the 2018-19 season.
Peter began to preach and stood up with the eleven.
Because this is a big step to start mining coal with the power of science.
Three of their batsmen scored half centuries including Nishanta Chakraborty (66 off 62 balls), Aman Kumar (65 off 141 balls) and captain Kevin Christopher (57 runs and counting). 90 balls).
Through this inspection, the KSU leaders also held a meeting at the ground floor of the school in the village and during the meeting, the KSU leaders had the opportunity to discuss. They also met with the village leaders as well as the residents of the village.
In 2014-15, the government lost revenue of T.600 crore while in 2016, the loss was T.775 crore due to the closure of the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
“Judge SR Sen today issued an order saying that the court has issued an order not to challenge the charges against the Chairman of the GNLA under the MPDA Act,” the newspaper said.
Speaking to media, Sunshine Makri said that he and the Forum UCPF have unanimously decided to nominate Sunshine Makri as an independent candidate in the election. Sunshine Makri has decided to contest the election from the area because he wants to bring skilled educational institutions for the youth of the area and other development projects. .
On the other hand, the residents of Dong Moopyniein have expressed their desire to have their own village for the purpose of promoting economic development, governance, peace and prosperity. Therefore, the residents of the village want to get a Dorbar Shnong.
As a society and as the citizens of Meghalaya, it is time for us to do something before it is too late even in this part of our country.
He also stressed the need to think carefully about the management of electricity distribution in Meghalaya.
All India Football Federation Secretary General Dr Shaji Prabhakaran was also present at the draw ceremony held at the Football House in New Delhi.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 14: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Kyrshai Area Unit (FKJGP) has demanded that the MDA government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, especially the incumbent MLA Bah RG Momin, should promote the post of MLA. Kyrshai Sub-Health Center is the Public Health Center (PHC).
Hanuman Kalamb, Construction Manager of ITC Cementation India Limited, said that the repair of the Damsite Bridge has started after receiving permission from the Meghalaya government. The bridge will last about 4 months.
“Any force that wants to play chess must go backwards, if you talk about a sword to shoot forward, if a bullet or a person wants to play chess, you have to go backwards. ".
They are Leaderson Amora and H. Gephrin Ryntong from Nongdaju, Lyngngam.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong in his speech said that roads are a blessing to the income, health, education and daily activities of the people. The Government has ensured that the development of the villages has reached all the villages.
"This is the statement of the Meghalaya High Court against the state government on Friday while hearing a petition filed by a resident named Champer M.Sangma against the State Government and others.
When he had finished cutting the pig, he took out the ksang and the ksang was full.
After a while, police found that the motorcycle was driven by an unidentified person at Mawlaidong, Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills.
In both these offices, there was no Chowkidar and it was found that the guards of the office were not on duty at the time of the incident. .
The Behdeinkhlam festival is held annually by the Sein Raij in Jowai and other Sein Raijs.
Therefore, please contact us at the above phone numbers if you have any questions.
Furthermore, leaflets issued by the office of the Labor Commissioner were also distributed to the visitors and the public who witnessed the programme.
Not only that, it was also announced that each Presbytery will hold its own celebration in connection with the 175th Anniversary of the Presbyterian Church in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
This situation in the state is due to the short-sightedness and lack of courage of the leaders.
Since then I have been silent.
He said there are 121 households whose houses are poor and 107 households whose houses are very poor.
This is the decision of the Baptist Church in Mizoram, Lunglei Bazar Veng, which has decided to bless these four children by paying money.
The dharna was led by Working President James S. Lyngdoh, Charles Pyngrope, Kennedy C. Khyriem, members of the Mahila Congress, Youth Congress and NSUI. you are a member of the party.
When Nair resisted, the robbers beat him and threatened him with threatening words, the police chief said, according to the complaint.
These and others who were allowed to be killed died, died, were poor, were miserable, were miserable and no one remembered them.
“Today, I have arrived in Tura, where I have already held a meeting to discuss the flood situation in Garo Hills especially in West Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills. Hill," said the Prime Minister.
My brother is 2 years old.
Speeches were also delivered by Aitilin Nadon, Teacher of Mawlai Christian, Deacon P.Jyrwa and Rangbah Mawsiatkhnam Shemphang Wahlang. They congratulated and expressed their gratitude to the MLA for these assistance and wished him victory in the 2023 elections.
In a letter to the Prime Minister sent on Friday night, the Lamphang has suggested many precautionary measures to help Meghalaya avoid the spread of the disease. These measures are to continue the curfew in the state until the end of this month.
Ban Kharnaior, leader of the union, strongly condemned the state government for being quick to spend T.2 crore to promote the Bollywood film Rock On but has not been able to meet the urgent needs of the people.
The suspect came to the scene on a motorcycle.
It is also suspected that the young woman was thrown into the truck or car or may have been thrown into the truck or car.
The inspection was led by Kyrshan Blah, President of MPUF East Jaintia Hills District, in the presence of MPUF J Phawa, MPUF Jalyah Unit President Youwansuk Rymbai and members, Waheh Shnong and Secretary of Borkhat Village. Kyrmen Swer and Jewellson Rymbai.
Dear Khasi, Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam, let us surprise people in this disease that we don't have to wait for the Dkhars from Assam, Bihar, Punjab and others, whether rice, jhur, shylliah,...This area of ​​ours is sufficient from all sides.
If the cow is greater than the man, we must stand against it and fight against it.
The price of selling the best is T.32 tyngka per kilo which means that there is no more expenditure of energy and money by the farmers.
Earlier, she said that she has been the General Secretary of Women since the time of Bah HM Shangpliang in the Congress and when he joined the TMC, she was confirmed as the General Secretary of Women's Affairs. by the General Secretary.
“Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away” Matthew 24:3
In the past 24 hours, 3,399 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 34,5
When inquired about the expulsion of the Magistrate, it is understood that he went to the area to inspect the gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) at Khanduli in Meghalaya.
He urged the EC to talk to the government again and clarify that cases between ethnic groups should be handled in the district council courts to strengthen the jurisdiction of the district council.
The NHAI vehicles include a heavy vehicle (AS-01-DD-7473) and a Mahindra Bolero (AS). -01-HC-8010, in which there were two persons in one vehicle.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: A Border Security Force (BSF) soldier from Meghalaya has died on Tuesday.
During these years, under the leadership of this special servant of God, Youth Churches such as the Lumshnong Presbyterian Youth Church have released their first album of songs entitled “Ri Kanan”.
Dasmur The village of Boom and Bhuri, The Chad Behdieñkhlam religion is accepted, The house is clean and clean.
Karnataka needed only 7.3 overs to reach the target without losing a wicket.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw urged the people of North Shillong Constituency to vote for Bah Ransom Sutnga so that the NPP can win a majority victory in
In a way, Prime Minister Duh said, this allows to see the country’s multiplicity of diversity.
On the first day, Israeli troops also attacked the Jenin Refugee Camp in the West Bank where Israeli troops also fired rockets and killed eight Israeli soldiers. life and many were seriously injured in the incident.
Therefore, I urge you the people to give your full support at this juncture and as I am not the person who has to appoint Agent or Leader, but if the people themselves need I am ready to work. together, he added.
The Non-NFSA ration will be distributed at the rate of 7.215 kilo per household at the price set by the Vigilance Committee and shall not exceed 14 tyngka per kilo for urban and rural areas.
However, the Congress candidate will be able to express the concerns of the people and will be able to make a name for himself in the constituency.
When it is urgent, it means that the CEM only after being elected to the Council, can go to the office of the CEM and start his work, which we all CEMs including the CEM. The current Dy.CM who was elected CEM in 2004 does not; and the first task is to send the list of MDCs who should be appointed by the Governor to be Executive Members in accordance with Rule 20 (1) above.
Your suggestions will help us to improve and expand our efforts so that we can truly bring about an inclusive society.
He said that the union has received many complaints from the passengers of Saw Government buses about the rudeness of the bus drivers and passengers especially in Shillong. There are also those who have been injured but they have been in a hurry to drive improperly. These bus drivers have been trying to drive ahead of the bus drivers. residents who are a threat to the passing public only their struggle for income.
Kenal Dkhar scored the first goal for Saiñdur Mihmyntdu in the 68th minute.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Information and Public Relations, Kong M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, today held a meeting with the Ministries of Arts and Culture, Information and Public Relations and Tourism to discuss the issue. Commander and Nicholas were selected to attend the festival.
After the visit, there will be another meeting with the stakeholders and the necessary confirmation will be sent to the state government regarding the villages in the Langpih area.
The second comes from the emotion that works through the heart.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM), TWS, Shillong College and the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (AIDS Control Society) have jointly organized the Inter-College Arm Wrestling Championship The meeting will be held on the 22nd of November, from 8:30 pm at Shillong College.
As the leaders have left the party, will the people also leave or will they remain with the Congress?
It violates the essence of free and fair elections.
I telephoned the Officer Incharge, he didn't answer the phone even though it rang and at 7 pm when I went to the Police Station to investigate.
Regarding the existence of these tax collection points, the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, will send a letter to the District Authorities of Hamren District, West Karbi Anglong, requesting them not to allow these tax collection points. to set up these Khrong Khajna areas, especially in such areas, which is still under the border dispute.
We will show the people that this is not a political issue that affects the people,” said Bah Mawthoh.
“The spread of drugs in Nongstoiñ in recent years has increased and when we go outside many people say that the spread of drugs has increased.
Speaking to media after the inspection, the CEM said that the Council had initially scheduled to hold the festival on the 14th, 15th and 16th of November but they had to cancel. review again after they saw that day the preparation.
Because it was also seen that the thief had stolen all that he had received at that time.
Other speakers who gave explanations to the farmers of four villages namely Shaid Shaid Umoid, Diwah Shaidmoit, Pyndendiwah & Mawpon Myrkhew on how they can improve their business whether it is in the field Dr. W. Lyting, District Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, Vanessa Khyriem, Program Managers, Fishery Department, K. Nongrum, Branch Manager , Meghalaya Rural Bank Mawkyrwat, to the Minister of Village Affairs, Mr. Kranly Wahlang.
Out of the seven MDC constituencies, Mairang was one of the first to receive votes from the BJP.
Since the independence of Meghalaya, no government has ever maintained the D.A/D.R of government employees & pensioners. D.A/D.R – that is, one from July to December, 2021 and another from January to June,
The marathon started from Lad College KNGC, proceeded from Ladthadlaboh – Newhill – Iawmusiang – Lad pohskur – Iongpiah – Panaliar – Old Civil Hospital – Le Kyrnah and ended at Kiang Nangbah Monument. Gold).
On the other hand, the LCDC has requested the brothers and sisters to come only two from each household.
Furthermore, Justice BP Katakey (Retired) on July 30, 2023 has submitted his 15th report on coal issues.
These trees, which cost up to 2 lakh tyngka per shitrok according to the government price, include the Makri Sal and Kseh trees and if sold in the market, they will cost up to 6 lakh tyngka.
The Padmashree Award winner, Kong Trinity Saiookum, the chief guest, gave her words of advice and encouragement to the members of the ABVP while Hamarsing L.Kharhmar, in her speech, reminded the members of the ABVP about the many words of the party. says “Knowledge-Character-Unity”.
He said the purpose of the UCC is to apply the same law to all Indians and therefore we should strongly oppose and demand that the law should be amended.
“They are not the Congress but they think that the BJP which is in power in Delhi will be in power in this state as well,” he said.
In order to enrich the new scheme, the Shillong Press Club has handed over to the faculty of the Riti Academy for the purpose of writing books related to the media.
Ardhendu Choudhury has done many brave deeds here in Khasi Hills or in 19 south Shillong. Constituency? Until he got his name in the land even in Khasiland.
HUCC lost five wickets and left three balls for the loss of 149 runs.
Speaking at the public meeting, Purno said that the peace and order in the constituency is no longer there, as the signs were seen only on the market day. People have to close their shops as soon as 4 pm and the people have to go home and complete their needs within 4 pm.
The driver of the Swift Desire, Samuel Mawlong, was killed by the robbers and the vehicle was stolen, he said.
At the meeting, it was expressed that the number of participants who have already registered online is about 3000, while last year there were only 300 participants.
The injured included Jadav Das, an inspector and Aftab Hussain, a policeman.
Kong Nongbri said that the Response System is very important because it can act immediately on any incident and to put it in a strong position to ensure that it will not only help itself but also to help others. only others too.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Ampareen said that at the All Party Meeting held in the past few days, the government has expressed many measures to curb the spread of the disease but when thou seekest the truth, thou shalt not find it.
After the completion of the construction of the Motphran, it will change its appearance and besides coming and going, it will also make it easier for the people who walk and stand in this area, said Bah Basaiawmoit.
“It is surprising that the government has not conducted a proper investigation into this matter because it has not conducted an investigation from the people who complained against him and also from the people of Mawsynram area but just asks for an answer. They also admitted that his VRS application in the past few days shows that he has a real intention to contest the elections as he used to distribute schemes. to the people of Mawsynram area for misusing his powers as a government officer.
Chief of Army Staff Abbas Ibrahim said the weapons were seized from a ship a few years ago and destroyed by the army.
With this victory, the UDP now has 12 legislators in the state assembly.
“The Peace Committee will take measures to restore peace and order and also to monitor the situation in this village so that this will not happen again,” said the Circle Officer of Boko Revenue Circle. Brothel Day.
They said that they also support the people who are protesting to demand the eviction of the metor drivers from the Iewmawlong area and strongly condemn the violence of the metor drivers.
Lamphrang Lawriniang, Komannes Shabong, Arnestar Lawriniang and Kishanstar Kurbah took two wickets each.
The accounting for this is through the availability of adequate roads, communication towers and other facilities of educational institutions such as school buildings and others.
In terms of section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, the punishment under this Act is for disobedience to the orders of the Government. with a fine or both.
Speaking to JYF leaders OL Tariang, John Pala and others, the Joint Director said that the government has taken steps to provide admission to the children who have not been admitted in Jowai.
The JSU leader said that the Prime Minister has said that he will take action on these demands of the JSU and will inform his fellow Ministers during the Cabinet meeting.
Samla Comingstar said that NEHUSU has demanded to set up a training center for ST students, as they have decided to do for SC students, to help them. students to prepare for this examination.
The days, the months, and the months passed.
It is also necessary to know and hear from others how we can move forward and address these challenges by introducing new measures to improve the way we work.
He said that this was done by the Karbi people who were hiding in the forests opposite the farmland of the residents of Lapangap.
“If we talk about the State Reservation Policy, we have to look at Article 16 of the Constitution which mentions the reservation in jobs but if it is the special reservation in education it is included in the Article 16 of the Constitution. Article 46 which means that each and every one has a difference therefore this special section in education should be abolished,” he added.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 26: The Commissioner (Excise) of Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat has announced that the 29th October, 2024 will be the Excise Day in the whole of Mawkyrwat as part of the celebration of on “Good Friday”.
Dr Mukul said it was time for them to congratulate the BJP but because of the power struggle they did not dare.
When trying to find out the reason for the lack of tourists in Nongkhnum, it was found that the tourists who visit the area are tired, just because most of the roads leading to the dew lynnong Nongkhnum are bad. The visitors to the Dew Lynnong were welcomed by the roads which were very clean.
The football tournament was inaugurated by J. Mairom, Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat as the chief guest. Ampli Rupsi Secretary Shnong who is also the Secretary of the Club, the invited guests, leaders and members of the Club.
The father of the victim lodged a complaint that on the 16th of this month, two youths and a woman carrying weapons with Kanshi and others broke into the office (Orion). Edutech in Iawmusiang) his daughter, Baiamon Dhar of Nartiang and they cut off her hair and shot and bombed her.
(iii) Luke 15:11-32 The Bible of two sinners, one open sinner and the other secret sinner.
The program also offers a variety of educational opportunities as well as employment training programmes.
The area of ​​these 9 villages also expressed their anger that MeECL does not take care of their children during the examinations, while the electricity bill is paid every month.
So she went to the Myntdu River.
They said that today in collaboration with the BSF, the BSF has arrested three Bangladeshis while they were stealing timber and also seized the timber and knives.
The union has also informed the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Minister of Education Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in this regard through e-mail so that they can take the steps to make it easier for students.
Shillong: Congress MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “I have already convened two meetings, one at Laitumkhrah and one at Malki. The meeting was attended by the leaders of the villages and government departments. They said that it is sad to know that now they have to pay for the stay in Corona. Care, you have to pay for accommodation and test fees and many of the households in my constituency cannot afford to pay.
d) Shopkeepers shall keep a register and a lock.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has received four or five complaints regarding the land dispute between Khasi and Dkhar in Iewmawlong.
He said that he has already sought reports from various government departments involved in this matter and soon it will be completed as planned as the government is taking this matter very seriously.
The speakers also slammed the MLA/MDC of Mawshynrut, Bah Gigur Myrthong, saying that instead of bringing good jobs, he is trying to spread the lyer bih in the area. .
It is worth mentioning that Bah Bring was also the Prime Minister to lead the Khleh Khawlang Government in which other states in India and even the Central Government have accepted this leadership of Bah Bring.
Shillong: A woman named Aibullin Mylliem, resident of Kut Village, Mawryngkneng, has accused the Sordar of Kut Village, Chesterwell Sohtun and two of his friends. Pynshailang Lawai and Shran Sohtun burnt down her house.
The most important thing to reach a conclusion on the border is to have some grounds for agreement between the two Governments of Meghalaya and Assam, otherwise it will not be possible to resolve this issue. it has been there for 50 years.
Ri Bhoi Police are conducting an investigation into the incident and will take legal action against the scooty driver who went to collide with the missing youth. He was arrested on Wednesday morning, according to a source from the Ri Bhoi Police.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said, “We will meet again to discuss the reopening of schools, especially for Class 11 and Class 12 in the coming months”. .
Speaking on the development activities, Anna Roy, Mission Director, WEP, said, “These schemes show how to promote women in the employment sector, by coordinating with the The Central Government's goal is to achieve equality in employment and income through development projects.
She said the reason why the people want change is that the government led by Conrad K Sangma has left only corruption in various schemes.
In a meeting with the SP, he said that police have sent an inquiry into their complaint.
The District Magistrate, Nongstoiñ, under Section 144 CrPC, has issued an order ban ban the burning of rnga, burning of forest and trafficking in rnga in the entire Mawlangsu area.
Shillong, Nailar 30: U Peitngor Cable News (PCN) will screen a documentary film titled 'Full Circle' entitled 'The Life of EN Shullai' on Sunday. 01.09.2013) at 9 pm through PCN, this film was produced by WVC Studios, Jaiaw Pdeng.
Doctors who attended the event included Dr. L Rynjah from Laban Dispensary, Dr. BR Garod from Lumparing UPHC, Dr. K. Nongbri (Pediatrics) from Children's Hospital, Dr. A. Dkhar (ENT). ) from Robert Hospital, Dr. T. Syngkon and Dr. A. Lyngdoh (Dentist) from Titanium Dental Health Care and ophthalmologists from Bansara Eye Clinic.
Other candidates who do not need to file their nomination papers include former MLA and NPP candidate, Bah Samlin Malngiang, Congress candidate u S Osborne Kharjana, Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP, Seraph Eric Kharbuki of the BJP and Stodingstar Thabah of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
However, they have no intention of buying books worth hundreds of dollars.
Earlier, the President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle C.Rymbai, said that the Association has requested the State Government to allocate more funds in the budget for SSA schools in the current Financial Year. He said that this request is because every time, teachers have to take to the streets to demand their salaries. they.
Mawshynrut MLA and National People's Party (NPP) candidate, Bah Gigur Myrthong, on Tuesday visited Nongtrai area of ​​Mawshynrut Constituency to campaign for the election. .
Britain has pledged to send 6.5 billion pounds (or about $ 8.1 billion) as part of its support for Ukraine at a time when Ukraine is facing many challenges. Russia's invasion of the country and that it will be able to recover from its losses and that it will be able to recover in terms of its income at this time.
The deadline for receipt of applications is November 17,
Two dumper trucks of the ARSS company were set on fire by unidentified robbers in Tura town, West Garo Hills on Tuesday morning.
Regarding the demand of the JSU, the company officials agreed and said that they have sent to the higher authorities of the company to take the necessary action.
Most importantly, eating this jhur will help you to get rid of fever and headache which are very common during the rainy season.
The three-member delegation also met with the members of the Executive Committee of KHADC including the CEM of the Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and other EMs. Pathaw also led the delegation to visit the Council Building which houses the Executive, Legislative and Judicial.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri has decided at this meeting that all shops in Phudmuri should be closed for 3 hours from 12 noon to 3 pm to honor the funeral of the deceased. Rangbah and also decided that the people of Phudmuri should hold a flag on the day of his funeral to express their sorrow and grief over the loss of him.
On what basis they will be punished.
Because under the ILP, a foreigner or foreigner must apply for a permit before entering the state.
There is a lot of traffic especially when carrying sick people who find it difficult to pass through this road.
Pius is a young candidate who has no husband, has T.50,000 in cash, has three bank accounts with SBI Shillong, two LICs and three accounts with South Indian Bank. , he has bank accounts with Syndicate Bank, United Bank of India, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and two accounts with MCAB Mawkyrwat.
When it comes to religions or churches, they also do politics, because they go to ask for help from any leader and to the government to improve the roads, streets, drinking water in the places of worship. prayer.
Similarly, in temples, mosques, gurudwaras and other places of worship, people should keep a distance of 5 feet from each other.
To address this issue, the Dorbar Shnong Lumdaitkhla today held a meeting to explain to the people on the proposal to introduce Solid Waste Management in the village. Until now, the village has had to dump the garbage from the market and the temporary village at Madan Kurkalang due to the lack of a scientific method.
Ah who would have thought to be responsible for this.
Therefore, the sale of synsar at the Mahalaxmi Saras 2023 exhibition in Mumbai from 8th to 19th October 2023, is a sign that the farmers from Meghalaya are selling synsar. synsar is the largest producer in India.
“For several months there was a desire of some MDCs to leave the UDA due to disagreements with the leadership but after the decision of the High Level Committee of the party, this withdrawal has stopped.
The Minister said that the athletes who will participate in the Meghalaya Games will have to undergo a Doping Test to ensure that the athletes should not use any alcoholic beverages.
Indeed, these make the people comfortable when they are in a hurry and that is why many people like to eat these foods.
It is obvious that this change in the age of the children has caused confusion among the authorities and also to rearrange the sports programmes.
Police from East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills have raided the house of Bah Cherist, at Kynton Massar, at 3 pm this morning, to investigate the bomb blast. many places in the past few days.
The political situation in Meghalaya has deteriorated dramatically after 12 Ïarmangkalai members did not want to stay in the party but overnight they decided to join the party. the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
It is to be recalled that Bah Sniawbhalang, while inaugurating the Jubilee Celebration of the WJDSA on 23rd June, promised to allocate T.25 crore for the improvement of the stadium.
In place of Bamaniya, the government has appointed the current Commandant of the 2nd MLP Battalion, Bruno A Sangma, MPS. Aswaghosh, IPS appointed as Commandant of 2nd MLP Battalion.
Shillong: The artificial turf of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) at the Polo Ground in Shillong has shown signs of deterioration. excessive use of liam.
JOWAI: A group of youths from East Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of CB Lamare have come out to clean the road leading to the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District.
All the benefits have not been provided to the contractors, said Lamsakhiat Pariat and added that even the food for the students has not been provided.
The closing ceremony was attended by Samla Ferdynald K. Kharkamni, President of North Khasi Hills District as the Chief Guest, Sama James Hitler Mawphniang, General Secretary of KSU Ri Bhoi District and his family members. Sharpingwel Lyngdoh with leaders and members of KSU NKHD and others.
Furthermore, a large number of police personnel were deployed inside the office of the Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi District to prevent the entry of members of the Sengbhalang into the office.
If the toll plaza cannot be completed within these days, they will take other measures by closing the toll plaza and lodging a complaint against the NHAI. NHAI has reached the Meghalaya High Court to improve the road, but the NHAI has been blind to the construction of the road.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KWHA) has increased the price of beef to T.320 per kilo.
Shillong: Four Congress MLAs today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to offer their right hand and left hand to work together to resolve the issues. of residents in the state.
In another match, East Garo Hills DCA beat North Garo Hills DCA by 19 runs in the match from Zone
Because children are not afraid of their mother, but they are more afraid of their father.
Because as we have seen, Russia has been trying to destroy and damage Ukraine's power plants since the beginning of the war and during the whole war, so that Ukraine can not to meet its needs in the event of a power line failure.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The arrest of a driver of a commercial vehicle under the Attempted Murder Act (307 IPC) for colliding with the vehicle of the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has been arrested. said the MDC of Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
These three stones teach us the importance of working together to obtain food.
In place of Bah Dopth, Bah E.Kharmalki, IAS, has been appointed as Secretary to the Govt.
As a result, many children who are able to go to school, have forgotten their own Khasi thought and this has created differences between paradoh parasnam.
Nongstoiñ, July 18: A few months ago, he told the media that he will not contest any more ticket or contest elections, but the task he should do is to strengthen the HSPDP party which is also the party. The party founded by (L) Maieit Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, the party which also won him in the 2016 bye elections.
These stones will be erected on the 15th of June to commemorate the 33rd Lympung of the Sengkhihlang at Tyrsad Village.
The Republic Day Run was inaugurated by DSO Khroobok Passah in the presence of WJDSA Vice President Patrick Lamare.
These cards and coins belong to Banrilangki Sutnga of Jowai.
When asked whether it is a stingy subject of the school as stated by the leaders who said that it is only an optional subject, the Principal of St. Margareth said that it is not a subject. Compulsory or Optional, and does not include in the examination of children, but is taken only in internal examinations because the school has to teach the children to know.
But the mother didn't say anything else.
There are many consequences and dangers that could happen to India as a whole if the secret plan of the BJP government in Delhi through this bill comes true in the coming years.
"When they adjust the masks, they touch their own faces and this allows the spread of the disease," Modi said.
He said the union will wait for the deadline to see if the government will respond to them and if it does or not, they will hold a meeting to discuss the matter.
“Of course, there is a misunderstanding that after 2026 SSA teachers will be unemployed but it is not so because after 2026 the Central Government will decide how successful the SSA project is in Meghalaya. “How many years will the state be able to reach the goal of achieving some of the goals of the SSA,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Ribhoi District will hold a mass protest on the 22nd of this month against the government's plan to set up a casino in the state.
And this river Euphrates is spoken of by the Word of God from Genesis to Revelation.
The Single Window Agency is the Investment Meghalaya Authority (IMA).
Marbhah Dhar scored the second goal (80', 85') and Masan War scored the second goal (90'+1).
He said that the exhibits in the museums are strong, because they remind and revive the patriotism of these children of the Jewish people in Israel.
Traffic jam is the main cause of this inconvenience and delay in coming and going here in Shillong.
Shillong: The Congress party in Assam on Saturday continued to oppose the decision of the Assam government to approve the allocation and acquisition of land to end the border dispute with Meghalaya. submitted to the State Legislative Assembly.
The statement said that the Association has taken these measures to express its condolences on the killing of this man, because if you take more severe measures it will affect the services to the people.
The first match of the quarter final was between NONGJRI YOUTH RISING FC and NONGJRI YOUTH RISING FC at UUP SC GROUND URKSEW. NONGJRI Youth Rising FC beat NONGJRI Youth Rising FC by tiebreaker.
There are now soybean storage facilities in India where the temperature is raised to 40 degrees.
I am deeply pained to inform that six brave jawans of @assampolice have sacrificed their lives while defending constitutional boundary of our state at the Assam-Mizoram border.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KAS President Dr DRL Nonglait said that the march was to raise awareness among the public on the importance of the mother tongue.
They were welcomed by the TMC candidate from Rongjeng constituency, Sengnam M Marak, in the presence of the former MLA of the constituency, who has also served twice as MLA of the constituency. Desang Sangma, covener of the TMC in East Garo Hills district, Anderson A Sangma.
The solution to this lies in the provision of a single farmer organization system within a Government-sponsored group that farmers can trust and follow.
time) Chesterpaul Lyngdoh received a red card from the referee after receiving his second yellow card of the match, but this did not affect the team of Ryntih SC to move forward. with three points from this match.
Of these four matches, Meghalaya will play three at home against Mizoram, Nagaland on 24th November and Manipur on 15th November.
It was difficult to win against men because they were stronger and stronger.
The owner of Heera Mandi also feels that Bollywood has declined over the years due to the treatment of films which has started to attract the audience to watch films.
However, it is regrettable that as a State or Tribal State we have not been able to fight and advocate for the release of Father Stan from prison.
Speaking to reporters, Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in the state, said, “These incidents have happened one after another in the state since the floods. The ISBT building, the collapse of the Mawlai By Pass and now the collapse of the Dome have put the state in a state of shock and sorrow.
The CBI police climbed the roof of Chidambaram's room and arrested him.
: E.16/5/2017/84, dated 25August 2017.
“This enlistment opens the door for the youth of Meghalaya for a bright future in the army,” said Kumar.
He said he fled the Congress because the Congress leaders did not treat them as human beings when they went to Delhi to beg for help. Mukul regarding the coal mining industry alone.
It is not enough to be satisfied with the goods of today, but we should not be overwhelmed by the new goods of today and the goods that are given by nature or made by artisans. you're old.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Monday handed over the land to the Tourism Department of the Meghalaya Government at Shillong Peak to launch the project. Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K Sangma said, “Tourism is one of the most important sectors in the state as it boosts income and employment opportunities in the rural areas.
The leader of the party kept T.200/- and gave more than T.3800/- to the owner of the vehicle.
These athletes will have to complete their final assessment camp on the 19th and 20th of July at SAI STC Shillong.
Romans 13:1 Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers.
The reason why Kong Beauty has expressed her support for Bah HDR is because she sees that the country needs intelligent leaders who will look after and carry for the sake of the country. The present leaders have sold their country and that is why Assam has attacked.
Members of the NPP-Shnat Dangar also submitted a memorandum to improve the Dangar PHC and at the same time to upgrade it to a Community Health Center (CHC).
It affects not only the minds of adults but also the minds of children.
Shakti Avasthy, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police, Noida, said the incident occurred after a woman lodged a complaint at the Sector 20 police station in April. of the year
Shillong, Nazareth 19: The employees of Nazareth Hospital Shillong today protested against their union (NHWU) at a meeting held at Bethany Society Complex, Shillong.
Three people, including a woman and two children, were injured in a road accident on Friday evening.
The six Congress MDCs will now join hands with the 12 NPP MDCs to form a new Executive Committee in KHADC. The newly formed group will be called the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF).
Meanwhile, Madanryting scored through Warren Mawlong and went home empty-handed.
He was handed over to the Umkiang Police Patrol Post.
The presence of special subjects will save the nation, which is the head of the days, the storms and the earthquakes come and go, the narsaw continue to spread through this nation.
He said that although it is not yet clear, Amit Shah will come at least at the end of this month or in the first month of November.
Bah SD Nichols Roy, Bah SP Swer ex-MLAs who passed away and I because I was an MDC at that time, we opposed this proposal on this ground according to the Article Bah Joy and we got the vote. support all those who attend the meeting.
Politics is not dirty games, but it is the person who is dirty, the person who does not respect his fellow man and does not fear God.
Little Flower HSS Ummulong beat Govt Public School 3-0 and in the Under-14 Boys category, Lumpyrtuh SS beat Lumpyrtuh SS 3-0 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
It can be planted at any time of the year and when the soil has enough water.
Shillong: Ka NEHUSU, has expressed its anger over the incident which happened on Monday night inside Hostel No.
Similarly, the bottom four Super League teams of West Indies, Sri Lanka, Ireland, Zimbabwe and the Netherlands will join the top three League 2 teams of Scotland, Oman and Nepal. The finalists of the play-offs, the United States and the UAE, will take part in the tournament to be held in Zimbabwe.
The union urges MeECL and the power minister to ensure that all those who have passed receive their appointment letters while the list is still alive.
The court of Justice Chandrachud also asked the Indian government on the two prices for the same vaccine. “Why don't you follow the rules of the national immunization programme? Also, will the covid vaccination continue after 1st June? ong the court.
When asked why it took so long to appoint MDCs in GHADC and KHADC, Mukul said the government does not want to rush to appoint MDCs but will do so quickly.
Shillong, June 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Friday demanded that the State Government should immediately remove the Nepalis who have settled in Nongmynsong, Shillong.
Dr. Awadhesh Kumar, I/C MeghaTop Cement Private Ltd, Wahiajer Narpuh, Meghalaya was the chief guest on the occasion.
The BJP has strongly criticized Congress President Rahul Gandhi for coming to Shillong wearing a jacket worth Rs 70,0
On the other hand, the Medical Superintendent expressed many shortcomings that the hospital is facing, from the shortage of Doctors, Nurses, Grade IV staff and others.
Price 25,00,000/- (Twenty thousand lakh).
But this was only temporary.
The Free Coaching was launched by the Jowai Legislator last year exclusively for Class 10 students who have been affected by COVID-19 and who are taking the SSLC-2023 examination in two subjects. Science and Mathematics.
A clean and safe environment brings people’s health.
Bareh handed over this to the Khasi Students Union (KSU) whose members went to the restaurant to say that they should not play with life or death.
The KSU also said that the date of issuance of admit cards from the date of examination is only a few days, even for those who can afford to spend on travel and accommodation. because of the shortness of time.
He also expressed his deep sorrow and surprise to the authorities in charge of the illegal logging factories, for their lack of action against these illegal logging factories. “They have been growing and can implement easily without any interference from the relevant authorities,” said Bah Amberlight Masharing.
Earlier, the JSU and the Thangskai Dorbar Shnong had sent a letter to Kong Amapreen Lyngdoh demanding the deletion of the name of one of the foreigners who allegedly misused the syrnot village to study MBBS from the state quota.
We even collect and store what we cannot use properly.
The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) of Sutnga District on Saturday decided to demolish all 34 Coke Factories or coal mining factories allegedly illegally built in the District.
The CEO directed the EE of PWD to expedite the maintenance of the strong room and ensure that it is safe.
Akash Kumar Choudhury, Anish Charak, Arien B Sangma, Aryan Borah, Chengkam Sangma, Dippu Sangma, Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva, Kishan Lyngdoh (Captain) , Pringsang Sangma, Ram Gurung, Riboklang Hynniewta, Raj Biswa, Sanvert Kurkalang, Swarajeet Das, Yogesh TiwariStandbys: Rounak Nongrum, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Bijon Dey, Himan C Phukan, Manish K Rai, Lerry G SangmaSupport staff: Goutam Shome (head coach) , Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Vikash S Chauhan (trainer), Surojit Biswas (physio), Dister Marbaniang (manager).
In Pool B, Phramer CC, Lion Sports & Youth Affairs, Mupliang CC, NEAU Cricket Club and Cultural Youth Club Mowkaiaw.
Later came the Niewshong Marshra, the Pahshong Puwein, the Liarksan Sohphoh, the Monpah Marshra, the Laipyrdi Puwein and the Marshra Pharmuit. who are still alive today, except for Niawni Puwein who passed away in
Years passed and they decided to get married and then Sunil went to meet Sonam's father.
The court allowed the police to remand him for three days for further investigation.
He said that after discussion, the Presbytery decided to split and write to the Synod to do whatever is necessary.
Because if you sow, it will be right and it will be harvested at the right time.
Therefore, from primary schools to universities, they should be truly shlem saiñdur and promote free and inquiring thinking.
The meeting will be held at the Indoor Hall, Chutwakhu, Jowai at 4 pm.
He also invited all the people to attend this ceremony for the blessings, health, prosperity, prosperity, increase in income, education and blessings to all. sides.
When asked, Priyanka replied, “Dono ke beech mei! Bechara hug karta hai mummy ko!" or what he does in a more appropriate way is that he kisses his own wife.
The bamja plate, the smuk tyndong and the star were near the body.
Even larger colleges will struggle to provide this multi-disciplinary education due to the lack of classrooms and other factors.
We have elected leaders to listen and feel the suffering of the majority and for these leaders to advocate and make laws in the right places for which they were elected,” he said. Mr. Marwein.
The new Executive Committee of KHADC will strengthen the Information Technology (IT) department in its working methods especially to expedite the issuance of Utilization Certificates and other related requirements. and the implementation of projects from the Central Government such as Tied and Untied Grants.
The President of the Association, Jagir M Sangma, said they are ready to stage a protest if the government fails to pay within 15 days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Inspector General of Police (IGP) GHP Raju has accused members of the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) of being involved in causing trouble during the rally of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep. (SNSBH) on 5th November, has strongly condemned the HYC.
In the first leg of the second leg, Mookaswan Dongwah beat Pasyih Cultural FC 1-0 in the 66th minute.
At the same time, the counting of votes will start from 8 pm on the 2nd of October.
When asked whether they have been selling Sohtrun for 10 years or not, they said that they have been selling Sohtrun for only 2 years a year. while during the time when Sohtrun does not grow, they sell other types of Soh such as sohniamtra and others.
Police have registered a case under Section 153 (a) 505(2)/500 of the Indian Penal Code against the twitter account of the LRO. “It's a name of religion and it's a name for the KSU and religions,” he said.
Regarding the services provided under the Employees' State Insurance Scheme of India (ESIC) according to the current era and this will continue in all parts of the country, he said.
This meeting to be held on the 22nd was prepared 2/3 years ago, this is not the struggle of KAS but the struggle of many groups from religious organizations, NGOs and all the children of the country. u ninewtrep.
Participants must bring their original birth certificates.
The border settlement talks between the two Chief Ministers of #AssamMeghalaya held on Thursday in Guwahati have decided to settle 6 out of 12 areas.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26 : The Nazareth Hospital Workers Union (NHWU) strongly condemns the robbery of the employees of the Nazareth Hospital, Shillong. Civil Hospital, Shillong and to disrupt the work of the staff of the hospital by stirring up trouble inside the hospital on
The debate on education in Gujarat has been heated during the Assembly elections in the past few months, prompting the media to express their concerns. Government officials at the time confirmed that the implementation of education in Gujarat was excellent.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Devan Warjri and Bah Phrangsngi Kylla, said that the reason why they met with MePDCL officers was after receiving information about the The electricity bill has increased suddenly for many households in Umsning area, as according to the survey, some households have reached more than 5 lakh electricity bill in just a few months.
He said that the first problem is the salary of the teachers, the second is the improvement of the school building. He said that they have decided to start the Secondary School in
Rice will be Arsenal's third signing this season, as they look to win this season, finishing top of the table.
“We need the cooperation of the police in the investigation,” said the director.
During the march, the residents did not meet the DC, as he was not present today, but they met with the Additional Commissioner, Bah SS Syiemlieh and others. They wanted to get a holiday on Behdeinkhlam.
Calling for the cooperation of all to achieve the goal in the fight against tobacco produced in the country, the police officer said that the police department which enforces the rules against those who commit crimes and violate the law , has collected a fine of T.6,17,930 in East Khasi Hills district alone from 2022 to June,
Prison is for drug dealers who have become rich by smuggling others.
On this occasion, the seeds were distributed to several selected farmers and the names of the seeds are Dendrocalamus Giganteus and Dendrocalamus Asper.
Titoss also expressed his special congratulations to all the students who received this award and wished them success in the future.
People prefer to buy one with many keys because it can be used by 3 or 4 people.
Nagaland Governor RV Ravi will meet various groups in Kohima on the 18th of this month to discuss the issue of social peace between the Indian government and the NSCN. LIVE).
The purpose of the speed breaker is to prevent the speeding of vehicles, especially those driving two wheelers which endanger the traffic of the pedestrians.
“We respect the contribution of other non-Khsi communities who have contributed greatly to the State and they need protection and the party will ensure that their welfare and welfare will be protected. at the same time we have to protect the State from illegal immigrants.
The Minister also mentioned the role of Technology and Innovation in preparing various programs under the NRM. which aims to protect water sources, forests from destruction in communities.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 16: Due to the increasing power outages in West Khasi Hills, the office of the Meghalaya Energy Power Distribution Corporation Limited (WEDC) has appealed to the consumers in the district to stay temporarily. to explain that the power outage is not only in the morning but also in the evening.
Jambor said that in fact the cows were smuggled from Khanapara market to sell in the state but it is not known what is behind this that the cows from the state have reached Bangladesh.
He said that the presence of bridges has benefited from the connectivity of the villages, the unity and most importantly, they have brought blessings in terms of income to the residents. tourism industry.
He said that the inability of non-tribals to contest elections from the three constituencies is due to the fact that there is a law that says that all residents of Lum Garo who have lived for more than 12 years in Garo Hills they cannot take part in the voting.
“Why should I speak Hindi, you came to Karnataka to speak Kannada, our native language,” the auto driver was heard asking the women in his rickshaw.
This will help for those youths who have brought fame and glory to the state by winning medals in various sports outside the state to be recognized in schools and colleges in their grades.
On the construction of the road in Tuberkmaishnong, Bah Kyrmen appealed to the village and the people to wait for a while and said that the road to Khloo-blai Tuber is still pending.
This initiative of the temporary store will start in Jowai.
At such a time, the teacher raised his voice and asked the students, who informed the incident inside the school, the members of FKJGP who are nearby. They immediately went to talk to the teacher and who also spoke clearly on the issue.
The three members of the team are the same ones who were appointed last year, but the team will have a new manager, Sengbao Momin.
Anyone with information is asked to contact 7005131566 – SI S Dkhar, Investigation Officer and 9774065467 – PCR Jowai.
The HNLC said that the introduction of paragraph 12 (A) is a violation of the District Councils by the Government of India.
The figures show that 9,861 soldiers have been killed and 16,153 wounded in Ukraine.
By experiencing poverty herself, she helps to understand the poverty of others.
I can't say, I have to say the truth that the Christian Church and other religious groups and other ethnic groups have attacked the Khasi people or the Khasi/Niamtre religion in many ways. and the terrible things that I have heard with my own ears, seen with my own eyes, and seen with my own works.
I am not worried and I am going to explain to the people why they should vote for me.
in where they can apply for the post of Agniveer (General duty) (All Arms), Agniveer Tech (All Arms), Agniveer Clerk/Store Keeper Technical (All arms), Agniveer Tradesmen (All Arms) for for those who have passed class 10) and Agniveer Tradesmen (All Arms) for those who have completed class 8).
Who can stop God's purpose?
The demand for Hill State came after the students' protest on 27th June 1952, under the leadership of Bah Hoover Hynniewta, against the nomination of six MDCs, including Dkhars.
Kishan tied his fourth half-century in the Ranji Trophy this season, finishing the second innings with 53 runs, while Jaskirat tied with 31 runs.
At the meeting held at Jaiaw Shyiap and Lumpyllon, the meeting decided to strongly oppose the elective conversion of Khasi MIL by MbBOSE through the directive of the state government.
Jowai: The Meghalaya Truck Owners and Suppliers Association (MTOSA) has strongly criticized the BSF for the collapse of the Umpaso Bridge in Sonapur.
Shillong: The Village Authority of Lawjynriew, Nongthymmai, which includes 7 villages, today delivered food items and daily necessities to their villages and residences. The curfew has been imposed on the people of this village due to the inability of the people to buy food items.
These 267 km roads have been funded by the World Bank through the Central Government at a cost of T 230.58 crore.
Sumer said that it has been found that there has been misuse of money by depositing it into the accounts of private individuals and now the KHADC is looking for clarification on who those people are and after getting clarification all will take action. need.
Shillong: Two or three vehicles were set on fire in front of the Laitumkhrah Police Station in Laitumkhrah last night. Khasi youths in front of the DHS office in Laitumkhrah.
The spokesman said that during the inspection, four bags of illegal drugs weighing 4 kilos were recovered from the premises. The body of a Pakistani was found with him.
Fourthly, all the Khasi MLAs have supported the renewal of the Reservation Policy 1972, even if there are others who do not agree to support this issue, they are trying to hide themselves because they are not. They were happy to follow the old path because the new path was too difficult for them, but in the end they agreed to set up an Expert Committee.
The WTO was established to look after and protect the women who live in the market in Garo Hills and not to allow foreigners to enter the market. The WTO urges the officers in charge of GHADC to expedite the implementation and issue licenses to traders in Garo Hills. The GHADC is quick to issue licenses to foreigners while it is slow to issue licenses to Garo and they are small traders.
"They have become enemies in our own country because our custom itself has created the scheme to reach that conflict.
The competitors are Rounak Nongrum, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Bijon Dey, Himan C Phukan, Manish K Rai and Lerry G Sangma.
These facts, along with many others, show that the light that should have been in Christians has turned into Pongpet and that is why the Christian Church in these days is being criticized. speak or be persecuted the early Church that stood on the foundation of truth.
The refusal to wear the hijab has angered the police who have arrested and imprisoned them and fined them.
He said that this day is celebrated every year as the foundation day of the Election Commission.
The deceased was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem while the seriously injured was taken to Shillong Hospital.
Once in that city, the golden tree was suddenly cut down.
Shillong: There have been 56 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
Sub section 8 states that any non-Khasi must have lived for at least 14 years to be eligible for a syrnod even if he meets the requirements.
He said the Commission has also laid down rules that any candidate who has a criminal record or who has been charged with a case must inform the media up to three times.
In another incident, at 4.20 pm, a Sumo (ML 04 A 5229) coming from Digorkhal to Lad Rymbai was seized.
Pay Scale:- Level 13th of Revised Pay Structure for Post Graduate and Level 12th of Revised Pay Structure for Graduate plus usual allowances as admissible under the rules.
The Football Development Private Limited (FDPL) and the Football Players' Association of Sikkim (FPAS) have jointly organized the programme.
While seeking support for the VPP candidate, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, Bah Brightstarwell said that if the village of Syllaikariah has been restored, they should come out in the election. 19th of this month to cast their vote for the VPP candidate so that they will not have to wait for development works from the state government.
This program will be held as a demonstration that such incidents will not be tolerated in the state.
After conducting a search, police seized six gold biscuits worth about 60 tolas and worth about 35 lakh.
Langdongdai Village and many neighboring villages and the area are also very beautiful.
Shillong Lajong FC Under-19 team reached the final of the Oil-DFA All India Level Under-19 Inter-Academy Invitational Football Tournament 2023 after beating Classic FA Imphal 1-0 .
“In 2023 under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, I have every hope that the NPP will be able to form a government alone,” he said.
“The names will not be finalized and the tickets will be handed over only after getting permission from the party authorities,” Marak said.
Shah scored eight fours and Yogesh Tiwari 28 runs off 25 balls for 47 for the first wicket.
However, to vote, the UDP will hold a meeting tomorrow at 11 am to decide whom to support.
However, the Jowai Municipal Board has said that the transportation of garbage is daily and there is a place for temporary dumping.
According to information received from the residents of the area, the truck overturned last night at the village and the truck carrying coal, which came from Jaintia Hills, entered through the village. The truck was on the road from Nartiang to Mawlasnai to Tyrso, with the intention of going to Mawhati to Assam, but when it reached this village, the truck overturned.
When the people of the District Council and Raid Iapngar, planned to hold the election of Rangbah Shnong, there was almost a stir among the people of the village. There is a group who wants to elect and another group does not want to hold the election, alleging that these people and the Rangbah Shnong candidate is no longer a person from Mawshut.
“In this regard, both sides have decided to conduct patrols in the area to prevent any incident and the SPs should implement this decision,” he said.
The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has taken action following reports of illegal quarrying in Gomaijhora, West Garo Hills. Hills.
In a statement, the party said that the party has received information that UB Constable has been deployed from West Jaintia Hills District to work temporarily. She said that according to the information they have received, these policemen have been sent to work in the district only for six months but they are still staying.
When we do any work, we should do it with dignity and respect for others. We should do something that doesn't offend or offend others.
“The definition of democracy by Abraham Lincoln is for the people by the people... but in today's age the definition of democracy – if you do good you are blamed and if you do bad I'm not sure what to do,” said Danggo.
The truck was heading to Odisha from Arunachal Pradesh.
The Khasi Authors' Society was established in 1978 and followed by the Khasi Department at NEHU as well as in various universities and even civil society organizations. to support the cause of the Khasi language.
He said that at present the company has employed about 270 youths at its temporary headquarters at Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Messi opened the scoring for Argentina and Di Maria also scored a goal as Argentina held the lead until Mbappe turned the tide. It ended 3-3 after extra time.
Kharumnuid FC opened the scoring in the 7th minute through Nibin Kharumnuid.
There have been 12 new cases in Maharashtra today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The State has said that due to the heavy rains and the rise in the water level in the Umiam Dam, most of the problems have been addressed.
jai-ly-jai : which cannot be spoken to the soul.
A day after the video of two women being raped in Manipur on the street by a mob, the dorbar was adjourned in both the states. The CM has faced another political challenge on the second day of the Lyiur Dorbar.
I congratulate Shivraj Singh Chauhan for being in government for many years but he has done better to achieve great victory despite many challenges.
“However, it is the responsibility of the Autonomous District Councils to manage the funds,” he added.
In the second innings, Cricket Lovers scored 132 runs for the loss of four wickets in 18.2 overs.
Speeches were also delivered by the candidate and leading party leaders.
New Delhi, June 8: The resignation of Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal continues in these days of intense campaigning for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 22: U Bah SS Umdor, Circle Inspector (CI) of Ri-Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that alcohol is an enemy of the society and the youth of the country.
In this regard, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger has declared 'No Entry' from 11:00 pm from Jingthangbriew near Mot Stashu Jisu to Madan Heh, Phudmuri. Phudmuri Community Hall to Madan Heh, from Nongpathaw Road to Bah JD Rymbai's house, from Mawdatbaki Autorickshaw Park to Madan Heh, from Phudmuri Community Hall to Madan Heh, from Dong Mali-II Road to Madan Heh Heh.
On this occasion, a video screening of the dramas and activities performed by SBUK in the past years was also held which showed how the audience laughed.
Minister Duh congratulated everyone on this special day.
The Committee together with the KSU Pynursla Unit would also like to express their gratitude to the former President of the KSU Bah Paul Lyngdoh who opened the school in 1997 and also to the leaders of the KSU including Bah Reyonald. Thank you to Mr. Danny Nongsiej.
The decision of the KHADC to withdraw the T.20 crore for the improvement of the road came after the Public Work Department (PWD) of the state government did not give permission to the KHADC to carry out the work.
He said that for this reason, the party has created these social media platforms to correct these issues and spread the truth.
These days we have enjoyed the word “Politics” when we walk up and down.
At the meeting, it was discussed that it is necessary to install strong CCTV cameras, to provide records of the people staying in the hotel and to ask for their identity cards, to show them daily to the police. to provide information about hotel staff to the police, hotel owners should ensure that there is no prostitution inside their hotel.
He said that out of the 80 districts, East Jaintia Hills District has been selected to start the SCS and LCS where the SCS will be held at the border village of Huroi.
Assam has taken the lead in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 by topping the medal standings, which is also the second day of the Olympics.
Therefore, any kur which belongs to the same jait should be counted as a kur LA JONG, whether near or far, because the flesh is its own flesh and its own blood. of.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Pynursla Circle has expressed its deep concern over the government's decision to hand over the MeECL of Pynursla Sub Division to a franchisee as this will affect the households who burn electricity.
On Saturday, 81 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 2 have died, bringing the death toll to 1417 in the state.
He also asked whether the electricity that should have been supplied to these villages has been sold to the cement factories in Narpuh Elaka.
“I have met the Prime Minister on this issue and sent many letters but we have not received a satisfactory reply,” he said.
“The release of Rahul, who is not even a government minister in any state, has made it easier for Modi to win in a different way,” the report said.
The images of the trees flowed like a flood as soon as it was announced that the well had collapsed and the earth had filled the road and damaged some vehicles.
Nongpoh, July 15 : While distributing the Word of God at the 34th District Lyngdoh Shatei Service held at the Presbyterian Church Umgtyrnga, Rev.B.Swer, urged the faithful to to turn to God and we must cultivate a full Christian identity.
The SP said that the SI in charge of the Khliehriat Infiltration Check Point has lodged a complaint against them under the provisions of the Foreigners Act.
The General Meeting of the Sein Kur Tariang will be held on Tuesday 12th December 2023 at 11:00 am at Thangbuli village near Amlarem which is about 25 km from Jowai.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle in a statement strongly condemns the robbery and illegal activities of the authorities who smuggled from Bangladesh into the border of the country. India at the same time has demanded that the law enforcement agencies should immediately arrest the perpetrators.
Several officers of various departments including JHDS Coordinator Bah Denis Kurkalang, District Child Protection Officer and Ma.
Mawtawar tied 134 runs for the loss of nine wickets while Kyntonmassar won by 34 runs to win the tournament.
Adelbert Nongrum has expressed his dissatisfaction with the party because he opposes the decision of the CEC, because he has forgotten that in democracy the voice of many churches will have to stand, he has resigned and He demanded my resignation but because the CEC did not approve his demand, because before the election to replace the President it would destroy the party.
Garo Hills has 24 MLAs while Khasi Hills has 36 MLAs. There has been a feeling that India is no longer a country, it has become one of the largest countries in the world in terms of population. land, as well as population, therefore, it was necessary to create many states to accelerate the development, systems of government, different cultures of many nations.
The union is deeply concerned about the number of factories that discharge all the waste from the factories into the Umtrew River, because through this discharge from the factories into the river, it will also cause danger. great later on.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 24: A man named Deoris Paliar, 40, of Nonbah Lad Rambrai, New Nongstoiñ, has sustained serious injuries to his hand after being hit by a truck. bor ding electricity.
At present, the price of good rice is T.18 per kilo, second rice is T.15 per kilo and old rice is T.10 per kilo.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) also requests all the beneficiaries through the NFSA to send their Aadhaar numbers to the ration shops for the smooth running of the ration. -POS device.
She expressed her deep sorrow over this unexplained incident and thanked that in the midst of the tragedy there was no loss of life on the night of the incident.
However, no one answered from Bah Cherish's house, even though they called many times.
The farmers will arrive in Delhi after 5 pm on 29th November 2018 from different districts including Anand Vihar, Nizamuddin, Brijwasan, Majnu, Tila and Kishangarh and will gather at Ramlila Maidan. On the 30th of November, they will go to Parliament in a lymbrum march, the report said.
“There are about 300 drug users in Meghalaya who have registered with the Anti Narcotics Task Force, but there is no record of how many drug suppliers have been arrested.
Singh, who is from Bihar and holds the rank of Assistant Intelligence Officer (ACIO-2), has been working in Rongara for about a year.
New Delhi: The government of Narendra Modi has already passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill, but has passed four other bills to be passed by the President as Ordinances.
Gokulam Kerala FC continued to score through Myanmar foreign player Win Theingi Tun.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Local Taxi Drivers today celebrated their Taxi Day and it is the first and first day of the year.
Up to 12 groups from different villages in Mawsiatkhnam took part in this two day inter dong.
He is a resident of Lapalang, Pynursla.
In the second match, Soul SC beat Youth SSCC 1-2
Dai (Masoor Dal) at the rate of Shi (1) kilo per household per month only for AAY and PHH households free of charge.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has congratulated the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday. Pyniaid Singh Syiem, Titos Khain and Jambor who confirmed the decision of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to ban the cutting of kilos of agricultural products sold in the market.
In the second half, Spain scored another goal in the 58th minute and it was through this goal that Sohmynting got the chance to win the match.
He said these diseases are more common in tropical areas like Assam where 40 people have died from the disease.
So far, no one has received an exact figure on how many people have been infected in the UK or who have died, the Daily Mail reported.
The introduction of the 2000 tyngka notes is due to the shortage of other notes. The Bank has also said that the exchange rate will be only 20,000 tyngka from 23rd July
Twelve members of a MotoGP team from Dorna Sports have completed a visit to the Buddh International Circuit in India ahead of the opening ceremony. Thuk-thuk will be held from 22-24th November this year.
However, what is surprising is that even the new jobs which they did not go to work but were sent to sign.
When it was lunch break at the office, my fellow employee went to a shop near the office. “Tharai, you want to know too much,” said the employee. “Then you, as a mother, I'm surprised to know that because I've never been touched in this way,” said Sandra and she also took out her tiphin. Sandra “Well, one person told me that her daughter went abroad to study.
“I am not a Congress (kur), I support Bah Pala as a Kha (foreigner),” said Bah Pohshen.
This school lasted until the end of the match which was enough for Rympei to win the title.
The finance management of the state is in crisis and it is up to the central and state governments to work together to solve the problems for the people of Meghalaya, who are vital to the economy. for us," Sinha said.
The two teams that reached the final, came from Mawhati Zone and defeated all the teams from Umsning Zone, Bhoirymbong and Village Zone.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that on Saturday, 19th March 2019, he will leave for Shella to campaign for the upcoming elections. BJP candidate Joshua Warjri will contest the mid-term elections.
The Independent won 18 seats.
He or she wants to contest elections only to hold power; to build a street house in Shillong and to improve themselves and their families.
He said the arrangement to hold this rally is part of showing to the world that the HSPDP is a party that has a major role to play in the development of the state.
The militants have been holding the 21 Coptic Christians for several months since they were arrested in November and July in Sirte before being killed yesterday.
Five children from Jowai West Jaintia Hills District have been selected to take part in the trial organized by the biggest ISL club in the country.
Shillong: An employee of the M/S Graceland Clinic, New Nongstoin, has tested positive for Covid-19, the District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today said. The clinic will be temporarily closed and all those who visit the clinic on or before the 23rd July 2021 will be tested. They have been quarantined in their homes for about 7 days, to prevent the spread of the disease to other parts of the village.
“I have just received an order to cancel my membership of the Commission,” she said.
This is also the fourth time that the church of the Umdihar Presbyterian Church has been robbed.
This is still the first wave; and it will last for several months.
He said that last year there were about 30,000 beneficiaries of the MHIS and the total cost has reached T.13 crore.
He promised in front of hundreds of people that if they allow the BJP in 2018, their road will not be like it is now and within a few months they will get a good road.
He demanded that the Executive Committee should try again to install these monitoring gates in the cement factories rather than the Dolloi gates which affect the poor.
UPA candidate Meira Kumar today addressed the MLAs as part of her campaign to seek support for the presidential election to be held on the 17th.
Recently, the North Eastern Council has allocated T.11 crore for the improvement of the market.
"We have not arrested him or anyone else in connection with the incident," Rawat said.
Meghalaya has not yet received an accurate figure.
In the Meghalaya Initiatives, there are three languages ​​to showcase to the world that Meghalaya, although it is a state lagging behind other states of India, but this state is can produce the best food among the countries of the world.
The people who lived nearby heard this sweet smell.
Mukhla beat Ladthadlaboh 2-1 to continue their title in the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Knockout Tournament.
“I dare to say that education is one of the priorities of the Government and the Government has launched a series of measures to protect the students for the betterment of education in the country. the State," he said.
He said that even his Khasi friends from Rambrai and Nongtrai, many support him and he hopes to win the election.
“Rida, I believe you are very happy today...” said Panah. Rida listened.
He urged them to provide fair service to the people because through them they can save many lives.
When he listened to the lecture, it was very pleasant but he was surprised that many of the elders stood up to ask questions to get clarification as allowed by the moderator.
Regarding the diseases affecting the blood vessels, smoking includes tobacco, cigarettes, beer, alcohol, bam raja, khaini, kwai and other foods made from tobacco. .
The song is directed by Elvest Thabah and produced by Larry Suchiang.
He urged the Sengbhalang to turn to the area to protect the land of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: Ka Dikanchi Shira, wife of Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, has resigned from the post of Chairperson of the Meghalaya Resource and Employment Generation Council, which falls under the Planning Department.
In the second leg, Khliehmyntdu Mihmyntdu beat Pateinki Sabah 2-1
The reason why they will not get tickets from the NPP is because the party leaders have already consulted and found out that all of them will not return or win in this election 2023 because their windfall has decreased. beyond.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Union leaders said that on that day, there will be a rally at 10:30 pm at Madan Laban, Red Cross and then they will march to the main gate. of the Main Secretariat.
But the righteous shall go into heaven;
T.1.50 crore for the construction of the District Court in Nongstoin, T.1 crore for the construction of the market in Iewduh, T.2.93,38,000 crore for the construction of the Khasi Traditional Museum in Khasi Heritage Village. T1,61,51,000 for the construction of the room of the Addl.Judge, Magistrate and Lawyer of the District Council Court, Shillong.
This document outlines the pioneering initiatives taken by the Modi Government and the key role of the Government's policies and regulations to build digital asset-related activities for the public.
On the other hand, the village has said that those foreigners who need to enter the village should first ask permission or inform the Dorbar Shnong.
Jowai, July 18: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting pedestrians from passing through L026 Syntu Ksiar Road to Chyrmang Village which is 4 kilometers away. .
The accident occurred on the collapsed part of the road.
“No roads or highways in the country should be allowed to reach this limit like the NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra,” the court said.
Panaliar beat Mynthong 5-0
I'll go to sleep because I'm worried," she said and covered her clothes tightly. "How can it have changed like this in just a few hours?"
We live in the same wisdom that Daniel said would increase until the last days.
Not only that, it should also submit a report once every three months to show its activities for the government to consider.
“Modi has left home because he feels that the world is one home in his mind,” Somabhai said.
There are also those who believe as Christians, they don't want to go to church with those who have AADHAR Number.
“This manifesto is not for Bah Kyrsoi but for the people, written by the people of North Shillong for the people of the constituency and these issues will be implemented within 90 days if I am elected as MLA,” he said. said Mr. Kyrsoi.
In the past, we used to spend time in fetching water from lakes and rivers.
The ceremony began at the exact time.
Speeches were also delivered by the students who have passed from this school and others.
Police dispersed a rally in Berlin, Germany, and in Paris, France, where a rally was held to protest against the government's mask mandate.
“The Congress party in the state will disappear under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma because of his powerful and selfish actions,” he said.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to release the Dearness Relief and increase it from 22% to 25% from 1st November 2021, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. state.
Replying to a question on the Congress's refusal to apply for a ticket, on Saturday after the meeting in Nartiang, Bah Sniawbhalang said, “I will see and I will apply later”.
On the other hand, Deimebanda Blah, daughter of Dr DD Lapang and Bah OS Lyngskor Secretary, DD Lapang Foundation, said that Dr DD Lapang has a special love for the people of Ri-Bhoi. but due to the physical limitations of the school, he sent these two persons to lead the program to commemorate the founders of the school. He also sent a special letter to the school on the occasion of the 43rd Anniversary of the school and also the unveiling of the memorial stone to honor the founders of the school as Dr DD Lapang was one of the participants. With the blessings that the school will continue to grow in all aspects especially in the spread of education.
“This disease does not spread to humans but the meat and milk of infected cows should not be eaten or sold,” said the Secretary of the department, Dr. Manjunatha C. He said that the disease is a common disease in animals and thus it is transmitted by biting pyrjong, skain and also dkhap.
The Central Government has sent 21 experts of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) to search for the missing persons in the coal mine at Ryngksan in East Jaintia Hills. follow them.
Nongstoiñ: U Ripolas War, 32, of Nongkhlaw village, has raped a 6-year-old girl.
At the same time, an explanation was received from the Field Officer in charge of MHIS regarding the schemes that the government has allocated specifically for the sick who go for treatment at the MHIS. The hospital also includes women who have given birth.
He also explained about the use of plastic and the damage caused by it. He recalled that in his childhood, they used to use plastic bags when they went to the market to pay. and urged all those involved in this program especially the children and youth to start a small business from themselves to bring about improvement in all parts of the society.
Jamshedpur FC were a difficult team for Mumbai City FC, but their failure to play well led Buckingham to win.
Abhinav, who was arrested on July 3 this year, has been charged under several sections of the Indian Penal Code.
In the second half, Langsning didn't give up and went straight to Lajong's goal and scored many goals. Figo Syndai in the 51st minute.
Another problem for the Khasi people in Nongmynsaw Syiem Ship is not with Assan because of the Epic Ration, roads from Assam but with the Khasi because the authorities have sold 120 sq.km of land. spah in 1978 and those who live in the village after 1978 and those who live in the village after 1978 shall be excluded at any time and shall not have the right to sell or cultivate. The Nongshynshar Shnong or the Nongshynshar Hima are angry with those who cannot meet their demands. When the land is lost, what is the benefit of getting that border and if it remains with Assam, the farmland? If our leaders are truly patriotic, they should no longer disturb the Border people and the Home Department should have removed the POLICE OUT POST in Langpih. The KHADC should also abolish the Hima Nongmynsaw and other departments should also focus on the development of Meghalaya and not to cross the border to Assam. Hopestandard Marthong Ph No.8974301037.
Dibinroy Nongspung scored the third goal in the 58th minute before scoring the second and fourth goals for Langsning in the 59th minute.
Speaking to media on Friday, Bah Stewart Malngiang, Education Secretary of UHM, said that the union has informed the Minister that the price of school fees has increased. unacceptable because students coming from low-income, but academically qualified families cannot afford the cost of tuition fees.
Regarding the incident, Agha Samiullah said that as of Tuesday evening, no militant groups have claimed responsibility for the attack. attack.
The first match between Risa Colony SC and Mawlyngngad SC ended at 3:15 pm with both teams scoring 10 goals each. none could be separated until the end of time.
Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem blessed Dr.DD Lapang and announced his services and contributions while he was active in the political field.
Speaking to reporters, the group alleged that the Sirdar of Laitlyngkot Elaka, Bah Allenson Shabong, has failed to comply with the orders of the KHADC. The Rangbah Shnong of Nongthymmai-Lumthangding has been without a Rangbah Shnong for about 1 year and 4 months.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 19 new cases have been confirmed and 294 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The suspects were identified as Md. Ismail Hussain, 25, of Pabna Sardar and Md. Mohim Mallik of Hijal Bari, Gopalganj district, Bangladesh.
There were also farmers who spent time cultivating sla sha, but after a while they abandoned their farmland until these farmlands turned into forests of sla sha trees.
Jowai, Nailar 24 : The MPUF-CGB in a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Samla H.Bhoi, said that the party strongly condemns the robbers who killed innocent lives. without having any more feelings for others.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has been forced to select the youngest players to represent the state in the All India Football Federation (AFA) Youth Tournament. League.
Ma Michal Dhar, a nurse and herbalist, resident of Shangpung Pohshnong, West Jaintia Hills District, passed away on the evening of
India are in Group-A alongside Qatar, Kuwait and Afghanistan, with the top team from this group qualifying for the third round. FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
As a leader, it is my duty to look after the problems of the youth in my constituency; and when I heard their complaint I had to investigate whether there is any shortcoming in the Roster System, and what I found I would like to tell you here – The OM of 10th June 2022, which puts them The Reservation Policy enacted by the OM of 12th July 1972 is not sufficient in comparison with the Reservation Policy.
The investigation found that the day labourers, domestic workers and the poor have faced serious problems from this price hike in the market and the reason is due to this action of the MCC. Bernard N Marak, also known as Rimpu, was assisted by Wilver Danggo Marak, Anish M Sangma, Patcheng T Sangma and others. and they gave it to them.
Besides the patients at Mawkyrwat CHC, the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) of Mawkyrwat Circle has also been able to provide assistance to the people in need in Marshillong, Mawranglang and Mawlangwir.
On the other hand, the Minister of Electricity said that the government will think again on this issue and it will be possible to reduce this 30%.
The match ended in a draw, one goal.
Shillong, Nailur 7 : The Chief Minister of Education, Bah HM Shangpliang on Friday said that the government has prepared the necessary measures to ensure that the salaries of 12,000 SSA teachers in the state are not delayed. .
The match between Argentina and Brazil was suspended after only seven minutes.
If we have looked carefully and examined carefully, we will see, wherever we turn, a change.
He said how the people of the North East who have about 60 percent of the population have been able to look after the natural resources to boost India's income and reduce poverty by 42 percent to percent.
He also suggested that the spelling of many of the tribes has been changed, for example, the Shullai tribe has been changed to Chullai, Shallam to Challam which has not caused any problems in the family relationship.
He is survived by his wife, Kong Ba-ailang Lyngdoh Nonglait and a young son.
The Home Health Aid Caregiver has been launched with the training of young men and women in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 13 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Tongseng Unit, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday celebrated its 10th Anniversary. The ceremony was attended by KSU East Jaintia Hills District leaders, elders including Waheh Shnong Tongseng (Narpuh), Bah C.Rymbai, Secretary Shnong, Bah S.Phniaw, elders of the village, women and the young men of the village.
Seek the LORD, and ye shall live: lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph, and devour it, and there be none to quench it in Bethel (Amos 5:4,6). .
After the seizure, all the requirements were completed and a complaint was registered against them under the provisions of the NDPS Act in the presence of witnesses from the private sector.
In Meghalaya, as you have seen, people have taken good care of themselves and this has reduced the spread of the disease.
The market is built in a beautiful and attractive manner with rest houses on the ground floor made of stone and beautifully carved stones.
Aamir has been in Chennai for treatment of his mother, Zeenat Hussain, since last April and her mother has been undergoing treatment at a hospital in Chennai. he shall be with his mother, at the time, when she is not in a healthy body.
Referring to the CAA, he said it is one of the threats facing the country as the Act has not been fully implemented in the tribal areas in some parts despite its implementation in the State.
From today onwards, we have increased our competition.
All the spending will be done when it's hot and bright," he said.
“We have decided to send a letter to the government on these decisions and if the government does not listen we will have to find the last resort and we will see whether the government or we will win,” he said. President of the All North East Transporters Association.
(iii) Khun (Syiemlieh Shop), think about where such a business will grow instead of growing only names.
Speaking to media on Thursday, the Minister said that he personally had the opportunity to meet with the relatives of Samborlang, who is 6 years old. It was a month after they came to meet him inside the shlem.
The team managed to score only 75 runs before all 10 wickets were lost after 17 overs due to the skill of the opposition bowlers.
He also mentioned the recent road project sanctioned under the North East Special Development Scheme for the upgradation of the Mawshynrut-Hahim-Boko road.
During the tenure of Bah Ardent, this public help desk was opened especially for the vendors living in Iewduh to complain to the KHA DC if they find any problem in Iewduh.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that her election campaign has not stopped since she was announced as the candidate.
Surprisingly, in 2005, the State of the Environment Report showed that Meghalaya has an area of ​​22,429 sq. km.
Shillong: Former CEM of Jaintia District Council, Madonbai Rymbai, has been elected as the independent candidate, Ma Lakhon.
“It was when I was elected as an MDC that I sent a letter asking them not to register themselves on the Electoral Roll of Assam.
Seeing that her daughter has improved in various sports, Marbarisha has started to take part in sports.
The struggle to bring this Police Outpost to this area is because the area at Umshyrpi Bridge is not safe for the traffic of the people as there have been many robberies in this area.
Saha made the announcement at a rally in Gabordi, West Tripura district, while campaigning for Lok Sabha candidate Biplab Kumar Deb.
However, Rangdajied, which should have won, responded again before the end of the first half, in the 90+2 minutes by Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw.
Rome, June 24: There have been reports that militant groups are planning to attack the Vatican, Italian law enforcement officials said.
The body of the deceased was taken away by his neighbours.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Khasi Cultural and Social Service Society (KCSSS) has concluded its tree planting program which started on the 1st of this month and ended today on the 12th of July.
“This clause is the explanation in the Office Memorandum issued on the Reservation Roster by the Government through a notice issued on July 14,
SDO: +918822922422 Sub-Inspectors: 8414806738/9436110184/8731025753 Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
After this he will be arrested and imprisoned for 1000 years.
(c) At Laitkor: A name was appointed for Lar Kongor of the Kharkongor clan, who was Kongor to the Shillong chiefs.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided not to impose martial law in Garo Hills.
He said that as of now, the people have started flocking to the area even from other nearby areas to relax and spend time.
Later, it didn't fulfill the wish, because all those who wanted it, especially the Congress, which used to sit in power for a long time, has decided to sit on the ground this time.
He said the government under the leadership of Conrad instead of improving roads and other development works, has strengthened the party and bought land outside Meghalaya to build their offices.
This provides a place for the children to live and they live like two lizards in their homes.
Meanwhile, the number of smokers has reached 47 percent and ranks fourth among the states in the Northeast according to the National Tobacco Control Programme.
Two more players of the IFMA Muaythai Youth World Championship which was held from 19th to 21st July 2022 in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. Mary Christin Wriang in the 30kg category won the silver medal and Alphona Zinia Wriang won the bronze medal in the 36kg category.
All the matches of Meghalaya will be played in Jaipur from 16th March.
In another incident, the Anti-Smuggling Unit of Guwahati Customs Division seized two trucks (HR.65-7758 and HR-65-8403) with 1100 kg of smuggled narcotics weighing 16,800 kg. worth Rs.1.23 crore.
There is no time for chickens to get Avian Flu or Bird Flu.
The Archbishop was accompanied by Fr Mathew Vellankal in the same vehicle.
In June 2024 alone, more than 1300 cash awards worth Rs 2 crore will be spent, including the recent award distribution on October 14,
Speaking on the occasion, Dr LR Bishnoi said that drugs are one of the drugs that affect the brain and many of the youths who have been infected with them can no longer control and stop, and the state. Meghalaya has been facing a serious threat from the increase in drug users and traffickers and according to the information collected till 2019, about 2.5 lakh youths have become addicted to drugs and about 45,000 youths have become addicted to drugs. In Shillong alone, the state police have seized drugs worth Rs 124 crore and Rs 75 lakh so far.
If the voltage is low, the bill will go to heaven and the ground will be empty.
The yatras were held as part of the Jan Ashirwad Yatra by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Madhya Pradesh for the upcoming elections.
This year's award was selected for the film 'Ka Daw' which was released in November 2022, while other awards were won by other states like Assam and Manipur.
Shillong, Naitung, 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government is studying the report of the inquiry by retired Justice T.Vaiphei into the shooting death of Justice T.Vaiphei. Former HNLC leader Cherishterfield Thangkhiew on 13th July last year.
“We need to understand that the government alone cannot solve this problem without the cooperation of the people,” he said.
He slammed Modi's introduction of 500 and 1000 notes, saying it was only to enrich some companies, not for the people of the country.
Police are conducting investigation to arrest the perpetrators.
Nongstoiñ: Up to 28 residents of Umwali village and surrounding villages in Langpih area on the border with Assam, have been seriously injured after Assam police came to attack. bomb naphang without counting the women and the elderly.
Bah Kharlyngdoh said that the department has not yet said when it will complete this important task, as it can still reach the point of receiving complaints from anyone if it is found that it has not yet completed. fine.
After the murder, the villagers started fleeing the village because they were filled with fear.
Unprecedented events, these heads every day have come to happen, theft, robbery, shooting and killing, as if he lived in such a time, where he was not afraid, he was no longer afraid of the victim. he didn't come to life.
Although Chiehruphi won the match, they had to fight hard and try in every way to score these two goals.
Clement Marak in 2008 earned T.25 lakh, in 2013 he earned T.1 crore, Zenith M Sangma in 2008 earned T.59 lakh and in 2013 he earned T.4 crore. Deborah C Marak in 2008 earned T.2 crore and in 2013 T.8 crore, Martin M Dango (Ranikor) in 2008 earned T.27 lakh in for T.48 lakh.
In response, the Minister said that the NTA has sought the reports from the centers which conducted the examination.
He said that the garbage and deterioration of Shillong has become too much and it can be said that it is a forest city.
Nongpoh, Naitung 08: The HSPDP led by Bah Primson Makdoh has announced its candidate for the 2023 election from Umsning Constituency. The party has been able to strengthen the party with leaders in the Primary Units.
Niaw Wasa Utd beat Mukhla Raij 1-1 in the Super Division Football tournament hosted by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
On the other hand, the President of the Mawten Youth Association, Bah CA Lyngdoh, said that the KSU SWKHD has given its full support to the vision of the KSU. to curb the spread of drugs.
Father said, “Hood, Father, I don't understand myself anymore.
In another match, Khliehriat HSS and Nongthymme drew 1-1
Police said that in the past seven years, they have identified 98 villages, of which 40 are adjacent to the Aravallis, and residents have been accused of being involved in illegal mining, illegal trade in cattle as well as harvesting and slaughtering them.
Shaiborlang Marbaniang and coach Shaiborlang Lyngdoh will leave Shillong today (16th November) and will complete the weigh-in on the 17th while the match will be held on the 18th.
Robert said the party has already written to the government to meet with Amit Shah, but the party has not yet received a reply. This time to discuss the need to implement ILP in Meghalaya.
JOWAI: The AJYWO Central Body, according to an RTI reply, has found that there are only 1264 Trading License holders of foreigners who have renewed their Trading License in Jaintia Hills and the JHADC has collected revenue of T. 1,21,13,652/- from the state.
These teachers were honored by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma who was present as the Chief Guest.
From this meeting, it has led to the present day when these groups have come forward with their weapons to stop the violence immediately.
Dawki: The deterioration of the road in Tamabil, Dawki has caused severe inconvenience to the residents of Nongkhein, Amlympiang, Amdoh, Amsku, Rhongkum and Mutakpur villages. , it has become too far away and is no longer even suitable for driving and especially in the rainy season.
The fine will be implemented under the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act, which is new and has not been implemented yet.
The Swede international joined Tottenham on an 18-month loan in July 2022, with a purchase price of £29.2m.
They cannot give Khar first and follow it with one word and not with the word Nongrum.
Of course the time is still very early; However, because they didn't want to get home quickly, they sent a car to get home.
In a short time there will be a time of great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world's beginning until now, no, nor ever shall be.Matt. 24:2
She said that education has been stalled along with development works in Garo Hills due to poverty.
Sushant Singh Rajput's latest film, Dil Bechara, has been released.
He said the second project of the Swadesh Darshan Scheme which has already been approved to release funds to Meghalaya will be extended to districts like West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
“It is interesting that many people have expressed their desire to contest MP from the UDP,” he said.
“There is a National People's Party led by one person (Conrad K Sangma) from another ethnic group (Garo), which has won 18 constituencies.
Many allegations have been raised against MEPDCL regarding the operation of electrical signs but no action has been taken.
When asked about the number of Indians in Sudan, Kwatra said the full figure could not be given, but it was estimated that there were about 3,500 Indians in Sudan. stay in this country.
Who says we don’t want to speak Hindi? In the market, everyone speaks Hindi and says – “Murki on Baranda Boitha.
“With the skills you have, I am sure you will be able to give your best in the Lamphang seat,” he said.
The Jews in Jesus' day put their temple ahead of their worship of God.
Shillong, Naitung, 17: The Khasi and Jaintia people on Sunday commemorated the 187th death anniversary of the freedom fighter Tirot Sing Syiem who fought against the British rule in the city. Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), FKJGP, Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) and others laid flowers at the statue at Madan Iewrynghep, Shillong. Laitumkhrah and held a silence in honor of the spirit of dedication and selflessness of this hero of the country.
This was announced by the Registrar General, High Court of Meghalaya, Shillong.
However, there are 159 towers which have not been connected to the electricity supply and the outstanding electricity bill is T.78.12 lakh.
He urged and requested the mother of the child to come forward and inform the elders.
They came together to that holy city which was 1500 miles long and 1500 miles wide or 22,50,000 sq. miles.
They include Shiva Thapa (63.5kg), Amit Panghal (51kg), Mohammad Hussamuddin (57kg), Rohit Tokas (67kg), Sumit (75kg), Ashish Kumar (80kg), Sanjeet (92kg) and Sagar (+92kg). ) who qualified for the group on the male side.
There are 142 cases, including 90 cases from East Khasi Hills, 21 cases from West Garo Hills and 8 cases from Ribhoi District, including 5 cases from civilians.
After the post morm, the body was placed at the morgue at NEIGRIHMS Hospital for the use of the relatives.
The incident has shocked the country especially in West Bengal until doctors have protested and hundreds of thousands have resigned as a sign of protest against the lack of action by the Prime Minister Mamata Banerjee. this happened.
The suspect was taken to Khliehriat and will appear before the Khliehriat Magistrate's Court.
Former Assistant Inspector General (AIG) of Meghalaya Police GK Iangrai on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the Director General of Police (DGP) Lajja Ram Bishnoi on charges of misuse and abuse of property. forge the number plate for the official vehicle he used.
Nongpoh: Regarding the incident between the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the President of the Nongpoh Region Auto Owners and Drivers Association (NRAO&DA), the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh Proper, on Tuesday expressed its regret over the incident. President of the Union of Auto Drivers.
Twenty hours later, Maharashtra rescue teams found 12 people dead in the collapse of a five-storey building in Mahad, about 165 kilometers east of Mumbai.
Under the leadership of the youth and with the cooperation of the Longkmie and the community, the cleanliness drive has been carried out.
On Scottish roads, complaints can be made on the Transport Scotland website, while on other roads, complaints can be made to the govt.
The Samaritan woman, who was a slave, came to Jesus and said, 'How can you, being a Samaritan, ask me for a drink?'
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the spread of false news on the Ishamati issue may be for the benefit of some political parties and the state government. He said that if anyone continues to stir up trouble, they will be brought to justice, whether they are in Meghalaya or abroad.
At least 35 people have been killed and 11 are still missing in the floods in the state.
Dkhar also expressed his concern in this regard, saying that the access of foreigners is due to the negligence of the rulers such as Syiems and Sordars.
A group of leaders from these two groups met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit and demanded that the KHADC should punish the company.
As we have seen during the pandemic, health issues in one part of the world can affect everyone in other parts of the world within a short period of time.
In a statement sent by JSU Publicity Secretary T Mukhim, the JSU said that they have found many children going outside and in public places even during this time of fighting against the disease.
According to sources, the retirement of veterinarians from the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to conduct examination of cows has been going on for many years since the 1990s.
Those criminals who defame and defame the name and dignity of the groups that are fighting for justice should be punished,” said the statement.
The word rapkhmat 'kyr' is added to any word that has no meaning or does not have a meaning to form another new word, such as kyrdem, kyrthai, kyrshah, kyrhuh, kyrtoh, kyrshoiñ, kyrpad and how ter ter.
According to the five persons, the Rangbah, alone, has stolen more than T.66,000 from them, and they suspect that they are not the only ones who have suffered from this. However, it is believed that there are many other job seekers, who have been caught in the same accident.
He said that not a single Christian in the state will feel ashamed or discouraged because of the BJP or its leaders and workers.
Furthermore, it is said that there were people working inside the place, who tried to talk to the four, because they were too disturbing to the people, but it was said that these people, did not This has caused panic among the public as well as the people working inside the Screening Centre.
Shillong, June 16: Former CEM of JHADC Ma Don Rymbai has lodged a complaint with the Jowai PS Police Station on October 11, 2014 at 8:40 pm. Pynpoihun Majaw has left his Maruti Car number ML 05E-1824 at his residence in Khlieh Tyrshi and demanded T.5 lakh. .
Speaking about his studies, Manuel said that after completing his schooling, he went to Delhi to complete his Graduation in New Delhi and completed his MBA from Kolkata. village, for more than 22 years.
Therefore, we urge the elders who hold the lyngkor to take responsibility for any lyngkor they hold, not to play with the rights of the children of the thousand and also not to be misled. when running a business.
The MP from Silchar said that this is the largest factory in western Assam and the coal requirement of the factory is 500-600 tonnes per day. 12,000 million tonnes and will operate for only six months and if the coal blockade continues, it will have a serious impact on the factory, which employs 5,000 workers. 20,000 households depend on this project.
Friday Hinge, the contractor who quarried the stone from the Myntdu River in the past few days, has donated to the Fund to improve the Myntdu River through an agreement worth up to lakh rupees.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi & Jaintia People (FKJGP) Byrnihat Circle and Baridua, in the presence of the Syiem of Raid Marwet and people from the Hima Mylliem, today visited a place. Umnowe village, which is located in Umnowe village, is to be used as a dumping ground for the garbage produced in dozens of villages under the Raid Marwet.
"The Prime Minister said he believes that true development can come when “we can touch every life, when we can develop and move forward everyone, when we can bring about equality between women and men and between nations.
Speaking on the writing industry, Prestone said that the nation still needs many talented writers like Dr Basihida who will promote the need for literacy because many writers in this era just publish books. which have no value at all.
Expressing its willingness to work with the Meghalaya government, the UNICEF team has decided to provide support and training on the Early Childhood Development Mission in the state.
There is also a court which has the power to receive and hear judicial review.
(1) the citrus trunk borer (2) the citrus shoot borer, and the citrus green bug, the common mealy bug. , the orange leaf-miner, and the orange leaf-miner.
The Prime Minister has already promised to take action against Sanbor for insulting the Lamphang in front of the NDA Presidential candidate in the presence of other NDA Ministers and others. BJP leaders are also from outside the state.
The man said that when he first received the box, he found it very stingy, but he thought that the products produced these days are stingy but good, so he He took the box into the house and opened it, and found that the box was filled with food.
The winners will receive T.5000, T.4000 for the second place and T.3000 for the third place in the men's and women's categories.
We can say that perhaps the majority of the residents of our state suffer from chronic diseases due to the consumption of such meat treated with formalin.
Das first noticed the fire, which is suspected to have been caused by a power outage, while she was busy talking to her friends on Friday evening.
Isaiah, the mighty prophet of God, when He took up the office of prophet, He saw first Himself, how He was and humbled Himself by how I could be worthy of the work of the Lord (God) by humbling Himself. , The Lord God, who had appointed him to be a prophet, sent angels to sanctify him.
And he received him into his house.
The Dorbar Shnong Tuberkmaishnong appeals to all the residents of the village to come forward to help the family of Kong Ribiang Phawa who has been affected by this fire.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, who lodged an FIR on the case, said that the court will hear the report within 10 days after the IO has been promoted. The DSP, has submitted his report to the court.
The four arrested are Marwi Lyngdoh of Wahsanphaw Sohkymphor, Emlang Lakhar of Nartiang, Donborlang Manih of Paham Syiem, Nongpoh and Eddy Dkhar of Mawkawah.
They said that the presence of such electricity posts can also cause harm to the people and especially to the children, because the condition of these electricity posts is no longer safe. in which they can collapse at any time and which can also cause injury to the people.
However, if you stand on the zebra line, there is no problem for the people to walk and stand anywhere.
He said that although they have tried to clean up the landslide, they cannot clean it up by their own strength.
Assam Police, who were stationed at Jrikyndeng, first arrested Manki Sungoh, Augustin Shylla and a 16-year-old school student who were trying to return home. When they reached the border area of ​​Moojem and Jrikyndeng villages at Mookhim, Assam Police suddenly stopped their vehicle and shot and bombed them with bullets until they were seriously injured. .
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh for post mortem.
She praised and thanked the former Minister of Home Affairs who changed and stood against the violence in Khasi-Jaintia Hills at that time.
The FKJGP-Upper Shillong, led by the President of the FKJGP-Upper Shillong, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang, who is also the Vice President of the FKJGP Sengkmie, yesterday protested against the inspection by the Government authorities and the Air Force. step Friday.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 18: Shakambari Ferro Alloys Private Limited, located on the banks of the Rwiang River, has received an order from the Supreme Court to close down from however, it will continue to be implemented until
The total number of cases has now reached 67,57,132, including 9,07,883 still infected and 1,04,555 deaths, the Union Health Ministry said.
On his way to his constituency in Tuikam, Lalrinawma, cut down a tree, which fell on the highway.
Bah PB Sylliang said that the Union has also sought information from the Minister on the need to upgrade the sub centers and PHCs around Ribhoi as discussed at the meeting held at Last year, there were no health facilities that needed to be improved.
After the injured, the husband and the injured lodged a complaint with the Damsait Police Station on the 3rd of this month. the same day.
There is no evil thought but only trust and understanding.
Similarly, in Yangon, the streets were empty and quiet as residents were locked inside their homes for fear after the Junta's raid in Pazi Gyi. in the past few days.
It has been destroyed not only by the invasion, which has lasted for decades, of stones, shyiap and soil or hands but by all the things that Shillong and its suburbs have. The North and North East have refused to send them separately to the Designated Land Fill which we all know as Marten.
“I wonder why he misses school.
She said the court has fixed the date for the hearing on 18th October.
She said that in the RTI, the police department replied that it had not received a copy of the investigation but had received an order to submit the inquest report.
This stinginess of the employees has caused a lot of trouble to the poor who have to pay thousands of tyngka for electricity at a time.
Such a way of thinking of us Khasi, besides being a single nation, will destroy the foundation stones of unity and the same nation.
The heavy rainfall in Shillong in these days has given hope to the people in the state as the Umïam Lake has been cleaned up again. water.
He accused the BJP of messing with the CBI, RBI, Income Tax, ECI and others and the people should vote wisely in this election.
And the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea" Isaiah 11:9
The NPP leaders also admitted that there are three MLAs who have been suspended from the Congress to contest from the party, two from the TMC, two from the PDF and one from the HSPDP. you are still walking.
A statement from James K Sangma, Minister of Power, said that the power outage will be only three hours a day.
Mawlai has 15 points while Meghalaya Police FT has 14 points.
However, these leaders have already admitted that the people are not their representatives and that they will win all the seats from all the constituencies of the state in the 2023 election.
He said that the Voice of Party (VPP) candidate is still waiting for two months because if he wins he will go back to teach.
From Samla Sankupar, Ri-Bhoi District.
Noting that the PITNDPS Act applies to drug traffickers who continue to traffic in drugs, the Minister said, “This Act empowers to detain such persons for up to three months without the Advisory Board. The Advisory Board shall not approve the appointment of persons for more than six months.
We are also very grateful that they have come forward to provide immediate assistance to our students who are in distress,” said Dr. Ampareen.
In the INC, JA Lyngdoh, P Wanniang, E Kharjahrin, Pholand, K Lyngkhoi, MPCC Vice President Carnes Sohshang and Wallambok Syiemiong are also present. .
Speaking on the occasion, Bah James Lyngdoh said that football is no longer just a sport, but has become a source of employment and income generation for the youth. sap in football.
However, reports in recent months have suggested that the same Public Investment Fund that owns Newcastle, and now runs four of Saudi Arabia's biggest clubs, has requested Barca have not allowed the 26-year-old to join Al-Hilal.
Shillong: A fire broke out at a shop near the rice market at 5:30 pm this evening.
The two suspects were identified as Dossli Thongni and Johnny Thyrniang of Wahkaji village, South West Khasi Hills District. and today these men have lodged a complaint against those who take advantage of their names.
To combat these threats, India has taken several steps to conserve bird species.
Divya Singh, Singh's wife and son Anirudh Singh, denied the allegation and said Vishvendra had sold all his property. I'm going to Moti Mahal.
Fortunately, no casualties were reported and no one was injured but they lost all their belongings and property.
“Recently, Union Minister Anand Kumar Hedge said that the word secular should be removed from the Constitution of India. our faith" he said.
Besides these issues, there are some other issues that we as a nation need to think about, the struggle for unity and especially the Khasi language which is called the Sohra language which we should accept as our own. the language of the nation and it is through this language that we can understand and communicate with each other even if we have the meaning of the local languages; Even though the War has its own language, the Bhoi has its own language, the Maram, Lyngngam, Khynriam and Pnar have their own language, but we have the Khasi language which has made us a nation for many generations.
He urged the villagers to work together for the betterment of the Fish Sanctuary.
When I learned of this over the phone, I sent him directly to the Super Care emergency because he couldn't even speak.
Wanbor said the reason why Assam has cut down the kwai trees, tympew and other crops is because it plans to run the electricity supply of the Power Grid, to plant 13 trees. towers to run electrical signals through these villages.
KHNAM said that according to the explanation of these books, 'the Karbi are in fact illegal settlers on the border of Khasi Jaintia'
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chairman of the Cell, Samla Raymond Kharjana, said, “I would like to commend the hard work of this government in these few days. On the other hand, I would like to congratulate the Government of Meghalaya as it is the first state in the North East to adopt the National Education Policy 2020 which clearly states that there will be a Central University Entrance Test.
The new guest house has 28 rooms to accommodate guests and visitors to NEIGRIHMS. which is one of the best and available in only a few centers in the country.
The UDP leaders, former and others of those times, know well that even the former APHLC of BB Lyngdoh, SDD Nichols Roy and other leaders of those years, worked with the Congress of Indira Gandhi in In these years, not to join themselves, but as a state government in India, they should work with the central government in Delhi.
According to sources, these two MLAs may join the meeting before the people of Sohiong constituency elect their Speaker to the Legislative Assembly.
Many school children and college students who come to Jowai without proper schooling system have complained that the fare is still very expensive in the area and remains the same price at the moment. Lockdown T.300 to enter the village.
“Because you are the same BDO, you go to Sohiong one day and one day to Mawphlang, you go to Block Sohiong when there is no BDO and hundreds of scheme beneficiaries are standing in line, you go back to Mawphlang. “There is nothing, can those other MLAs bring schemes like me? Where can you get a person like me but even so, the opponents are still speaking against,” he said.
The High Court said that if this is true, the government should take strict measures against those factories.
Speaking briefly, Bah FD Ramsiej as the chief guest expressed his pride in the youth of the area who have started to appear in many fields especially in sports. district and in the state as a whole but also abroad.
In this regard, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Government will not hesitate to send doctors to take part in some short-term Certificate Courses so that they can become more skilled. to take better care of patients.
They are rich in vitamin K, lutein, folate and beta carotene.
It is estimated that the money inside the ATM amounted to T.9 lakh tyngka, and it is suspected that the theft was committed by skilled and intelligent people. the four locations still in the last few days.
He said that on this occasion, he has already written a letter to the District Council Affairs of the State Government, in which he has informed about the existence of illegal gates. According to the Highway Act, illegal gates cannot be installed.
“Discussions are ongoing to reconsider the decision,” said a statement from the UDP. Paul and Teibor have already responded to the UDP's request to support the UDF. The UDP has already received their reply, but does not want to take a hasty decision because it wants to think carefully before doing anything.
How can they become a mother? The story is as follows: The Garo have not met the Lyngngam since the battle at Jugigupa.
““In fact, during the fire in Khyndai Lad on Saturday, the market vendors and members of the Seng immediately collected their goods and immediately closed down the sales.
The question is where the people will turn to elect him to lead from Nongstoiñ to the Legislative Assembly this time.
DD News Shillong has clarified that this article was posted on Twitter on 11th November and at the same time, it has clarified that it has not received any articles on any announcement. by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today (23.08.2020).
When we turn to the Bible, Jesus taught His disciples well to do the work of God and especially to win souls to salvation.
Please call 88373 20491 for more information.
Josper S.Dura, NongshkenTip For some reason, there was a fight between the father and mother of the children.
How many times can we avoid and escape from Corona, the reason is that the black smuggling by our own people who smuggle black to Bangladesh from cows, muid, beer, cigarettes has spread too much. , dawai bunjaid etc, Bangladeshis in groups have come to India to smuggle goods, during the lockdown.
Decades ago, it was known that the Riwar area was fertile, but these days, the fertilizer has flowed to Bangladesh and it has been seen that the land has turned into rock. Then the farmland, has become ring sdot and even the houses of people, some of them have collided with the stones and this will increase in the coming years, if there is no urgent attention.
In recent years, the State has begun to be filled with traders and traders, whose purpose may be only to trade and make money.
The suspects were traveling to Agartala from Kolkata in a Tata Sumo (TR-01AK-0
However, such Parliament should be held in their respective Districts.
F Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Mawtawar in the 61st minute.
Police recovered 0.78 grams of heroin, 2700 tyngka from Talu Kyndiah, 30, and 330 tyngka from Just Me Suting,
Shillong: The protest by the MDCs in the KHADC has spread to the state government and to stop it, the leaders of the ruling parties including the NPP and PDF have tried to stop the MDCs from becoming peaceful. .
There have been 67,708 new cases in the past 24 hours and 680 deaths.
The Principal of NLHSS, Jowai B Richard Uriah on Monday announced that the NLHSS will start an online class with Western countries to provide education to the students of North Liberty HSS. Richard B Uriah said this while awarding the tops of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations of MBOSE. and all that remains is to install the equipment with internet and power supply.
How many were arrested? Have any politicians been arrested? Have any thieves been jailed? The former defense minister was sacked because of the horrors of coal theft? Has anyone ever been punished? Isn't it true that the police are allowing the mining and smuggling of coal to go on? Do police allow trucks to move by taking money from drivers? Isn't it true that the police don't seize high level trucks? After the court order, the coke plants were demolished.
To all those who speak with big ideas, I would like to ask them, what have you done for the nation? Is it right for a Minister of State who has been confirmed to meet with Ministers of another country, to cancel the meeting because of the threat of a political party?
“If necessary, I will come out,” said Bah Shanbor to his Lok. “If we walk smoothly, we will not be disappointed,” said Bah Shanbor. The mother of the children agreed.
In fact, the Sengbhalang has decided to hold a 10 hour night curfew from tomorrow from 7 pm to 5 pm. it shall be 4 days.
We need to revive this teaching of the Longshwa Manshwa to strengthen the relationship between us human beings and nature.
The place in India where this method was first used and where it is still the best, is in Guntur district in the Madras Presidency.
In a letter to the Chief Minister, the MeECL employees said that the MeECL employees have not had a Chairman since November 2020 and therefore there is no leader to take part in the meeting. the Director of the State Electricity Department.
He said that the government has announced that there will be no Covid test in the border districts at the last minute.
“In 1992, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) raised the demand for the rights of the Khasi Hills by incorporating provisions into the Constitution. This issue and the desire for independence of Hynniewtrep from India.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Shillong has arranged to hold a meeting of the Rangbah Khasi Clan under its jurisdiction. 13th November, 2018 at the conference hall of the office at 1 pm.
“The subsidy is given by the government and not by anyone. I was an MLA and I was involved in the struggle for the subsidy.
After we had talked, I agreed to give my strong support and said that I will not move from the foundation.
Two others lost wickets, but Railways did not lose heart and managed to beat Meghalaya.
“The land contract has expired in 2022 and the Hima has written to the MCCL to hand over the land to the Hima so that the Hima can think of using it elsewhere, as the MCCL has not renewed it. "It's a covenant," said Freeman.
It is worth mentioning that the factory has stopped operating for about 10 years now since the machinery of the old factory, can no longer operate due to age and this has put pressure on the state government to 118 out of 349 employees have been sent to retire under the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) which is still under preparation.
He urged the participants to take a moment to reflect on how this idea, expressed decades ago, has been reflected in the theme of India's G20 Presidency “Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam” or “One Earth.
The Department of Road Transport and Highways (MRTH) has decided to implement the Engineering Procurement Construction (EPC), to award contracts to companies, in order to expedite the work and complete the task.
“We are determined to resolve this issue and I would like to reiterate once again that on behalf of the Government of Meghalaya, we want these talks to continue and we can reach an agreement. and we see that things have gone in the right direction but because this is a slow process, there will always be concerns and it is important to continue in the discussions to resolve all these issues.
“There is no distribution of the property of parents or of people who have only sons or of those people who have no children (death) in which many problems arise. “I am sorry for this inheritance,” he said.
He said that in the last 4 years, there are many projects that remain unfinished, but it is through this government under the leadership of the NPP that the remaining projects such as the Assembly have been implemented. ), Taj Vivanta among others.
With the passing of the days, crime has increased where robbers try to kidnap children by pretending to be parents to go to school.
Although we cannot see them, we understand that they really exist.
He said that the Syiems have been directed to inform the Sordars or Rangbah Shnongs and if anyone does not receive information, they should take it from the newspapers as information.
Umstain FC B and Wahiajer Narpuh FC A won the ENSA football tournament held at Umkiang Village Ground on Monday.
However, words cannot stop me because it is the desire of my soul to help,” said Bah Dasakhiat.
It can be said that the government's preparation of the cold storage at Maw iong is in vain as the farmers do not use the cold storage facility for the storage of their vegetables.
Earlier, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC of KHNAM, who raised a question, said that the Executive Committee should take measures to prevent the infiltration of other ethnic groups. I don't know what to do in this Khasi country.
In Rambrai-Jyrngam, other candidates include Fernandez Dkhar of TMC with 1554 votes, Goldenstar Nonglong of Congress with 5805 votes, Spasterlin Nongrem of BJP with 689 votes, Sillash M. Sangma received 159 votes, Francis Pondit R Sangma received 373 votes and NOTA received
He also paid tribute to the founders of the Seng Khynnah such as Mrs. Litidora Lyngdoh Nongpiur, who is the founder of the Seng Khynnah, Rgh Bhiren Sing Thangkhiew who have passed away and then to the founders of the Seng Khynnah. Rgh Spiton Kharakor, who continued the field laid by his predecessors in order to gather together the children from an early age to know and understand the traditional religion better.
He was released on bail from the Court of ADM, Khliehriat despite the request of the police not to grant any bail to him. you are involved because you have completed the investigation.
Dorothy is the daughter of Bah Oris Suchiang and Kong Milian Lyngdoh, who is 63 years old and has eight children. died and now there are only 7 cases.
