Gas Cylinder-Oxygen CylinderAll the time, people around the country have been carrying the top four gas cylinders to clean them.
Speaking on the occasion, Rahul recalled that his mother and father also loved the North East and that is why he wanted to spend more time in the North East. to understand the culture and customs of Meghalaya.
We must explain.
During the invasion, the Kachari chiefs were expelled from there and fled to the hills of the Jaintia Hima and settled under the rule of the Jaintia chiefs.
Dr.P Nongtdu as the chief guest in his speech said that it is necessary to be farsighted and wise to care for and preserve the environment.
The arrested KCP member was identified as Angom Ibochouba Singh (43).
“The Minister should know that ASHAs do not receive payment if women give birth in private hospitals, but only if women give birth in government hospitals,” she said.
In March past, Nolikata High School, Ranikor came in first place, followed by Nibon Lower Primary School, Ranikor in second place and Nolikata Upper Primary School, Ranikor in third place.
The Kokrajhar-Gelephu Railway will connect to Bhutan.
The meeting was held with the aim of reducing child mortality through vaccination for children under 0 to 5 years and also for poor mothers under the Intensified Mission Indradhanush 5.0 Round from November 11 to November 15, 2023.
It was also suggested that the use of old designs along with new designs for the local fabrics will increase the marketability of these fabrics.
Aditya Chodhary (63 runs off 52 balls) and Saurab Deb (58 runs off 45 balls) were the players who played well to improve the team's runs.
The award was presented by Dr. Vinay Kumar Sharma, Deputy Secretary, Urban Affairs and Executive Officer, Shillong Municipal Board. October 1, 2023.
The match, which was played in Cuttack, started on Thursday, with Meghalaya winning the toss and not owning the first ball.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck and taken them to CHC Mairang for post mortem. The investigation into the driver of the truck will continue. still going on.
Thousands of people, including the rape victim of Heprit in Lad Mawrong, took to the streets to demand immediate arrest and severe punishment. Elders, women, youth and school children, in which they expressed their strong opposition to this incident and urged the law enforcement authorities to arrest immediately and punish The police have strongly condemned the suspect who is still on the run and has not been arrested by the police.
Shillong, Naitung 19: In this era of government jobs, except for a few jobs, thousands of applicants have flocked.
Regarding this article, the HYC Nongthymmai under the leadership of President Bryanmazer Dkhar said that this is a misrepresentation of the Khasi language and warned that from now on any articles written in the Khasi language will be published. They should be meaningful and well-founded writings, the party reminded that if the language lives, the nation also lives.
He said that the election of office bearers in the new VEC is based on the failure of the former Secretary of the VEC Wahlang to implement the jobs that should have been received from the schemes.
It is also the largest of all the vegetables.
“Many employees have been serving as casuals for many years, but the government has not taken any decision to strengthen us. "It's not right," he said.
Shillong: U Titos Chyne, Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that the preparations for the mid-term elections are in full swing. Metbah Lyngdoh MLAs and MDCs have turned around in all parts of Shella Constituency.
He said that his departure from the NPP at the last minute had a bad feeling.
How sad it is to think of those who have fallen into the trap of drug addiction not only affecting themselves but the whole family because they are in a dark life.
The police have donated food items to the poor families, especially during this time of closure of markets and shortage of food items in the rural areas. stay at home and go to work.
It is also called the 'Land of the Gods'
The union demands that the government should upgrade this school to an Upper Primary School and also demands that the government should also look after the schools in the rural areas for the benefit of the people and to upgrade the school to Upper Primary School. the education of the children of the whole state.
This time, the war is not only with the opposition parties but also with those in the government.
Think about the difference between the date and the almanac.
All the vehicles including heavy and small vehicles were stopped in the traffic jam. There were also many vehicles coming from other states, such as Assam, Manipur, Tripura, Mizoram and others. Although the vehicles have been able to travel slowly, the passengers are still in doubt as the condition of the National Highway in Narpuh is still causing problems to them. vehicles passing through this road and at any time traffic jam may occur.
Mawkyrwat, November 19: The MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, today inaugurated the Assembly Hall of Nongbrei-Nongdom Village, which is about 20 km from Mawkyrwat. Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Village Ministers and others.
He said that this incident has affected them as MLAs and for that reason he urged the department to come up with a reply to convince the people about the lack of money in these areas. the last two years.
The SP said the bodies of Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta were found in Ichamati and Dalda areas and preparations for the post mortem are underway.
The decline in employment in the state and the country is not because the people do not need but education has not opened the door for those who are rich, those who are willing and eager to use their talents.
The urgent cleaning was carried out in the MES areas between Lower Nongrim and Demseiniong.
On the other hand, former Chief Minister Salseng C Marak said that the Board has no authority but is only a body to advise the government on any matter.
If you have a good r'ta, you will have a good r'ta.
When asked, Pala, who is also MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, said, “The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, is a leader who understands the work well. I don't know if you're asking for money like other Ministers of the Government”.
Dr WR Kharlukhi said that it is necessary to use the right strategies and methods, even if it is in synrop with the households of the CM in order to achieve the goal.
The Ri-Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RIWWE) has sought information on the incident.
What can be done when the parents of the children have paid money for the schools? Government, don't allow schools that do too much and don't want to work together for the good of all.
“Don't cry anymore, Kongthei.
Along the way some will criticize and criticize, but take the criticisms as warnings to keep building the foundation.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has confirmed the leaders of two units, the KSU Umtngam Unit and the KSU Tyrso Unit. KSU Raid Nongtung Circle and are the villages most affected by the Assam border crossing.
Shillong, March 6: U Minister of Housing, Zenith Sangma, on Tuesday said that before the elections, the government will distribute 3 aluminum tins each to poor families. The price of these tins is T.8200 per month.
Jowai, June 13: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today under the leadership of President Samla Leoferdinand Suiam together with members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HNYM) West Jaintia Hills District, visited the employees of Shangpung. Distribution Sub-Division to demand the fencing of the transformer which is located on the roadside near the house in Khonshnong.
New Delhi: Pakistan has used drones to smuggle weapons across the India-Pakistan border, Jammu and Kashmir police said.
He announced that in the next three years, nearly T.1000 crore will be allocated for the construction of sports facilities across the state.
However, as it is now, the BJP's wings are not strong enough.
“Mukul Sangma signs agreement with the rebels to occupy our land” After the spread of the map showing the proposal for Garo Land, many of the land in Khasi-Jaintia Hills has been included within the border of the Garo Hills which reaches Umiam, Mawiong and many places in West and South West Khasi Hills has also spread rumors that this is the map proposed by the ANVC. Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that it is here that it will become clear that the people in power or those leaders have become the auctioneers of the country and the nation.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC), said that the government will not hesitate to implement the resettlement of the Harijans living in Mawlong Market.
Guwahati: Hindi filmmaker Karan Johar has been charged by the All Kalita Students Union on 14th November 2018 for insulting the traditional dress of the North East.
Now tag these cleanser on your face and rub for a while using fingers and leave for about 20 minutes and then rinse with soap.
When thew the lynter or pyngkiang, thew thew DIENGDANG, especially the land.
Therefore, I don't want to be slow.
The change of color was discovered at 9:30 am this morning.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has declared Nongmynsong-Umkdait, Mawlai Mawdatbaki, Mawshbuit Nongrim and Sohiong Krang as the worst affected areas due to the outbreak of African Swine Flu. they don't have a pig's disease.
He said that this violence by a few people has angered many people and is against the violence by the Paiem, which is also in violation of Section 16(1) of the Act. of Hima Mylliem 2007.
Sohra, has remained the highest rainfall area so far, as it reached 1563.3mm on 16th July
That is three months before the end of the last month of the year.
Conrad said that as the Prime Minister, he will discuss many issues with the Defense Minister.
Because it was because of the failure of (L) Maieit Hoipngstone to include Langpih Sector in the Census and Electoral Roll of the United Khasi Hills, during his tenure as MLA/MDC from 1962 to 71 and MDC from 1958-1967 1967 to 1971 and was also an Executive Member in charge of the Inter District Boundary during the rule of the Assam government.
“Therefore, the HPC will hold another meeting with all the residents of Them Iew Mawlong to discuss the current meeting before meeting with the state government,” said Gurjit Singh.
However, the Residency was damaged beyond repair in the earthquake of
Before Dimas, there was a five-year-old child, Ardiansyah, who was stabbed in the head in East Sepaso Village while he was sleeping.
So shall it be with those who marry sisters, and the children shall call them both Mother.
“There are many educated youth, but they don't get jobs and when we are in any party we should take this into account and since 2013 there are no more children, Why can't we produce IAS from our Khasi? It is our responsibility to create a way to help produce IAS from this. you constituency”.
Henderson spent last season on loan at Forest, although he was seen at Carrington at the start of the training programme, but is expected to complete The club have joined the City Ground for £20m.
On 28th October, the NHIDCL had lodged a complaint in the High Court alleging that the delay in the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road is due to lack of land. to construct this road and also the increasing infiltration of civil society organizations which has led to the contractors to flee from this area and leave behind the work which they have been contracted to do.
The Deputy Commissioner has requested the residents who have not yet been vaccinated to come forward to vaccinate on the 20th and 21st December 2021 at the above mentioned places.
The seriously injured include Iarliss Kharraswai, 45, Nancy Marwein, 60, and they were rushed to Shillong for further treatment. The injured were sent to CHC Mawkyrwat for treatment.
After the NPP announced CB Syiem as its candidate from Nongpoh, CB Syiem will contest against Rona Khymdeit, the incumbent MDC of Nongpoh and Balajied. Rani, the MDC candidate of the Congress Party.
“A meeting has also been called for a consultation on this.
The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday ordered that it is not permissible to smuggle illegally mined coal into dewbilat or coke factories in the state.
DM Thappa said that NEIGRHIMS is in talks with the Meghalaya government, NESAC and the North Eastern Council (NEC) to fund the project to deliver medicines to the people. .
Speaking to media, Shulletm said that the allegation against him is surprising because it came a few days after the party, which Shullett led. He said that all these allegations against him are groundless, because according to the allegation against him, he has awarded the tender to the MeECL. IS Enterprise, on the other hand, said that he did not receive any information about these tenders being announced through websites.
Replying to a supplementary question by Dr Amapreen Lyngdoh MLA, the Minister of Home Affairs said that there is a 10% quota for women in the police force and if there are better ones, there is no difference. .
In Umsawwar, the loss of one variety has had a significant impact on the yield of this variety due to climate change.
During the meeting, a report from the state government on the water supply in Shillong was also received.
Shillong: Two new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Ahmedabad: The Civil Hospital has been criticized for handing over the body of a coronavirus patient to his family.
"“The NPP is opportunistic and irresponsible.
Mairang is one of the districts in Ri Khasi with the largest number of Warjri parakurs, and they have demanded the establishment of more branches to transport their parakurs across the region.
The JMB has also collected tax through the Dorbar Shnongs at the rate of 30 tyngka per household and this has been increased to 50 tyngka this month. There are also those who have not yet paid this tax.
In Umiam, the rainfall was 8.8mm today, while today, it was bniop bniop.
She said that the new courses introduced at the ITI are on the course mason and the courses in office assistant and computer operator.
The Minister of Education, Assam, Ranoj Pegu, this month announced that two well-known colleges in Assam will be allowed to be upgraded to the status of state universities.
When there is a strong opposition, it prevents the government from doing such things against the people, otherwise the government will do whatever it wants.
If they go to school outside their place of residence, they will not get any documents, copies, clothes and they have to buy themselves,” said Bah Thangkhiew. teachers if they are not doing their job properly and if there are teachers who are not qualified, parents or anyone can complain against those teachers and they will lose their jobs directly without apology because it is the law.
Besides these officers, B.Pariong, Accountant cum District Consultant, DSBMG, West Khasi Hills District, several leaders from the three blocks including Mawthadraishan, Nongstoin and Mawshynrut C&RD Block were also present.
Replying to a question, Prestone said that he has not only attended the NPP meeting today but has also attended other places. I went around the NPP meetings, there is no more secret games, everything is clear, the only thing left is for me to resign, the High Command in Delhi also knows that if I want to be punished, they should. tormented since when" he said.
On the allegation and according to the complaint, that the 9 people of Thyllaw have complained against the people of Mawlongbna, that it is the Syiem and the Rangbah Shnong who have led them; The Rangbah Shnong and the Longkmie denied that the Syiem was present on that day; The Rangbah Shnong, who is in Shillong, said that on receiving information about the incident, the police have been waiting for the Rangbah Shnong to return from Shillong. .
The woman lived, slept and ate and drank with these dogs.
The KSU Narpuh Circle has given only 24 hours to the company to dismiss these two persons.
It is clear that the people wanted the ethnic parties to form a government but the opportunity was not opened at all as the HSPDP quickly joined the NPP and after a few days, the UDP, the The PDF has also refused to form a government with the NPP, which has been in power for five years and has been accused of corruption.
In the first match, Sohphoh beat Namdong 5-3 by tie breaker.
Besides the inauguration of the Ri Muliang C&RD Block, the Chief Minister's Program through FOCUS and FOCUS+, YESSS, NRLM CIF, Rabi Seeds & Bio Chemical Fertilizers was also distributed.
Bahujan Samaj leader Mayawati said she was concerned about the damage and destruction of many structures due to heavy rains in many parts of the country. .
Police have registered a case against them at Nongpoh Police Station under Section 120B/121A R/w 10/13/18 UA(P) Act and 5/6 of the Act. Explosive Substance Act.
This is strictly illegal according to the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous Hills Act,
The policy also empowers the CBC to register Digital Media Agencies to promote its information dissemination through various channels.
“It will force us to hold sudden protests against government ministers and ruling MLAs during any public meeting,” he said.
Other speakers included Fabiola Rupa Dhar, Muktiar, Leslymon Dhar, Adviser LLKD Jaintia, DB Dhar, Doloi Nartiang District.
Referring to the various programs sent by the government authorities in Delhi, he urged them to take action as action encourages good deeds and helps to develop a healthy and happy society.
“I will also take Balat as a top priority from other parts of the state in bringing in schemes to help this village,” he said. sympathy with the people of this area.
They have posted their stories on their social media handles.
John said that he has decided to raise money to help these children by performing magic in front of the people in Khyndailad and they will not be charged, but he will raise money as much as they are willing to donate.
Shillong: Four masked men with firearms have raided Pormawlein village in Shallang Police Station, West Khasi Hills District on 30th June. 35 years from his home.
“What is surprising is that Amit Shah said that five states have agreed to make Hindi compulsory but when I turned to the officers of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE), they said no. don't get any information about it.
If it is wrong, do what you should not do.
Shillong: The book Ryngngi – A Collection of Poems, written by Pynbhalang Mawleiñ, was launched today by Prof.SS Majaw, who was the chief guest.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul said the government will send an inquiry into the RTI findings on the misuse of salaries. There is only one name without a job as found in the RTI and the Thma u Rangli (TUR).
On the other hand, KSU Laskeiñ Circle strongly opposes the intimidation of the Meghalaya government because instead of protecting our fellow citizens, they live in block-1, but it seems that it has not ignored them, even our fellow citizens. The residents of the Meghalaya government have expressed their strong opposition to the actions of the Meghalaya government because they did not know that they would be immediately attacked by the Assam government one day if the Meghalaya government had not agreed with the party. Meghalaya Government should set up a Police Outpost in Khatkasla or Psiar otherwise there is no need for a Police Outpost in Block-1
"If you look at the legends of where the Khasi came from, the answer is that the Khasi came from 12 years ago. If you ask why the Khasi don't have literature, the answer is that the Khasi had thrown away the book while he was not rynieng the river.
The meeting urged all the Hima and Elaka to finalize all their laws and send them to the Executive Committee of KHADC for recognition of their laws so that there will be no problems. after.
The last one is the lack of cold storage.
This is wrong and for this reason, the government has issued a strict order that the DSC or MPSC should release the candidates who pass according to the vacancies,” he said.
While police were patrolling a house of a Hindu man, a mob took advantage of the situation by burning and destroying many other houses nearby. In the incident, 29 houses, 2 shops and 20 skum of rice were burnt down in Majhipara village.
In the meeting conducted by Bah BS Syiem, who is also the Syiem Khynnah of Raid Mawbuh, he spoke about the views of many people from different villages in Umroi Constituency on the issue of decline in economic development and political stability.
He praised the city of Indore for its good management of the urban area.
The suspect cut the throat of the suspect and when blood came out, he drank the blood, which flowed from the throat of the suspect, and the incident was recorded on video. the mobile of one of the friends of the victim.
The quake struck west of the city of Oaxaca and about 430 kilometers north of Mexico.
According to the SP of East Khasi Hills, Mariahom Kharkhrang, the arrested include Pynshai Rani, who has been arrested by MPDA and has committed more than 20 crimes, Gulshan Masi, head of Local. Taxi (ML 05 E 2782) , Amar Deb Burman of Lumparing, Pyndngen Kurbah of Pomblang, Labhor Lyngdoh of Golf Club, Mawpun, and Kostar Marngar of Pomblang.
Shillong, March 08: The Special Investigating Team (SIT) has said that the Sub-Inspector of Patharkhmah Police Outpost, Bah PJ Marbaniang, has threatened to commit suicide.
He said that as an MLA, he will continue to promote sports in the region and the state as a whole.
Col.
It's a joyful, happy New Year. Chi-iaw, chi-iaw until wache.
The UDP said it is the ABCD of the Mukul government, in which A means 'Accused', B means 'Black-listed', C means 'Charged' sheeted and D stands for Discredited.
At the same time, the CM also took the opportunity to urge the residents to take responsibility for the supply of water to their homes. that the Government will not allow any mining, quarrying and other activities near the catchment areas in order to protect the water sources.
However, at this time when the state is in a state of emergency, there are also people who take advantage of this disease by spreading false news. Many people are afraid especially on social media.
In addition, the union has decided to urge the State Government not to implement the Reservation Roster from the year the Reservation Policy comes into force.
The KSU has appealed to the people from commercial vehicle drivers and residents to temporarily stop driving while the meeting is ongoing.
He said that the best treatment to avoid diseases affecting the blood vessels, is that it does not cost even a penny because if you exercise by spending only half an hour every morning, you will Therefore, you must be free from these diseases that can affect the blood vessels.
Nongpoh: A truck carrying timber has stopped for several hours on the road leading to Patharkhmah, Ri Bhoi Sepngi. between the road and which has caused the residents to wait for many hours, until the timber truck passed.
The loan is up to Rs.10000/ (shiphew thousand) tyngka and the borrowers can repay the loan within 10 years and can also repay the loan before the end of 10 years.
He also urged the shopkeepers to be disciplined and respectful of the used me shopkeepers so that the Dorbar Shnong has informed the market dwellers and shopkeepers to work together according to the instructions of the community.
Lambor has ordered the Director of Urban Affairs to clean up or remove the damaged vehicles within 10 days so that the parking lot can be cleared to allow others to park.
However, as soon as the vote was cast, the people were very excited.
The Prime Minister was briefed on the forecast for the temperature from June to July, 2024 including the forecast for the hot season (June to July), the threats posed by the increase in Heat waves across the country, especially in the most affected areas of Central India and Western peninsular India.
Paliar said that her brother's incident was only because he wanted to steal one of her land in the village (Mawthir).
It is a great honor for one of the country's most famous hockey players, Rani Rampal, to become the first hockey player to win a stadium. in my name in Rae Bareli.
When we visited different villages in the state, we found that the residents have to wait for water for a long time every morning.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew, expressed his gratitude to the Ri Bhoi Synod officials for taking the initiative to conduct such trainings on cleanliness, which is also one of the issues. especially in all parts of the country, especially in relation to the goals set by the Central Government through the Swacch Bharat Mission.
We also encourage the Enforcement agencies not to be afraid when they fulfill their duties for the sake of the country and the people,” said the General Secretary of KHNAM, Bah Batkupar Wahlang.
Speaking at the meeting, Delina Khongdup, Member of the National Commission for Women, New Delhi, said that the increase in the number of fatherless women has increased. There are still days in the State.
Shah Mehmood Qureshi, who has contracted the disease, wrote on Twitter, “By the grace of Allah, I feel strong and strong and I will continue to do my job. , and housing.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle on Monday visited the office of the Town Committee under the jurisdiction of the JHADC. The morning of Khliehriat village, it was found that the office has turned into a house and there are no employees working in the office, as they have not received their salaries for 10 years.
Shillong: The deterioration of the road from Pump to Anjali, Mawlong Market etc. has stopped all the vehicles, especially commercial vehicles.
Umskun, near Pahamrioh, is one of the villages which has suffered from darkness for the past two months. The answer they received was not appropriate, said the NUYU, one of the civil society organizations in charge of the welfare of the Nonglyngdoh area.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation Western (RIF) today came out to discuss the border settlement issues between the Meghalaya and Assam governments. He urged the Government of Meghalaya not to take any wrong decisions in this matter and to take a thorough path so that the land of Meghalaya should not go to Assam.
Laishnong HS School, Nongbareh beat Ladthadlaboh Secondary School 8-0
Allowing only one dynasty politic to hold the office of Khadar will endanger and harm the Constituency and the State as a whole.
In another match of the 3rd Division, Mawpat SC beat Kharang 2-0
There was a feeling of caution but when I took over this task to conduct the peace talks, until now I don't see any doubt or caution because the peace talks are going smoothly,” he said. concluded Bah Sadon Blah.
He said he will meet with the police department next week to review the situation and how to deal with it and what can be done.
“Will it benefit the Khasi and Jaintia people or will it be a threat to them?” asked Dr. Celestine. Miller Basaiawmoit's demand for a Reservation Policy is a threat to the people.
However, he said that they have many questions and they have requested that they will go and explain again and if they are not clear and doubtful they will come back.
The body of the child was identified as Samla Ahmed (16) of Wah Umiam, Ri-Bhoi district.
Commissioner/Commissioner of Income Tax.
The office was inaugurated by the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Mynsngat, Yooshida Nongspung in the presence of the Waheh Shnong of Khonsaro, Damonmi Dkhar, Secretary of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Mynsngat. The meeting was attended by the Waheh Shnong of Namdong.
Shanbor Sumer (UDP) –
The Prophet John said, “Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship therein.
This is because the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has failed to collect less than 40-50 tonnes of garbage per day.
Regarding the statement of the former Rangbah Shnong on the Khongsumi clan, the village has nothing to say because it is their personal matter, but the village knows that they are the inhabitants of the village of Nohwet.
The loss of the ATM machines has reached more than T.10 lakh.
The new office bearers of the Pyndenumiong Branch are Bah Watbor, President, Bah Bekshar Warjri and Bah John Genesis Warjri as Vice President, Bah Alexander R Warjri, General Secretary, Giman Warjri, Treasurer along with about 20 others. Six other office bearers including the leaders of all nine villages of Bir, Gate, Sangshong, Mawsawa, Langstiehrim, Umwiehsup, Block, Lummaralong and Lumiew.
For Infrastructure Development, T.1080 crore has been allocated for roads and bridges.
He said that as a Nongmihkhmat, he has a desire to preserve the ancient heritage in the area.
O R Shallam April 1, 2022 The social agreement on the border between Meghalaya and Assam in these days, on the one hand, I would like to congratulate all those who have taken part in this issue which has affected them. residents of both sides.
For example, whitening of the teeth, pink and healthy gums without bleeding when sneezing, a mouth that does not swell and the absence of teeth from infection are all signs. signs of a healthy mouth and proper oral hygiene.
She said that there are people from all over the village and area where she lives who come to ask for help to give birth and sometimes she has to go even at night to ask for help. task.
“These political appointees are only a threat to the people and it is a waste of money because the government has failed to provide the right services to the people,” he said. said.
“This means that we need to look at the history to see the right to land according to the inheritance received from our ancestors,” said Dr Mukul.
Therefore, that the Chief Minister of the State, has said these words, has put us in great surprise.
The tournament will be a T20 match.
When the day came for the burial of Rida, although the manner of her death was unpleasant; but he came and buried me with a great multitude.
The Rangbah Shnongs of these four villages include Linshon Mukhim, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlen-II, Bah Browel Khymdeit, Rangbah of Pantalu, Bah Phrian Khymdeit, Rangbah of Umshatri and Bah Edrolin Saring. Mawlen-I and other village leaders today met with the KSU leaders to submit a petition to the KSU to talk to the Meghalaya government that these four villages should be included in the in the state of Meghalaya.
He said the government has built 5000 IT Park seats in the first phase and about 8000 seats in this year and the target is to build 30,000 seats in the IT sector to attract investment. foreign currency.
“My work speaks louder than my words in these 10 months, the people have got roads, personal assistance, MLA schemes have also run and flowed,” he said. He added that in this MDC election, the people are with us and trust us.
Today's match will be between Umsohsun SC and Mawklot SC at 5:30 pm.
Justice Mittal has awarded the D Vishwa Trophy to Diya Chitale in memory of Tamil cricketer Vishwa Deenadayalan who passed away in a car accident at Shangbala, Ri-Bhoi.
For the second time, Barack Obama won the presidential election in the United States. In his public speech in Chicago, he said, “.
However, the Council would like to inform that the Regional Committees of both the States do not have enough experts from various departments to look into the history of both the States, and also that the Regional Committees have refused. to resolve the disputed areas by looking back at the history related to the indigenous people living in the disputed areas.
“I think we should strive to work together to set a goal and look again to empower the ethnic parties,” said Bah Paul.
It has also been found that this is the cause of instability (as in many Southeast Asian countries, and also in our state of Meghalaya). food groups such as the IFS including the Rep shyrtie.
On the other hand, KHNAM MDC Bah Adelbert Nongrum has vowed to go to court if the government proceeds with the implementation of the division of constituencies.
These sites have been constructed under the auspices of the Central Government through the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT) and through the Special Urban Work Program State Scheme at a cost of RS.70,00,000/- (T.Hynñiew). phew lakh) which was suggested, approved, approved and opened by Bah Sanbor.
They don't have the words of true leaders but they speak instead of words of nonsense and nonsense.
Dr War said the 31 people who died of Covid-19 were people with chronic diseases (COMORBIDITIES) and their deaths were due to the severity of the disease they have already suffered along with the infection with the Corona Virus.
Mamata said that if the TMC comes to power, the same development works that the TMC has done in West Bengal will be done in Meghalaya and only this party can turn the state around. Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Bright MLA Mawlai gave a speech of encouragement and blessed the Circle to continue to grow stronger in the work of the party and to develop the Circle. region and the country and nation as a whole.
Regarding the statement of the ANVC(B), the party would like to inform them that they should immediately stop the violence within the border of Khasi Hills.
He said that at present, the villages in Mawhati area fall under three C&RD Block, namely Umsning, Umling and Bhoirymbong which is far away especially those villages which are on the border with the Mawhati area. state of Assam.
In Burma, too, after the arrival of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, Japan was still fighting against the British and Indian troops.
The Government has also decided to review the activities and the need for equipment.
Such languages ​​cannot be accurately claimed as indigenous or common languages ​​because there are no exact sources to confirm this.
The Director promised to ensure that action is taken on this issue so that the school can reopen in the new year.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle led by its President KS Suchiang on 8th July met with the family members of (L) Chiang Dhar from Umkiang who was killed by the Bangladeshis.
Referring to the Minister's statement that those who do not agree with the Roster System should appeal to the Court, he said that the Seng believes that this is the last resort if the government orders to listen to the opinion. of me.
We cannot ignore the fact that in Meghalaya, those who live well and earn a living are government employees, contractors, suppliers, businessmen and factory owners but the farmers are the most discriminated against. in society.
The state government through the General Administration Department (GAD) has started looking for land for the construction of the Meghalaya House in Karnataka.
In West Garo Hills, there are 12 new cases, including 8 civilians.
The Behdienkhlam festival will start from 6th to 9th November
West Garo Hills has 25 cases, West Jaintia Hills 20 cases, 11 cases of ILI, 6 cases of high risk and 6 cases of West Khasi Hills.
Dinar was released from Baghmara, South West Garo Hills today.
He said that if the Opposition wins, it will be a shame because the Congress cannot do anything and if the VPP wins, it will be a loss for the state.
On the other hand, the CEM said that they have spoken clearly at the meeting after the issuance of the circular on the Act, that if any bank continues to reject the application. The Council shall take the necessary action under the Non-Tribal Regulation Act, and shall close down such banks.
It is sad that the dignity of a person should be defamed in this way,” he added.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) on Tuesday said that the illegal entry of foreigners into the country through employment, self-employment, sports and other activities is like She said that these foreigners who have illegally entered the country have robbed the milk of the owner of the house. “If there is no proper law to prevent the illegal influx of foreigners,” said the union.
There are many talented young players who have come to participate, and in my opinion they need some facilities whether in terms of venues and equipment from the government so that they can get “I'm going to play chess in this tournament,” said 30-year-old Atanu Das, a two-time World Cup gold medalist.
He said the EC will conduct a raid to expel these smugglers.
He said that the MRSSA which we have sent to the Governor has been amended to allow the Village Authorities and VDPs to be in charge of the villages because the Village Authorities are They are easy to detect if people smuggle into the state and have the power to request the documents of those people who enter the state.
The story goes that one of the mothers of the brothers, Iawren and Iawlar, named Reitlang, shot a sword from a place called Pohlong which is to the west of this village. He fled far away and landed at Pyndenwahkha in the east and took over this land between Pohlong and Pyndenwahkha.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Meghalaya, said that as a sign of commemorating the 50th anniversary of Meghalaya, the South West Khasi Hills District Planning Officers through the Finance Department together with the Government have decided that before the end of November this year they will issue a Notification. Sngap Syiem College will become a Community College or People's College and hopefully the implementation of this will be of benefit and peace to the parents. and it shall also be a joy in walking, standing and especially in the human being that the children will continue their education.
Once in government, it means that the government should be both for those who vote for it and for those who do not vote for it.
There are hundreds of illegal sawmills in West Jaintia Hills which are also owned by MLAs/MDCs.
Those who don't work here don't check well,,,,,,,and I'm sure many of them have entered in other days,,,,,,,,,,,torti way check Jong that.
Nongpoh: The FKJGP Mawhati Circle has issued a notice to the village leaders from different villages in Mawhati Constituency, who have had difficulty in driving to Umsning C&RD Block. They demanded that the state government should set up its own C&RD Block in this constituency.
In the remaining elections in Sohiong, only the UDP candidate has been able to file his nomination papers, while other parties or candidates have not been able to file their nomination papers. June, 2023, they have been confirmed in accordance with the election rules.
The disease is considered to be severe and is H1N1 influenza A virus (Category A).
Law enforcement agencies such as the police who have the right to investigate incidents can better explain why those perpetrators are brave or reluctant to commit crimes.
The Rangbah Shnong Rangbah Kur early in the morning brought the knife and the knife.
On the other hand, the police of the Hima Mylliem have driven away the residents of the square and many of them have complied, but there are some who have resisted. of the District Administration.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded the appointment of a radiologist or sonologist at Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong.
[continued page 7]Earlier the traffic was still good with a maximum of about 30 vehicles per day.
Sohniamtra from Pyndensohsaw village has been exported to Mawsynram, Shillong, Balat and Bangladesh through the Border Haat but now there are only a few farmers who are still farming due to the increasing death toll from the disease.
Therefore, as the organization which monitors the safety of women and children, it requests the relevant authorities to take action to work with the Rajasthan government for the safety of women. I (L) Walinda Binong (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) to get justice for this death which has brought great shock to all.
Handilson Majaw played with the football stars of that time like Shlur Nongbri, George Lyngdoh, Shering Kurbah, Tomlin Lamre and others.
He said that even so, there are still some tins that have not been lighted due to the strong wind.
Ammonia, phosphate and nitrate are not available.
Shillong, November 2: The people of Laitkroh MDC constituency have expressed their opposition to the Delimitation Committee.
However, until now, no farmers have been able to export biscuits to Bangladesh, but they import them only in Assam and within the state.
It is truly amazing and unbelievable that anyone or anything would know in advance what is going to happen or really happen in their lives especially regarding their death or departure from the pages of this world.
It is for this reason that even the small farmer and the small farmer have the opportunity to work and cultivate or earn their right to support their families and to support themselves.
He also expressed the hope that in the coming years, the university will enroll students who are full citizens of the state.
" said Mr. Shanbor and Mrs. Lumspah.
With this victory, Ladrymbai have secured their place in the quarterfinals of the tournament.
He encouraged them to continue learning and to train themselves in the line of work.
One in 50 Englishmen has the disease and there are currently 26,467 people in hospital, but in some parts of the UK, where The number of tests, including London, is believed to have been one in 30, from 27 November 2020 to 2 July
Keep these things away from children.
According to Paul, the building code will not be taken over by MUDA but the EC will consider it.
When things like this happen, a lot of times people blame each other.
Shaiñkorlang Nongsiej is the President and SK Budnah is the Secretary. Shidalin Marngar is the President and Luckydora Lyngkhoi is the Secretary and the Secretary is Luckydora Lyngkhoi. There are 5 Joint Secretaries, 12 Joint Secretaries, Treasurer Phuhsyntiew K. Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary Kyrmenlin Lyngkhoi, Organizing Secretary Milliancy Wanniang, Advisers , and Bah Karnatic Lyngdoh along with 9 members.
The US Department of Defense said that with the new aid package, all the aid the US has sent to Ukraine since the beginning of the war in June 2022 has reached to $37.6 billion in total.
There is no great difference in the way of worship.
The women's organizations that attended the meeting include Jaiaw Langsning Women's Wing, Laitkor Women's Wing, Jaiaw Laitdon Women's Wing, Mawpat Pyllun, Meghalaya Women's Alliance, Riatsamthiah Women's Wing, Women's Wing, Madan Riat Laban Women's Wing. ,MSCW, KWWKJA, Mission Compound Women's Wing, Wahingdoh Women's Wing, Support Group for Women and others.
The Ri Khasi Press, Mawkhar is the first publishing house in Khasi Hills and this was also started by himself, so that it can disseminate information about the Khasi people through the Khasi people and not through the Khasi people. the French.
They also thanked all the supporters of the film in the state, the region and especially those from Jaintia Hills.
Other speakers included Bah P Marwein Secretary PWD who explained the inauguration of the road, Bah R Kharmujai Chairman Mawlai Town Dorbar, Bah BL Buam Additional Director General of Police. Additional Chief Secretary RV Suchiang, officers and officials of Mawlai Village Council were also present.
These women were judged by three judges including Mrs. Asia 2015 Nupur Saigal, 1st Miss Ri Bhoi Samaria Pathaw and 2nd Runners Up Miss Winter Queen 2015 Eve Syiemlieh.
In another Group-B match held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai, the Sein Pynbhalang and Youth Club team lost again for the second time after being defeated. They won 4-1 goals.
“The arrest of our members will not discourage us, but will encourage many members to do this,” said a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait of the Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) has applied for ticket for the MP election in June. Syrpailin Sohlang, former Sordar of Markasa Village, said that the government has decided to turn its attention to the mother.
He said that the opposition of the people is strong this time for Conrad and for that reason he is confident of winning again this time.
"“The experience of making such films is a life-changing one.
BJP MDCs Lakhon Biam, Krison Langstang and Dawan Lyngdoh today 12.06.2020, as a sign of commemoration of the 136th Birthday of Rev.James Joy Mohan Nichols Roy, Architect of the District Council Autonomy and the father of the Sixth Schedule to protect the minorities, laid wreaths at his memorial, located in ground floor of the office of the JHADC.
We should not say there is no time, we should make time.
In a more detailed survey, it was found that 56% of women in the North East have or are affected by the disease in the areas of waste production.
Speaking at the meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Nongspung, Bah Mawlein said that his visit and the presence of the VDP members, elders The Sordar, the Village Authority and others who are responsible for the welfare of the village have encouraged us as those who look after the peace and order in this area. and their presence shows that they have a responsibility to build the village.
“Albendazole is safe for the prevention of fever which can be drunk with water,” said Dr Suchiang and advised school children between the ages of 1 up to 19 years of age to take this vaccine.
In the mixed doubles, Bantei Lyngdoh and Wandashisha Lyngdoh won the title while DrLL Mawsor and WL Nonglait won the runner-up title.
It is learned that the group of about 12 robbers blocked the road of the Alto 800 ML04B 9156 and bomb tied the vehicle.
Many of us, when the New Year comes, we make promises and resolutions that we will fulfill and do many things in this new year.
However, when speaking publicly, even Christian groups are referred to as religions. Some people say what religion you belong to, which means what church, such as the Catholic Church, Presbyterian Church, Church of God or various Fellowship Churches.
Answering a question, Bah Kharkrang said, “It is not a pleasant thing in terms of the nomination of candidates, but what is needed is to see whether we have the right candidate”.
In the second leg, Dulong beat Demthring 2-0 in a tie breaker.
The witnesses could not do anything to extinguish the fire.
They also provide assistance in case of damage to their crops and livestock.
In a recent inspection by this reporter, Khliehumwang Village, which has about 117 households, is a village inhabited by Khasi and is also one of the Khasi villages. The villages are very sensitive in terms of the infiltration of foreigners, but it is sad to hear about the problems faced by the people living in these villages and one of the The clearest evidence was after the Assam Police demolished the building of the SSA school in the village.
He stressed on the need for partnership between the private sector and experts as this could increase the market size to more than Rs 10 lakh crore.
“The Cabinet has decided that according to the MGNREGS rules, the contractors who have not received their salary after 15 days, will be paid based on the salary they should have received,” he said. Mukul Sangma after the Cabinet meeting.
More than 1500 votes from Mawdatbaki have been removed from Mawlai constituency out of the 6000 votes.
Commander Shangpliang also urged the farmers to set up units in every village across Khasi and Jaintia Hills so that they together with the Sengkmie can take up the issues of the farmers.
Such tournaments have not been held in the area in the past but the Krohiawhiar Football Club has taken the first step to hold such tournaments.
Neha Hajong scored 56 runs off 52 balls.
These aspects reflect States’ operational capabilities, the risks they face and the threats that exist.
Shillong, November 06: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the introduction of 500 and 1000 notes by the Central Government has affected the Congress especially the Ministers and MLAs. The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said, “It really affects the Congress”.
Bolsonaro, in a Facebook post, criticized Macron's 66-year-old wife.
The NDA coalition will also agree to form a government for the third time, after a key meeting at the residence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Aarushi Jain, Policy Director, Bharti Institute of Public Policy, explained about the Meghalaya Legislative Research Fellowship and its activities for the development of constituencies.
This not only benefits the health of the body but also helps to fight against many diseases such as colds, flu and can recover quickly from diseases.
The Court on Thursday heard a PIL filed by AH Hazarika on the unstable construction of the road.
Besides Lapang, other members of the committee are HDR Lyngdoh, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Deborah C Marak, Charles Pyngrope, Shitlang Pale, PW Muktieh and Habigel War.
Earlier, Pakistan had refused to return Abhinandan by plane and not from the Attari-Wagah border.
The destruction has affected the Dareng River which supplies water to Chokpot and other villages downstream.
At the request of the nurse, the robber did not touch or do anything wrong to her, but only took the money of the nurse which was about T.2,0 he also threatened to come back if she told anyone about the incident.
There have been reports that Phungting Shimrang may be in Yunnan province in China to seek assistance in the fight against the Indian government.
This is the misconception of those who oppose the ILP and those who support the mynder and khyllah jait to flow into Meghalaya at will.
The ruling NPP has denied the VPP's allegation by saying that the rules of procedure of the Lokayukta do not allow these officers to be in office, but have been shut down. hung shipor to them in the work.
Surjewala alleged that the discovery of these videos showed that there was a heavy extortion that night and alleged that this was money intended to deceive people, in order to They also demanded that a complaint be lodged against the Prime Minister, the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, the Deputy Chief Minister and the BJP leader, U.S. Taper Cow.
Answering a question, the Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies said that the government has no intention of eliminating the distribution of sugarcane to the people, but has temporarily suspended it because This distribution of sugarcane is a scheme of the state government and not of the central government.
According to a statement sent by the Public Relation Officer of the BSF, Shillong, it is alleged that the BSF patrolling near Umsyiem, have caught some people who were trying to go to the border with luggage.
(Read also “The Riti of the Forty Kings” – Ph.
Research in the Journal of Clinical Investigation could lead to a major change in treatment, says a UK scientist. Staphylococcal infections, such as MRSA (Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus), which are serious and can be fatal.
The protesters chanted slogans against the Prime Minister and the Manipur government in protest against the bloodshed.
The HNLC, through its General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, in a statement, said that these ksiang, should work together for the sake of peace and strong relations. , through the powers vested in them.
So this has led to misunderstanding.
When they plant like this, the distance from one kharai to another is about three and a half or four feet.
Also Read: God is Almighty, we should not be afraid of Coronavirus: Pastor Sohklet This program to educate the public to protect themselves from this disease is known as “BEYOND THE CALL OF DUTY”.
It seems that the French had left for a long time (since 15th August 1947) as it was time to bring back these areas under the authority of the Hima Mylliem and District Council.
Later, the ADG also met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Paghu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan, the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang and DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi.
Also present on the occasion were Johnfilter Lyngdoh Marshilong, President of the NPYF, South West Khasi Hills District and other office bearers of the NPYF. Mawthadraishan Hill, is a village famous for its beautiful tourist attractions.
He urged the government not to arrest people so that they can come forward to help in this incident and urged the government to allow the mining of coal so that such people can be saved. He also urged the government to provide the necessary equipment to rescue the people from the crematorium.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 15: The UHM Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of the President of the Circle, Stevenson Nongsiej, has found that the SSA school at Mawlai Umdang Mawshynrut has been destroyed. and the tables were broken down.
“If Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit feels that he is on the side of the victims, he should appeal against it,” said Bernita. to appeal immediately to the Supreme Court against the Job Reservation Policy.
May the commemoration of the 185th birth anniversary of the last Khasi independent Syiem who made himself famous in 2020 teach us that we should not be afraid of the spirit of rhah bor or sbai rupa. to follow the example of Syiem Tirot Singh and his followers to stand on the basis of righteousness and truth so that the powers of forty kinds cannot take advantage to deceive us with thoughts self-interest so that the future of our children and brothers and sisters will be secure for generations to come.
In the Shillong Parliamentary constituency, Pala could have won more if he had not joined the party.
Taking the first innings, BBS College set a target of 164 runs at the end of 20 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
One of the beneficiaries, Sharon D Sangma, said, “In 2018, the CEM has started an investigation into the ownership of the land. However, they have faced many difficulties due to lack of proper documents to prove their ownership, which has made it difficult to get electricity and water supply to their homes and other necessities.
He said the Civil Law covers religion, marriage, inheritance, divorce, property and others, so they have to be clearer on this before they say anything. .
When God will destroy the rule of man and the rule of the devil so that Jesus can begin his 1000 year reign here on earth and forever.
Furthermore, not only to celebrate the Day of Persons with Disabilities (PwDs) but also to open a market for the sale and purchase of self-produced goods. Help Groups (SHGs).
Jowai, November 19: Police from Umkiang Police Outpost have recovered the body of a woman from the roadside on the 14th of this month. The victim was identified as a foreigner between the ages of 30-35 years old and had a mental disability. They went around from Khliehriat to Rattacherra.
At the meeting to mark the Voters' Day, several youths who have registered their names on the Voters' List were honoured.
He said that the Act was implemented in Manipur in November 1980 and at that time there were only four rebel groups. However, during the martial law, about 30 rebel groups have been arrested.
Speaking on the issue of education, he reminded that all citizens of the country have the right to education and this is also in accordance with the Constitution of India and It is the duty of the district authorities especially the education department to use the resources to improve education in the villages and in the district as a whole.
The Government has also appointed the Special Superintendent of Police (CID) as the Nodal Officer in the state and the SPs of the districts in each district to take the necessary action in this regard.
Hazard is currently in Baku for Tuesday night's Europa League final.
He said that as the people we have witnessed that in the past few days that the temperature has increased from one time to another, but when we investigate on this issue it is our own fault because we The enemy has destroyed the environment by cutting down trees without thinking, and without thinking for the future generation.
The second reason may be that the officer issued the show cause notice on the orders of those in power or politicians who are in trouble.
At the same time, the KSU has urged the students who have already sent their marksheets for the year 2019 to come and collect their awards on 22nd November.
However, the Government of Meghalaya cannot meet all the shortcomings.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya has strongly criticized AICC President Rahul Gandhi for alleging that the BJP is buying churches and the votes of the people of Meghalaya in this election.
He said that the rapid increase in the number of cases of Niangkulia has been excessive, as Meghalaya has now ranked fourth in India, after Nagaland and Mizoram came first.
In the U-17 boys' category, East Jaintia Hills Presbyterian High School beat Nilwagre High School 2-1 Rangthong Christian Hr Sec School beat South West Khasi Hills 5-0, Assam Rifles Public School beat West Garo Hills Dobasipara Sec School 2-1 They beat East Garo Hills 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Sniawbhalang said the demand of the Harijans for a land of up to 200 sq meters and a fee of 20 lakh tyngka for each unit is impossible because it is a high demand.
Speaking to reporters after filing his nomination papers, Khyriem said that the departure of the Congress MLAs will not affect the Congress as they leave themselves and come with others.
Jowai : VDPs of Priang village near Iooksi and WJH police have arrested a suspect involved in the rape and murder of a 5 year old girl.
On the other hand, the union urges all the owners of car manufacturing and welding factories in West Jaintia Hills district to build a well to dispose of their waste otherwise the union will take another route. harder.
The book “Khmih Pynor- Ka Thup ki Poetry” contains eighty-seven (87) poems in their original forms.
East Garo Hills SP Davies Marak said police conducted a raid after receiving a tip-off that the militants were hiding in Mikilsimgre village.
Nongpoh, Nailur 14: The Society for Action in Community Health (SACH) today handed over a Umdiker LP & UP School has been handed over to the school authorities after completing the renovation.
In Nartiang constituency, Pala received 14,773 votes while Dr. Sniawbha Dhar received 14,773 votes. Mawthoh received 8584 votes, BJP candidate Sanbor Shulla received 311 votes, independent candidate Romeo Phira received 149 votes and independent candidate Samuel Hashah received 45 votes. Independent candidate Bah TH Bonney received 45 votes while 49 votes were cast for NOTA.
The JHDS has inaugurated the Farmer's Market Center at Mihmyntdu in West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday.
Mylliem will also be one of the constituencies where the contest will be very interesting as the contest will be between all three major parties, namely between the NPP candidate who is also an MLA who has resigned from the PDF. Hamlet Dohling, Mylliem MDC Ronnie from the Congress and Laban MDC from the UDP ticket. Speaking of the Trinamool Congress, the party has 12 MLAs. Starting now, it seems that the number of people has decreased after the news that even those who have entered are planning to leave.
These words of Bah Titus remind us of the words of Julius Caesar when he was appointed by his fellow members of the Senate in 44 BC in a place known as the “Theatre of Pompey”.
“We will set up a Joint Management Committee to ensure that the market, the oldest market, will be beautiful,” said Chief Executive Member of KHADCu Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
These office bearers of the RBYF Umden Circle were confirmed at Umden Nongtluh village and the leaders of the RBYF Umden Circle were confirmed. Umsning Circle and other village leaders of the area.
The registration fee for the players will be T.20 individually and T.100 for a team.
Sansumwi Khungri Basumatary has been selected for the Nobel Prize in Bodo.
I also send a message to our descendants to follow the example set by our ancestors to preserve the 'Knup' culture and to preserve it from generation to generation to show the world that the village Ours is the only one in the Maram area which produces Knup every year during the rainy season.
Shri.Jeremias Kharbani, Headmaster, Mangsang Secondary School, East Garo Hills 9.
And before this there will be a covenant between the last ruler and Israel.
In the U-18 (Women), Anuska Majhong (high jump), Joytiful Narlong (long jump), Anrisha Klein (high jump) and Damika R Lyngdoh (100m & 200m) were the winners.
This is the reason why we have not cleansed ourselves.
“Go and file an FIR... Take these writings.
This was his sleeping place on the first night of his ouster from the post of President of the country.
When the people have elected a majority for any party to get the government, it is up to the government to look after and ensure the rights of us the people through the Constitution of India.
He said that the Central Agricultural University, which is also an educational institution that will help to provide education to the youth in the field of agriculture, is also one of the most prominent universities in the country. There are currently six Central Agriculture Universities in the North East, because through the existence of such Universities, it will help to improve all aspects of development in the country, especially in terms of agriculture. rep you ring.
According to information, the office of BDO Pynursla has already sent the letter to the Revenue Department of the DC Shillong for some time.
Rajendra Paul Gautam has been criticized for attending a conversion meeting held in recent days, in which Hindu gods were also insulted.
Furthermore, the PHE department also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions held by the department to mark the World Water Day in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The shooters of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (shooters) of Meghalaya have performed well and improved in this sport as witnessed at the Meghalaya Games which ended on Thursday. However, they played well despite being affected by the Covi-19 pandemic like other players.
This is the time to cleanse ourselves and turn back to God.
Speaking to reporters, some of the visitors said that Modi's visit has not brought any benefit but only the punishment of the people.
AIS Suja“By the rivers of Babylon” are the words that the whole world knows and hears because it is sung by the world's famous Boney-M singers, it is indeed the most beautiful song with music (musical) what's wrong.
In the evening, a cultural program on the theme “King Tirot Singh – The Hero of Khasi Hills” was held at Shegun Bagicha in Dhaka.
Speaking on the occasion, Nilesh Cabral, Minister of State for Goa, said that the country as a whole should develop and when the country develops, the people also develop in all aspects.
The suspect was arrested from Chandel district of Manipur and has been living in Nongthymai, Shillong for 17 years.
The film tells the story of a man who tries to kill those who broke into his house, stole his luxury car and killed his dog.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its deep anger over the infiltration of the Assam police into the border of the state. the contractor who is constructing the Kureliya Bridge on the Myntang River.
It is in this way that the forests grow and the plants grow.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President HYC Mawlai Circle said that these donations are not from the MP, MLA or MDC schemes but from the HYC. He said that other donors have come to donate and donate for the 2023 elections.
From what was seen from the traffic jam at Toll Plaza Pahammawlein 20mer, it was seen that it has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers and especially to those who have urgent work. They said that the NHAI should improve the implementation of these FASTags, as at present they are causing too much trouble to the passengers.
It is worth mentioning that the Catholic Church among the Khasi was first established by the German Fathers from the Salvatorian Congregation who arrived in Shillong on 27th June 1890 but due to the First War they had to leave. Shillong in 1915 and the Shillong Province at that time was governed by the Jesuit Fathers from Kolkata from 1915 to 1922 and Shillong was governed by the Salesians from 1922 to
Earlier, the cases of Meghalaya were heard by a Bench of the Gauhati High Court.
By: Dayoomonmi Bareh (Shiliangmyntang WJH)Your journey, my journey, In all these days,How have we spent them?From the beginning to the end.
“The government has no problem in implementing the ILP in the state, but what is needed is to wake up from the past,” said Bah Sadon K Blah of the HNYF. It is a ban on quarrying but it is only a jar to dress those who come to this state.
Goa became a state in May 1987 and started railway services in June
Expressing her concern over the office blockade by the Sengbhalang which has affected these two largest offices in the state, the Minister said that the absence of employees is regrettable and devastating. hope.
Umtyrnga FC, who won the tournament, received a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a trophy, while Lamare SC, who lost, received a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a trophy. A cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck and registered a case on the incident.
“If the Land Acquisition Act is passed, it will kill the Land Transfer Act of the state and therefore we should have protected it,” she said.
Expressing his happiness to participate in this important programme, the Chief Minister said, “From different parts of the country, the women motorcyclists of the CRPF will start their journey and It is a great honor and pride for me to take part in this special program and once again I congratulate the CRPF for this program which they have organized.
Examples are the lifting of Article 370 from Jammu & Kashmir, and the construction of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya.
When that will happen, he didn’t answer or say exactly.
Regarding the PHC, it was learned that since the past few years, the government has been preparing to upgrade the PHC to a CHC. The government has already allocated funds for the construction of the CHC, but it is not known whether the government has allocated funds for the construction of the CHC. The elders of the area are expecting the government to clarify when the construction of the road from Nongstoiñ to Kyrshai will start.
The tournament will be held from the 20th to the 27th of this month at the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong.
“They have received their own mining plan.
Meanwhile, the team of West Jaintia Hills District came second in the men's and women's category with one gold and one silver medal each.
It is worth mentioning that this bloodshed has started with the protests in recent months, after the country has experienced food shortages, fuel shortages and decline in income and livelihood. , because of the corruption and tyranny of the Rajapaksa family, whose brother, Gotabaya Rajapaksa, is the country's president.
There are 45 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 10 cases in West Garo Hills, 11 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in East Garo Hills. There are 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 03: A team of officers from the Forest Department of the State Government together with members of the Khasi Students' Union, Laban Circle on Friday inspected the illegally built houses at Mahadev Khola, Shillong.
Mawjaraiñ Presbyterian Secondary School beat Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School, Marshillong 5-2 with the goals scored by Baiohbok Thyrniang (21 minutes), Pynshaitbor Snaitang (26 minutes), Kyrshanborlang Khardewsaw (26 minutes). 31 minutes, Wankordorlang Nongsiej (39 minutes) and Shainingwell Iawphniaw (60 minutes).
Therefore, the Sengkhihlang invites all the children of the land who are still holding on to the faith in the Thynrai religion to attend this three day Lympung of the Sengkhihlang. I would like to request all the Sengkhasi and Seiñ Raij Departments to accept this as a public announcement of the 34th Sengkhilang Conference.
The Minister said that the detailed report will shed light on the department on how to ensure that the students do not lose their education.
The Enclosure Acts are land laws and through these laws the commons have been converted into private land.
At present, vehicles that should have passed through this road have been stopped.
Rangdajied will face Lajong in the first knockout fixture on 7th June followed by Mawlai against Langsning in the second semi final on 8th June.
As the talks did not reach any conclusion, the talks ended without reaching any decision, the report said.
The heaviest sohphan will also be included in the World Record, if there is someone who weighs more than 34.4 kilos. It is expected that Garo Hills will be able to exceed this target if there are participants from different parts of the country.
After the victory of Badonkupar Synnah, the fans have now cheered for another state champion Bhalang Shadap who has defeated Enait Khan of DNHDD (Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Daman & Diu) in the welterweight category 63.5-67kg at the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship held on Monday at SAI Indoor Hall.
Bah RM ShabongHap to pay tribute to the Prime Minister, who has immediately relieved the power outage, from nine hours to two hours and this is indeed what they call the magic of politics, in which The death of MeECL or MePDCL has been revived more quickly through the power of the Chief Minister.
The company was one of the teams hosting the G20 Summit with the government recently, providing services for participants in the G20 event.
The HITO leaders also protested after they inspected the road from Jorabat to Mawryngkneng, where they found that there are many tax collectors, which the union feels is wrong. These Khajna Gates have been set up illegally for the purpose of collecting money from vehicles passing through the road from Jorabat to Mawryngkneng.
Police have recovered the CPU, key board and mouse.
“As we have worked hard, we have explained to the people during the elections, we have already prepared our papers, we have written our examination and now we will wait for the answer on 4th July 2024,” he said. said.
Boklapara Area: Out of the 1.57 SQ KM, Meghalaya will get two villages, Boklapara and Hawla with an area of ​​0.56 SQ KM while Assam will get Lyngkhung and Jimrigaon with an area of ​​0.56 SQ KM. The area is 1.01 Sq Km.
Only HSPDP candidate Samson Suting, KHNAM candidate Iengskhem Diengdoh and UDP candidate Ryngkat Lyndem attended the rally. The KSU has informed the Primary Units of the Congress that he cannot come because he has not informed the Primary Units of the Congress. candidate.
Today, NATO estimates that between 7,000 and 15,000 Russian troops have been killed and counting those wounded or captured. NATO says military experts say Russia will not be able to fight if it loses 60,0 for now she is looking for the retired soldiers to go out to the battlefield.
These boat owners were honored by PCN Producer BR Blah in the presence of Ibarilin Kharsati, Chairperson of Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd, Umtham, Secretary Sheela Jacob Vincent. and others.
Because we don't know what will happen if we delay the dialogue and bring peace and stability in the state and also in the border areas,” said Bah PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai.
The public is advised to refrain from crossing streams and rivers during the rainy season.
“We have suggested to the college to reconsider this proposal of the college authorities, and to introduce a dress code for all students instead of wearing uniforms. “This can affect many young people especially those who work during their college holidays,” said Bah Thomas.
“We have also witnessed that even huggies or blankets for children have been thrown on the streets and streams, which can affect the cleanliness of the streams,” said the HANM leader. Many rivers are no longer suitable for use in this area and the Umïurem River in Shangpung has been affected by human waste. cleanse the morning.
These events in the past are recorded only in the Bible, which was written by the Jewish nation.
According to the RTI, on 20th October 2019, the office of the Ri-Bhoi District Nongpoh found that there are 43 petrol pumps in Ri-Bhoi District. district but the employees are not from abroad.
“Now the Congress and TMC have campaigned to promote their party, and if you look at the handshake, it is very beautiful,” he said.
Vehicles outside the containment area are also not allowed to stop in the middle of the road at the containment area.
Riskhem Syiem Jefree Kyrsain and N Syngkli scored the three goals for Ri-Bhoi.
He urged the government to take measures to restore the right of the Hima to collect taxes as usual.
The dorbars of the kurs not only perform the rituals, but also have the duty and responsibility to arrange, cleanse and judge the khajia majaa and other matters or problems or disputes that arise within the kur. kur or village that thaw.
The Secretary of the MHRC in a statement said that the Commission has taken action regarding the complaint of these people who have been abducted for assistance after the abduction from the Lum Survey.
The GSU is currently investigating to find out the facts.
After the 2023 election, will you be able to vote for Dkhan? U what ? I will judge you.
There are also many young men who have been given the opportunity to work abroad through the skill development programme, but many have returned home.
Phud Jaud, Rangthong, Kulang and Phungdiloin.
These villages include Lumiew, Dongbir, Gate, Lummarlong, Langstiehrim and Umwiehsup.
Thus, we are all human beings until we are divided by race and religion, without forgetting our wealth.
In the past few days, the price of these tests was between T.3,500 to T.4,500 and some charged up to T.6,500 for one test.
It is estimated that trillions of these insects have destroyed agriculture in Kenya, Ethiopia and Yemen.
I think it was on Tuesday, when the residence and office of the Congress MP from Jharkhand was seized and hundreds of crores of rupees were found.
Tottenham last won the League Cup in 2008.
“Last year, they started to bear fruit, but their fruit is very different from the others, because I don't know their names, so I named this tree after the tree. My mother's name is Damini.
The grounds of the Great Mosque of Mecca, the largest Muslim mosque in Mecca, are empty these days and the reason is that the Muslim community no longer goes to participate in the festival. The curfew has been imposed around the world.
These include 5 from East Khasi Hills and 2 from West Garo Hills.
In the factory area of ​​Umiam, there are dozens of sawmills and veneer mills.
Meghalaya have signed former Royal Challengers Bangalore and Deccan Chargers player Tanmay Mishra from the BCCI Indian Premier League this season.
The Congress President's allegation has angered the BJP and has accused the Congress of talking nonsense because it understands that it will lose the election.
Tynsong said that if the Congress wants the truth, it should have gone and asked the voters. The winner of the election is accused of winning by money. This is just an accusation, but in terms of the people themselves, they have already decided that on the 30th they will leave. to vote.
In the same year 1849, Larsing Khongwir was baptized and the first Tymmen Basan of the Nongsawlia Church and the whole of Khasi Jaintia, Tira Singh, was appointed.
Shillong, July 4: “My eyes fell fall as soon as I reached the top of Mount Everest,” said Wansuk Myrthong Police Station.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Marbud Dkhar congratulated the Women Mahila Congress for taking the initiative to work for the party in Mawlai.
The competition was divided into two groups for men and women.
The meeting was organized by the National Cooperative Development Corporation (NCDC) in collaboration with the Cooperation Department of the Central Government.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Mawkynrew Constituency today wrote to the Minister of Agriculture, Meghalaya, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to open a market in Lad Smit for the farmers to sell their produce. of rep.
“It is because the Congress-led state government has not taken responsibility to implement the central government schemes implemented by the BJP-led NDA government which has led Shillong to rank 276 among the cities in the country. India,” said Mr. Shibun.
The fact that they have not surprised people and canceled the MOU shows that they will still receive installments to contest MDC elections again in
The killed included 7 GNLA, 5 ASAK, 1 ULFA, 2 UALA and 1 LAEF members. The injured included 19 GNLA, 3 ASAK and 2 Army members. Besides the insurgents, six policemen were killed while 10 civilians were shot dead by the insurgents, according to government figures.
He also spoke on the allocation of funds for the highways in the state whether it is the Shillong-Guwhati, Shillong-Tura or the currently under construction road from Shillong to Dawki.
“Look at the Land Transfer Act, the Congress has also banned foreigners from buying land or trading in the state,” he added.
It is time for the Government of India to end this neighbourhood, or the violence between the strong and the weak and the two states, Assam and India. Meghalaya, if they don't respond to the spectacle, they should have responded by throwing money or by throwing luck, in which whoever loses or wins, will lose the shirt, except for the bunktien. the same thing for decades.
Therefore, he urged the new committee to collect the names as soon as possible to receive this financial assistance.
However, if the leaders are weak, selfish, spineless, the organization or group is a shame and a reproach to the world. public not good) solonsar.
Kitbok Sutnga scored the goals in the 32nd minute and George Muksor in the 55th minute.
We must not judge or criticize them, but we must stand and fight with them.
“About 15 lakh residents of Meghalaya of which 14 per cent of the population in the state are aged 3-25 years.
He said the quality of education has improved in the last four years.
The NPP has 12 MDCs, followed by the UDP, 9, Congress, HSPDP, Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang Kharkongor and Bindo MDC. Always.
However, in many parts of India it is found more profitable to plant in this third method because the cost of planting is lower when planting in lights that cannot be made of lyngkor.
In the first leg of the match between Nangbah Sports Association (NSA), Nangbah Sports Association (NSA) won 2-0 with Meyoo Susngi scoring the two goals. in the 5th minute and Bantei Iongwai in the 30th minute.
Rev.S Langstang and Mrs. Da O Shwa Sutnga, Rangbah Church, distributed mementos to the chief guests.
In terms of health, Namdong Khanduli area has been left behind because many patients who should have been treated at Namdong PHC have had to go to Nartiang PHC, Jowai or Shillong. Namdong PHC which should have been upgraded to CHC since 2012 and Khanduli PHC have been upgraded to CHC since 2012 due to lack of doctors and nurses. sub center to the PHC but it is sad to see that until this year nothing has been done on this even though the residents of this area have faced many problems in the field of illness but no help has been given to improve this. The distance from one sub center to another does not match the population. Many areas have twice the number of sub centers according to the rules of the sub center. health department The population of one sub center should not exceed 3,000 to 3,000 but as it is in Namdong, it has more than 7,000 9,000 people. those in this PHC are the same.
They demanded that the letter should be removed immediately from the Government Hospital.
The result of the MLA elections will also turn out to be surprising and unexpected after the 2nd March 2023 which is the new polling day in the state.
“This is not only one of the rules but also the wish of the two Chief Ministers, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. The Regional Committee will allow the people to choose where they want to live whether it is in Meghalaya or Assam,” he said. Prestone Tynsong while talking to media on Tuesday evening.
These are the reasons why many people are looking forward and surprised by Tika Covid
In this regard, the Director of School Education and Literacy has requested to re-employ these nine teachers after it was found that they have no fault.
On the 29th of last year, the Government decided to set up Border Outposts (BOPs) in nine areas identified as areas of conflict along the border.
The closure of the market came after a person who visited the market tested positive for Covid-19 yesterday. market, on May 23, 2020.
Understandably, the leaders of this group do not want to be prominent in society, but they have a great responsibility not only for their own nation, but for the whole community.
He said that the existence of this market will also enrich the Hima as they will be able to earn money through shop fees and other taxes. 1100 sq.ft and can accommodate up to 14 trucks of agricultural products.
At the same time, the Executive Committee has directed all the relevant authorities operating within the boundary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council not to accept the conversion of the Khasi Kur by anyone. - No person shall be allowed to enter the country without the prior written permission of the Registration Authority and the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
“We will write to the UDP and HSPDP on this issue,” said Bah Saiborn.
He said that the War Jaintia area is a cultural center as there are still many villages which still hold the traditional customs and traditions of the people.
Will you come back to revive the Joint Action Committee Jaintia Hills to work together for many issues of Jaintia Hills especially in the struggle for the restoration of Labang-Nongphyllut, Nongphyllut Doloiship and Pangam Raliang from the country? Jaintia Hills Meghalaya?.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, today admitted that there has been a discussion in the Cabinet meeting to demand the removal of James Sangma from the post of Minister. You are in the state of Meghalaya.
“I have never discussed the Lok Sabha election with Bah Mawriew, and I have never applied for a ticket or had any discussion regarding the candidate,” said Bah Shangpliang.
DD Lapang has sent his condolences on the passing away of Archbishop Dominic Jala, who died in a car accident in the USA. , today on the incident.
“This is an insult to the villagers as the road has been destroyed only two months after the contractor has completed the cleaning,” he said.
The delay of NIOS in preparing the results has deprived them of their right to benefit from the new salary increase of the State Government.
Sangma also announced that the Government of India has finally approved the Mining Leases for four miners, and the final arrangement of the documents for the mining according to scientists will be completed within 60 days.
The assessment camp was attended by M Kharbyngar, State Coordinator, SSA-SEMAM Shillong, LK Singh, District Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills and other volunteers from SSA Meghalaya. The medical team of ALIMCO, Guwahati was led by Aditya Kumar Naik, Audiologist and Subodh Kumar.
According to Mukul, MeECL can generate revenue of only Rs 200 crore per annum.
He said that this campaign came at the right time through many reasons and the need to maintain and preserve the water sources.
On the other hand, the leaders and members, when they saw this, went to the Sadar Police Station to talk to the police why their member was taken to the police station.
The HSPDP has decided to support the UDP candidate in Mawphlang according to the President Rangbah Jingka but one of its MDCs has voted against the UDP and supported the NPP candidate. Pen ryngkew of the leadership struggle, she has learned to bury herself as soon as the bye-election is announced.
He also informed that it is prohibited to fish, spread garbage, camping, cleaning and eating khana in the fish sanctuary.
Speaking to media, Lakmen Rymbui said that according to the directive issued by the Central Government on 28th July 2020, schools are not allowed to open until 30th July 2020;  However, from 21st November 2020, schools will be allowed to open only for teachers and students in classes IX to XII to attend schools in connection with their studies.
Mizo (Lushai) 11 tribes.
“Ma Vincent Pala has been MP for 15 years but there are many questions against him. Who would have thought that the responsibility of carrying the 36 constituencies of the Shillong Parliamentary seat is not easy? .
He said that the appointment of Prof. Shukla came after NEHUTA lodged a complaint with the President of India Droupadi Murmu and the Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan.
However, the VPP leaders have a firm belief that without the power of money, the people cannot be bought with love.
“Before Kong Wanpli started her work, she was ordered to bring her family members to explain the duties of the Orderly Peon.
“Even in the House the question arose whether NEEPCO really intends to move from Shillong and I replied that NEEPCO does not have such an intention,” said Prestone.
The economic development of the country does not mean only shopping malls or Audis or Rubicons or office rooms decorated with marble and bright and expensive salt trees.
Regarding the Monolith Festival, Teinwell said that as far as he knows, the Forum has received T.50 lakh from two companies, T.30 lakh from the Forum. Lafarge and T.20 lakh from the NEC and he said that T.20 lakh has been allocated by the Council for the festival.
Of course, for my part, I don't want to give you an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth regarding your letter.
According to a statement issued by Bah O.Mawthoh (DSO), the deadline for receipt of school forms will be on the 2nd July at the DSO office. and the age assessment of the children will be on the 6th.
On this occasion, I would like to urge the readers of the Shillong Times to turn to the two newspapers which will be published on the following day- 02.07.2022 (Saturday) and .2022 (Sunday) which reads in English as follows:-(1) “Government engages international experts for traffic management”.
Assistant Manager, M&E, CLLMP gave a detailed explanation on the PES scheme.
He said that as the Minister of Labour, he will look into the demands of Ms Rngad and if the contractors are rightful they will get the money.
The concluding remarks of Bah Rowell by speculating without investigating what the people of the state think about the ILP shows his short-sightedness as a public servant.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Principal Secretary, Bah P.Kharkongngor said that many of the old media outlets have become old and no longer working, but the Radio is still working and it is still able to provide services to the people.
The Nayi Chetna Campaign aims to promote the rights of women, to encourage them to live a life without fear and to protect them from any form of violence.
As we will see in this film, “See the sign share the load” is an advice and understanding to live together as a married couple.
The Khasi Jaidbynriew even today cannot be said to be a nation that is self-confident and holds the rights of justice in society or in the family.
“Since Bah AL Hek was removed from office as Minister, he seems to have lost his temper and doesn't know where to go or what to do,” said the BJP South Shillong.
On the part of the Deputy Commissioner, Bah BS Sohliya, at the beginning of the programme, he led the reading of the pledge.
According to reports, it has been agreed that he will contest from the UDP. This was after the agreement of the elders who attended the meeting earlier. Eugene has nominated himself to contest as an independent candidate.
After that, the Sur u Paidbah of South West Khasi Hills District had the opportunity to meet face to face with the MLA and said that he should promise to take care of this issue so that the children of the present and the future shall not face trouble, but shall be based on a new method of planting.
“Remember Bah Prestone, your words of condemnation against others will turn against you,” said Bah Olet. He said that Bah Banteidor will win this election and this road will be completed among others. four of them will be completed in the 2018-2
Shillong: Sweet Bikonia Lyngdoh, resident of Umlyngka Upper Shillong, has congratulated her supporters on her participation in the Mrs. Pageant Tourism 2022, which was held in they were born in Thailand.
He said that the present Executive Committee has accepted the orders of the previous Ministers, without advocating the rights of the council.
The order was issued to prevent disturbance to the public in coming and going and also to prevent the water supply from being affected and stopped.
Metbah Lyngdoh said the two parties will meet soon to elect the new leaders of the RDA. On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that they have an understanding to work together after the elections.
However, there are those who hold the protocols by wearing masks and many who wear style only in the ryngdang or tmoh just to avoid being fined.
Shillong, July 18 : The Search and Rescue Team of the Fire and Emergency Services Department and police on Saturday recovered the body of Bah Robino Kynter who went missing in an earthquake in Shillong. Kenmynsaw Village, Mawsynram C&RD Block.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 3: The residents of Mawphathien village in the Rambrai area have complained about the lack of a road.
Some say that Bah Francis is my classmate in Mawlai.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District BS Sohliya has imposed a curfew under Section 144 CrPC until further notice.
Daula Shangpliang took the most wickets for 6/15 in 3.4 overs.
On this day, after the remains of the body were performed, the rituals were performed according to the traditional customs of the area with a kñia ka khriam from the ynsah.
Shillong, Lber : The Anthropological Survey of India (MSDS) Shillong, Shillong, has organized a song by the students of MLCU. The State Council of Science, Technology and Environment, Meghalaya on the theme “Global Science Day” was held on the 22nd and 23rd of this month. Science for Global Wellbeing”.
Referring to the attempts of the ethnic parties to find a way to form a government led by themselves, Bah Ardent said, “We have tried to find a way to form a government led by the ethnic parties but we have been turned away. “We have a sincere desire to form a government led by the VPP,” he said. “We have set 15 conditions for the formation of a government with the VPP. However, because we want a national government, we have decided that if they cannot accept us, we are ready to support them from abroad even without participating in the government.
“We want Laskein and Patharkhmah to get civil sub-divisions,” said the Speaker.
“I tried to include an offer of companionship.
If you have any questions regarding the distribution of foodgrains, please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District or call the following numbers: Toll free No 1697 and they can also lodge a complaint with the District Grievance Officer, said the statement.
Shillong, July 19: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has violated the ban on coal mining and transportation in the state and East Jaintia Hills district alone has reported 11 such incidents per day. the district administration.
After being evicted, Paliar said she had no choice but to go to Nongstoin to find a house and stayed there.
The Sohra MLA said that he had met the Prime Minister on the grounds that an article had appeared in the media in recent days, which had disturbed the employees of MCCL. “It is clear from the Prime Minister that the government has no intention but has many opportunities to improve this government factory,” said Bah Chyne.
First in IIT I excuse myself to take exams.
In fact, Kevin and Christine have tried everything they can to strengthen and maintain this marriage but when they have no choice but to take the decision to end it completely. .
On the same day, the Umling Village Council through Bah C.Wahlang, as the Rangbah Shnong, left to help the family. .
"In fact, such incidents should be avoided so that those living in the border areas can feel safe," he said.
Nickman Marak, Chairman of the Garo State Movement Committee (GSMC), said that the GNC and the HSPDP will continue to meet regularly to discuss the proposal to divide Meghalaya into two states. new states, for the future generation of posterity to progress steadily in all directions.
The Seinraij Mukhla has been holding this festival for four days every year and this year it started on the 15th of this month.
Therefore, we need to try the good things from within the house and expect the outside to be enough.
Nongpoh: Taking note of the complaints of the residents of Nongpoh area, who have complained from time to time regarding the lack of electricity in Nongpoh area, the Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC), They have worked hard to demand from the government through MePDCL, to set up a 132kv Power station in the Nongpoh area, in order to immediately solve the problem faced by the people.
They also decided that even if any government comes to Delhi or their states, they will protest.
The Seng would like to thank the doctors, nurses, lab techs, ambulance drivers, road cleaners, volunteers, volunteers, police and Dorbar Shnongs who participated in this event. problems that have affected society.
Also present were Bah Albinus Timung, Rangbah Shnong of Rongmesek, representatives of the Swahich Bharat Mission and others.
What they did was also not an act of courage but an act of wickedness.
“We hope that this protest will reach the authorities in charge of this road, to repair it as soon as possible for the safety of the people of the area,” said Ksanborlang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29 : Following the incident ha Mukroh and the clash between Meghalaya and Assam, the Central Government has deployed BSF troops on the border of these two states. and two pyrtons on the border of Assam.
Khliehriat, November 23: The Range Forest Officer Umkiang-Khliehriat Wildlife Range has conducted an awareness program at four villages in Narpuh, Lumshnong, Sakhri and Shymplong and Sonapyrdi, during the programme, it was explained that it is necessary to preserve the species of miaw and other species of animals and also to preserve the environment.
Therefore, when I see the new MPSC Advertisement where the recruitment quota is more equally allocated, ie 14 posts between Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, I am filled with joy and satisfaction,” he said.
However, the pure milk remains the pure milk. There is no purity on it. These people will fall into the rympei of human beings, not into the rympei of God. God does not accept them to deceive us as stated in the Holy Bible.
Besides, Bah Titos said that in the constituencies where there are two candidates, the party itself has sent to the circles the names of those who want to send.
He alleged that on Thursday night while the mother and father were going to get medicine for the sick children at Karbi Anglong area where they had to stay overnight on Thursday and Saturday, the villagers shot with a bird shot. and her children and her children fled into the wilderness in the midst of the rain.
It was also observed that even though there is a bridge in the village, dozens of vehicles have to pass through the bridge due to the incompleteness.
Shillong, Nailar 25: More than 10 lakh people in three districts of Garo Hills have been affected by floods in these days.
We’re not quite sure how effective or ineffective these buses are, but we do see some students using them.
The final match of the Under-14 Boys will be between Lumpyrtuh Secondary School and HK Singh Memorial Secondary School at 11 pm.
This meeting is also a golden opportunity to strengthen relations between the three countries and to ensure peace and stability within these countries.
What surprises the union is why the Village Leaders of Lad-Rymbai (datsympein) and the land owner used the word 'Thmu ban Rahbor' in their complaint, without thinking that this act Therefore, the complainants were urged to find out the truth before proceeding.
For example, if we look at the assistance for wage earners, poor families, the cost is recorded at Rs 51 crore.
Ivory Kharduit, Assistant Director of Nursing, Sanker Shillong was the Chief Guest and Carrie Lyngdoh, Superintendent of Nursing, Sanker Shillong was the Chief Guest. Ranee Principal St Joseph's Academy of Nursing and Jolene Vice Principal St Joseph's School of Nursing.
At this meeting, the Soo Langdohs including Kongwasan Chyrmang, Jowai, Tuber and Ialong announced the dates of the Behdieñkhlam Festival for the year
Throughout the day, when these NPP candidates in Ri Bhoi went to register their nomination papers, it was seen that they were accompanied by many supporters of the party, who followed them to the ground floor of the office of the party. DC is in Bhoi.
The gold medals were won by Neeraj Chopra in the men's javelin throw, the men's 4x400m relay team and Jyothi Surekha Vennam in the mixed team. compound).
Shillong: Shillong and Meghalaya are no longer free from robbery and murder.
On the other hand, West Garo Hills beat South Garo Hills 7-1
The holding of the three G20 summits has been a struggle for the Punjab government at a time when there have been threats by the Sikh for Justice (SFJ) to to disrupt the summit of 20 countries of the world and to expose Khalistan.
The MLA of 19 South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai and Bah H. Thabah Rilbong Beathouse Station In-charge, were also present and urged all to attend the ceremony. They also urged the public to boycott all Chinese goods.
He said that it is for this reason that the UDP and HSPDP have seen that without cooperation it will be difficult to reach the goal because the votes of the ethnic parties have been scattered.
The District Magistrate issued this order after receiving a complaint regarding the presence of people who are mining shyiap, using the powers to clean up the shyiap that has already been mined. It is illegal and pollutes the surrounding rivers including the Kynshi River.
The compulsion and understanding to enroll in Assam.
You don't have a clean morning, you don't have a job, you don't have a constituency that doesn't have a toilet.
The BJP government in Manipur has failed to bring peace and resettlement to the affected people and to provide assistance to those temporary shelters.
Rev IW Nongsiej, Moderator of KJP Synod Sepngi was the chief guest in the presence of other pastors from different Presbyteries. The friendly tournament was concluded with the distribution of medals to the players of both the winning and losing teams, which was awarded by the KJP Synod Sepngi.
Kante has been linked with Al-Ittihad and Al-Nassr, one of the richest Saudi clubs.
On the 2nd at 9 pm, a vehicle bearing the number ML-04B-1673 was seized at Umiam (RB) and on the 1st at 12:10 pm, a vehicle bearing the number plate was seized. Shillong: The UDP Mowkaiaw Circle has urged the MDA Government led by the NPP not to set the date for the election. On Saturday, Seventh-day Adventist Christian families and other religions will be able to take part in the election of District Council Leaders in all three District Councils, JHADC, KHADC and GHADC. The State Government has sent a notice to all the Deputy Commissions to hold the elections on 23rd June
On the other hand, Bah Thabah demanded that the FKJGP demands that the police should file a sou motou against all those involved in the robbery in Demseiniong and also that they should start to investigate. call the young men of the land, while they are yet young.
Jambor said the EC has already informed the state government to urge the state government to take action on this issue and the EC is still waiting for a reply from the Assam border crossing. The Assam government on this issue.
Aikman, who joined the team last year, through the media has taken the opportunity to announce the public announcement regarding the this part.
He said that the Sixth Schedule is a shitri to protect the tribals which was designed by Bah JJM Nichol Roy to protect the tribals in the North East.
It is for this reason that the world still knows that the inhabitants of Meghalaya are the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The UDP has increased its membership by the supporters of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the party's candidate from Shillong West.
Dr Mukul said that one person needs to hold only one job to allow others. He also mentioned other areas where the Congress party has worked such as the ban on coal mining in These Congress leaders were speaking at a meeting of the MPCC held at Congress Bhawan today in the presence of seven candidates of the party for the mid-term MDC elections in KHADC. The meeting was attended by Government Ministers, Congress MLAs, Congress MP from Shillong, CEM from JHADC, MDCs, and other Congress office bearers from District, Block and others.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Lahkmen Rymbui, in his speech, said that the opening of these foundation stones for the road will be a blessing to the people of this area and especially the road to Muktapur which has been sanctioned since On 30 March 2022, PH Construction will start the work.
They got up at 11-12 o'clock in the afternoon.
Shillong, July 09: Shillong Lajong FC will start their Kalinga Super Cup 2024 campaign against Kerala Blasters FC today. July, 2024.
Youth is a time when you are still strong in thought, physical strength, vision and understanding. If you have the desire to do anything from the heart, there is no problem. It is up to each of us whether we want to do evil or do good to keep our reputation forever.
KHNAM said it has also found through RTI that the prime minister has authorized the army to talk face to face with the Rangbah Shnongs for the 8 to 10 acres of land in New Shillong. Town ship for the Air Force Naval Housing Board.
“This tax has been going on for a long time since 2014-15 and many of the farmland cultivated by the residents of Mooshrot are farmland that has been acquired since ancient times. said S.Tang, a farmer of Mooshrot.
Speaking to media, Chairman-cum-Managing Director of MeECL, Sanjay Goyal said that the total non-payment of electricity bill has reached Rs 300 crore. MeECL has tried to improve the working methods, even to cut off the electricity to those who do not pay.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday sought a report from the state government on when the implementation of phase I of the Shillong-Dawki road will start after giving permission for the demolition of the road. tree.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, in reply to a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday asked whether the KHADC has any role as a group. When asked about the Inner Line Permit, the CEM replied no.
Conrad Sangma said that police have taken a complaint on the incident and a magistrate will investigate the incident.
U snepdieng sia sia : We like to include and put this snepdieng sia sia in our dishes.
According to the Office Secretary of the union, Donbok Dkhar, every day there are about 50 boats of Bangladeshis who come to Dawki to steal stone.
She said that the separation between Jeofreeson and his wife was due to the fact that he used to touch her hands all the time which reached the point where she couldn't stand it anymore.
The petition and appeal of Mr. Edwingson Bareh was written in English as follows: tradition are one and the same people.
At the same time, the KSU Leaders urged the Government Employees living in Them Iew Mawlong to follow the decision taken by the Government and the departments working to relocate them.
Throughout the day, the FKJGP also distributed blankets to some poor families in the area, which is also a New Year gift to these families.
The MRSSA has been sent to the Home Ministry of the Government of India etc. To restore power and authority, the HSPDP has demanded from the Government of India and the State Government to amend Paragraph 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution of India by deleting the word “President” and inserting the word “Governor” in paragraph 12A (b) so that the State shall be exempt from the applicability of any central law affecting our right to land, forests and customs.
The launch of the film was held on the evening of June 23, 2019 in front of the press.
He said that not only does the government not fill the vacant posts but the allocation of money in the form of funds and subsidies is also very low to those youths who want to stand on their own feet and start their own businesses. There are currently only 1005 members.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) will soon review and decide on the candidates for next year's MDC elections.
Arghadeep Ghosh of Sherwood School, Tura came third with 568 marks.
The party wondered why Naba Bhattacharjee was taken as the leader of the Bengalis in the state and asked who Naba Bhattacharjee is to show himself as their leader. Bengali in Meghalaya and asked, “Has Naba Bhattacharjee been elected as the leader of the Bengali people?”.
It is also alleged that the CEM has turned the T.133 crore into a magnet to divide various political parties.
Jowai, July 04: The 15th Inter School Badminton Tournament 2022, organized by the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) Jowai, today ended. L.Lyngdoh, Joint Director School Education & Literacy, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai.
“It was said that this operation is also part of the fight against violators who intend to cause trouble,” said the Sub-Collector.
When the Chandrachud Committee came to examine the border, Assam won because it could show the right documents,” said Prof. Gassah, a retired professor of NEHU. , Prof. Gassah asked, “Where is the patriotism that even the ancients needed only to knieh shuki and get power?” Alleging that the present leaders are still “In our state, there are many politicians but there is not a single Statesman.
He said that if they don't pronounce the word 'Prah', it is enough, but to shout 'Ha U Prah! Ha U Prah', are they not the supporters, and added that the people will judge and the people will see, because not only the NPP but even the President of the UDP has been spoken to and insulted face to face.
In the I-League, Aizawl, Churchill Brothers, Delhi, Gokulam, Kerala, Mohammedan, Rajasthan United, NEROCA, Real Kashmir, Shillong Lajong, Sreenidi Deccan and TRAU are the teams. , Army Red, Indian Air Force, Indian Navy and the Assam Rifles.
The aim of the government is to bring about a clean environment in the city so that it does not affect the residents inside it.
Other works to be done this year will be implemented with a 10% allocation from the state government and 90% from the central government,” he said.
There are 137 villages and the right to establish another one in Namdong as the land has already been allocated.
“You think we will lose, we are determined to win but we have to win both these constituencies,” he added.
U Bah Shylla, who has just joined the UDP, today met with the HSPDP Nongkrem led by its President, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit to discuss issues related to the post of Rangbah Shnong. article 371 to abolish the District Council, the encroachment of MUDA outside the District Council, the enactment of the Compulsory Marriage Act.
The meeting discussed how to restore peace between the two ethnic groups – the Pnar and the Karbi – in the Khanduli area.
Airis Masa expressed her indescribable happiness after the FKJGP has sought ways and means to help her build a proper house.
He then said that when he helped carry the body from the car to the house, he grabbed the part of the body that was soft and bleeding, which is where the bullet entered the body his.
The mini lucky draw was held on the closing day of the 19th Open Badminton Championship 2022 which ended on 26th July.
At the same time, the Seng urges the Government or the PWD to take action if there are any reasons why it cannot work as soon as possible.
Pastor Hynniewta said that the decision of the Assembly will be informed to the government tomorrow.
These are the two sides of the same coin.
Therefore, the curfew has violated the rights of the people under Articles 19 and 21 of the Constitution.
The Gold Medal winners received T5500 tyngka, the Silver Medal winners T3300 tyngka, the Bronze Medal winners T1700 tyngka and 18 others. The winners of the State Level Inter-School Athletics Meet 2022 were awarded T3000, T2000 and T2000 for the Gold Medal, Silver Medal and Bronze Medal.
For the first time and it is very hopeful that in all these times everyone remembers and understands the importance of agriculture.
Scale: the scale of the tree is the length of the tree that grows on the ground; the book is long from end to end.
The Sliang Tourist Spot has decided to open after the Umngot River has become safe for tourists due to the decrease in the level of the river during the rainy season.
Amidst strong opposition from the KHNAM MDCs, the KHADC has passed the Delimitation Bill to divide the constituency by removing Laitkroh and creating a new Umsning, besides the restructuring of many villages.
The training was held at Sacred Heart Theological College, Mawlai, Shillong. The training was held at Sacred Heart Theological College, Mawlai, Shilong. on November 6th.
The rapid increase in the number of cases of Coronavirus in the state poses a serious threat to the state as a whole through the rapid spread of the disease.
He said the NPP is working with the NDA to bring about development but it will not compromise on issues affecting the people and it cannot ignore that and will continue to fight.
“I’m giving speeches because I feel women don’t get any attention as they should in a democracy.
The landslide has caused severe damage to the Dikchu-Rakdong Road.
This right has been exercised for thousands of years before there were borders between countries and states.
He said that the curfew, which will be held on the 13th and 14th of this month, will be attended by two government committees, the Community Covid Management Committee and the Community Covid Management Committee. Then the Behavior Change Management Committees will take part in visiting the villages to explain the responsibility of individuals to fight against the disease.
The Superintendent of EKH, Bah M.Kharkrang was the special speaker.
In a statement, the state government said that it is ready to hold talks with the rebel groups and other political parties only if they stop their activities against the country. curfews, murders and other crimes.
Ummulong-Moodymmai MDC Jesse Suïam on Monday inaugurated the Community Hall and Youth Training Center of Pyrdishnong village in Moodymmai.
If we leave this world, will we save ourselves? We are living in uncertain days, uncertain life, the world has changed from side to side, changed in human beings, changed in the world of nature.
Shillong: Speaking at a cleanliness drive in Mawklot, Bah Samlin Malngiang, Minister of Water Resources, Government of India, today said that Mahatma Gandhi was a cleanliness driver. “Let us do our utmost to repay Gandhi, who gave independence to India”.
He said that the field of music has changed a lot from the past and now there are technological facilities and training facilities in this field.
Rikmenlang Lamare, who escaped from Jowai District Jail on Saturday, was arrested on the second day at his hometown in Barato.
At the same time, they (the Central Government) want to have elections for Rangbah Shnong and Executive Members of Village Councils and they also want to have a special allocation for women,” he said. to Bah Titus.
He said that the release of these electric vehicles or e-Vehicles to different villages is a step taken by the government in collaboration with the villages.
The union has made it clear that the Government cannot make the people living in Them Ïew Mawlong the last children.
The celebration of Christmas is to change from evil to good, from worldliness to little divinity, from filth to purity, from filth to suspicion and from evil habits to habits that good.
The office bearers of the Shakhoikuna Unit include Samla Rovinson Maring as President and Samla Chem Nongshli as General Secretary. 17 members of the organization.
He expressed the hope that traditional talent will gain a place across the country and the world and encouraged the youth to showcase and develop their talent in various fields.
On the other hand, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar said that the main issues discussed today were the ILP, railway and uranium mining.
Police said Mokibul was arrested for kidnapping and extortion.
According to the scholars, food, income and income are the dignity of human beings in society.
“We warn the Assam Government that such unfounded actions will only increase differences and disrupt the peace and stability between the people of Assam and Meghalaya,” he said.
We don't know whether it's good or bad.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills has risen to 1,272, of which 723 cases are from East Khasi Hills, of which 267 cases are from Armed Forces and 456 cases are from civilians. 44 cases, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 94 cases in Ri Bhoi, 26 cases in Armed Forces and 68 cases in civilians, 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 14 cases in East Jaintia Hills. In West Garo Hills, 223 cases, of which 146 are Armed Forces and 77 are civilians, in South West Garo Hills, 4 cases, in South Garo Hills, 12 cases, 10 Armed Forces and 2 cases. There are 3 cases in East Garo Hills and 12 cases in North Garo Hills.
“However, other prison staff managed to stop him and only the GNLA escaped,” he said.
However, he said the RTI shows that he has released money from the scheme in the year 2012-2013 and clearly he said that it shows that there are up to 300 beneficiaries from the scheme according to the list. The union has received money from Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block but there are 165 households who have received money and those who have received only T.10 thousand tyngka.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: Following the circulation of a video clip on social media and Facebook, JYF leaders led by President Bah Poipynhun Majaw together with journalists, today visited Khliehriat to investigate. The incident occurred in Khiehriat West, East Jaintia Hills District.
Many schools from Shillong and surrounding areas visited the exhibition stalls and had the opportunity to learn about science activities.
In all logic this is the GREATEST economic boost to Kashmir.
The order says that no one is allowed to enter these villages which have been declared containment.
Shillong, Nailar 26: U Sordar of Um tngam, Bah AH Shadap on Saturday inaugurated a new village known as Lummawthar.
The meeting was conducted by two children of the village including L.Lyngdoh and R.Patlong.
Of these, 52 seats are from the Central Pool, 13 from RIMS, Imphal, 14 from NEIGRIHMS Shillong, 3 from Tripura and 10 from Assam.
The State Police is waiting for the arrest of the BSF personnel who were arrested in connection with the shooting death of a truck driver in the incident which happened recently near Mawshun village in Pynursla, East Khasi Hills district.
The members of the committee include the Chief Minister, Prof Roytre C Laloo, AL Hek, DD Lapang, Pynshngain N Syiem and RV Lyngdoh.
Speaking as the chief guest, MLA Mawphlang Constituency Eugeneson Lyngdoh said, “The purpose of the school will not be successful without the support of all of you.
Those who violate shall not be fined or punished according to the rules of the village.
“This shows that the government has oppressed only the poor and allowed the rich,” said the vendors.
The union was registered in
“The BJP strongly condemns the murder of this woman.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: NPP MLA James K Sangma has slammed the reply of the Chief Secretary Prof Roytre C Laloo on the selection of schools to receive the Asian Development Scheme. Bank (ADB).
Shillong, Nailar 24: Three UDP MLAs including Mawphlang MLA Mathew Beyondstar Kurbah, Mawsynram MLA Olan Sing Suin and Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein in the presence of engineers of the PWD Eastern Circle Superintendent Engineer AB Umdor, A Syiemlieh, Executive Engineer PWD Mawphlang Division, Bah K Kharsyntiew and contractors on Tuesday inspected the construction of the road from Wah. The foundation of Weiloi.
If the Assam government continues the construction of this road, the union will join hands with the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap to protect the rights and interests of the land owners.
“We urge you to take action against the writing of the examination for Group B & C at NEIGRIHMS where we have received information that the applicants from outside the state have had to write the examination outside Meghalaya. KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said in a petition sent to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Hony Secretary of the SSA, Bah SS Rapthap, said that the SSA held a meeting on 28th July and at this meeting, the decision was taken to send to the Tournament Committee to complete the tasks. The Tournament Committee announced on the 4th of last month that it will start holding this tournament.
India, who beat Myanmar 1-0 in the first match on Tuesday, have secured the title after beating Myanmar 1-0 the Kyrgyz team yesterday.
Shillong, July 6: The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and the KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit on Tuesday welcomed two Khasi youths who have led and won the Indo-Nepal International Youth Futsal Championship. Cup 2022 will be held in Pokhara, Nepal.
This is the reason why as a nation we cannot move forward if we cannot resolve it because if we talk about other issues it leads to this.
It can also be argued that it is true that it is a shame for our fellow countrymen in the land of Hynniewtrep who do not respect and do not know how to write and write in their own language.
Some of the vendors said that the increase in the price of Pait was due to the lack of supply/stock and the lack of goods in the market.
Police immediately searched the body and confirmed that the body was suspected to have been killed by unidentified robbers. Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Wailad also called for the cooperation of all the Waheh Shongs and the people in relation to the cleanliness in Jowai.
Ampareen, who is also the Minister in charge of the Law Department, said that in 2018 when she was in the opposition, she raised this issue.
He also recalled the mass protest which started in June 2017 at Madan Student to express the feelings of the people of the country how much they love their language.
The Meghalaya Chamber of Commerce Organization (MDC) Bernard N. Marak has arrested BJP MDC Bernard N. Marak. The merchants were forced to increase the prices of food, building materials, and other items, demanding money from each item.
He said that the office will be useful if it cannot provide a network. He also complained that the vouchers have been increased in price but they have not been able to provide adequate services to the people.
She said that no one has bought sosh from the cleaning of the garbage.
Shillong, November 1: U MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Thursday held a meeting at the State Convention Centre, Shillong to discuss the development works related to water supply and roads, which have been implemented. and those that will be implemented in the South Shillong Constituency.
Rai, A. B. Constable.
The Minister of Fisheries, Bah AL Hek said that it is up to the farmers to increase fish production if they really take fish farming as a livelihood and income generating activity.
“Employment is one of the challenges faced by the youth of the area because there is no proper policy,” he said.
Therefore, he condemns this blindness to the customs and traditions of others.
Referring to the NPP, Sñiawbhalang said that in this election the NPP will form a single government in the state this term.
U Bah Kharwanlang has not revealed the reason for his departure from the Congress or which party he will join or contest the MLA election. Fr. Teibor Lyngdoh, Procurator and Administrator of the Union of Catholic Women, Shillong Archdiocese on Tuesday at Nongpoh Parish, Shillong. Shillong Archdiocese said, “We are living in an age or days when we can no longer wait. Fr.Teibor Lyngdoh urged the Catholic Mothers to be those Mothers who can endure whatever happens in life. spiritual or worldly life.
The federation has requested the players from the districts and clubs to seek more information from the General Secretary of the MTA by calling 8787884740 or
“In a meeting with the CEM, he admitted that there have been delays in the issuance of trading license but the question is how the Council makes laws and violates them,” he said.
Only the Dakhars don't have shops in the market...the Khasi don't live on the road.
“Dr Mukul as the head of the Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA) Government cannot blame himself and others.
Furthermore, this shows the country's commitment to environmental protection, with the belief that there will be no benefit from the cleanup of waste.
If he wins, he will go to Parliament to advocate for the issues faced by the people, whether in education, agriculture and rural development.
The three-day Behdeinkhlam festival started on 26th June with Langdoh Kongwasan Chyrmang together with other religious servants of the Raij completing the Behdeinkhlam festival until the last day of the Behdeinkhlam festival.
The incident occurred today due to the refusal of another group, the Presbyterian Church, at Umran Dairy to bury the body of Kong Skilda Lyngdoh. ), which is located inside the Umran Dairy Church under the Mawbuh Ri Bhoi Presbytery KJP Synod Sepngi, where the family members of the Longkmie, have not been able to bury the deceased. to bury inside the land at Umran Dairy.
This is especially true for those villagers and farmers who have sufficient farmland.
Ibtissam Jraidi scored Morocco's first goal at the World Cup to beat 72nd-ranked South Korea and beat 17th-ranked South Korea.
The meeting was attended by many political parties including the KSU, HYC on behalf of JACSO, the Joint Action Committee for the 2 Lane Road and other organizations.
The Syiem informed and expressed this to Sajar Nangli but Sajar Nangli rejected this request of Syiem Borgohain.
When the HSPDP withdrew from the HPU, there was another attempt to unite the United Democratic Party (UDP) which is still in existence.
In another match of the same group, Kick Start Football Coaching Center beat Umpling SC 1-0 to win the first match.
Only Bihar is lower than Meghalaya.
" “Every man/man speaks lies to his neighbor with lying lips (Altaqya), with a deceitful heart" (Ps 12:2).
Other arrangements and surveys including maps will be decided by the Government of Rajasthan.
HIV can be spread (1) during sexual intercourse, (2) from an infected mother to her unborn child, and (3) through blood .
The shooting death of a Naga man by the Meitei residents of Khedagor on Sunday has caused the Khasi residents of the village to be threatened by the Meitei residents. They were sent to leave the village and return to Meghalaya.
Princess Maria has no children of her own and lives with her brothers and sisters, including Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Parma, the Duke of Parma and Piacenza, Princess Margarita and Prince Jaime.
A case has been registered at Khliehriat PS and the investigation is ongoing to track down others involved in the drug trafficking.
From Umpling, World Bank officials and the CEM left for Mawlai Mawroh in the presence of Mawlai MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Rangbah Shnong and officials to inspect the site for the construction of the Resource Recovery Centre. .
Shillong, March 20 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sohiong Circle will hold the XVMaitshaphrang Award 2022 to the students of Sohiong District who have achieved excellence in their studies. and encourage them to make progress in their studies.
Shillong, July 14 : The Government of Meghalaya has appointed the members of the Search Committee including Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang as Chairman. Department and Mr. CVD Diengdoh, Secretary Law Department as members.
Shillong, 26 October: A special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held tomorrow, 27th October. on the investigation report of the House Committee which has completed its investigation into the transfer of money collected from the Professional Tax from Nongpoh and Nongstoin into the accounts of private individuals.
Deborah also demanded that the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma should order his brother and Minister James K Sangma to resign immediately if found involved in this crime. .
“As a family we want a fair trial and those who took his life should pay compensation,” said the family members.
On the other hand, Olivertwis Marngar said that the party is not against the opening of the Block which is for the benefit of the people but the party asks Conrad Sangma what he has done in this regard. Inner Line Permit (ILP), relocation of people living in Mawlong Market, inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 10 of the Constitution of India, signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) The border settlement with Assam, the repeal of the Meghalaya Gaming Act, 2021, corruption, the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Following the swearing-in ceremony of the newly elected MLAs in the Legislative Assembly on 6th October 2023, the National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma told the The new government will be called the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance 2.0, of which he will be the chairman.
In other states of India, 90% of women give birth in hospitals.
Bihar residents should take the example of the burning plant in jowai meghalaya...this method of burning people with this burning plant reduces the need for wood...It should be suggested to burn electricity as in Meghalaya.
The skywalk can be constructed at two places like Keating Road to Khyndai Lad, Pegasus to Oakland Road and from the old Assembly road,” said the MLA. This will also bring about the beauty of Khyndai Lad.
Up to 120 troops from the two countries took part in the exercise which lasted for two months.
What happened in 1978? Allan Lyndem, one of the young men who witnessed it with his own eyes, said, “In 1978 there was the second Assembly Election of the state, which was held on 25th June
On the other hand, the SDMA authorities have urged the residents to be vigilant at this time when the weather is not good.
Speaking on the delay in the implementation of the scheme in the state, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne said that one of the problems that has confused the people is that the government has not informed the people about it. He said that the scheme to benefit the people has turned around.
In this regard, the village leaders appeal to the authorities to look after this road to do whatever is necessary for the completion of this road otherwise the village will think about come with other strong measures against those who should build this road.
The lockdown has been imposed by the Government of India and the Supreme Court has approved the lockdown.
The Rhinos won 2-1 (U-7), 5-1 (U-9), 2-0 (U-11) and 9-0 (U-12).
During the raid, the union recovered seven drug injectors, including in Mawlai and Polo.
These three units are in Leshka, Umtrew Stage I and II.” We hope that all these units will be restored within a day.
This comes after they beat East Bengal 1-0 in their last two matches and Diamond Rock Football Club beat Diamond Rock Football Club 1-0
Even if the rynsan is held in any way, it is impossible to convince the people.
The BJP leaders also admitted that the two UDP leaders, who have left the party, including Ma Sing Mulieh and others, will be the few who will be seen soon. “It's a good idea to join the BJP,” said the party leader in the state.
The women's 4x400m relay team also won the same medal in a time of 3:40.491 seconds.
Wisdom must be accompanied by godly fear. For the wisdom that is without God is like empty earthen vessels, but the wisdom that is with God is like earthen vessels filled with iron. milk.
One of the longmie said that although Bah Sysnar had fought against Bah HDR Lyngdoh in 2018, “but before the death of Bah Meheh, Bah Pope (Synsharlang) has decided to support him. “It's a responsibility that God has placed on the Pope. We as the supporters of Maheh, we have to win with dignity,” she said.
On the other hand, Bah Rodrick Nongrum, Chief Executive Officer, congratulated the Mawroh Village Authority and VEC office bearers for their ability to implement the development schemes properly. by the government.
“When we talk to the rural or urban areas, the people express their confidence in the BJP by saying that the Modi party is not like in the past when they still had doubts,” he said. .
Wanphrang Gassah Incharge Librarian Jowai was the chief guest, Dr. Evarist Myrsing was the chief guest in the presence of Songashim Runsung, winner of Rubaru Mr. India, elders and relatives of this young woman. and the invitees.
The Department of Tourism will select land only for those groups who can meet the requirements. Documentary Support shall be submitted.
Presentation/Gift: means gift, gift is to bring something to the people to express their gratitude to the longsan mansan; I shall not share with others; Please don't worry about it.
In the second part, which shows the pictures, it was found that there are newly mined coal mines around the area including newly mined coal.
The union said that the emergence of such crimes is due to the availability of alcohol in the community which can lead to murder, robbery and other crimes. can bring peace to the whole community.
Within hours of Dr.DRL Nonglait announcing through the media that he has no intention of contesting the Lok Sabha elections despite the UDP leaders informing him of this, immediately Process has announced publicly through the media that he still wants to contest the election if the UDP is able to nominate him as its candidate.
The JFEPA is also a platform in collaboration with all the organizations in Jañtia who are fighting for the preservation of the waters, rivers and resources in them.
The youths and elders have come out to build this road which separates from the Kiang Nangbah – Dulong Road into the village.
You don't have a selfish spirit and a selfish attitude towards buying and selling.
The court issued the order on the request of the state government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) during the hearing on Tuesday.
They said that the union has no intention of harassing or harassing the traders or breeders, but they cannot search the cows that come from abroad, because they are afraid that there may be cows that have the disease. Therefore, the HNYF leaders urged the traders to think for the welfare of the cow owners, at the same time they urged the workers in charge of cows, to They should check and not allow untested cows to enter the state.
Kaur immediately informed the police, who found the speaker, who is from Ranchi, Jharkhand and arrested the robbers and returned the money to those who had. was stolen.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the heavy rains in the past few days have damaged the homes of the people as well as government buildings. also the same.
The struggle for the MSP will be fought by the unity of all the farmers from different states in the country and especially the farmers of the North East.
The seized drugs were handed over to the Zokhawthar Police Station for further investigation.
Same Dkhar scored 50' and 90'+1 while Arwan Dkhar scored 73' and Founder Passah 79'
The salary of the CEM has reached T.160500/- per month while the opposition leader will receive a salary of T.1 lakh 39 thousand.
The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shamuganathan, concluded the ceremony as the chief guest while Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh was the chief guest.
Soumitra Chatterji presented the paintings through a talk on the history of the Rilum regions across India on the theme 'A Glance at the Mountains' and the West- and the influence of the same on my artistic journey’.
The garbage produced in Jowai is not only from the residents of Jowai, but also from the people who come to earn a living in this city of West Jaintia Hills District.
There are 167 cases in East Khasi Hills, 118 cases in West Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ribhoi, 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 27 cases in West Garo Hills.
The statement also informed that the candidates and parties have held an election campaign without the permission of the District Election Officer's office and this protest will affect the registration of candidates. They don't want to vote for the party they lead.
At the same time, she urged the paradoh para snam to refrain from giving shelter to foreigners, so that the community can curb the evils that happen from time to time. period.
He praised the good works of the organization in the past years and encouraged it to continue in its work with unity, understanding and to help the young people to get jobs in this age.
Sunil Ranjan Sen has lodged a complaint that on 20th June, 2023 at about 3 pm, robbers broke into his office at Jail Road, Shillong and stole required documents.
Shillong: The UHM CEC, under the leadership of its Chief Executive Member, Bah CJ Rani, has strongly condemned the violence of the Dkhar Bengalis, who went to the gate of the Meghalaya House in Calcutta to protest and condemn the. the State Government and the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
He said the investigation into the incident has been conducted by agricultural experts from the state agriculture department and ICAR, Umiam.
We all remember that when building houses, it is necessary to lay the stones first.
Hardy Cliff Nongbri scored the first goal for Lajong in the 33rd minute and Figo Syndai scored the second goal in the 45+ minute. 2.
The MISS has been implemented by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma since July last year.
Apart from Sunday, it will be difficult for children, youth and adults to receive valuable education, whether in spirituality, morality, knowledge. knowledge of God, love of mutual respect and others.
As it turned out it was witnessed that there were no marks of injury on his body except bleeding from the ears, which shows the methods of attack used by the robbers.
We will fight for this and I wish you two units to move forward and we will help those who are suffering, we will help those who need to develop the Jaitbynriew”, said Samla Lumlang.
On the allegation that the agreement was not fair, Witting said it is not that it is not fair or fair but it is the decision of the people. We have fought because the people want to see that the Seng Riewlum unite, we have fought with the best intention to unite and it is also the wish of the people but when the people do not give us the “I don't accept it, but I don't accept it,” said Witting.
He was arrested today by the SP of East Khasi Hills, Davies Marak.
In this regard, the JAC also requests the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to deploy police patrols in these areas so that the people can enjoy peace and order.
Johnson expressed concern that the disease has spread rapidly across Europe, which is more than ever before.
If we cannot complete it, the appointing authority will take a decision but our intention is to complete the work soon,” said Bah Kharsyiemlieh.
Joe Biden is scheduled to leave for Amman today after a visit to Israel.
Another party involved in this is the HSPDP. The party which has only two MLAs now does not have a single MLA after both of them have decided to leave the party.
“Explaining on the allegation that two MLAs of the PDF including him will not contest from the party, Bah Hamlet said, “The clarity or unclearness is that it has not yet ended. interaction.
Mawlatang Matabor Robert Khongshei expressed the same feeling that he will have to hold a dorbar to ask for a decision from the people.
I don't know or remember those years, but they were the years before Bah Shylla (Late HS Shylla) started canvassing elections by starting in Sohra when I was 24 years old. good history or years.
However, the question here is whether Parliament will allow Agatha Sangma to vote against 100 times, but the BJP is still too paid to pass the CAB. Meghalaya, but let's talk about Meghalaya and if it comes there, we remember the case of tens of crores of rupees against the Congress government in , because they are protesting for ILP and dozens of cases have been filed against the Sengbhalang leaders and then, dozens of Sengbhalang leaders have been arrested and searched and we don't forget the demands of the people. ILP, who led the Student Square; but the request shall not be granted.
“Benali expressed his appreciation for the talent of the players in the North East.
To be a leader is not the inheritance of anyone's family.
According to information received, many of these bills are paid online and for this reason, the public is concerned that the employees of the department are not familiar with the working methods of this era. For this reason, they have demanded to bring in skilled people so that it will not affect the people of the area.
In the midst of the outbreak of war in Ukraine; However, there has been an incident, which has shattered a family and that is, that the father of two children, has left his wife and has gone to live with a foreigner, who has gone to live in the house. I'm going to London.
However, he said that at this time, he will have to wait for the approval and permission of the court.
This is the ninth time for Shillong Lajong to play in the I-League at home.
On the other hand, the HSPDP has promised that if it comes to power, it will fight hard for the state to get special recognition under Article 371 of the Constitution so that the laws banning coal mining will not come into force. in the state.
“This time, there was an unexpected fight but with the blessing of God, we have been able to send Agatha K Sangma back to Delhi,” Rakkam said.
Shillong, June 29: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Friday seized 125 kilograms of human smuggled illegal drugs from the border areas of East Khasi Hills.
The award was given for their achievements in the fight against drug trafficking in the state and other activities.
Pyniaid said that there is no answer to the questions except for a few who need to get the right information because to answer the wrong questions is like misleading the house. council and to the people.
Sildamicresha Marbaniang scored 19 runs from 10 balls. WKH needed only seven overs to win the match.
“There are not less than 80 villages in these areas, so it is enough for them to get their own C&RD Block in this area,” said Bah Dustarwell K.Lyngdoh. , Secretary of the KSU.
“There has not been a single project to honor the Central Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi,” Marak said.
The union has already sent a letter to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Shillong and a copy to the DC of East Jaintia Hills District.
After visiting the temple, the Governor also visited the Mawbynna or Monoliths Garden in Nartiang.
He also requested the public to understand that they cannot hold a protest at any time and to support it because they have been insulted by these officials of 108 and the government because GVK 108 does not recognize them. your Union.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit said that these days there has been a lot of confusion among the people because banks and mobile companies have set the deadline for submitting Aadhaar on 31st October but this is said to be extended indefinitely now.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Meghalaya government has applied for a loan from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) for the implementation of the Supporting Human Capital Development Meghalaya Project in the state.
When the vehicle is not carrying a person, the light saw should be turned off and the vehicle should be operated only in government vehicles and not in private vehicles.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia Hills (FKJGP) on 18th June 2013 has established a new office.
These commercial two wheelers should also have GPS, register, and show the names of the drivers for the safety of the two wheelers.
Amitabh Bachchan's crown prize for the first time this season went to Assam teacher Binita Jain, who won the Rs 1 crore buskit.
In addition, the central tax revenue is expected to be T.7,386 crore, an increase of 18 percent over the budget of T.6,264 crore, while the central transfer is expected to be T.7,386 crore. about T.8,706 crore.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: It is not the first time that the residents of Byrnihat area and even the school children have expressed their concern that they are affected by the smoke and waste from the factories in Byrnihat. Many of the residents of the village have been affected by the smoke and waste from the factories at Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: Out of the 151 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 124 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, out of which 61 cases have been confirmed. high risk contact, 6 ILI cases, 5 health workers, 45 armed forces, 2 SARI cases, 2 others, 2 foreigners ESC. In East Jaintia Hills, there are 7 cases, 3 cases from Star Cement Factory in Lumshnong, 1 case from Umtyrnga Residential School and 3 cases from abroad.
In fact, the Principals of Non-Government Schools also have their own independent authority against foreign authorities if it is a law that affects their schools otherwise the authority is meaningless and the authority of the Principal.
He said the Ministry of Home Affairs has sought clarification on 12 issues on the VAB as they are in conflict with the Constitution.
One of the elders of Wapung Shnong, Bah Romi Dkhar, gave his full support to the protest led by the VPP leader and urged all the children of Hynniewtrep , Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Lyngngam and Maram to unite and stand together in this protest led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, at the same time he said that “I also thank the Sengbhalang, if there are no Sengbhalang, we would have been discriminated against,” said Bah Ardent. especially in other nations".
Conrad called upon all the party workers and supporters to work harder to ensure that the party can hold power without the support of other political parties.
:It is surprising to the HYC that the jobs that the Khasi can still do have been handed over to foreigners.
On the other hand, the President of JYF said, “We don't want to see such an incident, what we want is the peace and stability of our fellow citizens living in the border areas.
Among the stones, Mawteh is the largest and tallest stone in the South West Khasi Hills District.
They are Charles Pyngrope and George B Lyngdoh of the TMC, who will never be able to leave under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma; Jemino Mawthoh is from the UDP; Himalaya Shangpliang of the NPP is still in power while Conrad K Sangma and some of his former members are still in the party.
Shillong, Nailar, 20: In preparation for the upcoming elections in the state, especially the drama between the parties in the MDA, The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Saturday held its Triennial Conference to discuss the strengthening of the party in the zones and circles.
Bormanding Nonglang, Leader of Mawdoh Constituency, said that the decision of Kimfa S Marbaniang to join the NPP has upset not only the supporters, but all the leading leaders of the NPP. Congress is the constituency.
“Today I received a commission of T50,000 thousand tyngka,” said Hiram and immediately showed T500 to his wife. helped us a lot.
He said that according to the rules of the government, shops selling tobacco have been banned from selling inside schools and at least the shops should have a distance of about 300 meters. and those who violate these rules shall be punished according to these rules of law.
Since 2013, the electricity distribution has reached nearly two lakh circuit kilometers, connecting the entire country to a single frequency grid.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the Deputy Secretary in-charge Land has been directed to issue the Circular immediately and to provide a copy to the KHAD ( Act, 2021 to all banks and savings banks to comply with the following guidelines.
Shadap Manner urged the Fathers of the Archbishop's House to inform the office if there are any dead trees to replace them.
Nongpoh: U Bah Shiningstar Kharpati of Umpling village, Shillong, has drowned in the Nongmahir Pond while he was trying to go fishing with two friends.
In front of them was the Red Sea and behind them Pharaoh's war horses and army were ready to kill and take back the Israelites.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Shillong Lajong FC will be able to witness the I-League matches again in Shillong. The tournament will be held at the Polo Ground after the club has been promoted to the tournament.
There will be special songs from the CEs of South India, North India, NEICE Union, KJP Western Synod, Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod, Mawkhar Church, Mawprem CE Society, Jowai CE Society, Pynthorumkhrah CE Society and others.
The funeral service was conducted by the HSPDP in collaboration with the district administration of West Khasi Hills. They were taken to another IB house of the PWD where Ma Ieid used to stay when he used to come to Nongstoin. when you are alive; After that, he was taken to New Nongstoin Square.
According to the residents, the fire destroyed all the belongings in the temple and the fire was terrible.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong Union and the KSU have demanded from the Minister to provide financial assistance from the department through the Meghalaya Environment Protection and Restoration Fund (MEPRF) to improve the beauty of the river. Kupli and to live together with the residents of the area.
Referring to the many disasters around the world which have resulted in the deaths of many innocent people, the Chief Guest also urged all the groups involved to be be prepared and to use the experience gained through the conduct of mock drills in the event of such disasters.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 22: The Seng Khasi is one of the traditional religions of the Khasi people which still holds the customs and traditions of the past. the identity and uniqueness of the Hynniewtrep people.
In addition, the next night, several people were arrested who were involved in breaking into the house and committing crimes against the house of Maheh.
Children do not feel useful to go to school when teachers do not have the responsibility and knowledge to explain the lessons in a way that the children can understand.
The union also congratulates the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, on the reply to their request for information on the permission of the meeting, where the DC said that the meeting will be held at Assam Club, Laban. , on May 31, 2021, is limited to 20 people.
The festival, which was organized in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police and the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, was held at Umkei village inside the stadium.
The reason for our opposition is how quickly the four political parties demanded the removal of the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Patrim from the CEM and Hima Mylliem, on the issuance of NOC to foreigners. We are surprised that on the 7th of this month, when the Sengbhalang came to lodge a complaint with the KHADC and when this news spread quickly on social media, the Election Committee The Umsning Town Dorbar on the same night has issued a notice for the nomination of candidates for the post of Rangbah Shnong in 6 villages under the Umsning Town War amidst the spread of corona virus.
The mother of the child, Wiki Lawriniang, said that they had planned to take him to Tirot Singh Civil Hospital, Mairang but due to the fall of trees in the middle of the road, the vehicles were forced to stop. They were rushed to Laitdom PHC but sadly the child died at the same hospital.
At this meeting, many issues related to the reduction of traffic jam in Shillong especially during school hours were discussed.
The people who received land in RR Colony include Sitesh Chandra Doy, Jananda Kumar Bhattarcharjee, Brojendra Kumar Dey, Sevarani Das, Binapani Choudhury, Dalip Singh, Kalipada Bhattarcharjee, Kandarpa Behari Goswami, PC Purkayastha, Dhirosh. , Rupaswar Sarkar, Moheswar Roy, Pravet Kumar Bhattarcharjee, Guragobindo Chakravarty, Sandhyarani Biswas, Harendra Kumar Choudhury, Bhusan Chakravarty, Gouripati Chakravarty, Nalini Kumar Bhattarcharjee, Hripendra Mohondra Dhar Chakras Gimars Ramandracharjee, N by Partners , Anupam Son, Chandra Chakravarty, Mohendra CH Chowdhury.
He said that he does not know exactly how far the work has progressed because all the works have been monitored by officers and engineers.
The bridge is located below the Fish Sanctuary at Moolashah which falls within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong.
Customs such as the observance of sacred laws, the prohibition of excessive destruction of the environment such as forests, the protection of shyngiar and other water sources by wisdom, traditional laws against hunting, has helped to protect the environment and living things in the State.
Bah Monarch ShabongI don't know whether it is necessary to say that it is only the 5th of November, as the day of remembrance for teachers, because in these days, we have been remembering from time to time and we have been reading also. their writings on various subjects; But the most important are their demands for their salaries, their arrears and many others, because these demands have remained in the plan of the State Government.
ABVP leaders clarified that Kamlesh Singh is a student of NEHU, as he is studying at IGNOU which is located within NEHU and everyone can come and take part in various festive programmes. Christmas, Holi or other festivals.
Here we see sin and the wrath of God and when God is angry he sends destruction.
Meanwhile, at least 413 people have been killed in Gaza after Israel launched an attack in retaliation for a Hamas attack on Israel.
Jowai, June 04: As part of the implementation of the order issued by the Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya in accordance with letter No.FOR/CC/2/2017/915, Dt.26/3/2 the order of the National Green Tribuna (NGT) in O.A No.172/2
Regarding the programme, Subhash Ch.
The KSU has alleged that the Aadhaar registration has been done in a slow manner inside the factory and it is highly suspected that there is something behind it and the KSU has immediately suspended the registration of Aadhaar names as most of the foreigners are foreigners. migrant workers from Assam and other states who do not have any documents to prove that they are citizens of India.
Two doctors of Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi have tested positive for the virus, including a male doctor and a female doctor, who is studying PG at the University of Delhi. Department of Biochemistry.
Bah David Kharsati, said that it is the custom when working in any job that no matter how much work within 10 years there should be no interruption and it should be ensured when working.
On the other hand, Ms Tyllimon Khongjoh said that the village is fortunate to receive such a training which benefits the farmers.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, on Tuesday said that he has directed officers from the Food and Civil Supplies Department of the district to investigate after receiving more information. from the government farmers who did not receive any foodgrains in Wahkhen.
“Curfews should not be allowed at any time, as they are the cornerstones of the development of the people and the state,” she said.
Congratulating the students who passed the year 2020, the Governor expressed his satisfaction that despite the presence of this disease and the difficulties caused by it, but the students have not given up. delay in completing their studies.
So what happened to Israel is happening all over the world today.
The report also stated that the land is GAD land and the Seng Samla Shnong has opposed the construction of the Mobile Tower. It is also known that on GAD land, the government does not need to apply for NOC for the implementation of any development works.
On the other hand, the CM said that the state government has already sent a letter to the Central Government for the immediate inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. .
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the party wants the country and the nation to get recognition under the Constitution of the country. India and abroad.
With your support, I have been able to do many things in these five years across the state and in Tura as well,” he said.
The women's tournament is part of the promotion of the value of women in the sport.
Krishan Pal – Minister of State in the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment6.
This was confirmed after an inspection by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek who inspected the completion of the GNM Nursing School at Pahamsyiem. There are still a few parts to be completed before the school can be opened to the public or started operating.
Khliehriat, June 18: The Deputy Commissioner of Supply Department, East Jaintia Hills District today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of June 2022 in East Jaintia Hills District.
We have informed them all through the ksiang and we are waiting for a reply from them,” said the CM. I said that while the talks are ongoing, we will have to look at many areas and that the talks can be held. “It will be held together with the groups involved from the central government, the state government and also from their side, and we will see how to proceed,” he said.
Shillong: The Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese, strongly condemns anyone who takes advantage of the beliefs and feelings of the Catholic Church through social media which appears in the image of Jesus, Mary, and The priests and religious of the Church have been used in an improper manner and affect the faith and feelings of the Catholic Church throughout the Jowai Diocese.
During the meeting, local products were exhibited and promoted, which has contributed to the income growth and richness of the area.
If what the HNLC says is true, it means that this Government is a BAMSAP and MUTLOP Government. It is up to India to reveal the secrets of the MDA Government. The voice from all over the country is that everyone wants change so that there will be no BAMSAP, but here it is not as it has been revealed.
“Every year such incidents happen when there is no heavy rainfall, which affects the traffic, but I have already directed the NHIDCL not to Be prepared when such incidents occur to immediately remove these stones so that there will be no damage to traffic.
The Trade Fair was inaugurated by Kong R Manner, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District and wished the SHG to benefit from the market to continue their activities.
Amen (This sermon is based on the articles of Suraya Dadoo and Nkosi Mlambo.
The officers said that the ban is due to the fact that many of them are mining illegally, without permission from the authorities such as Mining Leases and NOCs, according to the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules, also violation of the NGT order in 2013 and according to the order of the High Court in
Ms Pasah said that the increase in drug users is due to the fact that there are those who smuggle drugs, so the awareness programs should be strengthened to explain to the public about the harmful effects of drugs. Drug abuse affects not only the families but also the community and the society, therefore it is necessary to strengthen such awareness programs to the public, she urged especially the parents and all sectors of society to cooperate with government departments, as well as NGOs in order to curb the smuggling of drugs and also to curb fight against the evils that result from drug abuse.
As soon as he saw Rowell, he greeted him and asked, “Why did you come to sit here?” “Yes, I'm too cold to sit upstairs. day" he replied.
To meet those demands, funds are needed and this scheme is one of the main sources of assistance for MLAs to distribute assistance.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr. Wanweiroy Kharlukhi in the presence of JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat, MCS: Additional Deputy Commissioner, Principal of JHADC Dr. DG Lyngdoh, B. Mawlong, MCS Director MBMA, A. Malniang, General Manager DCIC WJH, B. Langbang, DBO Thadlaskeiñ, MDCs and others were invited.
See you on the 9th of November.
They expressed their strong opposition to the demand for their own state, to protect the indigenous people from foreigners, to stop the use of Kiki militants to divide Manipur, and also to They demanded that the Prime Minister should not resign.
We have raised our concerns with the Government but they think that the people living on the border are stupid.
In this regard, the Thoubal district Education Department has decided to provide educational facilities for these children who live in shelters within the district boundary.
Badondor Marbaniang was named Man of the Match.
He expressed his confidence that the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana introduced and implemented by the Government of India, Meghalaya will be able to reap the benefits from the Ministry of Food Processing.
The current Priest or Pondit of the Durga Temple in Nartiang is Oni Deshmukh, who was raised and cared for as his own son for two years by Uttam Deshmukh, a former Pondit, who passed away in 1 June, 2018.
Jyrwa will contest against the incumbent MLA of Mawryngkneng, who is also the NPP candidate, Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
In the next session of the Rajya Sabha, the MP said he would come to speak and discuss the zero hour notice.
Educational Qualification:- The candidate should be a Master’s Degree holder in Economics/ Applied Economics/ Quantitative Economics/ Econometrics/ Statistics with PG Diploma in Project Management from any recognized Institute/ College/ University.
In the past, once you went to school, you knew that you had lost your job.
“If you call me, I'll go,” said Kynsai.
It is a great challenge for the state government in front of the four states of the North East like Mizoram, Tripura, Manipur and Assam, as this highway connects these states.
It cannot be explained in relation to C and Cj because it can be left to those experts from the Amwi and Lyngam speaking villagers or other areas.
Therefore, if the Hima authorities cannot immediately curb the benami trade, the future of the people of Jirang Hima is in danger, because the Dkhars once they have become the owners of the pateng trade will gradually become the owners. to the land of the spirit.
He said that when these nine villages elect Rangbah Shnong, the Sanad or syrnod must be approved by both the Syiems.
John Cajee, General Secretary of Nongthym Sports Club, said that at 9 pm, he received a tip from the Chowkidar of the stadium that a The song was played well in the stadium.
The tax, which was 12 parts, has been changed to 4 parts and includes T.1.8 to T.3 lakh, of which they will pay T.500; T.3-5 lakh will have to pay T.1000, T.5 to T.7.5 lakh will have to pay T.1500 and more than T.7.5 lakh will have to pay T.2,5
“The place I heard about while I was in Singapore with 36 others because while we were at the conference there was a fashion show where it was announced that 70% of the clothes used by these girls were women. I'm from Umden,” said Maheh Lapang.
What is more sad these days is that we see in the newspapers that the government does not have a garbage dump in Shillong and also in Jowai.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has deployed 119 personnel of the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) in Meghalaya.
On the same day, police also raided Umshong (EJH) area and arrested five persons identified as Sabir Hussain (24), Saidur Rahaman (28), Md. Sahid Uddin (30), Abdul Salam (33) and Hasmat Ali were arrested while they were drawing water from the coal mine.
This article was published in U Nongsaiñ Hima and has spread around the country through the media.
Shillong, July 29 : The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) has elected new office bearers for the 2023-23 term at an election held at Govt.
However, he won the fourth round by throwing 82.27 meters and did not compete in the final round as he had already beaten DP Manu, who won the silver medal.
I don't want to be surprised when I hear “Babu, don't you accept the Khasi? "It's not like I'm going to be able to visit the Principal College of Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister's Under-12 Football Tournament has been held for the boys and girls of different blocks in the district. has come to an end.
Shillong, Lber 24: Rahul Gandhi has opposed the decision of the Congress-led UPA II government. Under the tenure of Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh to introduce an ordinance to protect any MLA, MP from being nominated if they are sentenced to imprisonment for more than two years in a court. in this apot at this time.
The General Secretary of the JSU, Samla Treiborlang R Suchen, said that it is not right to spend time and days only on the ILP talks with the government. The meeting to discuss the ILP Act with the government without any hesitation while the mynder are smuggling every day into our state by allowing them to set up shops through some village leaders.
During his visit to South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, he inspected the 100 bedded Civil Hospital, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat and other development projects under MGNREGA. you are in Mawpon.
Showing these data from 219 girls and 238 boys, Dr. Melarisha Nongrum, while speaking on the occasion of the launch of the book, 'Children at Risk', said: They said that they have also spoken to 228 parents to complete the survey.
Shillong: To open the way for the 805 people who have not paid their taxes to the government for many years, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that The Government of Meghalaya today decided to introduce the Amnesty Taxation Ordinance.
He said that the Qutb Minar is another religious building and has nothing to do with the mosque, which was built nearby.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now entered its 40th day with Laitjem CC and Sohra Combine CC winning their first match on 22nd June.
On the other hand, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh in her speech said, “In our efforts to promote economic development and opportunities, the Government of Meghalaya under the leadership of the Prime Minister has launched 14 Horti Hubs. to promote flower cultivation and generate many jobs outside the sector.
Speaking to media, he said that if the land owners and the chiefs oppose the construction of the railway line, the council will stand on the same ground.
The Meghalaya High Court has suspended the powers of Rangbah Shnongs in 2015 and now it is necessary for these Rangbah Shnongs to act as strong authorities and that is that they should not be as civil society, but to have the power to interfere and control government servants or as it is known, as third class magistrates.
He too would be better off if he continued to attend night classes to complete his degree.
After that, we had a brief conversation with him at his office in Lai Mer.
Hundreds of residents of Khliehtyrshi village led by Waheh Shnong Ma Kitbok Rymbai have gathered men and women to patrol to stop the garbage trucks coming from Jowai and planning to dump garbage at Pangit Khliehtyrshi. Saturday.
Nongpoh, Nailur 29: The Executive Member in charge of Trade, Bah Gigur Myrthong together with MDCs and Enforcement Officers of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today visited Killing area in Ri Bhoi District to inspect M/s Concord Stone LLP, M/s Concord Stone LLP, has been closed down in the Killing area. The EM and other MDCs of the KHADC have received information that they do not have a trading license and other documents authorized by the KHADC. Foreigners have been willing to interfere in the trade through the quarries without the permission of the Council under the United Khasi Jaintia Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation Act.
The swearing-in ceremony was conducted by Justice Wanlura Diengdoh, Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
To strengthen services in the tourism sector, it is necessary to improve the landscape by improving the Sohra River, the Noh Kalikai Area, the foot of the Dainthlen, the Umiam River flowing into Mawphu. The Shyngoid said that they should become community tourist destinations, because the tourism service is expensive and requires large investments, which private stakeholders alone cannot provide without large scale development.
“And the feet of Jesus shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east; and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west; magnificent.
The delegation was sent by Home Minister Amit Shah after talks with Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma. because this team will visit both states.
“The action of these BSF troops without any reason has surprised the shopkeepers because they don't find any smuggling of sugar outside the country but they sell it only inside this market. Whether it is only within the jurisdiction of Meghalaya or within India,” said Shimbor.
“Our ancestors tried to build and maintain the foundation, but corruption, theft and robbery have overwhelmed and destroyed the rule of law and morality in society.
On the Congress' support to the NCP by sending the candidate announced by Moon Lyngdoh, Banri said it is not that he has said anything bad about Moon, “But the truth is. “The Congress has understood that it has not reached anywhere, its candidate has tried to run but it doesn't feel like it,” he said.
The school which received these donations through the RBYF is St.Joseph English Medium School, which was built by the Shnoing and supported by the people for the development of the school. The education of the children in this Ummat area.
“Besides, speaking on the success of the fish farming mission, the Minister said that fish production in the state has increased from 32 percent to 50 percent.
The HYC Upper Shillong Circle led the rally at Sawmer Shiteng and was joined by various organizations from Upper Shillong and other places to express their condolences.
In a statement to the media, VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, urged the people to give their strong support to the candidates whom the party will nominate in the upcoming elections. The party has not yet decided on the candidates for the 2024 MP and MDC elections in the state.
On the other hand, the President of the HNPF, EJH, Marshall Biam, strongly condemned the government for taking too seriously.
He said that this Block Office will also serve as a bridge to connect the working methods of the government and the people.
Through the implementation of Operation Kaveri, India has been able to rescue them from Sudan to the Saudi Arabian city of Jeddah where they have been able to return home.
The fighting was reportedly intense this morning between the two sides.
On 14/02/2022, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has upgraded the hospital from CHC to Civil Hospital. The number of new cases of COVID-19 in the State has risen to 160 on Tuesday.
JSU will help from Alpha to Khliehriat.
All the arrested persons and the seized goods have been handed over to the relevant department for action according to the law.
He said that the party has made it clear that if the Government of India intends to mine uranium, the party will not allow it at all, but it should first shed the blood of uranium. that paid the nation.
It is also worth mentioning that many of the foreigners who do not have permits and especially the authorities who came from Bangladesh, who have been arrested in different parts of the state have passed through this area.
After the government ordered the stay at home to prevent the spread of Coronavirus, the increase in the price of beverages has severely affected the day laborers from the muster roll workers who receive their salaries two or three times a year. It also affects the farmers and even those poor workers.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that this year, the government is in talks with the Social Justice Ministry on the plan to build a stadium for those with disabilities. The Specially Abled stadium will be built in the same area where the National Games 2022 stadium will be built.
Agriculture is time dependent and requires timely work to ensure success.
“I found that the employees of the CWC are more comfortable because if I am not mistaken, the money has been spent for more than a year.
The party will follow up on all these issues mentioned in the election campaign with the Government of India.
He said that the programs and objectives of the BJP Government in Delhi are designed to look after all the citizens of the country, the citizens of the state, in urban and rural areas.
Guwahati: An infant, who was pronounced dead by doctors at a private hospital, has resurrected before being cremated.
He said that this is an obstacle for the local contractors, as now the application process is online and this makes it easier for foreign companies to get jobs without getting the jobs. to Pre- deposit Trading license.
Many times when I remember, My childhood;
“The Congress is already in the ICU and we don't know what will happen to it.
and other ongoing duties of teachers,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
When it came time for AJCA to score the target, they scored runs quickly and their batsmen played only to avoid falling wickets and it took 15 overs and lost 6 wickets and scored only 85 runs.
The KSU and BVKJWO leaders also threatened that if the police do not do anything, they will hold a strong protest and warned the politicians not to talk about the incident. Bah Wanbor Pdang, General Secretary of BVKJWO, said that if the police department does not do anything, there will be a serious incident, in which the police will have to take responsibility. Hailakandi district, by phone, confirmed that the child, who was kidnapped by the robbers, will be released and those involved will be arrested.
According to the order issued by Kong Kurbah, commercial vehicles (Bus STPS, Maxi Cab SSTS and Taxi) ending in numbers 1,3,5,7,9 will pass through this road; from Kashari Point to Khyndailad and Motphran on Tuesday, Tuesday and Thursday.
Mawphanlur: West Khasi Hills is another area that has started to grow rapidly in the tourism industry.
Among the candidates who have filed their nomination papers are NPP National President and Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, Lok Sabha MP and MPCC President Vincent H. Pala, TMC Parliamentary Party Leader and Minister. Former UDP President and Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh, PDF President Banteidor Lyngdoh, HSPDP President KP Pangniang, VPP President Dr. Ardent Basaiawmoit, BJP leader AL Hek.
“The people should not elect their leaders without knowing the reasons,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Lumshyiap.
There was also a suggestion to create new constituencies.
They also requested the government to punish severely if anyone is found involved in this crime so that others will not be involved.
Even after the club loses its CEO, the club will also prepare for the Europa Conference League next season, which is a journey. its first on the European continent since the 2010-11 season.
“It may be a frightening task, but I believe that everything is written in the holy book from the beginning of peace to the end of its cover.
Edar, who has decided to support the RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin, campaigned at a rally in Jatah on Friday.
To understand better, even the own children still find it difficult to look after their own parents, how much more so for the sisters who have to look after dozens of such children.
It is therefore necessary that those leaders who are well experienced should explain to their heirs the duties and powers of the leadership position so that those who take over after them do not find themselves in trouble.
Roshan Warjri said that at present, there are not less than 300 prisoners in the Shillong District Jail, so to reduce the overcrowding in the jail, the government has decided to relocate the prisoners. About 50 prisoners have been admitted to the District Jail, she added.
If we want to survive in the future, let us take responsibility for protecting the environment and don't wait until it's too late, because it's useless to cry when the milk is gone. Before the environment is destroyed and affected by the destruction of mankind, it is time for us to say together let us stand up to protect the environment, because the environment is the I have given you life.
Besides Synshar, other candidates for the election are Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, SO Osborne Kharjana of the Congress, Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP, Stodingstar Thabah of the HSPDP. The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Kumar Mishra, witnessed the funeral of 189 police officers. The North Eastern Police Academy (NEPA) has completed the 51st training course in various fields starting from 18th June,
Nongpoh, June 27: An Assam Sumo (AS-01-GC-2861) has overturned on the NH-6 at Pahamsyiem village, opposite Bethany Hospital.
An IAF C-130J with 116 people on board was flown to Jeddah.
It is suspected that the fire started from the jain and spread to other nearby shops.
Two iPads, a jacket, a T-shirt, two pairs of juti, a human being, two knives were also seized from the family of Wazid Hussein. squash rackets, seven lighters, a bottle of Vaseline and a stick.
They held a public meeting and met the Chief Minister to express their opposition and asked whether the government intends to disrupt the unity of the Hynniewtrep people.
Some of the Congress MLAs including Government Ministers and Parliamentary Secretaries have spoken out saying that although there has been a suspension of jobs for them to work within their positions, it has been. They don't have the name and they just sit idly by, while they can't do the job because they have been opposed from all sides by the Chief Minister.
“I would like to clarify that this Amendment relates to the allocation of ST and SC. Initially, only 10 years was extended for ST/SC and this has continued for the past 70 years and now for 10 years now.
SC Laloo, ADC and CEO of Jowai Municipal Board, said that the main purpose of the Commission is to seek information on the welfare of the people. Karmacharis (Kharmetor) and others working in garbage cleaning.
“At first I didn't believe that Maheh Don had died, but after I called three people to confirm that Maheh had died, I believed,” he said. and the Metbah.
Finally, a short speech was delivered by Professor Dr.A.Kharmalki in which she expressed her happiness that she has been able to complete the writing of this book and publish it for the benefit of the readers. in various schools and colleges in the state.
In Sohra, the turnout was 82.38% and in Shella, 73.95%.
There are suggestions from doctors that drinks such as alcohol, coffee and others, destroy sleep and prevent us from sleeping.
Therefore, we as the office bearers of the party 1-Nartiang NPP Block Committee have to explain here.
He said that although a lot of money has been spent, but the jobs have not been done and this shows that there has been no increase and it is clear that many of the jobs are corrupt.
This is the forced preservation of food, even if it has been stored for a long time, such as fish, meat and others.
In the 55 KG Group category, Same Wanpaswet of Iconic Strength and Fitness came first, followed by John Paul Dapjingshai Langstieh of Singer Gym came second. Rajyantha Debarma (Muscle Excess Fitness Gym) came in third.
“The purpose of the tree planting is to protect the environment and to conserve water and urge the people to take care not to destroy the forests because if the forests are lost, the water will be lost. , said Mr. Croningstar.
They tried to clean and delete the videos recorded through CCTV.
Replying to this, the Minister said that the corpus fund is not only for the payment of salaries but also for other needs of the government.
In this regard, the union demands that the MeCL at the top of the state, should reverse the price of mur to charge vehicles from the people, for the benefit of all.
In his concluding remarks, the Governor urged the community to work together to free the state from drugs.
He also urged the leaders of the miners to keep their promise and to avoid the water wells so that it will not affect the drinking water supply of the village.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Agnes Kharshiing President of CSWO, said that the CSWO has nothing to do with the procession or creating trouble on the 26th of this month. The incident in Motphran has nothing to do with the party, she added.
“We expected as a college that Ridalin would be a student who would honor the college and also shine in the field of education but at the wrong time. I thought this sad news had happened.
Then it is said that at first he was afraid.
All the schools which participated in the tournament were North Liberty HSS, Jowai Public School, ATS, KJP HSS, Khimusniang Secondary School, Lummoro Secondary School, Shangpung, Khadar and St. Mary's Secondary School. Mazzarello Secondary School and Chestar SS, while the schools with the highest number of participants were Jowai Public School, North Liberty HSS and KJP HSS. Under-13 (Singles/Doubles), Under-15 (Singles/Doubles) and Under-17 (Singles/Doubles) for boys and girls in all categories.
Therefore, the union has demanded that the school authorities should take immediate action to resolve these problems.
Armstrong Lyngdoh, Junior Engineer (JE) of PWD, Mawhati Division, was also injured in the incident.
We have a strict law on the sale of land where foreigners are not allowed to buy land as they wish.
They plant all kinds of crops and harvest the umsyep but when it comes time to harvest rice, sying and harvest sohsaw or kubi and other vegetables, the farmers don't get the right price. they deserve to be sold.
Kiang Nangbah HS School beat Police Public HS School 2-1 while North Liberty HS School beat Jowai Govt School 2-1
This is what you have called the pateng.
Shillong, Nailur 25: A TV shop at Them Motor (Punjabi Line) caught fire at 7:20 pm hours before the start of the night curfew. afternoon
A Mahindra Pick-up has to pay T.15,000 as tax,” he said.
God did not dwell in Solomon's temple but in Solomon's heart.
Speaking to reporters, SSSS General Secretary Rickykupar Pathaw said that the KHADC has not been able to answer all the questions raised by the SSSS through the Public Information Act. He said that out of the 8 questions requested by the KHADC, only 2 have been answered and 6 have not been answered.
Hek said that to address the problems faced by these private hospitals and the public who go for treatment at these hospitals, the department has set up a Consultative Committee to discuss and bring the decision to agree with all.
“The AITC on 30th November, demanded the appointment of IIT Rourkee to investigate the collapse of the house at the new Legislative Assembly in Mawdiangdiang.
JOWAI: The National People's Party (NPP) has held a silence to express its condolences on the bomb blast by CRPF troops on a rebel group in which 40 soldiers were killed.
