“This project will have up to 12 cables and the implementation will be similar to that in Europe,” he said.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, through the Chief Secretary, MS Rao, has issued an order to close down all tourist attractions in the state, including Parks from 17th to 31st October 2020, as part of the prevention of the spread of Corona Virus.
Two days after being abducted by three unidentified militants, the BM said he was driven for 40-50 kilometers before being rescued this morning.
In this regard, the union will soon meet with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC to discuss and inform about the decision taken by the union.
It is learned that the state government officials did not agree with the Minister and said, 'Yes madam' because education is a matter of the state government and the central government spends money.
We have done this so that others can understand the value of music which is much more valuable than storytelling".
However, it was seen that although the MP election is getting worse between the Congress and the ethnic parties, the election of Narendra Modi has not stopped. The constituency of Bah Paul Lyngdoh has been defeated.
“The decision of the Supreme Court is a pleasant decision for everyone, because before the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) there was talk that we don't have the right to the land and the wealth. “It belongs to the Government of India,” said Bah Lahkmen.
On the 21st of November, Bah Nongtraw received another email from Bah Kharkrang, in which he said, “Bah Sain Kyrmen, you have received my emails that I sent earlier but I haven't received them yet. get no answer from you.
What is needed now is to pray to God that he will raise up another like him in this generation.
The total receipts are expected to reach T.16,068 crore while the total expenditure is T.18,881 crore. , revenue expenditure was T.15,376 crore and capital expenditure was T.3,505 crore.
The deceased include 9 years old, 8 years old, 6 years old and 4 years old.
W Passah Retd.HOD Electronics St.Edmund’s College.
There are 209 soldiers in the battalion and many of them have been tested to confirm whether others are infected.
Rs 200 crore has been allocated for assets related to digital opportunities in healthcare sectors while earlier there was no such allocation.
The bih sein iong has flowed in many villages, and now it has been announced by the authorities that the supply will be distributed to those in need. “Wow! Wow! It can be translated as “Woe – Woe” – sorry sorry.
Conrad said that hundreds of schools have been built and will be rebuilt by the government at a cost of up to Rs 500 crore.
The Sengbhalang of the Khasi Khara was founded on the 23rd November 1899, and was named “SENG KHASI”.
Therefore, we would like to urge the public not to hesitate to refuse to provide information on ATC Cards including PIN as ATMs do not ask for this information.
The death toll from Coronavirus has risen sharply around the world and in India, travel has been banned in 13 states and 80 districts.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The CSWO has threatened to file a murder case against UCIL (Uranium Corporation of India Ltd) if it continues to mine uranium despite the opposition of the people.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, has issued a notice through the Principal Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya. The documents required for registration are Voter's ID/EPIC Card of Meghalaya, Birth Certificate (for applicants under 18 years of age). ), passport size and Aadhaar card.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the workers who come from other districts to East Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi District will be allowed to work in the country. They have not been allowed to return to their respective districts as it could be dangerous if they return to their villages.
They should think that from their fish ponds, it should be the production of fish for the State itself in order to avoid the import of fish from abroad.
He said that the word “Village Council” should be removed because in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills there are Hima, Raid and Shnong Dorbars, while in GHADC in Garo Hills the word “Village Council” should be removed. to be maintained because there has been a law passed by the House of Representatives since 1948.
The JSU has demanded that the BSF should better patrol the zero line, as there are many robbery from Bangladeshis who are accustomed to stealing and destroying their rice and other crops. The JSU also demanded the immediate removal of the BSF troops standing on the roads so that there will be peace in the village and there will be no tragic incident.
A total of 15 teams participated in the tournament including 9 men's and 6 women's teams.
“Besides the Blue Revolution, the state government through the Meghalaya Mission Scheme will provide financial assistance to the people to set up their own businesses in the Dohkha industry to enable the state to produce more Dohkha to meet the demand. " said Bah Hek.
“If we read the Bill, it is understood that whether you are a landlord or not, you are prosecuted as a tenant.
“Prime Minister and Government Ministers, we still have hope and we pray that the days ahead will be better.
She said that this is not the first time that the church of the Mawpun Presbyterian Church has been robbed twice.
Doesn't the State Government have anyone to look after the bills that will be taught in schools by the Governor? We urge the Government to send back the MRSSA Amendment Bill to the Governor through an Ordinance or by calling a Special Session for his signature without delay”.
The program includes well-designed training methods, including virtual riding simulators, discussions and feedback using Kiken Yosoku Training (KYT), and for those who already drive two wheels to further improve their skills through slow driving and also driving on narrow roads.
As soon as Rida entered the shop, her Niakha was happy and asked first, “Where are you going...?” She looked at Rida. “It's too late for Niakha to tell you either.
Patterson, a former US Coast Guard guard, was taken for questioning in Cobb County.
They also said that while there are some we have been waiting for from Assam and everything we have been waiting for from Assam and this waiting of ours has caused a lot of problems in all their aspects. need.
In 2019, the Seng Khasi Kenmynsaw Syntein, Mawsynram Syiemship, sent a letter to the Chairman of the National Commission for Minorities, requesting the recognition of the Khasi religion as a minority religion in India.
Mizoram scored the first goal in the 16th minute and lasted until the end of the first half.
In this match, both the teams played strongly from the start.
It is not because of the beauty of the dress but because of the reasons that have been collected since ancient times.
If a nation is to survive and move forward, it is essential that it be understanding and use its eyes and mind to decide and imagine.
However, if the Reservation Policy is not discussed and only the Roster System is discussed, it is impossible because they are related issues.
The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be distributed in the amount of 35 kg per AAY FI Card at the price of T.3/- for urban and rural residents.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 26: As part of the Seng Kynthei Shnong Upper Nongjri on Saturday to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of child marriage and at the same time to provide training to the youth in Nongpoh. A training on child marriage was held at the Durbar Hall of Upper Nongjri.
The right to good and adequate roads to the villages has not been addressed, the need for adequate drinking water to the villages has not been addressed, the shortage of There is no one to look after the education and health care facilities, without looking at other shortcomings in all aspects, but now the one who should have looked after the entire District has been removed from the District.
He will ask questions that should be asked in a democracy.
If these are found in people with diabetes or those who use steroids, doctors should be informed immediately for treatment.
Royson Joseph, owner of Roy Tourism, owns 20 buses, but has sold 10 of them in the past 10 years due to a sharp decline in income. these days.
At the same time, all political parties talk about their goals for the people.
These GNLA fighters surrendered with their weapons on the grounds that they no longer agree with the GNLA's working methods. They surrendered were Serejing Kdeing N Sangma as Dy Commander, Chicko A. Sangma alias Indian, Dy Commander, Oprai Osom alias Horinath Rabha (sergeant) of ULFA, Sengbarth K Marak alias Nengman (ULFA), Nikseng Ch Sangma alias Robot, Abikpil Ch Marak alias Walseng, Lando G Momin of Bilbar, Chandro N Sangma of Rakam, Sengrik M Sangma of Kerika, Jil C Marak of Kalmut, Anurag S Sangma of Mike Aubry, Tengrak R Marak of Rakam. They were from Saljong, Lekston A Sangma was born from Dangtap, Bairut was born from Tangbang, Talrik N Sangma was born from Jasbel or Lambu.
Because it is said that these places also take advantage of the drinkers when they don't know anyone else even when these drinkers pay money after drinking.
Mothers and children in need of care do not receive assistance from the health department.
The conference is also part of the efforts of the Government of India under the leadership of Modi to free the country from the menace of drugs.
Promising that he has set a target to improve education in the constituency, he said that as a leader he will continue to work with the school authorities to improve them for the sake of the students.
Shillong: U H Brolding Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan, who was sworn in as Minister of State on 18th November 2019, has been appointed by the Water Resources Department and the Civil Defense and Home Guards Department.
Shillong: The leaders of the Church of Jesus Christ Riatsamthiah, today launched the Khasi Worship Album, which is titled “Jingjop”.
Assam has received the status of a full State under the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
As they could not take a decision, the DC who conducted the meeting said that he will send information to the government so that it can consider again.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone will be married on 14th and 15th November
Women in Meghalaya are known for their hard work and good work.
Tynjooh, is this Blai? Iow tip the Bru world.
He announced that the new C&RD Block at Namdong will be opened on the 21st of this month.
Therefore, it is not a misunderstanding of the ILP Act, 1873 and the Excise Act, 1910 but an example, that when the Excise Act, 1910 is in force, it means that the ILP Act is in force. 1873 which is incorporated into Regulation No.
During the meeting, he briefed them on the development works that the government has done for Garo Hills.
Like other necessities of human life, food should be adequate and not too much or too little.
Up to 2 metric tonnes of Mandarin from Narwan village have been transported to Dubai.
The Khasi knows that the blood of the mother is the source of life, so they have to be very careful in this sacred work so that somehow it doesn't fall into the blood of the mother.
Shillong, March 15: Speaking to reporters, the President of the Hynniewtrep United Awakening Movement (HUAM) Seng Kmie, Bah GK Raswai, today expressed his regret over the mismanagement of garbage trucks. The Municipal and Hima Mylliem have polluted and garbaged along the highway from Motphran (Iewduh) to Mawlai and Mawiong. , there are those who don't cover the tarpar and there are those who don't cover the proper way but many of them fall on the road.
He said that the Blue Print prepared by the government and sent to the court is a recent one and does not meet their expectations, because the households are small like the households. sem paro and it is also an attempt to destroy their livelihood.
Therefore, the authorities in charge of the government authorities through the relief schemes for the victims of the natural disasters, were urged to take action to provide assistance as they have done in the past.
With the crowd fully behind him, Sharath didn’t get unduly hassled even after Sathiyan restored parity at 4-4 and 5-all.
Wake up, my friend, and wake up from your sleep.
The recording was directed by Joelan Pariat and make up artist Rica Stella Suting. The song was composed by Amos Suting.
“We hope and believe that through your authority such bloody incidents will not be stopped and we pray that you will take immediate action so that it will be a message of peace by take measures to protect people’s lives and property, restore human rights and bring about unity in accordance with the law of the land, the Constitution of the Republic India, justice must be achieved and justice must stand firm,” said the petition.
Shillong, March 01: The HSPDP has recently elected another candidate in place of Bah Renikton L Tongkhar after the MLA decided to leave the UDP. Shillong, March 01: After 24 days of dismissal, the contract teachers have staged a protest to demand that the government should re-employ them. They cannot be re-appointed and will not call for talks with these teachers.
The date of the talks between the two districts has not yet been fixed, but is scheduled to be held this month.
“What does Hindi do for us? It will make us Shudras.
Shillong: Unidentified robbers have set fire to the bridge leading to Hat Mawdon below Lawbah village on the morning of the 10th of this month. The village of Nonglait before reaching Nongtrai.
Ampareen's remarks came after the government passed the Prevention of Disqualification Bill, 2015 but it did not apply to MLAs. “It is clear that the Ar Maloi Act does not apply to MLAs to contest MDC elections as witnessed by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem who has been the former MLA of Mawsynram in the past years. I have been elected as an MDC as well,” said Kong Amapareen.
In other States, the Central Government has encouraged the establishment of Self Help Groups with the aim of eradicating poverty in India.
In the women's category, Lumparing SC won the trophy by beating Synrop FC Team A 4-1, while West Jaintia Police won the men's veteran category by beating Synrop FC Team A 4-1 PFH FC won 6-3
Deepika is understood to be one of the admins of the WhatsApp group, where they used to discuss drug trafficking in
“About 110 MLA elections have been held in India and three MP elections have been held using EVMs,” said FR Kharkongor. The Election Commission of India (ECI) today held a meeting with the participation of political parties in Shillong.
Not only drivers find it difficult to pass through this road but especially if there are seriously ill patients and those who go to hospitals to give birth, it has been difficult, due to the traffic jam and deterioration of the road. you went to the spirit.
After receiving a complaint from the man, who did not want to be named, the police have conducted a search operation to track down the suspects.
In a complaint sent to FKJGP Sohra Circle, KSU South Khasi Hills, Sohra Maxi CAB Association, Sohra Taxi Owners Association, MCCTD & OA and Saitsohpen Samla Association, he said: On the 6th of this month, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) was shot dead without any reason while conducting a Mobile Court Checking at 5:30 pm at Lad Thanad, Sumo Stand. Saitsohpen Sohra.
Whether the government will revive the factory or do anything else, they will meet separately and the MDC of this area said that according to the management the cost to revive the factory will reach to T.180 crore.
Those present on the occasion included senior members of the MCA and office bearers of the District Cricket Association. The trophy was handed over to Tura DCA by the President of the MCA, Naba Bhattacharjee. The trophy for the runners-up was handed over by the Joint Secretary of MCA, Chiang D Shira to East Garo Hills-DCA. In this age, it has become one of the topics that has affected many adults, because many of them don't know how to use it, but while children and young people who are just growing up don't have it. in them the ability to hold it.
This disease is also known as Cerebro Vascular Accident (CVA) and requires immediate treatment if you get or are affected by it.
...although the culture of the foreigners has spread to these mountains, but the indigenous people have fought hard to preserve their culture and to live and rule independently according to the democracy established by their ancestors...Lah ban kena that although the Foreign Government has a part in the administration of the Hima, it does not interfere in the matters relating to the customs and public administration through the Syiems and Dorbar Hima.
On the bilateral dispute and especially the areas outside Meghalaya, Das said both sides would discuss the issue.
Youths are requested to send photocopies of their marksheets to the Waheh Shnongs of Saphai to Nangryngkoh and Umsalait before the 12th of July.
He encouraged the trainees to use the services of this group especially in terms of higher computer training.
Furthermore, on the 5th of this month, police arrested another drug trafficker named Harendra Singh and a vehicle. Your registration number is NL-01-Q-4
He said that in the state there has been a campaign among the people to feed their children only with breast milk which is the best food, but only after 6 months many have tried to stop it. good.
The Minister also expressed his condolences on the death of Dr Md Moinuddin, a doctor of Sylhet Medical College, who was also the first doctor to die from the disease.
According to investigations, it is highly suspected that the explosion was caused by an IED bomb.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent reminded and explained the reasons why Meghalaya is facing many problems and the people have to suffer, and fight many struggles because of the leaders like Bah Prestone Tynsong. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is from the National People's Party (NPP), said that as leaders, they mislead the voters in 40 ways and the voters also lose every five years.
Robert said that this action of the Congress MLA from Assam is against the decision of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and urged the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Metbah Lyngdoh to take action. Therefore, the part of the rule relating to speech against the House should be repealed.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Batkupar said that the SSA should investigate the misuse of funds and leave it to its discretion not to allow such corruption.
He said that with the abolition of the special status, Meghalaya and the North East no longer receive 90 per cent to 100 per cent of the cost of central government schemes.
However, it was learned that in Jaintia Hills, there has been a smuggling of coal to the coal mining factories in Lumshnong.
According to information received, the MDC hostel is in poor condition due to the lack of management in the hostel which has been set up for the accommodation of MDCs of KHADC. The 29 MDCs who stayed in the hostel were only a few but many of them were accommodated by their relatives or prominent supporters in the election.
This was announced by the Minister of Finance, Zenith M Sangma in the House today on a question by Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
It was at this meeting that the NPP leaders said that if the NPP comes to power after the 2018 elections, Dr Mukul Sangma will be the Minister. The first Rangbah to be arrested and imprisoned for corruption in the state.
“The purpose of the union to inform the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council is to urge the Council as a whole to think carefully and not to issue NoC to the NFR which should look after this project.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Secretary, Bah Wahlang said that this year's theme shows the people that they should do something to rebuild the environment.
After the discussion between the two leaders, Nongthymmai MLA Bah Charles Pyngrope stood up to speak.
The subjects in Civics are also 3 times higher than the subjects in Economics but the marks are the same, ie 17 marks.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, has warned that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has played with the fire that will burn us all.
The Minister said that the state government has taken measures to curb the shortage of funds in the state.
The people across the state have been sitting down to see and judge the facts of who is right and who is wrong.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Deibormi Syad and a short speech was delivered by the Working President of the Block, Ma Piwell Shylla.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah David Kharsati, admitted that he had had talks with the woman who wanted to join the BJP. Fenela has expressed her desire to join the BJP but she has not yet reached a final decision,” said David.
Anyone outside the royal family cannot be king even if the whole kingdom wants him to be king.
“When you have any vision, testify to your documents.
According to reports, the collapse happened this morning and two of the miners were injured in the collapse.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, recently said that there is a political plot behind the opposition to the festival on Sunday.
When we got there, it was true that they had built it like that, but we didn't raise our hands and we didn't carry any weapons, we just went and talked only verbally.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah B Lyngdoh said that the reopening of the stone transportation is through a license and now there are 2 traders, who have received a license, out of 150-200 stone traders, through the Bholaganj's card.
“This problem of transporting or storing LPG cylinder gas is no longer a problem for the public.
“When we have any problems in terms of the rules of procedure in the House, we consult with Marak, he is the master of the rules of procedure,” said Dr Roy.
It is worth mentioning here that although the rules stipulate that on Tuesday the dorbar will be held only until 12 noon, in previous years, due to the busy schedule, the dorbar will continue until 2 pm. spirit and more than that spirit.
He said that if the government does not work together with the authorities, it will be like last year when these tourist attractions were opened and after a while they had to close again.
The new cases include 182 cases from East Khasi Hills, 88 cases from West Garo Hills, 19 cases from Ri Bhoi, 13 cases from South West Garo Hills, 15 cases from Eastern West Garo Hills. 7, East Garo Hills 6, South Garo Hills 6, West Khasi Hills 5 and South West Khasi Hills
To register (perhaps) is not to do online, but if it is, perhaps the State Government, would have provided other formulas and would be happy to be allowed to continue to register, even if it is not allowed. only to the 50 who went to comfort the writers.
According to Bah Rowel, the government after consultation with the people, the political parties will hold a meeting to take a decision to pass a law on Rangbah Shnong.
According to Fr Sngi, no Catholic brothers and sisters will be surprised or opposed to this sincere intention, even if there is no snap in the Catholic Church.
In the second match, Jaïaw Prebyterian SS beat Christ Church Morning School 2-1
“Know that the most famous scientists in the world are from Germany and Israel but they don't speak English, they write and read in their own language but they are the world's leading scientists,” said Bhagaiah.
In West Garo Hills, there are 7 cases and in Ribhoi District, there are 5 cases.
“When you start your business, you should have a sense of responsibility to serve the people and a purpose in you.
Robertjune Kharjahrin also expressed his desire to contest the MP election to the Lok Sabha by saying that the goal is the same but it differs only in the way while he was in the party.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party, which met today, has decided that the election for the party's office bearers will be held in November this year.
The NDA government has passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill whereby Hindus, Parsis, Jains, Sikhs, Buddhists and Christians from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan who came to India before 2014 will become citizens. village in this country.
The power struggle in Assam, since the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, has intensified.
The people there looked down when they saw the rakot.
Bharat Rana alone tied for 57 runs off 85 balls while Kushaldeep Singh of Khalsa Warriors took three wickets for 17 runs in 8 overs. He took 4 wickets and scored 32 runs.
“As I said, we are still in the middle of the bridge, let's cross the bridge first,” he said.
Therefore, according to the MTET Advertisement, DElEd candidates are eligible to apply for the post of Asst.Teacher in UP Schools.
In a statement, MEPA General Secretary John W. Thabah said that MEPA sends its condolences to the family of Kong Ria especially to her children including Bah Andrew W. Lyngdoh. The Editor of Nongsain Hima, Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi Constituency and former General Secretary of MEPA and to all the relatives of the victim.
Melajied Khongbuh said that the KSU has not been involved in the border issues in these areas especially in relation to the football ground.
Nongpoh, Lber 06: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Ri-Bhoi District today demanded that the list of government ministers and leaders of Ri-Bhoi District should be included in the list of ministers. No candidate from Ri-Bhoi District has been nominated for the cabinet in the new coalition government called the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2.0 (MDA-II).
Before sitting down and concluding their speeches, these two leaders congratulated these two organizations for their hard work and spirit to make these two tournaments a success. Eight candidates from all three constituencies of West Khasi Hills District, on 6th June, came to complete their nomination papers before the Returning Officers of WKHD. These eight candidates include three candidates of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) from all three constituencies including Bah KP Pangniang from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, Bah Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit from Nongstoin. Methodius Dkhar, candidate for Mawshynrut constituency.
The Forest Department has expressed its deep concern over the smuggling of stone by Bangladeshis from the Umngot River.
The Cyber ​​Crime Police Station, Meghalaya has taken over the case and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: To avoid accidents, the SP of East Khasi Hills District has conducted a bike training for the residents of the city. danger to life.
I think all the elected leaders of Jaintia Hill, Ri-Bhoi and Khasi Hill regardless of which party they belong to, should immediately demand to amend the OM dated 10th May 2022 and to review the SRP. Likewise, all student organizations, civil society organizations, leaders and the public should forget their differences and unite to advocate on this issue with one voice. Because this affects the livelihood of the children of the Hynniewtrep people.
These residents started in the morning and decided to stay until nightfall if the government does not intervene to resolve the issue.
There are also those who are like that, but no one will leave without food because that is the custom.
After the seizure of many mobile phones from prisoners, Punjab Police Chiefs have tried to implement measures to prevent prisoners from using mobile phones. Punjab will be the first state in the country to reach this milestone.
The National People's Party (NPP) MLAs have elected Conrad K Sangma as the Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) MLAs in Shillong. Mr. Prestone Tynsong.
" He replied, "I don't know what you said at midday.
What is the difference between this year and last year? The answer is that the virus is spreading faster this year than last year.
Furthermore, the teacher explained to the students about the importance of time, the importance of following the preparation time and other important things on how to use time wisely.
On the other hand, he clarified that he has nothing to do with the UDP ticket for the upcoming MP elections as reported in the media.
However, in an interview with several lawyers, they said that there is no problem for the students to submit an affidavit as the affidavit will tell the truth about the income of their parents.
Before the protest of the ILP, it was decided that they will not demand the release of anyone, if there are leaders of any political party. These are the 14 Seng, who are caught.
The incumbent Governor of Jammu and Kashmir is the Governor who ruled Jammu and Kashmir during the reforms.
Therefore, we urge the State Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare not only to provide information in the newspapers, but to get full information especially as we are seeing now at this time.
The project will be funded by the Minority Affairs Department of the Central Government for 90% and the State Government for 10%.
“The state government has spent a lot of money to build the Myntdu-Leshka Hydel Electric Project (MLHEP) but the production of electricity in the state has decreased,” he said.
I am sure that tickets have been sold until the quarters, semi and final.
The Artificial Turf Stadium was constructed at a cost of Rs 10.93 crore through the Ministry of Sports in the presence of Shakliar Warjri Minister of State for Sports, Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang. Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Victor Rani MDC Jirang, Chief Engineer BM Syiem, Rangbah Umbuda Village Council, RBDSA leaders and other officials from government departments, school children and residents. He was from all over the Ri-Bhoi district.
Dhaka: Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina today sent 2,600 kilos of rice to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee.
It is a mistake for the government to introduce an education policy, because even the salaries of teachers, they will have to take to the streets to demand and this is just a political tall claim, she said.
Charles said that the problems faced by Adhoc, SSA and even contract teachers have caused a lot of trouble to the state and deprived the children of their right to education.
Therefore, there is a need to assist these farmers to access modern technology, access to credit, the use of better inputs and more markets to enable them to produce their products. In this regard, the Government has already taken decisions to encourage these farmers who have joined PACS to set up FPOs. FPOs)" under the patronage of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Federal Government.
The funeral service will be held on 19/5/2024 at the Presbyterian Church Wapung School at 2 pm.
He said that there have been complaints from the residents of the village regarding the increase in electricity bill in these months and also the complaints of the bill payers or meter inspectors in the village.
Jowai, July 21: At the one-day meeting on Civic and Citizenship and Peer Education organized by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) at the hall of Banan Village, Nongtalang, Rev.H.H.Mohrmen in his presentation, said that the citizens should understand their duty and not only know how to demand their rights.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) on Tuesday announced that there has been another death from COVID-19 in West Garo Hills district. this death due to COVID, happened again six months later.
The meeting was conducted by Kong Sophia Khongsit, to strengthen the relationship between the Khongsit Kur and the Janong Kur as one. Khongsit's council was held last year.
Stream said the presence of the BSF in the area has caused problems to the people and this is evident from the protest and demand for urgent action.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : The Thynroit Government Lower Primary School was established in 1947 and before 2018 there was no student and teachers but now it has revived. The meeting was attended by the Dorbar Shnong Thynroit, the School Managing Committee, teachers, parents, students and the Chief Executive Member of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The privilege of being inside a car is like being inside a car.
In a statement, the Seng through Samla Lambok Marngar, President and Donald Thabah, General Secretary, said that at this time of crisis and when a dark cloud has covered the house of this man, I pray that God will comfort and heal us as a family that has experienced such incidents.
Shillong, July 21: Robbers broke into the shop of Bah Lawrence Jacob Shanpru in Dhankheti, Shillong on the night of the 20th and stole money and liquor from inside the shop.
It would be very good if today's agricultural scientists would combine old and new knowledge so that farmers can better develop their agriculture and become more productive. to produce much of their agricultural products.
Our love was very strong.
He explained that all the women who came for treatment have recovered after being treated and after the treatment. “I have been treating people for a long time and there has never been any mistake,” said Dr. Gupta.
Therefore, on the inability of the state government to take action on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the party will continue to oppose if the Meghalaya government celebrates the 50th anniversary of the state. “It is true that the state has celebrated its 50th anniversary, but it does not have a proper border,” said Bah Pateng Marsing.
“The Meghalaya government has set up the Meghalaya State Education Commission and is looking into all these.
Any opinion expressed by the MDA (Meghalaya Democratic Alliance) is necessary”.
“The law stipulates that the officers to be appointed in the Lokayukta should be in the rank of Secretary but at that time we faced a problem because there was a shortage of officers so we decided to appoint them temporarily. Therefore, to resolve this, it is necessary to follow the rules and regulations that should be officers in the rank of Secretary above.
It is understood that the contest in Mawthadraishan will be more prominent with the HSPDP, if it has the right candidate.
The robbery happened at 1.30 pm on Saturday, the report said.
He strongly criticized the present NPP-led government for being only a slave to the BJP, citing the example of the present government which has introduced the Aadhaar card where the people have to link. their passbooks and other necessities.
Meanwhile, the Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills, Chinmay P Gotmare, admitted that there has been a smuggling of workers from the district.
Khongstia said that the Khar Bangladeshis have started stealing stone since 2007 but after a while when the KSU took action they stopped and it was in 2015 until now that the stone theft has resumed.
In fact, it was the farmers who were angry against the BJP government and the small farmers who fled from it and eventually collapsed in these states, especially in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
When he found out the reason, he prayed that the Lord God the Creator would deliver him and his whole family and his descendants.
At a function held at the Willard Inter-Continental Hotel in Washington on July 21, India became the 27th country to sign the Artemis Accords.
In a video circulated by Israeli troops at the time, a Ukrainian soldier was reportedly seen emerging from a trench and surrendering in front of Russian troops, while and there was another man that was lying on the ground.
Army Lipon President Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District said that the government has not included the Jaintia word in the State Anthem. to the Jaintia people.
He congratulated all the supporters who were with him, despite many allegations, the people of Mawlai have been together and in every meeting the people have listened to what we want, to which we intend for Mawlai.
Aizawl: U Lal Thanhawla, Chief Minister of Mizoram, today failed to file his nomination papers at the Serchhip, due to protesters who stormed the office of the Returning Officer. They want to remove the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO).
The President of KSU Sohra Circle said that since the month of July this year, the SDO (Civil) Sohra has issued a notice that all workplaces, offices or private properties which are still putting up the sign Cherrapunjee should not be abolished but the Khasi language should be written as Sohra.
U Bah Pde, who lives in Mawngap, has been in critical condition for some time.
The meeting was led by Paul Thyrniang, President and Secretary of the HiTO.
Recently, the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEO) through its Director Kong RM Kurbah has directed the four Deputy Commissioners of Districts in Garo Hills to meet with the District School Education Officers (DSEOs) to Schools have been temporarily closed to protect the health of the students due to the excessive heat of the day.
Isn't this a shame for our state? Let's ask now.
Besides the three missing persons, 12 persons were rescued from the Hurricane off the coast of Marsa Alam and all the survivors were said to be unharmed. I was not affected by the incident on that day.
Stand on a firm foundation to gain the trust and support of the people of our honorable state.
“This ban by the Dorbar Shnongs to enter their villages has caused the drivers to sleep inside trucks, roads or in places wherever they find, and this has upset them and the organization as well” added Mr. Allistar Diengdoh.
They too will be relocated to other places safe from the landslide.
Shillong Cricket Association (WCA) on Tuesday beat Shillong Cricket Association-A by 39 runs to win the title of the Women's Cricket League Champions Tournament 2022-23 held at the Polo Ground.
NESO also demands that the Government of India should grant special constitutional recognition to the North East and also to give its own timetable. the, the north-east.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Latiplang said that he had received information two months ago and some Rangbah Dong had complained about the invasion of the village in the evening by vehicles.
"This university offers the following scholarships for the students: Scholarship for those who pass well, Scholarship for those who come from low income families, Scholarship for for those with disabilities, Scholarships for those who have excelled in sports from the North East, Scholarship for teachers.
According to the family members, the Longkmie has been living with Pynshai Nongrang for about 10 years and in these 10 years, the relationship has not been recognized. that they do not live in the same house.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Poland said that after supporting Bah Renikton Lyngdoh who won the MLA election last year, he hopes that the UDP supporters will vote for him. contest the MDC election
Babu Shanpru also expressed his surprise how the reservation policy will come back even after getting its own state, because of the previous struggle for Lajong state apart from Assam, the to be equal to other states and not to be ruled.
The incident occurred after the suspension of Wanstep Dkhar (Maji) one of the members of the KSU Mawlai Nonglum Unit, who was temporarily suspended by the KSU on charges of robbery. finance function within the organization.
Nagaland: About 7,000 students from 20 colleges and schools in the city staged a mass protest to demand immediate action on the border dispute between Mizoram and Assam. three.
Parrikar has two sons and his wife, Medha Parrikar, died two years ago.
The organizers of the festival have not yet decided who will open the festival but Antonio said that talks with the Governor of Meghalaya V. Shanmuganathan are ongoing. ban come open.
Lyngdoh said the central government has extended the deadline for the state government for six months from 1st June 2014 to fully employ 100 young MPWs.
Regarding Block-1, Sungoh said that Block-1 falls under the parts of Block-2 which are in accordance with the Notification 1951. Um-i River), opposite Tahpat to the Khyrmi River.
The Nongtluh Eri Farmer Association and the Ri Kunai La Tynrai Festival are the executive branches of the Eri Organization and this group has its own rules and regulations with the aim of promoting the cultivation of farmers. traditions such as dance, music, dress, rituals and others.
If the Opposition is strong, the government will be strong and many things will happen.
In the middleweight category 71-75kg, Deepak defeated Ishmeet Singh of Railways and Lakshya defeated Harsh Choudhary of Rajasthan in the light heavyweight category 75-80kg.
The Minister of Transport should remember that Meghalaya is a State of democracy, and the Government belongs to the people, by the people and for the people.
“What they demand, the government has already approved,” he said.
Back then, we as journalists found it really hard to remember each terrorist organization and who was responsible for doing what.
Shortly after a day, a class X resolution was issued; The MBOSE has issued a notice that students for Class XI should not buy books, but after the opposition, the MBOSE has decided to reintroduce the same textbooks.
Now, everywhere we go we hear that the youth are suffering from unemployment, this unemployment of many students also causes many evils in the society.
"I have no hesitation in saying that I have my sympathy with Amrita Rai, because she and her husband have decided to release Sanshyieng," Digvijaya said on Twitter.
“There are people who tell me not from Pynthorumkhrah, that there are several cows that have died.
“There are certain types of cases that the Court has the right to interfere with according to the nature of the case.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today laid the foundation stone for four projects in urban areas at a function held at Ward Lake Shillong.
The Governor's statement has been clarified by the present Committee that there is nothing wrong with it and that on behalf of Bah Stanley Nichols, the Court itself has appointed him on many of the rules. judgment in these times.
The film Sa Shisien is the fourth film by Commander Shangpliang.
“NTPC has taken it at a low price.
Shillong, Jymmang, 20: Unidentified robbers have stolen four tires from a Maruti Alto 800 (ML05 Q-1016). They robbed the house of Angelica Lyngdoh Mawphlang at Umphyrnai, Lad Smit, East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the DHMO promised to take note of the request of the union and take the necessary action.
Hundreds of people from all over the country have attended the ceremony, including the MLA of the area, Stephanson Mukhim, Dy.CEM of JHADC, Awhoi Andrew Shullai, President of the BJP. in Meghalaya – Shibun Lyngdoh, Acting Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing and other dignitaries from other Sein Raijs.
It was not until 2016 that the KJP Assembly in its Special Session held in August appointed a Special Committee for the purpose of to renew and change the way of doing business.
That is why the Police Department is full of non-nationals.
This deforestation has a serious impact on our environment, as one deforestation destroys thousands of native plants, shrubs and trees large and small.
The case was filed by THS Bonney on the border between Meghalaya and Assam and witnessed by North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum.
The workers said that there is no other way to transport coal to the factory, but the easiest and nearest way is through the coal mines in Meghalaya.
This implementation is ongoing and as of now it is said that this implementation has helped a lot to curb the use of mobile phones by prisoners which is one of the threats that increases crime in the state and search the way of the snar to escape from prison.
Earlier, on the 3rd of July, they had held a three-day strike in front of the office of the Deputy Director of Health Services (IM) at Lawmali, Polo.
The winner of the 3rd Edition Meghalaya State League will receive a cash prize of Rs 5 lakh and the runners-up will receive a cash prize of Rs. 3 lakh rupees.
According to the CAG report 2018, the State has lost about Rs 300 crore in revenue in the years 2013-14 and 2017-18 due to the inability to curb the illegal mining of coal.
“Guwahati has grown rapidly now, (while Shillong and Tura have been left behind).
After the British Government through the East India Company, under the leadership of Captain David Scott, conquered the Khasi Hima from 1824 to 1831, the entire Khasi-Jaintia Hills was annexed to the British Hima. (British Empire) in the Province of Eastern Bengal and Assam by creating the Cossyah & Jynteah Hills District and Cherrapunjee (Sohra) was also chosen as the Civil Station.
RegulationThe Higher Education Commission of India (HECI) shall be established to oversee all matters relating to higher education, except medical and legal education.
If people of Meghalaya choose Mukul Sangma he will establish the rule of Tolabazi, cut money, corruption, lawlessness and crime in Meghalaya also.
?" The teacher asked. “Yes, how do you know me?
It deals with everyday life in society.
Ngai-ly-ngai: the one who cannot speak the one who is sleeping or the one who is flowing or the one who is dry.
He will come no longer as a sinner but as a King to rule and judge the living and the dead.
This four births at the same time, has shocked and shaken the world in the state.
Those who face any problems can call 1967 for information on the activities related to this scheme.
The incident happened at Puriang village in Wah Mynso.
Noha Lemina also had a good chance for PSG in the 20th minute, but failed to score.
On the other hand, regarding the meeting with the management of the Power Grid, the UHM leaders urged the management of the Power Grid, to think first of the Khasi youth on and also to pay them at a reasonable price, so that it will be for the benefit of the Khasi youth living in the area.
The department has clarified to all the States that the beneficiary who comes to work must have an Aadhaar but should not be denied work on this basis.
In a statement sent to the media, Bah Thomas said that in fact the existence of these dewbilat factories has not benefited the indigenous people whether it is in terms of employment or growth. However, most of the employees of these dewbilat factories are foreigners and their office is located in Guwahati and not in Jaintia Hills.
The expectations of the people are low and they have to face difficulties in transportation, just because of the stinginess of the contractors and the PWD department to complete the project quickly which affects the people.
The government's objective is to provide electricity to 6000 villages.
On the other hand, he urged to take necessary action against the Government Wholesalers in this regard.
Jagi Road OC Inspector Moon Prakash Tiwari and other police rushed to the scene and raided the house of Biju Boro in Amlighat Sindisar.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the application of Mizoram for 62 villages was sent to the Assam government in June.
It is appropriate to build a monument, to honor them, and we pray that their souls will rest in peace forever in the presence of God.
Recently, there were reports that the UDP Mawphlang wants the PDF candidate Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh to contest from the party ticket.
Besides the Indians on board, other nationalities including Filipinos, Pakistanis and Russians have been detained by the security forces. Iran in the incident.
The tournament was organized by the Mawphansnar Sports and Cultural Club, Nongspung.
“Rahul Gandhi is the leader of the country and the people do not want him to contest the MLA elections in Kerala and fight against the Left.
In Pool-B, Lumshken beat Shilliang Umshong 1-0
Shillong, Lber, 02: Within hours of the announcement of the results of the MLA elections by the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District on Friday, the residents of Mairang Constituency have been shocked. After the announcement of the results, the crowd turned to the office of the Deputy Commissioner and created a riot until even the vehicles in the ground floor of the Deputy Commissioner's office were set on fire.
Speaking to the public, Bah Ardent said that during these 40 days of his arrest, he has not stolen because if he does so, he will be punished by the Creator.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has urged the farmers that although the government will lift the ban on the use of fertilizers in their crops, they should also find ways. do not use organic fertilizers that are not produced in the state.
He urged the Government of India and Bangladesh to help protect and preserve this place of Jaintiapur which has rich stories.
In a statement, KJDSTA President Babu Kular Khongjirem said that after the KJDSTA has looked into this, the education department has now changed and released the three month salary from October to June .
A small family is happy and content, and such a language has been needed to develop many states in India in order to develop the country rapidly.
Shillong: Two police chiefs, while explaining about the use of lyer satkhmat, in the protest of contract teachers, today, said that the use of three lyer pynsat The tear gas was only to prevent them from entering the Secretariat, not to injure them.
Shillong: Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie today said that the Congress party is ready to meet with the Union Home Minister Amti. to discuss the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the State.
In Diengsyiang village there are 6 villagers who are skilled in making khoh, kriah, ruh, prah, pdung, shang, knub, star and others.
Despite the last three years, this demand has been limited to the follow-up visits of the Government from year to year.
Shillong, July 27: The Bisgar Supreme Court has suspended the order of the High Court of Meghalaya directing the State Government to pay compensation of up to T.10-15 lakh. who died in the custody of the Police.
“According to the opinion of the Election Commission, I have decided under Article 192 (1) of the Constitution that Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA, has not been included in the Nomination Act under Article 191 (1). ) (a) the Constitution of the country", the Governor said in an order.
Bah Bina said that the festival is held for two days and many of the villages from far away stay from the first day of the festival in the village where the festival is held until the end of the second day.
He said that when anyone wants to meet to apply for MDC ticket, “I always say clearly that if you want to come to the VPP just to get a ticket, don't come. because you are not sure whether you will get a ticket or not".
Argentina, the 2022 World Cup champions, have come to Asia to strengthen their relationship with the world's football fans.
In these days, working people, as well as young people, are looking for simple things, so the Ready to Cook list not only reduces the time to prepare the necessities but also speeds up. to make delicious, healthy foods, and they are also very easy to make at home.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, on 9th October, 2023, elected the new Speaker, Thomas Ampang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Birbor Riangtem, President of the Meghalaya LP School Contractual Association (MLPSCA), said, “The strike will continue and we will continue to talk to prepare for a stronger strike. she has come to help us.
The SDRF will be used only for emergency assistance to those affected by various natural disasters such as cyclones, floods, earthquakes, fires, tsunamis, cold weather, earthquakes, cloud burst, insect damage and extreme cold.
Speech was also delivered by R.Kynjing Member Secretary DMASM who explained the importance of water in everyday life.
The residents of Thadmusem near Sohphoh, West Jaintia Hills District have decided to ban the JMB's garbage dump at Thadmusem.
The NH-206 starts from Jowai near the NH-106 and passes through Dawki and ends at Mylliem.
The lack of true leaders has caused the residents of the constituency to face many problems. It is on this basis that I am a responsible person to come forward to contest the MLA Election an adult soul without any pressure.
In 1807, William Wilberforce won the fight to abolish the slave trade.
He also slammed Ma RL Tariang who alleged that Lahkmen Rymbui is the Panah of the UDP and said that if Lahkmen is the Panah of the UDP, RL Tariang is a rude person who insults the UDP. because you don't have a party.
George said that even the wife of the MLA is not allowed to do so and what will happen to the poor and the elderly if such people are in power.
Meghalaya beat Mizoram by 123 runs with Singhania scoring 6/40 to make 10/7
Furthermore, Bah Donbok, condemned the failure of the police department, from side to side, because even the children, have shown force by throwing sticks and also the women have been beaten up. in the male police officers who have not appointed those female police officers in accordance with the law on women.
The school was established in 2008 by Dr. Billiancy Lamare, a retired officer from the Ministry of Education with the approval of the Seiñ Jaintia with the aim of providing services to the students who do not have access to education. to be with those who support themselves.
Ratcliffe wants to buy out the management of the company which will also be a way for the Glazers Family to continue its involvement with the company. step will inevitably be one that has not yet been widely publicized or supported in terms of the club’s fanbase.
The Ten Commandments also make it clear that as children, they should take the responsibility to honor their father and mother.
In the second innings, Swastic Chettri (17) and Kevin Christopher (37) took two wickets.
Speaking to media, UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh said, “The Presidential Election Committee of the BJP has held a meeting today to seek support for the candidate. All MLAs and party leaders have been invited to the meeting for the Presidential election to be held on the 18th of this month.
MDCs who have retired or who have been defeated after winning will be as follows, those who have been elected for only 5 years will receive 15000 per month, those for 2 terms will receive 20000 per month, those who have three terms will receive up to 25000 per month. win 4 times above and get 30 thousand shibmon.
Speaking to reporters, G Kharbani expressed his surprise at the government's intention to install the weighbridge in the area as the presence of the weighbridge in the area will affect the farmers. residents and especially tourists.
Other office bearers are: Vice President: Patrick Lamare and Dari Lamare.
Secretary Mr. OP Pyngrope and Mr. Arwan.
The deadline for submission of entry fees and player registration is 6th February 9th June
On the MP election to elect a joint candidate from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), Dr Jemino said the UDP has conveyed this to the allies of the government to have a joint candidate in the MP election. come.
The meeting was conducted by MPCC President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh.
At the same time, we request the state government to remove such a rule which affects the people. The Government has ordered that in Meghalaya, not only those who know and many who do not know A and B also have vehicles for their own needs.
On the second day, 28th November 2021, the High Level Committee submitted a comprehensive report to the State Government on the evacuation of the residents of Them Metor.
To achieve this goal we need skilled teachers who are dedicated at various levels in educational institutions which has been a new opportunity to produce intellectuals who have been like a source of knowledge and education. knowledge that we may stand on our feet.
nga-ly-ngai : which cannot speak of what is sleeping or what is flowing.
He said that the symptoms of the disease are that at first the ksew have a sudden fever in the body and as the days go by, the fever increases. It rises and grows stronger until it rises to the head and when it rises to the head the ksew becomes lamwir.
Fortunately, my husband has seen all the roles I have played and I don't feel anything anymore.
The Director of Tourism, CV Diengdoh, said that the tourism industry in the state not only brings income to the state but also teaches the people of the state to take care of the environment and culture. of the state.
The union demands that the Executive Engineer of PWD, should immediately take action against these contractors who have not completed the work yet, to complete it as soon as possible so that the work can be completed. just in time before the rainy season.
Tura District Cricket Association (TUC) FC on Tura FC beat West Jaintia Hills Cricket Association (TUC) by 35 runs after the end of the first innings to qualify for the final of the tournament. The U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 was held at Umbuda, Ri-Bhoi today.
Let's just say but we shouldn't reveal it because in our human nature we don't know,” said the son.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The government's delay in issuing a new fare for four buses has surprised the passengers in the city.
Although the KHNAM was founded by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, it is not known why Bah Paul Lyngdoh joined the KHNAM. The UDP, and the only remaining member of the party founded by Bah Paul is Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Jowai, Lber 03: The 10th Secondary School Football Knock Out Tournament 2023-24 has been held at Pdengshakap Stadium, West Jaintia Hills.
One of the issues today is the lack of understanding of the meaning of it by the faithful or as Christians.
For more information call 9436170204 and
He said that their statement that in the knowledge of Bah Ardent there is a discrimination against foreigners, is only an attempt to discourage the people from trusting in the Revolution.
On the other hand, the union demands that the relevant authorities and the district authorities should immediately address these shortcomings inside the bank which have caused problems to the people of this border area especially during the lockdown and the lockdown. The opening of banks is in accordance with the directives of the Government.
When you receive him, you have eternal life.
In the coming months, the CSI will also conduct training on how to prevent death from infection.
In the past, there has been the confirmation of the branches at Pyndengnongbri, Manai along with the election of leaders in their branches.
He also sent to the PWD officers to prepare a report to start the work.
He said that there is no need for ILP but the law of the state is sufficient now.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the Academy, Bah Franky Kharumnuid said that the team has prepared well for this tournament and hopes that the team will come forward in this tournament.
They said that even after the request of the Seng Longkmie to allow them to participate in the Durbar, the Rangbah Shnong said that only 5 people could attend and this did not happen. They strongly opposed the invitation of only 5 members to the Special Session.
When Abubenathem reached the gate of heaven, the Archangel asked Abubenathem where he was going.
The registration for this scheme is for those with disabilities and women in need.
The JAC Sohiong has also demanded the immediate removal of Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh and the election of a new Lyngdoh. Lyngdoh, because the problems of the Hima and all those involved in this matter cannot be resolved according to the requirements of the Hima Act.
Of these, 77 were recovered by the police.
Palm oil plantations are not related to South East Asia.
The toilet is located at the office of the District Transport Officer (DTO), the Soil Conservation Office, the Revenue Department and other government offices.
Kyntonmassar, the winner, received a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka and a trophy while Mawtawar, the runner-up, received a cash prize of 6,000 tyngka and a trophy.
However, from their work comes rice, wheat and barley,” he added.
In the year of his first victory, he held the post of Deputy Chairman and Teilinia Thangkhiew as Chairman.
Bran prepared his feet for Iew thiaw before reaching Niakha's shop.
New Delhi: In the past 24 hours, there have been 94,052 new cases and 6,148 deaths.
These include 21 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 others, 2 soldiers and 13 BSF personnel. In Ribhoi, there are 5 soldiers and in West Jaintia Hills, 2 civilians.
When asked why the villagers need MDCs, MLAs and MPs, the Rangbahshnong and Village Authorities replied that they need them to bring about development in the villages, to meet the needs of the people. , to make good laws for the citizens and to discuss, build and advocate for the good of the State and the country.
Shillong: A strong earthquake has struck Khyndailad this evening, according to reports.
CULTIVATING METHOD The cultivation method includes the following four parts:-I. The method of making or spreading fertilizer.
He promised to continue the struggle for Garoland as it is the demand of the Garo people.
He said that the Minister of Home Affairs has said that he will take action to look into the demand to set up a police station in these villages for the safety of the people.
This is the belief of the Jews to this day.
He also alleged that the MDA government has not owned the schemes of the central government and said that the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister have encouraged the MLAs and their candidates to say that they have worked hard to introduce development schemes.
To what extent will the Mini Secretariat benefit the people and the Mini Secretariat will be the only place to hold Cabinet Meetings by the government, as decided and it is not clear who will benefit from this relocation. Office in Shangpung and therefore the Waheh Shnongs, strongly oppose this, said another leader of the group.
For those youths who come from well-off families, their establishment of businesses will open up more employment opportunities for other youth seekers.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 6 cases of high risk contact.
In the Delhi-Gurugram area, traffic was disrupted due to police searches.
On the other hand, Bah George admitted that there has been a slowdown in the receipt of funds and there has been a delay in the distribution of wages to the employees due to the shortage of funds from the central government in recent years. past.
“We were united and worked together.
Datta is the vice president of the Dergaon unit of the AASU in Golaghat district.
The penalty shootout came after the match between Smit and Assam Rifles for the title ended in a 1-1 draw.
He said that these fish are created by God and put in the hands of mankind to take care of them, but we human beings are those enemies and we don't understand until. how precious they are and we always want to get once.
He said that the Congress does not love the people but invites foreigners to come to the state to make the people of the state less paid. “The Congress' belief that the people reject the ILP will be revealed and we will see how the people will show in the upcoming MDC elections,” he said. Mawkhar MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit.
The country's submission to the IOC is also in line with Mexico's preparations for the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Mexican Olympic Committee (MOC) and the it will be more stable and stable if this country receives the right to hold the tournament; It is also the year in which the country will celebrate the lyngkhuh of the MOC. The tournament will feature many different types of sports which have already been selected for the tournament and also to set up a committee to be the encourager and the supporters of this proposal of the country in its current state.
This area is about 75-80 km away.
Inter Kashi are in fifth position with 36 points from 10 wins, six draws and five defeats from 21 games this season.
It is not enough to demolish these factories because in these years they have been able to operate smoothly, they have earned money from the sale of the burnt coal.
Today is gone, we have the present 2023, to shape the present and tomorrow.
The EC led by former CEM Ardent Basaiawmoit and incumbent CEM Adelbert Nongrum has found out that the works are not true for the benefit of the people, he said.
Those who do not smoke cigarettes but are exposed to cigarette smoke have a 25 to 30% increased risk of high blood pressure, according to the American Heart Association.
I would like to say, don't let that spirit of struggle, selfishness and selflessness disappear from each and every one of us,” said Lambokstar.
Latyrke SC and Biate United FC won the semifinal match against Mynthning SC and Larket SC in the 1st Division Football tournament organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) at Lamyrsiang Stadium on Tuesday.
Ma Vincent, while receiving the certificate from the Returning Officer of East Khasi Hills, on Friday evening.
Shylla said that as of now, the PDF has fitted well with the slogan “Proper Defectors Front” while the 11 MDCs are still with the party. , therefore, there is no right or ground to condemn anyone's defection even in soft words because the PDF is an example of defection.
Not only the clothing company, but he also owns other businesses, making him the richest man in Scotland or a billionaire.
He said that those who commit such crimes will be punished according to the rules of law if found.
Speaking to reporters, the Sordar Shnong, Donbokstar Myrthong and the Secretary Shnong, Phuljen Lyngdoh Iawlar, said that there is only one church group in the village, the Catholic Church and all the households. households fall under BPL(very poor) category.
stand firm in the field.
However, the Speaker suddenly at 12 o'clock while the Minister of PHE, Marquise Marak, was replying, adjourned the Dorbar.
We have also launched a cash prize for teachers and players to encourage them to improve in their sports careers.
"To, Kong, I'll let you know when I've talked to your Rangbah.
The Government of India is expected to respect the Soskular and implement the rules within the stipulated timeframe.
However, according to these rules of CUET, if a student fails Class-XII in the MBOSE but passes the test, they can continue to study at the Degree level.
Shillong, July : As part of the celebration of the International Day of Yoga (IDY), Lama Villa Yoga Health Benefits Club will celebrate this day today, July 21, 2022, at the Dorbar Hall of Lama Villa. (Community Hall) at 07:30 pm.
These women have also prepared a letter to submit to the Governor to inform him that he will take the necessary action on this issue.
Explaining further, Bah Bajop said that it is not true that the NPP has declined to appeal to the High Court on the social boundary settlement but it is because according to the decision of the meeting, it is to allow the Hima. documents to proceed with the work.
The meeting was convened by the KSU in accordance with the NESO's plan to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
Bhushan was accused of speaking against the court for writing two tweets against the judges.
He asked the Assam police why they arrested the farmers when they have a police outpost in Langpih.
The wells that are no longer used shall be covered with earth, shyiap or stones.
In the girls' category, the first prize went to Geetamery Puweiñ, the second prize went to Lamon Lyngdoh, the third prize went to Sistamery Marweiñ and the third prize went to Wanpli Lyngdoh Nonglait. Reebok L Nonglait, Football & Cricket Secretary, PSS&CC and Bankynmaw Lyngdoh, Account Incharge, Nongstoiñ Pharmacy, also distributed the prizes to the winners. was found.
When my turn came, I said, O Servant of the Lord, I will pray for you too.
The second division has 16 teams, but this season it has decided to add 4 teams.
According to the UDP president, the RDA meeting after careful consideration has accepted and approved Bah Pius as the joint candidate.
From these Two Testaments man needs to gather together to give a connection between what God says about today and the future and Eternity.
He said that it is for this reason that the NPP was formed to ensure that the people of the North East will no longer have to go to the polls but to demand their rights.
The purpose of this scheme is to prepare for the next 15 years by 2030 the population will be 96447 thousand and the population in the next 30 years by It will reach 1,42,118 lakh people.
“Looking at the number of educated youth and job opportunities, it cannot be denied that there are many job opportunities if the youth have the will, work hard and use them properly. the things that the Creator has given us through nature"
For more information, please contact the Secretary Indoor of MSGEF, Teddy Laloo at +9
“Politics is not bad but it is the people who come to it, who bring a bad name,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Receive Pator said that the party urges the Nongspung Hima to refrain from issuing a No Objection Certificate (NOC) to the Assam government when it intends to introduce the No Objection Certificate (NOC). any development works in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Hima.
S.HoneyEmail.
“The purpose of this scheme is to provide electricity, roads, water supply, food items, agriculture and education,” said Bah Syngkli.
“I have my own library in jail, there are many books on various subjects, I spend five hours a day reading,” said Champion R Sangma.
“The people have seen and they will give their verdict.
He said that his visit to the area was only to arrest a person who was angry and had a reason with him.
The meat vendors also announced that during the two months of ban on beef, they will hold only one day on the 21st of this month and on that day they will auction the beef at a reasonable price. The price of clean shyieng will be T.200 tyngka while the price of lbong will be T.240 tyngka.
(iii), (iv) and (vi), the District and Session Judges of the districts have been directed to submit reports regarding the cases pending in their respective offices.
No doctor or medicine can help you except your own efforts.
Besides, the Minister said that the Government has found that the traffic jam in the Police Bazaar and Iewduh areas has been caused by the lack of proper management of buses and taxis and this is also a major challenge as there is no There are no other places for buses and taxis to park.
The ARPA has no political intention but stands on the basis of protecting the country and the nation, said Bah Lyngdoh.
Our country is very happy, because it is surrounded by the sea.
Those who have been selected from the Blind Audition will receive training for the next Elimination Round and those who have not been selected for the Elimination Round-1 will receive training for the Elimination Round-2 and so on. Up to 10 winners will be selected to compete in the Grand Finale.
Here, the poet expresses love, sorrow, faith, death, the beauty of nature and its creatures, suffering, persecution, worldly pleasures and others.
He also called for the need to set up good schools in the India-Bangladesh border area.
Referring to the claim of ACHIK that the 13 vacancies in the office have been allocated only to Garo, Dkhar said it is wrong and impossible, because the There are only two lights.
In the second half, MLP FT scored 3-0 goals through Ambrose Syngkli in the 7th minute, Chesterfield Nongdhar in the 29th minute and Niwan O. Gatphoh in the 45+2nd minute. .
The Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng requests the above mentioned villages to cooperate in this regard.
It was agreed that the meeting will be held in Shillong, as most of the Hati crossings are in Meghalaya.
The suspect was arrested from National Highway-6 while police were conducting patrol at the Byrnihat Outpost gate. Lama, 18, of Dima Hasau and Ajay Wahlong, 22, of Shillong were also arrested from Jorabat.
It is also important to understand that there is no evidence according to scientists or health care providers that supports this claim against mobile towers.
The Ri-Bhoi District Congress Committee (RBDCC) has approved the nomination of Bah Lapang at a meeting chaired by JBCC Working President Snomick Kalwing at the Harli Bagan Durbar Hall in Nongpoh.
Traders and owners of Mawshun in War Jaintia Hills have alleged that illegal challans have been issued which are suspected to be illegal.
Conrad congratulated Bah Alvin Sawkmie for welcoming Bah HM Shangpliang to strengthen the NPP. While Bah HM Shangpliang said that he joined the NPP to strengthen the party. The party has decided to serve better the people of the constituency and the state as a whole.
Speaking at the public meeting on the VAB, Ardent said that the VAB 2014 passed by the KHADC under the leadership of the ARPA is the best law to protect the people, but the Bill passed The PDF led by the Congress party in 2015 is a weak law and has no intention of protecting the people.
Thunderstorms with speeds of 40 to 50 kilometers per hour will be expected in parts of the state tomorrow.
“The power of money and corruption is the responsibility of the Congress party only because it is in power in the central government,” he said.
The marathon will start at 6:30 AM from JN Stadium Gate 1, Polo Ground, Shillong and will end at the same venue.
Meanwhile, Mrs. Gandhi was criticized by leaders, including Congress members, for her increasing foreign influence.
She said that her visit to Wah Swad on that day was out of sympathy for these four families who have suffered human rights violations.
This came after 12 Dolloi beat West Jaintia Police 3-2 in the tie-breaker and Ar Dolloi beat Tyllilang 4-3 in the semi. The final will be played on the 8th of this month at 12:30 pm.
These Bills are the Meghalaya Right to Public Services Bill, 2020, the Meghalaya Settlement of Arrears Bill, 2020 and the St. Xaviers's University Shillong Bill, 2020 and the Meghalaya Minerals Cess (Amendment) Bill. Bill, 2020 and the Meghalaya Farmers’ (Empowerment) Commission (Amendment) Bill 2020.
Hopefullness, who was present at the scene with other students, saw that nothing was found. He asked the Police and the Village Leaders for this information.
Nongpoh: People from different villages in Nongpoh Constituency, today came forward to take part in the march of the UDP Party, which is also a march in support of Mayralborn Syiem, Candidate of the UDP. from Nongpoh Constituency.
Speaking to reporters, Ardent said the meeting will continue as announced at Student Square at 2 pm. He said that it will depend on the needs of the meeting tomorrow.
Shillong: MLP FT beat Malki FC 0-1 in the Shillong Premier League of the SSA on Saturday at Polo Ground, Shillong.
As part of the Vikas Yatra, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, laid the foundation stone of the Silchar Cancer Center at a cost of T.
Not only that, Prestone said the party is also confident that out of the seven constituencies in Shillong City, the party is confident that it will win all nine.
Then Bah Shanbor was afraid.
K. Wahlang and his son were first taken to Pomlum PHC and then to Dr HG Roberts Hospital in Shillong after the incident.
SIAM has found that the sale of passenger vehicles in November this year has dropped sharply, which has not happened since November
And the worst reward is for the one who is right.
The workers were also forced to borrow money from the employers at a high rate just to put food on the table or to get medicine for their relatives.
On the incident at Jowai District Jail, the DGP said, “Police have taken action against the escape of prisoners from Jowai District Jail. He was taken to Williamnagar Jail.
Don't even throw away these questions about the things that have happened.
Phagu Chauhan, former Governor of Bihar before taking over as Governor from Brig.
Being a parent is a very difficult task and so is raising proud children.
The seven feasts of God are: (1) The Feast of Passover (Leviticus 23:4-5).
Australian aid agencies said they had sent teams to the scene as soon as they heard the news. it was completely ablaze by the time rescue personnel arrived at the scene.
Of the 438 cases, 6 cases are from East Garo Hills, 16 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 206 cases from East Khasi Hills.
Leaders of the three parties, including FACT Executive Secretary Diamond Dhar, HNYF President Howniwot Sutong and HYC General Secretary Roming Star Lamare, said that according to the progress of the three parties, the budget of the three parties has been allocated. The Council 2018-2019, found that there are only 7 new posts sanctioned in the budget, 2 in the CWD and 3 in the Education Department.
According to the source, MeECL will install a transformer of up to 500 KV at the site.
Kumar , after receiving the information from the villages , promised to take action on the matter and take it to the negotiating table between the state and central governments said the news source.
The thok ka than among others began to spread among the people of the area.
In a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong of the area, the union expressed its concern and opposition to this plan of the army. the village itself will not allow this.
Shillong: There have been 80 new cases of coronavirus in the state, said the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War. 1,772 people.
The union has also informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District on this issue as those villages in the border areas are facing problems in relation to various development schemes which they are entitled to receive from the border areas. The office of the Border Area Development Officer, but due to the lack of a Junior Engineer to prepare the plan estimate budget, the works have been delayed. People in the border areas will benefit from this office in charge of the border areas.
Furthermore, the Seng has received a complaint from one of the residents who did not want to be named that on the night of the 29th of last month, the hospital did not accept these patients. They say that there is no doctor and they cannot go back because of their illness.
If this is not true, the people will vote for the parties that have the government.
Referring to Block-II, Ri-Bhoi, the Minister said that the Government will have to consult with the villagers to get the right land and the list of villages will be released after the search. detailed.
H.Nongkhlaw said that the arrest of the two teachers of these two schools was due to the students' protest to carry pla cards on the day that the residents of Madan ïng Syiem. against burning people in the middle of the village.
Revelation 8:1
The cost of the incident is estimated at more than Rs 14 lakh and the cause of the incident is estimated to be an electrical fault.
If the government says that there is a shortage of police, why is it ready to send police even if there is a minor incident in Shillong? Assam in relation to the border? However, the authorities in charge of our state continue to publish only in the newspapers, we will not get our own state without proper agreements, the state government should go back to 1972 to verify If it continues like this, the time will come when we will return under the rule of Assam once again.
After the members of the two organizations checked the documents of these people, it was found that they did not have proper documents and these people also violated the Inter-state Migrants Workmen ( Regulations of Employment & Conditions of Service) Act, 2011.
We also find that Swinburne finds it difficult to answer in terms of his theodicy.
:All Souls Day was celebrated by the Catholic community at the Catholic Cemetery, Laitumkhrah, Shillong on the 2nd of November.
For this reason, in addition to the celebrations of Christmas in churches, every nation has its own traditions of Christmas which are called 'Secular celebrations of Christmas'
The scheme consists of 60 percent government assistance, 25 percent funds and 15 percent funds from the beneficiaries.
Shillong, July 13: The new Center for Human Rights of Lady Keane College will be inaugurated tomorrow by Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson of Meghalaya State Human Rights. Commission at 11 o'clock at Lady Keane College.
Merry Christmas to you all.
The protest was led by Youth Congress President Richard Marak and Tura LYC President Allan Sylvester R Marak.
From the start of the first minute, Wahkaji tried to score the first goal but until the end of the first half, Wahkaji didn't have enough chances to score until the second half. Kyntiewdor Nonglang scored the first goal for Wahkaji through the assist of Bapherbak Nonglang, Kyntiewdor's brother. In the first half, Wahkaji's ability to score encouraged the players of Wahkaji to strengthen their foundation especially to score 3 points.
We see that since 2022, the BJP party has started to grow stronger across India, for that reason, it has started to show its power and started to oppress religious minorities. minorities) especially Muslims, Christians and other foreign religions who have invaded India since ancient times.
In the Under-17 Boys category, Govt.
After conducting an investigation, the union found that this foreigner was not only involved in raping this young woman, but also raped many women who used to work inside the country. of the petrol pump which also caused the women to leave and flee the job.
After this incident, the residents and police with the assistance of the Search and Rescue Team, Shillong, the next morning managed to recover the body of the youth who drowned.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The residents of Jaintia Hills on the border with Bangladesh have been facing problems due to the deterioration and overcrowding of the road from Wahkdait to Dawki.
In a letter to the Chief Secretary, they urged the relevant authorities to take the necessary measures.
Michael said that there should be full implementation of the Amendment Act.
“I am not against the creation of Laitkroh because I can contest from anywhere but I am against it because the people do not agree with this action of the Council,” said Bah Carmel.
Three vehicles, a Maruti, a water tanker and a Mahindra pick up, were parked at the factory.
We teach the children of others, but we ourselves suffer.
Therefore, the motto “Duk-Suk, Riewspah-Jynjar trah” cannot be understood! How can Duk be happy when the entire farmland of the Raid Village is owned by only a few people? , paragraph 2(1) of the Constitution states that the Leaders of the District Council shall be elected by the people.
NABARD has also launched a refinance scheme of Rs 800 crore for 2021 for the Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH).
Martle was shocked at the Polo Ground after learning of the victory and speaking to reporters said that his victory is because of his love for the players. public.
In East Garo Hills, there are 33 cases and 712 cases have been unemployed.
However, as the days went by, due to the persecution of the Khasi people in these two blocks, there was a demand to return them to Meghalaya, when it got its own state.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 13: Heavy rainfall this morning, which lasted for several hours, has flooded rivers across West Khasi Hills District and affected houses. , shops, plants and there has also been a disruption in the traffic.
The second prime minister, in the past few days, has alleged that the Congress is talking politics when it wants to know the names of those who have been infected with the virus; However, the action of the Minister of Home Affairs, has been sufficient and clear and the people of Amlarem, should have clapped their hands, tied shamoit or tied pliang, as a congratulation to their MLA, who is righteous and who is clear.
“I am happy and hope that as a young player he will continue to improve as time goes by and help the team to win.
Even if the MDA-2 government doesn't do anything, the people will not support it.
Expressing on the lack of salary for many months, one of the employees thanked God for giving her and her family members healthy bodies during all these times, saying Otherwise, I will not be able to pay for hospital treatment if there are family members who are seriously ill and need to be treated in hospital.
Mawkyrwat, July 04: Unidentified persons have dumped the body of a pig in Wah Rilang under the jurisdiction of Mawranglang village, South West Khasi Hills. District.
The Police Department will take the CCTTs nearby to see if they are.
Leaders of the NPP, Congress, TMC, UDP, HSPDP and BJP also attended the meeting.
He said the State Government is still waiting for the District Council authorities to take a clear decision on the Village Administration Bill before they enact the Village Administration Bill.
" said Mr. Chyne.
The first is the understanding of the KHASI people about their rights and they have taken the initiative by leaving their jobs to come from far and wide to support this issue of reform of the law. recruitment (Job Reservation Policy 1972).
Advicer Hilarius Siangshai in his speech, praised the hard work of Shanborlang Siangshai despite his physical limitations.
The program began with a prayer, gifts, food offerings and a meal.
The new cases include 193 from East Khasi Hills, 35 from West Garo Hills, 20 from Ri Bhoi, 9 from West Khasi Hills, 6 from West Jaintia Hills, 3 from South West Garo Hills and 3 from East Jaintia Hills. 3, South Garo Hills 1 and East Garo Hills
Shillong, July 25: Meghalaya High Court Judge PC Pant has urged the people of the state to exercise their right to vote in the elections to strengthen democracy.
Ed.
He said the government should have revised the Reservation Policy after 50 years of independence.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang and other government officials from various departments of the state government.
Members of the KSU led by President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar on Tuesday joined hands with the North East Students Union (NESO) to burn the Rule of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 in front of the office of the Meghalaya Board. of School Education (MBoSE) at Lower Lachaumiere, Shillong.
The search for the F-35 Lightning II jet is ongoing and some believe that the plane has not yet fallen to the ground, but is still flying in the sky. the auto pilot mode.
On the other hand, the three groups of Sordar Shnongs and the residents said that if the contractors do not complete within the stipulated date, they demanded that these contractors should be removed and replaced by others. that contractor.
There is no one who can predict who will win because the people who vote are wiser than those who contest in any election.
He said that once the rainy season comes, the engineers and the office will inspect the road to develop a new colour.
Belbora Wankhar, Secretary of the Parents of Children with Disabilities Association, said that the government should take care of the needs of people living with disabilities.
In a statement, Bah Sadon said that in fact the three District Councils are the best places to get information on the increase in the number of foreigners. There are many people in this state who can get information because it is a repository of how many Trading Licenses and Transport Licenses are issued to foreigners.
Since the Congress won again in Karnataka, NPP leaders have met with Congress MLAs and agreed that if the UPA government comes to Delhi (GoI), the NPP will form a government with the Congress in Meghalaya.
These trees were planted on a 70 hectare mine area of ​​the company named 'Lumshnong Limestone Mine' and to prevent soil erosion as well as to clean up the environment around the site.
“It's a decision that's written in the court.
“From now on, the jobs allocated to the Garo people will have to be filled only by Garo job seekers from the State,” he said.
Shortly after, police said they heard the sound of gunfire from a distance.
Several of the speakers included Bah A Sun ADIG who said, “A person who has been killed without being tried is considered a criminal”. who shall be slain with the sword.
According to the observers, many of the women and women have supported the BJP from one election to another because of the schemes it has implemented.
Kong Wari explained how she was shocked to learn that she had contracted the disease and how she went immediately to seek treatment.
In the National Games, Jaintia Hills has been forgotten and not a single village has been selected to host the Games, which is one of the ways to build sports grounds to promote and encourage the youth to play.
The funeral service will be held today at the Mawiongrim Prebyterian Church Cemetery.
Chapter 2.
Regarding the shooting death of two KLO members and the arrest of four others from Kokrajhar area on Tuesday morning, Boro said that the The party involved in extortion of money from the people has not been a step for the betterment of the society of the area.
The Summit was attended by various groups to discuss the issue of E-Waste Management and Recycling in the Northeast of India.
Nongstoiñ: Mairang Police Station on Tuesday received a tip that a body of a woman has been found hanging from a tree near her house in Mawtharap village of Mairang area.
Members who took part in the meeting, including Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh MLA Umsning, said that according to the information, 76 percent of the residents in the state do not have even 10 inches of land. who have no place but live and live.
Diego Khriam scored in the 27th minute, Lamshaphrang Kurbah in the 61st minute, Ryntih in the 81st minute and Rheadolf Daloi in the 90th minute.
He said that while Kharlukhi wants Nitish Kumar to become prime minister, Conrad strongly tells Narendra Modi and this shows that Kharlukhi wants to distance himself from the party. The BJP and if so, it shows that these two have differences of opinion, or they are just misleading the people of the state, just to earn votes.
Mavis Dunn Jaid Lyngdoh, K.Kharsati, R.Soanes, Shim Kiri Jaid Syiem of Khyrim, (Mrs) B.Diengdoh-Taylor, Clayrina Diengdoh, Gladys D.Diengdoh of Cherra, Prillnorine Chyne of Shella State, S.M Ropmay, Klesina Rynjah , Emralda Rynjah, Dr.Estherly Laloo of Jaintia Hills, Miss R.Blah, Miss Sabina Nongrum, Miss Rufina Nongrum, Dr.(Mrs) D.Jyrwa, Jaintia, Wessily Rani, (Mrs) H.M Ladia, Jaintia, Miss I. Lyngdoh, Miss G.Roy (Cherra), Tropsibon Rynjah, Nisibon, Deltibon, Sharamon Shabong (Laitkyngkot), Jointisibon Rynjah, Winola Sumer, T.Emcynora, Kathleen Lyngdoh, Nurse R.S.Synrem, Laittyr-ah, Nurse, Sesibon, Laitkynit Nongthasthit Nurse S.B.Sohtun, Mawphu, Nurse Erily, Mawlai, Nurse D.Basaïawmoit, Nurse Shat, Tynrong, Nurse D.Basaïawmoit, Cherrapunjee, Sister Sidia, Cherrama Gilopunjee of Mawphu, Jaintia Nongkhlaw State, Enid Blah, Q. Pariat, Dr. SM Ropmay, H. Rynjah, and others.
“The joint venture between the World Economic Forum and Apollo Healthcare will benefit not only Meghalaya, where cancer is rampant, but the country as a whole,” he said.
The next hearing on the matter is scheduled for May 21, 2023.
Today's match will be between Rangdajied, who came second last season, and Sawmer, who have just been promoted from the First Division.
Nongstoiñ, June 14: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) has informed the public that for those who attended the ordination of Bishops at St Peter Parish, Pyndengrei Nongstoin on the 16th of this month, the The police department has arranged for the entry and exit of vehicles coming from all over the country.
The ceremony was held today by the farmers in the presence of doctors from the Veterinary Department West Jaintia Hills, leaders of the Jaintia Livestock Butcher Welfare Association (JLBWA). and members of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association, Shillong came to give special training on how to butcher at the butcher shop at Demthring.
What happened? A few years after Jesus ascended to heaven, the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem took place.
The Loompyrdi Iongpiah expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of U Woh Chaimon Pyrbot.
Another decision of the meeting was to increase the Contingency Fund from T.1.05 crore to T.2.05 crore and this will be approved in the Legislative Assembly.
The club exchange will run from 13th -30th March 2018, while the date of confirmation of participation will be on or before 20th March and the date of completion of all payments 1st November
“I would like to start by saying, thank you Modi for passing the Women's Reservation Bill (WRB) as a major task in the new Parliament.
Nongstoiñ, Jul West Khasi Hills, to remind him of the letter they have submitted to him since November last year, to request him to send an inquiry into the maintenance of schools under Mawshynrut Block. Continuation of classrooms including LP and Upper Primary Schools, which have been implemented under the MLA scheme.
“We have many talented candidates, some of whom have skills as engineers, directors and teachers.
They have also been cheated by phone when people call them asking for information such as ATM and by their trick, they have been able to steal money.
The purpose of the Sein Kur is to raise funds for the construction of the full headquarters of the Kur, which has started construction at Mookhep.
Therefore, agriculture, fish farming, cattle farming, pig farming, cow farming, goat farming, muid farming, factory farming and others are nothing without land.
Singh said green hydrogen has the potential to accelerate the transformation of the electricity sector in India.
Bathrang K Lawrniang (52), Vishal Das (60) and Siemlaisam Gangte (66) scored for Lawmei while Lamin Jermiki (67) scored for Lawmei.
“Building permits have started being issued from July 2023 and so far 83 permits have been issued,” said CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem while presenting the Budget for the current fiscal year. 2023-24.
Besides fruits such as tyrso, many kinds of presbin, biscuits, sohkhia, many kinds of pathaw and others, the wild fruits in this village are Jajew, Tynkhieh, Salachet, Panai, Slashan, Jaraiñ, Tyrki, Jali and Jerome.
During the meeting, participants will receive more detailed information and the opportunity to introduce themselves to the Government authorities, to assist fellow Fellows and Associates and to promote their own business.
“There is a very crowded place and it is there that the thieves get the opportunity to steal mobile phones,” said Supriyo.
It is expected that the bill will be passed on November 7,
It is a pleasure to sit with him,” said Sangma.
Rephica ran 51km in 6 hours in the 6 hour race.
Mairang, Naiwieng 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mission Unit led by General Secretary Albert L. Mawlong together with its members have arrested four foreign workers working within the boundary of the village. Mairang Mission, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
“If tomorrow it becomes a place of worship, the inside will become a government office and the outside will become a place of worship. “This idol is from this place,” said the leaders.
“Every day we need 6.6 or 7 million units of electricity while the state can produce only 1.5 million units to meet our needs and we have to buy electricity,” he said.
It is possible that NLCN members have violated the law.
The Interior Ministry of the ruling Taliban government in Afghanistan has said that Taliban authorities have arrested four suspects involved in the incident and further investigations will continue. until you find those who are involved in all this.
Gowda, 28, became famous when he posted a video of him running up to 100 meters in the Kambala game, in which a man runs with muid.
The closing date for submission of entries will be on 12.06.2022 at 2 pm to the Hon. General Secretary of the West Jaintia District Sports Association. to receive them no more.
Titosstarwell Chyne, CEM of KHADC, while bringing this decision in the House, said that the Executive Committee would like to thank the Dorbar Shnongs for not only working to help the government but many villages have raised their village funds to help. the poor families in the villages and towns.
The other is for Jaintia Hills led by Bah Sngiawbhalang Dhar.
There are 23 girls who have received beautician kits along with syrnot and 16 girls who have passed the training from the 7th batch have received sewing kits. together with the syrnot.
“This MDA government will be stronger than the previous one, and will last more than three years,” said the UDP President. The UDP does not want to become a minister because it has not been appointed.
After a long discussion, the Union Minister received a clear explanation on the need for an internet network. take up the matter.
He said that the party is still trying to talk to these MLAs regarding these MLAs.
“We are afraid for our children during this rainy season because they have no other way to reach school except by boat.
Through Twitter, the Congress party asked the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, “Why don't Indians search the internet through Google for foreign detention centres? ".
However, there are some teachings that keep us behind because we don't want to leave those behind.
Tnebha Phawa, Assistant Secretary EJDCA, said that the federation has encouraged the villages and village authorities to encourage the children and youth to turn to cricket which is one of the sports that opens the way for them to stand on their own feet. foot.
Shillong, March 29: The Durbar Shnong Mawdiang Um, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District will hold a cleanliness drive on the 9th of this month.
When you get home, put on the old one inside and put on the new one on top, because the color that has been cleaned before has not been cleaned by the contractor but has been cleaned from above.
Dr.Rihunki Jones Toi in her speech on the occasion expressed her gratitude to the Rotary Club Jowai, the teachers who have guided and encouraged her from time to time. that time.
But I don't think so.
He has also been arrested by the Assam police.
Also present at the meeting was S. Lawriniang, Vice President of HYC Women Wing.
The tournament, which was attended by 11 teams, could not be completed in one day.
Furthermore, this village has been inhabited only by the Khasi-Pnar since ancient times and falls under the Khasi-Pnar Elaka and Hima.
“I am confident that this school will grow in the coming days,” said Kong Roshan.
This age is no longer the age of knowledge of God or the church, because it has become the age in which we all take life as a child's game when a child is young and old. to grow in it.
Knowledge opens the door for the youth to try to do many kinds of jobs that arise in this age.
Every year you must receive an EPF Statement.
"The fourth part, according to Sohblei Thongni, is, 'O my God, why have You forsaken me,' which shows the feeling of loneliness in humanity, in God.
The SPC would also like to remind Bah Ardent that the good results of the VPP in the last elections also came from the contribution of the media which spread the news on all the media outlets.
Furthermore, as the Hynniewtrep people, we are proud to know that recently, thanks to the hard work of the visionaries from the Khatarshnong area, we have been able to introduce to the world the culture of the Kongthong (and the villages). neighbourhood).
At the same time, he explained that the cards they have received do not need to be renewed like other cards, but once they have received them they will last for life.
According to sources, the support of some people for the OC of Pynursla PS who has been transferred has failed. They said that the police department is still looking into whom to send.
Thus, the white stick is the face of these friends of ours, who helps them when they walk, cross the road, get on or off the road, go to work, offices, banks, hospitals. and others.
If the market is not going well, you have to break it, but the price of kwai doesn't fall but increases every year. Hey.
Julie Warjri of Sunny Hills, Theila Marbaniang of Mawlai, Banisha Jyrwa of Mawprem, Idaris Kharwanlang of Mawbah, Deneris Thongni of Mawkhar and Risuklang. Marwein and Shyiap, Mrs. Margaret Khongwir and Bishnupur.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Today is a public holiday for all government offices in the state, as it is the 178th death anniversary of U Tirot Sing Syiem.
Due to the circumstances and the passage of time or the COVID-19 crisis, the District Administration has decided to follow the SOP COVID-19 rules through the letter No.C&S.21/COVID-PER /2020/Vol.13/379 Dated 15 th March, 2021 from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, therefore, we request all the members of the family not to feel uncomfortable. The public meeting will be held on 03rd June
More will be published and may be mentioned later in future articles.
Shillong: Retired Bah THS Boney (IFS), who is also the Working President of KHNAM and will contest the MP election 2019, has met with the Director Distribution and Chief Engineer. MeECL, regarding the power outage in Mawtap, Sohiong and other rural areas which have been in darkness for more than a day due to natural damage to the transformers.
Samlin Malngiang, who won the MLA election in 2018 on the HSPDP ticket, recently resigned from the Sohiong Constituency before joining the NPP. The NPP is the only political party with the highest paid to rule alone after the 20233 elections.
Speaking on the occasion, SNSBH Secretary Bah Rapiong L Blah said that the Union will hold a meeting on the 14th to discuss the issue.
Besides the two children who appeared on the CCTV yesterday, the parents of both the children as well as the Principal of the school and the class teacher of the class have appeared before the police. , Police have found that it was a misunderstanding, not an attempted kidnapping.
The Nongbri and the Cream; Moses and Moses; The Resurrection and the Resurrection; Bashan of Nongkseh and Bashan of Nongmulong; The Old King and the Young King; and the sons of a thousand.
The MDA government took this decision after a meeting of all parties including the ruling and opposition parties under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister at the Secretariat.
He said that his goal is to start the business from those places which are very poor such as in the rural areas so that they can join those who live in the cities.
If they don't send now to protect but they (Police) go when our people are killed and injured, who will be responsible," he said.
A child was reportedly injured in the crash and a military base was severely damaged by the Iranian missiles. .
Deepak Chahar has been selected as the best player in terms of his skills, but an injury has forced him to withdraw from the CC among the players. pace bowler of the national team.
The HNLC has earlier stood firm on the demand for any peace talks that should include the subjects of the Standstill Agreement and Instrument of Accession and Annexation. The Khasi State joined the Indian Union after independence in
Many people who passed through this road were surprised to see it because such a road is not seen in the state.
Two persons were seriously injured in the attack on the petrol pump by the GNLA and were taken to hospital. you are very sick.
“I and the people of the constituency are very sorry for this incident and the surprising thing is that even the leaders in the state government and the area have not said anything about this.
According to the investigation, the bomb was not very powerful.
Unclean, unrighteous, unforgiving, slanderers, unrighteous, thieves, greedy, greedy, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God. And God'
Jowai, Nailar 03 : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Jowai District, Jowai has announced the release of Ration for the month of August, 2022 in Jowai.
Even when you came, we were still sleeping.
Speaking during the election campaign in Phulbari, Conrad said, “PA Sangma when he was alive used to say that you should not serve money or power but serve the people first. He himself will give buskit and we too will do exactly what PA Sangma has taught us.
Indeed, there are many people who have a helpful spirit and are ready to raise their hands to support their fellow human beings in this pandemic and we cannot mention the hard work of some Dorbar Shnongs, voluntary organizations, churches and so on.
The Jews believed only in the flesh that Jesus was only a man, the son of Joseph and Mary.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, Bikram D Marak on Tuesday said that the Court of Special Judge (POCSO Act) Jowai on Tuesday sentenced Francis Suchiang to death. Sec 8 of the POCSO Act and sentenced to four years imprisonment with a fine of T.6000/- and if he fails to pay the fine he will continue to imprison for another 2 months and another punishment under Section 506 IPC. and a fine of T.2000/- and if the fine is not paid, he shall be imprisoned for another 1 month.
Skill development and entrepreneurshipIndia is a country of 600 million people between the ages of 18 and 35 of which 65% are under the age of
He said that after it was announced that the cows have the disease, many people have been afraid to eat the meat and the number of people in the area has decreased significantly. In the days when the number of pigs, which used to be 100 pieces, has dropped to 25-30 pieces, the number of pigs has been suspended and no pigs have been cut because no one buys meat.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today accompanied the residents of Baikam village to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to demand for the inclusion of Baikam village in the state of Meghalaya.
When asked what he would do if the BJP proposes the post of Symbud Prime Minister or if it targets to allocate shares to take over heavy portfolios, Ajmal said, “If they propose to sit on the post of Prime Minister and we shall not be able to work together.
Shillong, July 24: The State Security Commission (SCC) has selected three IPS officers as the Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma at the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of the Bajengdoba Community Health Center on Monday.
Shillong: The Raid Nongblai, Khyrim Syiemship invites all the children of the Raid Nongblai, near and far, to come and participate in the honor and respect for the symbols of the Raid Nongblai. U Ni U Kong in the Suit Lyngdoh on the 17th October 2020 at Nongblai followed by the Shad Lyngdoh on the 18th October 2020 after the rituals.
“It is surprising that this employer has taken advantage of the fact that this road is in the villages.
Bah Meban Tariang, Kripa Foundation, R.Lyngdoh, District Mental Health Programme, Cinchona Sport Club leaders including Robin Lyngdoh, President, Anthony Nongkynrieh, Secretary and other dignitaries.
Winston Churchill said: “There is no difference in change if it is in the right direction.
The court also ordered that there should be a consultation with Justice Katakey for the use of these 10 CISF personnel. It is also subject to the discussions and arrangements between the State Government and the Central Government.
“Many of the people have been deceived by the party exploiters,” he said, adding that Lyngdoh has been nominated by other candidates, but it is not true because they have taken the matter with one mind. of the household as a whole".
In this tragic incident, there was only damage to all the property of the family, but fortunately no one else was injured in the incident.
“It will be the same as in the previous elections even if we work together in the government but in the election all the parties contest their own candidates.
Are we gaining strength in the faith or are we losing strength in the faith?
That’s their job.
We can say when there is no blessing, which means there is a curse.
He was a slave once.
He directed the Enforcement Department of the Council to issue Trading License to the shops of foreigners selling goods from Motphran to Bimola Pharmacy.
At the same time, the Seng would like to express its gratitude to Samla Donbok Marbaniang, Bah Rangstarwel Wankhar, Victoria Warjri and all the members of the Seng, for their contribution to the Seng as part of the Help these families in need at such times.
The Tur Shaphrang Educational Award was presented to Shondri Lyngdoh Nonglait (72%), Richard Lyngdoh Nonglait (81%) and Werson Nongsiej (81.33%) who passed well in the last SSLC examination.
“Like Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, it is more difficult to find in society someone who has the spirit of giving,” said Ma Francis Dkhar.
Please explain to me. I want to understand the meaning of the word in the bible.
“I have to find out whether there is a letter from UCIL. However, I don't know anything about that letter from UCIL,” said Bah Syiem.
The Block Demand Committee will also meet with the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills and the Minister In-charge of C&RD Block to inform them on the same issue so that it will be of benefit. not for one or two, but for many.
“We have not yet investigated thoroughly and once we have asked the court for time to investigate him, more things may come out,” he said.
The body of Wanboklang was not found at his home for post mortem at Neigrims Hospital Shillong at 6 pm.
Shillong, June 21: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne on Tuesday said that no foreigners working within the border of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) KHADC officers must have a Trading Licence.
“We have been together for three years and nothing has happened with the government but suddenly during the elections, they started throwing stones at the NPP-led government. “It's just for the election but let me tell you that the people of the state have confidence and trust in the NPP,” he said.
However, the High Court said it would be better if 10 companies of CISF were used, and not the CRPF. they work without being directed.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Urban and Suburban Dorbar Shnongs will meet with the Minister of Electricity, Clement R Marak on Friday.
These are the times when Bsein JEMNUD and PARO have to be killed.
The Parliament, however, shall have 1,000 seats.
These should have been checked in the past.
“As it is, those associations that complete the tournament will receive a financial assistance of T.2 lakh from the State Government through the Sports Department, while the clubs that win the title in those tournaments will receive for T.1 lakh.
She said that after the incident she lodged a complaint with the police at Umiam Police Station but even after lodging the complaint no one arrested or imprisoned the driver for one night.
Dr.DRL Nonglait said that KAS has also met with former Home Minister Rajnath Singh in July 2019 and the incumbent Home Minister on 24th November, 2021 in Shillong.
Shillong, July 04: The rainy season this year has been unprecedented because until July which was actually the rainy season when the rivers and streams have flooded but this year it is still This can be witnessed by the shortage of water in the Umïam Dam, one of the power plants in the state.
Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh, one of the schools outside Shillong, has topped the list of top 10 students in the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination. of Science and Commerce streams.
East Khasi Hills has 8,395 cases so far and 117 deaths.
He also announced that he (Adelbert) is the President of KHNAM and THS Bonney is the General Secretary.
In the second half, Lumpariat beat Mookynphad 3-2
The Department of English, NEHU in collaboration with ICSSRNERC organized a lecture by Prof. Ranjan Ghosh, one of the world's leading lecturers, who is also a lecturer at North Bengal University.
What happened in Australia from the 47-year uranium mining that has severely affected the environment and the communities around the Radium Hill mine in South Australia.
Helps reduce the amount of vitamins that burn or destroy the skin.
The fighting was terrible - headaches, brain injuries and injuries that did not go away.
Nongpoh: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the State Government, together with other MLAs from the Congress Party, today visited Iongkhuli village. , which happened when the police from Assam, came to demolish the electricity posts which were planned to be installed from Meghalaya to the village.
MM Thai.
To be 1335 days, there are 45 special days that God has set and that is the time of preparation for the coming of the 1000 year reign of Jesus Christ.
The Government should put examples and immediately ban the sale of meat in shops, should put them in refrigerators or any other storage place, not allow foreigners to The bench was headed by Chief Justice Banerjee.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : Police in West Garo Hills today arrested 20 persons in connection with the rioting on Tuesday night by throwing stones at the Prime Minister's Office in Tura.
Kumar said that Syiemlieh could not know exactly whether the kidnappers were groups or rebel groups but he suspected that they were gangs of robbers. and people from India and Bangladesh.
You shall not insult or insult others if you carry a bsein shi khoh.
Staff MCSWA IDU Jowai
The Holy Scriptures are Our Only Hope for Eternity.
In the final, Lawsohtun SC, which won the toss, failed to tied first but failed to score many runs and scored only 79 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
However, first of all, as applicants, we want to ask a lot of questions like, why has the state charged for the application form? Is Meghalaya the largest state in the world? Or is it a secret plan of some to prevent the poor from applying? As we know that Meghalaya is a Schedule area which means that there are many Scheduled Tribes, and which also means that the income of the STs is still very low and how the government is forcibly enriching us all.
In the 2003 MLA elections, Purno A. Sangma had proposed Robert Kharshiing as the Chief Minister if the NCP won the elections.
This is the second time in a row that Langsning has won this title in the biggest tournament in Shillong.
Devon Thomas, one of the West Indies cricket batsmen, has been banned from participating in any matches without any charges against him. You can also participate in Match-Fixing.
He said that there are still about 40 people who have already applied for mining license, but have not been able to complete it and the process of completing the requirements is going on and they will complete it one by one.
When asked whether the government will set the same price for all schools and colleges, the Minister said, “We are currently collecting information to compare and after that we will take a decision.
The expenditure on Dearness Relief for pensioners is estimated at T.7319.15 crore per annum and T.4870 crore in the current fiscal year.
Up to 60 youths have been trained in this training programme, but today only three youths have been selected to present their projects through a short explanation through the projector.
The CBI has found that in October this year, the NPCC had appointed Latiful Pasha as one of its employees to manage the payment of money to senior officers. to work in the fields, to cut signs and so on.
Shillong, July 24: The Cabinet meeting today decided to closely monitor the demand of the Central Government to release Meghalaya from the NGT ban on coal mining. The Ministry of Coal has issued a Presidential Notification to amend Para 12 A (b) to exempt the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act,
Therefore, if we speak in general, it is not only in Iewduh that the theft of thiem has spread throughout the state and also the pollution of satah has happened in almost all the villages and townships in the state.
He said that a youth named Kamlesh, did not touch anyone but went to clean up the incident which happened during the Holi festival.
He said that the funding for the project will be 90:10 of which 10 percent will be funded by the State Government and 90 percent by the Central Government.
Many people who were in a hurry to get to work or go to work had to take these two wheelers to drop off and pay a lower fare while the drivers of the two wheelers.
It is true that the ILP in Garo Hills as a whole has been abolished since 1897 by the British Government of India by the Repealing Act
Shillong, July 09: Three outstanding students of IIM Shillong, Kashish Sharma, Saagarika Bhasker and Sampada Dubey, have received the Aditya Birla Scholarship. Shillong produces talented students who continue to receive the Aditya Birla Scholarship, the most prestigious scholarship in the country.
In the Bible we find that many of God's people experienced storms in their lives, even the disciples of the Lord Jesus who saw and faced Jesus experienced the same.
We will be vigilant in this regard and we will not like one language to ban another language,” said Dr. Nonglait.
Meanwhile, Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA and Chairman of MTDC, recalled that when he was Minister of Arts and Culture in 2021, he started this work by meeting with the Minister of Arts and Culture. Union Minister in charge of the department, G Kishan Reddy, on his part, has allocated T.13.13 crore out of the total cost of the project which is T.14.48 crore.
Prestone has criticized the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma for the decision of the Congress at the CLP meeting held today to write a letter to the CLP. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has said that the government led by the NPP has destroyed the state because the government does not have enough leaders.
John F Kharshiing said that the book has been published in English because the work of the Khasi States has to be understood by non-Khasis from the Government of India and others.
“The police department has taken action to investigate the group to find out the truth about this case,” he said.
This is a holy work.
Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the Khaw, which was launched yesterday, will be distributed to all the poor families in the Jirang Constituency. to select those families who are really poor and to give this food to those who are really poor and who are in difficulty to get adequate food and drink.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District has announced that it has temporarily suspended the registration of grocery stores in West Jaintia Hills District.
Ali carried this money, while the man came to snatch this money.
The incident happened near Saba village on the border of West Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The State Government has decided to release the two ADCs, the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to avoid the financial crisis. They have reached the point where they cannot pay the salaries of their employees for many months.
The Rangbah Shnongs should inform the public about this and prohibit the residents from going to Bhoirymbong without proper reasons,” said the president of the Union of Village Authorities of Ri Bhoi Mihngi.
D, has been in police custody for four days, which started yesterday.
Nongpoh, Nailur 13: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) Central Zone has expressed its deep sorrow over the immoral behavior of Jio Company in Mawtari Myrdon village which has caused the residents of Mawtari Myrdon to suffer from the earthquake. .
In the first final among the girls, ïewrynghep Sec.School against H.Elias Memorial School came to an end where the girls of ïewrynghep won the title. 2-1 goals to win the title.
In our opinion, if we say or use the word "Father" we feel that it affects the religion or the church and perhaps it is as if we are talking about religion, so in our speech we should like to use Da ka Ktien Rangbah / Bah and we have never thought that it will upset many especially our fellow countrymen.
Sandhu said he was the only Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, among Indian leaders to join the Congress of the United States twice.
In the past few days, the Government of Manipur has informed the Central Government that three armed groups from the Kuki National Army (KNA) and the Zomi Revolutionary Army (ZRA) have been arrested. ) and the Kuki Revolutionary Army (KRA) have not complied with the terms of the social ceasefire signed on 22nd July,
Nongpoh: Some Khasi jhur farmers, who are Khasi, continue to do their jhur farming activities in collaboration with foreigners, according to reports from many residents. Those who live in the Sunapur area of ​​Assam, those who use the 14Mer Byrnihat road and leave for the villages in the Sunapur area.
When inquired, the vendors said that the price in the market sometimes falls and sometimes rises.
Those who refuse to converge are out of touch with the rapid changes- and disconnection is the path that leads to disappearing off the face of the earth.
The water is pumped from a well known as Umbuit for a distance of 13.00 km to the Water Treatment Plant.
US authorities have recovered two bodies of two Indians who went missing in the Indiana River.
It is the source of being deceived by falsehood.
He said the new plan now is to do something in Doda, Kishtwar and Ramban districts to strengthen the security forces and maintain peace in the area.
At the end of 20 overs, Meghalaya managed to score 119/6
The holiday had them very suspicious.
We have talked to the victim and we are now waiting for a report from the police.
Forms can be obtained from the DSO Dkhiah West, Khliehriat District Sports Office, Khliehriat. The closing date for submission of application forms is 6th June
In the AFC Asian Cup qualifiers, India are in Group D with Hong Kong, Afghanistan and Cambodia.
In particular, the party urges the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri to immediately dismiss the two police chiefs, W. Muksor and W. Rymbai, who have been in East Jaintia for too long. If the government does not comply with this within these few days, the party will hold more strong protest programmes.
There are 283 cases in Ribhoi District, 172 cases in Ribhoi District, 64 cases in East Khasi Hills, 15 cases in South Garo Hills, 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in South West Garo Hills and cases, West Garo Hills 4 cases, East Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
Meanwhile, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, said that the crime rate has increased in the district in terms of drug trafficking.
In the tied innings, Santhosh scored 59 runs off 94 balls before being dismissed.
We sympathize with the families of those injured, and we hope for a speedy recovery among those injured.
Even after her retirement, Mother Anne continued to help teachers and students in need, except during those years when she was at St Michael's Convent in Umsning and St Joseph's Convent in Jaiaw. Shillong.
The new plant was left empty.
MDC Malki Constituency Bah Fantin J. Lakadong was also present as the chief guest.
All the food products, manufactured through the company, have been banned.
Let's see what happened during those 1000 years?!.
Besides, the union has also found that most of the employees in these offices are foreigners and there are only a few Khasi.
I get a lot of comments on this, from those who agree and disagree.
Garnet Thangkhiew, mother of Baniar Thangkhiew, resident of Madonna Convent Upper Shillong, passed away on 3rd August
People’s criticism is always there, but the law should not apply to someone who is not involved in illegal activity and the police should arrest the owner of the property and bring forth the truth.
“The people have become spectators when there is training or demonstration of assistance by the SDRF, NDRF. educating the public," he said.
He said the government has tried to implement the 'One Nation One Ration Card' where workers can go to work from one state to another and if they are anywhere they can get it. the government's assistance.
Regarding the incident at the Marvelenn Inn Hotel owned by his family, HDR Lyngdoh said the government and he, as the Minister in charge of Police, have not interfered with the incident. Mawhati MLA Julius K Dorphang has also been arrested for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl.
The Superintendent of Police (SSP) has urged anyone who has information about I Love You Talang to come forward within two days to collect the body of Talang.
Omega-3 fatty acids : Omega-3 fatty acids are very beneficial for health and blood pressure.
It cannot be denied that politics is indeed power and also money is indeed politics, with money the people are made to elect their representatives, in the power of money the representatives who have you are elected and able to hold the throne of power.
Six cricketers from WKHDC to represent the state in the tournament in Andhra Pradesh: Rupang: The President of the West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (WKHDCA) has announced that the six cricketers will represent the state in the tournament. The cricketers from WKHD who have been selected to represent the state in the tournament are Evanrilin S Syiem, Lasiewspah Marweiñ, Thymmeiingbakor L Mawnai, Sildamcresha Marbaniang, Deiphibanpynsngaiñ L Mawnai and Hundreds of thousands of Wahlang.
The District Magistrate issued the order after receiving a report from the Branch Manager of the Bank that there is no case of COVID-19 in the branch.
Seven shooters took part in the 50Meter Rifle Prone.22 Rifle.
"I don't recognize you anymore because they covered my face and I was covered with a cloth..." Hep replied, "You don't try to lynniar.
He said that since he started implementing the Act, he has applied for 45 elections through the right to information from various departments on these schemes, how many types there are and he received clear answers from the Public Information Officers of government departments.
However, one night Rida told her mother that she wanted to sit alone with her.
The UFC has also announced that the opening round of the second season of the Road to UFC will be held on the 27th and 28th of June; in which the tournament shall maintain the four weight categories of the athletes for the previous part of the tournament; namely Men’s Flyweight, Bantamweight, Featherweight and Lightweight.
L.Kharmalki said that HIV, Tuberculosis (TB) can be prevented with the cooperation of other government departments and the cooperation of all as there are many people who have died due to TB. The ceremony was led by the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS and was attended by all those who attended the meeting. Special prayers for those affected by HIV/AIDS At the programme, testimonies were also received by Agui Daimei and Virgil Suchiang.
“After I had put in my passbook to send the count, I went out again, but the surprising thing was that my passbook had disappeared and when I asked the staff of the office, they said I've lost my passbook and they sent me to look for it and when my passbook was lost it made me doubtful so I sent out the statement of my passbook and the sad thing is in that statement. “It was shown that my money of up to T.50,000 has been withdrawn without my knowledge,” said the man.
Shillong: Meghalaya won the fourth match of the Ranji Trophy against Mizoram by scoring 324 runs by 10 innings on Saturday. in Polo, Shillong.
Of these, the assets of UDP President and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Bah Metbah Lyngdoh have increased by 68 percent to T 146.31 crore in the last five years.
Before the Rot, the Wasan including the Langdoh, Sangot, Maji, Kitkhoh and others gave Pyrnah (kyiad in the klong) to various villages known as the children who live in the land of Seinraij Tuber.
Mukroh is one of the largest villages in Jaintia Hills District, which has been forcibly annexed to Mikir Assam since 1951 for the sake of peace of governance. -Khadar (administrative convenience) because these villages are closer to Assam in these years, which is the Administrative Head Quarter, than to Shillong, where there is still the DC. , which rules over Jaintia Hills and Sylhet.
Speaking to Rupang, HDR Lyngdoh said he has already filed his nomination papers for six months and said, “Now I am an independent person and if the party accepts, I am ready to serve”.
About 8 people across the state have lost their lives due to the floods this year.
He also expressed his gratitude to the relatives and parents of the youths who have completed this training and have great work ahead of them to do for the country.
Shillong, November 11: Former Home Minister and Vice Chancellor of the MLCU, Bah Robert G Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma should not close the door of talks with the opposition parties. I don't have an Inner Line Permit (ILP) in this state.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sawkmie, General Secretary, said that we will not sit idly by on this issue, but the government should implement this issue. union demands, he said.
He said that these two villages have been selected because they are the backward villages to get development projects like other villages and through this project it will help the backward villages of the area. The North East has received assistance from the Government of India and the State Government through various schemes and after the inspection, he will send a report to the Government for action.
Khliehriat, July 2 : The District Social Welfare Office, East Jaintia Hills District, today held a special program at Ladrymbai Dongwah. He said that the Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan Campaign, a program to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs, has been announced by the Central Government.
The RJTA has decided to meet the District Magistrate to extend the closure order so that the traders will not starve.
The relatives or anyone who has a connection with him are requested to collect the body from the mortuary of the hospital within three days from the date of publication of this notice, otherwise the body will be handed over for burial. Shillong Municipal Board.
RR Marbaniang said that a few months after he resigned as party leader, he tried to find other political parties to cooperate for the election, but he did not agree. mind faithful.
Now I will rule over you, O Lord.
The public hearing was conducted by the ADC of East Jaintia Hills, Bah LK Nongbri in the presence of ADC SS Syiemlieh and Asst.Engineer of MSPCB, Bah S.Syiem.
The union congratulates Basan who conducted the meeting for promising that the Hima will issue an order to all government departments in Ribhoi, especially in the border areas with Assam. to cancel all NoCs issued by persons or elders appointed solely as village headman.
Not only that, the spirit of loss without thinking of the future has entered into the soul of man, by burning the forest, the trees, which have turned, and the water that flows from they begin to ring tyrkhong and at the same time to disappear.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Union Minister of State for Ports, Shipping & Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal while inaugurating seven new buildings as part of Project II of the North Eastern Institute. of Ayurveda & Homeopathy (NEIAH).
The friends praised the way the friends and the children of Bah Shanbor prepared food.
He said that only three of them took the money but when they had done the work they sent him to take the most and he went on Sunday to take it. money.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday held a public distribution of leaflets entitled “MoU Illegal Behavior-Threats to the Country and the Hynniewtrep Nation”. talk about the loss of the state from the social settlement and the loss that will happen if the government goes ahead with the demarcation according to the report submitted by the Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma as part of the celebration. Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the jaidbynriew, who used to speak and fight hard to resolve the border issue, to the Khasi Hills.
In 2010, it was extended and allowed the husband to have the right to take care of his children if the husband has a mental illness or has converted to another religion.
Shillong: A meeting was held between the Tournament Committee of the Shillong Premier League (SSA) and the representatives of the eight clubs to participate in the Shillong Premier League
Babu BR Kharlukhi proves that the Khasi children do not have their own writing system.
The American people are angry with Donald Trump for not taking action to prevent the spread of the coronavirus in the United States, which has killed 205,000 Americans.
He said that this will be the greatest opportunity for the Self Help Groups to share information at this time to improve each other.
“I would like to say that what we are doing now is that we have already heard many times on the basis of the documents issued by the previous government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, therefore, we are doing it on a well-founded basis and it is impossible to look back or review, because we are doing it for the sake of the future generation.
Therefore, it is said that this is the reason why Israel has sworn to punish these terrorists for the sake of those innocent souls that it has lost because of the enemy. of these Hamas militants in Palestine.
They were afraid, but the pedestrians stood on the road.
Therefore, we must understand clearly that after the creation of the State of Meghalaya, the division between the tribal areas and the normal areas was abolished and the State of Meghalaya is the whole.
Everyone wants a free and fair election.
Kharsyntiew, the BJP candidate for the 17th North Shillong Constituency, said this at a meeting held at Riatsamthiah Community Hall on Saturday to express his position on the proposal. that he will contest the 2023 elections.
At the same time, most of the farm workers in the State have to work two or three jobs to support their families.
As seen through programs such as PRIME, the State Government has launched many programs and activities in recent years.
Priyanka was born to Nich last November in Rajasthan.
He said that the CTD will be divided into a General Dorbar and an Executive Dorbar in which the members of the General Dorbar will be all the Rangbah Shnongs and Chief Shnongs with a total salary of 7 to 8 thousand. The Executive will consist of 6 members from KHADC, 7 members from Elaka, 7 members from Raid and 11 members from Dorbar Shnongs.
To say that they will take the exam again is difficult for them.
Dehradun: About 500 people have attacked a church in Roorkee village in Haridwar district, tied up people and destroyed a place of worship. residents of the village who are gathering to hold a special prayer on Sunday, 03 March this year.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinThe Lyngngams before becoming Christians must first complete all the rituals related to the sacrifice so that God of heaven and earth will bless them when they become Christians.
The scientist, from Germany, wrote in his book 70 years ago about the name of Elon.
This means that before the beast comes, many believers will not turn away from their faith in Jesus Christ.
HANM from the Units and Circles in a statement, strongly condemned the action of the DC, West Khasi Hills in arresting the MPDA leader.
He said that the Hima has already provided all the requirements for the dress code of the daju Iewduh including the bill license for foreigners. office from the first day of the 12th of July.
He said that from the strong foundation they have, they should also have a good and right mindset, because if from school the children have a wrong and bad mindset, they will do not reach the goal of their education.
“It was on this day that Jesus wept for Jerusalem and said – “Ah, if thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! father! but now they are hid from thine eyes!” Luke 19:29-4
This shows that there is no inheritance in the Khasi.
Jowai, Nailar 17: The CEC today held its 7th Annual General Meeting at Mini Stadium. ASSA Ladjaplem Amlarem Sub-Division, on the theme “If you do well, you will be able to achieve your goals”.
The roster system belongs to the Court which has ordered the implementation of how we have allocated jobs over the past decades whether it is in accordance with the rules of law or not,” she said.
Innocent people who have not taken part in violence have been abducted, killed and their homes destroyed by fire.
On the other hand, the Deputy CEM said that it would be good if the residents of the village should unite and express their views to the Regional Committee when the group arrives.
In an interview with Rupang, the residents of the village said that the price of synsar, this year, has dropped sharply and is only between T.4 to T.5 thousand per quintal. This price does not compare at all with the price of synsar in the past two years, when the price of synsar was between T.10 to T.13 thousand per quintal. The farmers of the village have been facing difficulties throughout the year, from cleaning, to maintaining the synsar field, then to planting and harvesting and carrying and bailut. , per quintal, is estimated to reach T.6 or T.7 thousand per quintal and thus each household in the village is at a loss, where as Many synsar farmers, the loss, the increase in the price of shops, the expenditure on wages and others, have turned these synsar farmers into extreme poverty.
He loved tea and boxed for 20 thousand rupees in the 60s.
The government authorities have closed down the hospital and media reports say that the doctor is not sick himself, but (perhaps) he has been infected by his brother-in-law, who has just arrived from New Zealand. York, on 22nd October 2020, which was also the day of the curfew in the country and in her travels, she thought a little in the State as well.
One day while talking to Kong Mer, Niakha asked Rida again.
There was only one person from Rangia, Assam and West Bengal in the vehicle.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 78 and the death toll has risen to
Tarun Gogoi had to stay at the relief camp for about five minutes and after that he had a meeting with government officials.
Abhishek also criticized the corruption in many departments of the state government which has caused the people to become corrupt. “It has turned into a field of corruption by the BJP and NPP,” said Abhishek.
The Union invites the residents of Jaintia Hills to participate in this Fete to raise funds for the construction of two offices of the Union in two districts of East Jaintia Hills. and West Jaintia and other activities of the Union for the welfare and development of Jaintia Hills.
He urged the company to help in providing employment to the youth in these days of unemployment.
Police said that the driver of the truck fled the scene, but after a while he surrendered to the Byrnihat Police Outpost. Police are conducting investigation into the incident and will prosecute the driver of the truck for reckless driving.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 07: The Nongkasen Sport Club on Saturday held a meeting to encourage and donate to the school children in the village. they shall continue and diligently study their studies.
On the other hand, the MLAs of the state on Thursday decided to provide full support to those people affected by HIV or People Living with HIV (PLHIV) through their schemes and also to strengthen public awareness against this disease in the state.
The goal is to bring about a change in the system of governance that will enhance transparency and accountability in the working of government.
The former CEM of KHADC said that he will continue the strike indefinitely until the government fulfills the demand to pass the Council Bill.
Various competitions will also be held among the students during these two days as part of the programme.
Niaw Wasa has also won the Meghalaya State League.
When asked when the second round of peace talks will be held, Prestone said, “Therefore, the Government is still waiting for a reply from them and to set a date.
On the other hand, Umsning MLA, Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong, while speaking on the occasion, expressed his happiness to take part in the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the school. This school, although it still has many shortcomings, has served and educated many children in the area.
Replying to a question, he said, “I am happy to be an MP because I know that contesting the MP election is different from the MLA election. I also have to be brave to be with the people especially when I see with my own eyes the problems of the people in my area that they are facing and therefore I must come out to protect and fight against the problems. that asked.
He said that as they have alleged that the NPP is corrupt and the most dangerous corruption is corruption to mislead the minds of the people in the state and as the NPP party will not listen to them. They are committed and continue to serve for the sake of bringing about change in the state.
The goal lasted until the end even after Lummyrli's attempt to score.
The value of the motorcycle is T.69lak.
Shillong: Another person, who came from Guwahati, Assam, has tested positive for covid-19 and is now in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District.
In his speech, he said that the Meghalaya government is currently preparing a special program and that is the Rescue Mission which is part of the prevention of maternal mortality and prevention of deaths of children under 3 years and this program is now beginning to circulate.
Preparations are underway to extend this to all Licensed Service Areas of the country.
Meanwhile, Rakkam A Sangma said it was a memorable day for Baghmara and South Garo Hills as a whole and recalled the journey of establishing the college.
It is for this reason that when we elect or produce leaders we need to look carefully at these factors.
Looking back at the areas where the villagers still have plenty of land to farm and crops such as soh ki pai, kwai tympew, kait ka shriew, synsar and sying, the people don't worry. but they work hard and diligently in their work every day.
Speaking at a meeting with journalists and office bearers of the party in the past few days, he said that they will send witnesses in 12 books to a group of one person who headed by a retired judge.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister and Leader of the Opposition, has not applied for the MP election but three candidates have applied for ticket from Tura. Zenith Sangma, former MLA Deborah Marak and Youth Congress President Richard Mrong Marak.
The CEM also introduced two Bills, the Amendment Rules 2023 and the First Amendment) Bill, 2023.
The committee also criticized the KHADC for paying T.21,22,000 tyngka to the KHCF in 2013 and asked whether the money was paid by the KHADC. in any form-grant, loan or donation please.
On the other hand, the DGP also congratulated the Ri Bhoi Police for the seizure of this first grade Kynja on Tuesday.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that illegal coal mining in the state has started with the rule of the NPP, an ally of the BJP. The people were promised before the elections to reopen the coal mining within six months and this has encouraged the illegal mining.
The purpose of this meeting was to explain the benefits and assistance in employment.
These leaders are from Mylliem Them area which includes 15 villages.
In the past, almost all the teachers from all over the Khasi Hills used to come to this training center in Sohra to train in their teaching jobs but now after the emergence of various diets in this training centre, only teachers from East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District.
This was done as part of the work of the British to promote the marketing of agricultural products by introducing new varieties of crops.
Researchers from other countries say that covid19 can survive up to three days or 72 hours outside the human body, especially in steel or plastic objects.
“Is there anything that can be hidden,” said Prestone. “Even the Audit Report is there and we don't have any problems and I can't understand why he has to write to the Prime Minister in the In fact, he could have written a letter to me or to the CMC of MeECL to get all the documents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: As part of the fundraising campaign for the 1st Division Football League and 1st Division Cricket League, Malki Sports Club will hold a penalty shootout on November 1 and 2, Malki from 10:00 am.
The husband believes that the woman sells the land by living clean and the truth is that the Syiems, Ministers, RSs. distribute their seals and stamp pads.
It (the Government) has only the spirit of burial even though four people have lost their lives,” he said.
Furthermore, the registration of non-residents on Job cards, the registration of non-residents as ration consumers, the conversion of stone blocks to the houses built for demolition. ñiut by mixing with human household and others.
In addition, the MSPCB has been directed to register a case against the smuggling of coal which is a violation of the law to prevent pollution of the air and water.
The aim and objective of the festival is to bring love and friendship among the youth, to promote and encourage them and especially to preserve the traditional customs and culture of the ancients. that they should not lose but to preserve their heritage especially the youth who have a great role to play.
Also present at the meeting were Secretary of the Union Vickychall Kharmih and other leaders.
“He said there is no forgiveness for corruption now and he said there should be a society free from this evil.
Thank you, God bless you all.
Look carefully and tell me if I'm wrong,” he said.
It is better for them to fight independently, do whatever they want and speak whatever they want.
He urged the people to think carefully and not to act quickly.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the Seng Khasi, Bah Arwel Rynjah, said that the talks have reached a peaceful conclusion and both sides have agreed that there will be no more disputes. Therefore, I would like to ask you to remember what has happened and from now on there will be no more such problems.
Within a few hours of the completion of the house, the house was inaugurated by the General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Donald V. Thabah.
They were arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police from a Night Super bus at Khliehriat this morning.
“My dear son,” said the mother, “listen to our words. Who are you talking to? Let's talk to you”.
On the other hand, Bah Gigur Myrthong, MLA Mawshynrut and Working President of the NPP, West Khasi Hills, said that the youth are the future of the nation.
Iadonlang Tynsong is also the Head of the Department of Tourism and Travel Management, Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
If the Government gives willingly, we accept it but it is just a trick to silence us,” said Bah Granary.
Shillong: The Voice of the People (VPP) has expressed its surprise and regret to learn that the GAD(A) department of the Meghalaya Government has handed over the ground floor of the Commercial Complex at Meghalaya House (MH). M/S Rocky Dhar, Umkdait Nongmensong, Shillong to operate from the ground floor of Meghalaya House.
The royal challenger has qualified for the semifinals. The club invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness the match. The first semi final between the strongest teams in the state, Iaikyrsoi Mawkajem FC will be played against Galaxy FC on 28th June 2020 at 2:00 pm. news release.
They are (1) Not to touch the holy books, which means the Bible, (2) Not to sing together and (3) Not to pray together.
NPP President Octomewot Lamin and General Secretary Donboklang Kharjana in a statement sent by the NPP West Jaintia Hills District said that the NPP is filled with joy and pride after the passing away of Dr WR Kharlukhi. The State President of the party was elected as the MP of the Rajya Sabha.
“We demand that the Lokayukta office should have many members from different fields such as lawyers, members of the community and others.
New Delhi: Congress leader Ajay Maken has alleged that the BJP has stolen all the donations that the Congress party has collected.
It is a duty enshrined in the Constitution and it is also a responsibility to meet and provide for the needs of the people.
On the other hand, the DM of EJH said that although the BSF has worked hard to fight against the border areas especially in relation to the smuggling of cows and other goods, they will continue to fight against the smuggling of cows and other goods. to prevent the spread of Covid 19 from across the border of Bangladesh.
Nongpoh: Four persons from Nagrabil village in Umtyrnga area have been arrested recently in the media on charges of involvement in the kidnapping and murder of a 14-year-old boy from the village. Nagrabil, yesterday appeared to explain to the public, saying that this allegation is groundless, but only an attempt to insult them.
He said that the completion of the shuit ka shor in this area belongs to the Ryngku Stu, which is one of the 28 Ryngku.
Rangdajied scored the second goal in the second half through Nongneng, who came on as a young player and scored with a header. The captain of the team, Knerktilang Buam, was shot.
During the inspection, the KSU found that there are 72 foreigners working in these car dealerships without proper documents.
The meeting also decided that the government should implement the Tenth Schedule in all districts.
The announcement came after Zelensky arrived in France on Sunday evening and had dinner with Macron at the Elysee Palace.
He said that the FKJGP, which is part of the NEIPF led by Anup Chetia, had held a rally in front of the Governor's House in Assam yesterday to protest against this. The Government of India does not care about the people of the North East.
In this age, people who are able to earn a living, who have money, who have power or authority when they are sick, are strong and can get healing because they have the means and power to access adequate health care and the best hospitals.
It has also banned the sale of beef in areas in Assam.
And in the terms of the license there is a section no.3 which states that the licensee shall sell only those goods for which he has taken the license and shall do his work only. the premises specified in the licence.
Every person in Kongthong has his own voice which was given at birth and that voice is used when calling that person.
I would like to ask you to tell me and the NPP what Article you can bring to get rid of the shongsang.
After the meeting, a visit was made to the site which is located in a convenient location at Dong Mission, Mawryngkneng which is central for the students and is also closer to the Shillong Bye. -Pass and follow the road to Ksehpyndeng Village.
According to sources, some of these ministers will lose their portfolios and some of those close to him will lose their portfolios.
In the second leg, Ummulong beat Khanduli 6-0. Daman Shullai scored in the 5th, 48th and 52nd minutes, Mebanker Challam in the 10th and 39th minutes and Edie Pyngrope scored in the 66th minute.
She is also the first player to win the trophy since Angelique Kerber in 2015 and 2016 along with her opponent. of me; Aryna Sabalenka has lost for the third time in the final.
In a letter signed by the President Leningstar Rymbai and Secretary Roitre Dkhar, the union has informed that since 1951, the land of Block-1 & 11 which is still under the Jowai Civil-Sub Division has been forcibly transferred to the union. The United Mikir Hills District was appointed by the Governor of Assam in that year, but until the state was independent in 1972, nothing was said by the government.
Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Ajay Kumar Mishra said that according to a report sent by Prison Statistics India, the highest number of prisoners are Sixty-seven people were sentenced to death in 2021 in Uttar Pradesh, followed by Bihar with 46 and Maharashtra with
The spider man was identified as 27-year-old Mattia Vilardita from northern Italy.
After investigation, it was found that the family of Bah Barnabas Nangbah in Shillong, who are from Lamin, are descendants of Kiang Nangbah's mother.
During his journey from Murthal to Ambala, the Congress leader talked to the truck drivers about the issues and problems they face, the source said.
When asked, the Minister said that she has not been authorized to conduct any investigation into the incident, saying that NEIGRIHMS is a department of the central government. , but it is the responsibility of the Meghalaya government to look after it.
The Red Cross urges the public to follow the rules and regulations and to stay clean in order to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
It is worth mentioning that the police especially in these days since the beginning of the puja have been conducting heavy patrolling to prevent any attempt to disrupt the puja.
This was announced by the Prime Minister, Amit Shah on 25/07/2
He said that the HSPDP wants the state to be ruled by the indigenous parties and he accepted that the indigenous parties are only the UDP and the HSPDP. The cooperation between these two organizations should be strong and stable.
The armed men abducted these traders in the morning from Tebrongre market, the market where they used to come to trade from time to time.
“Before the end of this year or the end of December, I will release you and I will definitely get you because I have lost my will to my Khasi friends,” said Bah.
On the other hand, speaking on the decision taken by the UDP and the People's Democratic Front (PDF) not to support the National People's Party (NPP) to form a government in the state, he said: Sangma said these are the incidents that happen in the world.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 6: The Hynniewtrep Achik People Council (HAPC) under the leadership of Samla Jylliew Singh Marweiñ on Tuesday said that the HAPC strongly condemns the behavior of some people who went to throw stones or set fire to the house. Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut Constituency.
Ranisha Kyrsian, resident of Mawtari Myrdon in Ri-Bhoi District, has lodged a complaint after the man took the Bolero. The Pick Up (ML 10 C 4619) with the intention of stealing from the vehicle has not returned since that day and it is not known where it went.
And those who eat from them will also receive the same.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Lumdiengjri, Bah Jolsing Rani, who has been in charge of the post of Rangbah Shnong for less than two years, said that he cannot say anything on this order. This until after the meeting with the Shiphew Dorbar.
Agnes also demanded that a speedy trial should be given. The CSWO also expressed its condolences to the family.
Regarding the JMB, he said that the Dorbar Shnong found out on the 11th of this month and immediately the next day it convened the Dorbar to investigate who authorized the JMB to leave. break the garbage in Myntriang village.
On the occasion, the General Secretary of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU), Ma Arky Dhar, performed traditional dances by the Youth Union of Pamrapaithlu under the leadership of the President of the Union, Samla Shanbor Rymbai. There were also performances by the students of UP School Mookhep and the youth of Ummulong.
The reason for this is due to the high cost of vehicles like wild boars which has put the traffic police in confusion how to solve this problem.
Many of them have been cut off from electricity due to non-payment of electricity bills or due to electricity theft.
When he turned back to the other works, he saw that they were all open; Markets, tourist attractions, offices, businesses, and many others.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers of Meghalaya (JACATAM) has decided to hold stronger protests against the government's neglect of teachers. The government has not called for talks with them within the 23rd of this month.
Speaking on the victories, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the awards do not reflect the truth as many of the awards have been lost and that the players will fix this in time to come.
So far, 6,05,000 Americans have been infected, according to Johns Hopkins University.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the UDP has the hope of winning this election, as he as a leader has received information from the constituency. of the people to vote for the UDP this time.
The main issues at this meeting were to protect the Rilum ethnic groups from causes that could endanger their identity.
He urged the residents and the community not to look down on the people with disabilities as they too have the same rights as other people with disabilities.
Indian coach Igor Stimac reportedly met with Delhi-based Bhupesh Sharma through the introduction of former AIFF secretary general Kushal Das in June
Deepika and Katrina, who are already Bollywood's biggest stars, will probably attract many to watch this film and this will also be their first film to act.
When asked whether the US was ready to fight a war, Trump said, "I don't want to fight a war. , but we are better prepared than anyone else".
Enboklang explained the allegation of the Seng Samla Hima Langrin under the leadership of Bah PS Lyngdoh that the Syiem has turned the Hima Langrin into a private land, but there is no such thing.
As an MLA, he loves the people of his constituency and the state.
He said that every citizen of Meghalaya has a place as a citizen of India which is equal, even if it is a small state.
After the complaint of the group “Khuid ia ka Wah Myntdu” to the district authorities, it was found that the dumping of soil by the workers into the Wah Myntdu has polluted and turned into hands this wah which is the source of drinking water for the whole city of Jowai. other.
Nongpoh: The KSU Umiam Circle (KSU) Umiam Circle has confirmed its new office bearers for the term 2022-2
Wasa Utd scored the first goal of the match through a penalty kick from Tyrchain Buam in the 56th minute.
Shri.Lasting Nutmeg (Head of Umkiang Village)
Implementation27.
He created a scheme to help the poor to improve their livelihoods and not to lose them.
Bernard Marak has been released from police custody today despite the NPP government's efforts to arrest him. beat him in prison.
Tabish, who was arrested from Mumbai, where he was proven to be the leader of the group, swore to cooperate with Amir, another co-defendant, and wrote the Article in the IS magazine 'Voice of Hind'
Shanbor, 24, is the fifth of 40 children of Siplinda Marbaniang, who lives in Umlyngka, Upper Shillong.
Don't just want to destroy the UDP especially the soul of the late L Dr Donkupar Roy.
The order was issued through a petition filed by Gavin M Mylliem in the Meghalaya High Court against the Meghalaya government. Justice HR Sen.
There are many differences between this tournament and the All India University Games.
The JYF said that it has already sent a letter to the SDO MePDCL regarding the problem of post bording in Bataw village since 15th June this year to the SDO MePDCL to repair the post bording in Bataw village.
Shillong Lajong will play against Neroca FC on the 2nd November at 5 PM in Shillong.
There are thousands of such places which can attract tourists from within the state or from abroad and even from abroad, which are the food source for hundreds and thousands of families.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that he will form an Executive Committee (EC) of all the parties in the Council in the coming days.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger said that on July 13, 2022 at about 6 pm, police of Madanryting Police Station received a tip. The body of Bah Snor Kharkongor was found in a dark night at Mawriwar East, Pyngkya village.
After Home Minister Amit Shah introduced the bill in Parliament, Twitter has been filled with those who are looking for people from Srinagar and other places to buy land. houses in parts of the State.
The closing date for registration will be 10.04.2022 and the tournament will start in April this year.
This is a sign of the terrible sin that the children of today are living in. Such children to have in the home is a burden on the parents.
The Swedish singers said that after 35 years of absence, it would be a great pleasure for them to take part in the release of a new album.
He said that part of the purpose of this meeting with the district authorities from Ri Bhoi and Karbi Anglong is to ensure that the people are not affected by the incident. They also decided to work together to maintain the peace and order of the people of Block II, which is still in the border area between Meghalaya. and Assam.
When asked about the measures to be taken to reduce the power outages in the State, the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal said that as of now, the purchase of electricity at low prices has been stopped. that the water level in hydroelectric reservoirs was more adequate after heavy rains.
UDP sources said that talks between the party and Fenela are ongoing.
He expressed his hope that this outreach program will be of great help to the leaders from the ruling parties of Meghalaya and other states in the North East.
In addition, Amazon has partnered with the Indian Railways' Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation (DFC) to help sellers deliver goods faster to customers across India.
“They also said that under the leadership of Dipak Mallick many judo players have lost many benefits such as scholarships from SAI, National Tournament and others.
He said that the people of Mylliem constituency should not spend only 2.73 tyngka per day to decide their future in the upcoming elections.
The middlings obtained from it can also be fed to dairy cows, as it is a good food for them.
Regarding the shortcomings found during the inspection, the MLA of Jirang, in collaboration with the MDC of Jirang, promised to work together to address the shortcomings. don't go to the Quarantine Centre.
Shillong: The Prominent RTI Seeker of the State, Bah Disparsing Rani, today said that according to the allocation of 50,000 tyngka to the families affected by the covid-19 pandemic, However, there are still many households who do not receive this money.
“We have provided and used only adequate toilets such as bio toilets in the indoor stadium and in the fitness centres.
He scored the first goal in the 24th minute and the second in the 78th minute.
In Meghalaya, according to the 2011 census, only 74.43% of the population of the State is literate.
“What is more interesting is that this temple will be used by all the residents regardless of their faith,” she said.
Makeup artist Flavia Lyngdoh and camera & editing by Amos Suting.
However, according to the World Health Organization (WHO), the number of cases worldwide has risen to 2,81808,270 and the death toll has risen to the WHO released through its official channel on November 29, 2021).
He said that the participation of Bah kynsing will be a blessing to the entire Mawkynrew area.
VPP North Shillong leader Adelbert Nongrum, who had requested for this term, later withdrew his request.
The reburial of the coal mine is another model that this village has set a good example for other villages in the areas where people mine coal.
The proverb says, "THE BUAID WITHOUT KYIAD IN THE HEART MAKES THE WAY GOOD"
The crowd is strong.
Hundreds of people came to listen to the speeches of the Nongmihkhmat of Nongkrem and expressed their desire to have clean leaders to lead the country and the nation.
“Now we have to bring them back (Block I and Block II) to Meghalaya,” said Bah Tynsong.
(5) The Head of Business is Mr. P.Tynsong and Mr. Satnam Global Ltd.
In the next match between Iongkaluh SCSC and Iongkaluh Wahsder Sports Club, Iongkaluh SCSC and Iongkaluh Wahsder Sports Club played well and although both sides struggled to score but until the end they could not. just share points.
The Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun calls for the cooperation of all and take action to follow the rules and to be thoughtful before anything happens that affects the society in our village.
After this, they have rescued 14 people who were seriously injured and 23 people are still missing.
These muster rolls are working to clean the roads in the area of ​​Vivendaka Road, Bishop Cotton Road and Biver Road in parts of Shillong.
The party will not stand idly by, but will continue to monitor the illegal entry of foreigners, especially those who have entered the country smuggled or without proper documents, he added.
Chief Justice Chandrachud, while issuing the order, said that there is a fact that the order of the High Court of Meghalaya did not give sufficient reasons why it suspended the MoU or did not disclose it. This MoU needs to be approved by Parliament.
I really feel that there is a lot of talent and films from all over the country.
Speaking to reporters on 14th June, Marak said, “As usual, the implementation of the JJM is free from corruption”.
“He said that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Entrance Test could not be implemented in 2021 and the examination has been postponed to
She urged the people to think carefully about this.
“How can a company which was rejected in the tender get to sub contract this project?” he asked the Government.
Shillong, June 24: The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on Tuesday arrested two Indian women and seized 90,000 Taka Bangladesh rupees while they were smuggling into the country. part of the border between India and Bangladesh.
The stolen auto rickshaw (ML 10 A-1912) belonged to Bah Francis Khymdeit of Sohnidan Village in Ri Bhoi District.
NPP defectors said that their opposition to the import of coal from Assam is because they fear that the COVID-19 virus will spread through truck drivers and The truck drivers carrying the coal from Assam to East Jaintia Hills District.
“The reduction in the age of election from 21 to 18 years has also happened in this Legislative Assembly,” he said.
Jowai, Naitung 31 : The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai today.
Tribal Affairs Minister Jual Oram has assets of T.1.77 crore, while North East Minister Gen VK Singh, who is also the former Chief of Army Staff, has T.1.77 crore. Assets of T.68.76 lakh The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, has assets of T.66.55 lakh.
Fenela had contested the 2013 MLA election from the HSPDP but was defeated by Brol.
But in response to the incident, Zelensky said these attacks were no different from terrorist attacks.
On this occasion, the officials of the Environment Department and the Fire Brigade, in their speeches, expressed their concern over the increasing number of forest fires in the area. in the state as a whole especially during the rainy season, which has caused serious damage not only to the environment and plants but also to the families of the residents who live near the forests. .
These four vehicles will be distributed to other districts and sub divisions.
, asked Dr Laloo.
Therefore, it is our duty to discuss these ways and means to bring about electricity supply in the state.
Supreme Court advocate Reepak Kansal was fined Rs 100,000 by Arun Mishra, a judge of the Supreme Court, for lodging a complaint with the office of the Registrar. This court has been biased in bringing cases before the judges.
That has increased the number of KHYNRIAM, PNAR, BHOI, WAR as they have begun to forget their KHASI brothers and sisters from LYNGNGAM. she grew up and grew up in her own village in her own area.
“This project has been fully funded by the government through the Planning Department,” he said.
After the 17th, the meeting will be held on the 19th at Ïawmusiang, Jowai at 12 noon and on the 20th at 2 pm at Jaïaw.
“We feel that the festival doesn't have the purpose of just singing,” said Bah O Pyngrope.
The discussion also focused on the need to appoint experts within the Ministry.
“The Governor may not approve even after 1st March, but the law will come into force from the date of session of the House,” he said.
Clashes between security forces and militants have taken place in Pallel area of ​​Tengnoupal district of Manipur since Thursday morning, police officials said.
