Ma H Iakai, one of the former office bearers who was awarded the honour, said, “Working for the village does not mean that we want that honor or award but it is for the sake of serving others and to be able to good society society.
Chandame said that the duty of the party is to go to these villages which include about 36 villages to provide all the documents in their villages and to register names on the Electoral Roll in their respective villages.
Twice we have met the union home minister Amit Shah but he refused to speak on the issue keeping the people of the state in the dark,” the NGOs said.
In addition, the District Council has ordered the appointment of a Public Information Officer (PIO) but Bah Bashemphang Thabah has not been appointed at all. I'm going to sign myself as a PIO,” said Bah Shabong.
" Girls often have to stay at home because their mother goes to work in the fields.
“Besides, the land owners have already decided not to use even 10 inches of land for UCIL to mine uranium because they are strongly opposed to the mining of uranium in the state”.
Besides planting it for the season, they also plant it especially for the fertility of the soil.
The protest will end on 27th June
The SIT team is led by Superintendent of Police, Crime Branch, Nidhin Valsan, and consists of seven other members, including Deputy Collector of South Goa, Snehal Prabhu, and Deputy Superintendent of Police, Crime Branch, Police Braz Menezes and officials from the Archeology and State Registrar departments issued the order by Home Secretary Girish G Sawant, Sawant said.
Nongpoh, March 27: The Rector Major of the Salesians of Don Bosco today visited Nongpoh parish which is one of the parishes and schools run by the Salesians of Don. The Salesians of Don Bosco celebrated their 100th anniversary in the North East of India since 100 years of journey.
Ri-Bhoi scored 177 runs and SCA-B tied 104 runs in the first innings.
Hundreds of retired soldiers, wives of soldiers who lost their lives to defend their country, children and grandchildren of from Meghalaya and retired soldiers from Meghalaya who took part in World War II. This meeting was held for retired soldiers, soldiers who took part in the wars, soldiers the wounded and the wives of the soldiers who lost their lives is to unite, support and encourage among them.
“You won't find other types of crops, because there is no horticultural project or development like in Nongkrem.
Replying to a question regarding the demands of the ad-hoc teachers, MR said the government through the education department has had discussions on this issue and will soon take action. demands teachers.
This happened after the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills through the Extra Commissioner on 29th November convened a meeting with the Waheh Shnongs/Secretaries Shnongs of Narpuh area to request them to The Toll Plaza in Lumshnong has been closed for three months and has severely affected the income of the NHAI. The Toll Plaza at Lumshnong has been opened while the NHAI has not yet been able to repair and blacktop the NH-6
In another match, 4-Mowkaïaw United beat Khliehtyrshi Sports Club.
He said that after a few minutes of the incident, the police arrived at the scene but they just watched from a distance without trying to help my brother who had to wait for the Magistrates. “It's been a long time since the Pynursla police have announced the death of my brother,” he said.
The song is composed by Dave Summer and arranged by Joelan Pariat.
The suspect was identified as Nihal Das, 21, of Sonitpur, a student of Tezpur University.
Regarding the attack, Kong Deisy and the owner of the land, Bah Sweetjune, demanded that he should pay a fine of T.5 lakh. , affects the power of the city and their thinking and land tenure.
However, there are two private land disputes between the Hima and the family of Bah Nangtei Syiem for more than 30 years.
Police said that two others were injured in the incident and one of them was a girl who sustained injuries to her hands and feet and was rushed to hospital for treatment.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailar, 03: It is a shocking incident for many of the residents of the area in the villages and neighboring villages where theft and robbery are now taking place. it doesn't rob over time it's getting worse day by day.
The residents carried flags and shouted against the BSF and carried placards against the 8 Rangbah Shnongs who allowed the government to allocate land. sha that soldier.
Referring to the need to be vigilant and vigilant against the violence of the BJP, Sangma said the central government in Delhi has repealed Article 370 for the personal benefit of some. how many people.
The Mawkyrwat Youth Association South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday celebrated its 30th Anniversary by laying the Phang.
Shillong, November 17: The Central Government through the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY) has reached 600 MW. Meghalaya has allocated T.165.64 crore for the provision of electricity to 345 households out of more than 5,000 villages who have not yet received electricity.
Shillong, March 30: The Raid Laban Taxi Owners and Drivers Welfare Association (RATA) has held a meeting with the Taxi Owners and Drivers Welfare Association (RATA) on Tuesday. Taxi drivers from Civil Hospital to St John School, Laban should not charge more than T.5 per person.
He also warned them not to eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, for if they did, they would die.
The OC of Langpih Out-Post and the SDPO of Mawshynrut, along with the Women's Police Department from Nongstoin, have arrived at Mawsikar to investigate the incident. They have lodged a complaint against the Assam police, said a statement from FKJGP President Grassful Nongrang and Skenly Lyngdoh, General Secretary.
Therefore, various organizations organize many kinds of sports for the benefit of the youth, young children and even the elderly to develop the youth in terms of sports.
The Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA) has won 18 medals for the state after winning 18 medals in the The 3rd Himalayan Swimming Meet was held in Sikkim.
Mondal said that there has been a proposal to build another power project in the Umiam River.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Human Resource (HR) meeting, Ampareen said the government will ensure that the requirements for the students of Tura Medical College are met. they will be safe especially the accommodation for students and staff will be completed in a timely manner.
Denmark drew 0-0 with France in Group C on Saturday.
Shillong, November 29: On the 3rd July, 2017, TUR together with CSWO will hold a public meeting at Bethany Society, Laitumkhrah-Shillong to protest against the sexual abuse of children. even public officials were allegedly involved in the case.
In a petition submitted to the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited, the union said that the damage to the road from Pynursla to Pongtung has been severe.
While Chyne wanted to know the outcome of the meeting between Meghalaya and Assam since there were members of the House who are also members of the regional committees, the Syiem said, “The meeting between the chairmen of the regional committees of Meghalaya and Assam and there was no discussion on how to prepare for the place we have already visited but at the meeting, the date, not yet confirmed for site visit".
On the other hand, the EJNC does not oppose the dismissal of the former SP of the district, but strongly opposes the government's appointment of Deepak Kumar Palecha IPS as the new SP of East Jaintia Hills District. The government has sent a Khasi-Pnar speaker.
According to the Board employees, the government should release the arrear of about T.3 crore to the employees of about 400 employees.
These MDCs are Lakhon Biam-BJP, Robinus Syngkon-TMC, J Treilang Suchiang-UDP, Richard Lyngdoh-INC and another MDC is former MDC Shemhok Garod-PDF. BJP candidate Ma Lakhon Biam has criticized him for using unfounded various schemes he has implemented in the 3-Raliang Constituency which would not have been achieved without his hard work.
In an era that values ​​sustainability and responsibility in the tourism industry, India's assumption of the G20 presidency is a special occasion for the country's tourism industry.
“We have the right to be treated equally because the HNLC is also a party born from ALMA and HALC. Shillong, July 7: The NDA government under the leadership of Narendra Modi has dissolved the Planning Commission set up by former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has strongly opposed this.
He was admitted to the Covid ICU at NEIGRIHMS Hospital but died of respiratory failure and Covid pneumonia.
Henceforth there is laid up for me the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day; and not to me only, but also to all them that have loved his appearing.The Second Letter of Paul the Apostle to Timothy 4:7
“I am very ashamed that I could not conduct the election properly and I resigned.
When asked whether there are any complaints received against Government servants who participate in political activities while they are in service, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that he is not aware of such.
And that is the Job Reservation Policy and that is for Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who has been appointed alone in one position.
ml-05-q-8634.
He said that the society is still facing difficulties in marketing these products and he has tried to market through various government departments and register but until now it has not been possible and the society is continuing to market yourself as much as you can.
Shillong, March 28: The GNLA on Tuesday admitted that the abduction of Jude Rangku T Sangma, BDO of Chokpot, was due to lying.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang congratulated the government for its efforts to eradicate the disease through the Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt-Bharat Abhiyan. to help these patients many of them come from poor families and find it very difficult to get adequate food and drink because as patients who are still undergoing treatment they need food. drink enough to recover quickly from the disease in addition to taking medication.
In this regard, the union demands that the government should send the BSF troops on the NH-6 at Sonapyrdi and on the border of Dona Umbluh and Ratachera villages to patrol and protect. guarding the National Highway.
Eleven papers and presentations were presented by scholars from colleges and universities in the state and abroad.
Shillong, July 27: It is not only the government authorities who discriminate against the people with disabilities but also the society.
Along with the construction and commissioning of toilets, SBM(G) phase II helps States and UTs to build infrastructure for SLWM such as village composting facilities, bio- gas plants in villages, plastic collection and sorting plants, wastewater treatment plants for treatment and post-use, toilet waste treatment plants including vehicles rubbish.
Conrad was supported by the BJP, UDP and GNC, NPP MDCs and two MLAs. Hills, despite criticism from Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, his wife and the Congress.
If it is written in the right hand, it is no longer necessary to write in the left hand.
The split within the NCP, led by Sharad Pawar, comes 10 years after Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde split from the Shiv Sena. Uddhav Thackeray.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Agustine Wahlang, Chairman of the Hima Khad-Ar Lyngdoh, said that besides the traditional costumes and dances, there will also be traditional dances. There were also other competitions such as the Shet Bam Tynrai, the Rwai Tynrai and the exhibition of traditional costumes.
Regarding the incident ha Mukroh, the drivers of these commercial vehicles have requested the government to expedite the talks where the governments of Meghalaya and Assam should take action in this regard.
The death toll in the US rose to 62,906 with 2,053 on Friday, 2,502 on Tuesday and 2,207 on Tuesday, according to the University of Baltimore.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : The Garo Students Union (GSU) has accused the Voice of the People Party (VPP) of doing politics on the demand for a review of the Reservation Policy. The revision of the Policy should not affect the 40:40% distribution of Khasi Jaintia and Garo.
Then in surprise I asked him again.
He said that by organizing such a competition, it will raise awareness among the people on the need to promote and promote traditional sports in Meghalaya.
On Tuesday, two trucks collided when one stopped while the other overturned after hitting a 2 feet deep well in the middle of the road at Dkhiah West, near Ieng. Swer Memorial Secondary School.
As soon as they arrived at the venue, the crowd was already excited, because they knew that after a while they would see them laughing at the SBUK Biria, and so it was only The ceremony had not yet started but the crowd was greeted using the words 'Khublei Shi SBUK' instead of 'Khublei shibun' and they laughed loudly.
The main reason is the release of polluted water from the factories in Byrnihat.
Chandigarh University, which won the title, won seven gold medals in wrestling, eight in athletics, three in weightlifting and swimming, two in fencing and one in fencing. in kabaddi, rugby, judo and badminton.
However, now his promises have been broken and he has shocked the people of the border area through his intention and permission to the Government to proceed with the signboard.
They also urged the Manipur government and the central government to protect the Christians in the state, especially by taking steps to end the violence and restore peace to the people.
“We must ensure that Bangladesh will not become a safe haven for the HNLC,” he said.
Vivek and his wife owned movable assets worth Rs 377 crore, as most of it was in transfer to many companies including his own Visaka Industries has been established since
The implementation of the smart meter through the Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme (RDSS) will start in the next two months with the target of installing smart meters in 4.6 lakh households.
“We are deeply saddened by the government's refusal to listen to the wishes of our beloved teachers until they hold a strike and drop out of school which has affected our education,” he said. students in a statement released to the media today.
The cost of the festival is Rs 4.3 crore and has been financed by E-Factor Entertainment Private Limited, headquartered in New Delhi.
The meeting was conducted by Dariker Lato, Asst.Teacher and welcome speech was delivered by Sanki Toi, Asst.Headmistress.
Sreenidi Deccan opened the scoring through Rosenberg Gabriel 7', but Ronney Wilson Kharbudon had a golden opportunity to turn the tide in the 24th minute. This is the first goal that Lajong have scored, and this goal has shocked the whole stadium because the young Khasi will show his talent and skill to score this goal. col.
Regarding Aadhaar, the KSU has questioned whether it is possible to register voters with the availability of Aadhaar. to Aadhaar.
In this regard, he said, the council will think carefully for the construction or repair of the existing basa and one of the needs is to improve the fish market as the fish market is very large and also the basa in Iew Lyngkot. .
The RBYDSO also urges the state government not to transfer more officers in the district, as this transfer will greatly affect the development of the district as a whole. also the suspension of many works of government departments and the people, said Samla Sebestian Malai.
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change may co-opt experts if it deems necessary.
Researchers asked participants questions about their workload and about the number of days in the past month that they had felt symptoms of mental distress, such as depression and the thought of one's life as inappropriate.
This will create 5 lakh jobs,” he added.
The training will last for 17 days and the training will include how to cook Indian food, Chinese food and traditional food.
On the other hand, Bah Shadap said that with the creation of Lummawthar, three villages including Umtngam and Birsiej have become under the jurisdiction of the Sordar Umtngam.
However, I, Joiningstar Rongrin, have tried to get information and have been able to talk to the priests of Khetri, but their answer is yes. or The news.
I promise to give my best for the team, and I look forward to meeting them soon at Fatorda," Chhetri said.
The village has become desolate because many Dkhars and lyngkieng have come for various purposes.
Such harassment, especially of women, happens through social media like facebook.
In his speech, the MP said this when one of his fellow MPs asked the Holy Mother Theresa, how can I be a perfect person in my life.
Of these, 45 cases are in East Khasi Hills, where 44 cases are civilians.
It is to be recalled that Sohniamtra from this village has recently been smuggled to Dubai through the government through the Ministry of Agriculture.
In the Open Men Double, Evendonal Iawphniaw and Pynkhangkupar Wanniang won in the Mixed Doubles while in the Mixed Doubles, Pynkhangkupar Wanniang and Synsharlang Lyngdoh won in the Single Open.
Sainkupar Nongtraw said that in the past many political parties have expressed their desire to call for peace talks with the HNLC in order to bring peace in the state but all these are political issues. .
At the same time, HDR said the reason for the postponement is that the government is planning to hold the elections for the three district councils in the last month of June.
According to this estimate, in 52 days, the Delhi government will have to prepare 60,000 beds in the state.
“Yes, everything that happened was because of me.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) is pleased to announce that the fans, clubs and players will be able to compete in the MSL. The MFA will be able to announce the names of the clubs that will participate in the MSL after all the leagues have ended.
The Minister said it was on the orders of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi that he visited Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, Lber 11: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon Blah, on Tuesday said that the party does not accept the arrest of the leaders of the National Youth Front (HNYF).
new projects worth T.77,930 crore have been funded.
Police of Lumshnong Police Station, Umkiang Patrolling Post and employees of Meghalaya Cement Ltd. They have donated food items, biscuits, drinking water and other items such as lunch or lunch to the refugees. It was a benefit and assistance to the refugees in that they escaped starvation on the roads.
Mawkyrwat, March 16: The Seng Samla Shnong Mawlangwir today renewed its full office bearers for the term 2023 – 2026 at a meeting held at the Hall of Mawlangwir Church. Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
Since 2009 and especially from 2016 to 2018, there have been many discussions on the Aadhaar number.
The union said it has not yet decided to hold a ceasefire, but has made it clear that it wants to cease fighting and violence with the union. Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC, said that the HNLC is ready to stop these activities and reach an agreement with the government. At least 10 people were killed when Russia today dropped a bomb on a foreign aid station of Ukrainian troops, just 12 meters from the Polish border.
Avantgard scored 94.33% with distinction in English-86, Khasi-90, Mathematics-100, Science & Technology-96, Social Studies 95, Health Education-9
Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Leader Robertjune Kharjahrin has asked the political parties in Garo Hills who has benefited politically from the Roster System.
When they stopped and conducted a search of the vehicle, they found Yaba imported from Bangladesh.
Nongpoh, Lber 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umsning Circle today arrested 90 foreigners who had illegally entered the state without proper documents and violated the Inter State Migrant Workers Regulation. Two buses were destroyed while they were on their way to Jaintia Hills.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah S Pasleiñ, DSP Headquarters, Ri-Bhoi District as the chief guest in the presence of Marian Maring, OCs of Nongpoh PS including DSR Lakiang, N Wahlang, RBYDSO leaders including Bah Arnold Syngkli, President Umden Circle, Bah Sebastian Malai President Umden Circle and other dignitaries.
“I don't know...” Rida said. “Why...?" The mother asked again, “Mother, I love Panah because of you.
Defending and denying that there was any corruption by the NPP, the NPP President said, “I too have supported and campaigned in many places for the MDA candidate”. it's just good news".
North Korea is currently facing a severe food shortage due to the closure of all its borders due to the corona virus.
The CEM entered the market by walking from Parking Lot Khliehiew to Motphran, Mawlong Market, Basa Sohsaw and left Khlieh Market to go to the meeting venue at Thanad Syiem Mylliem.
“I can't help but cry when my brother-in-law, Naidu, went to slap and hold the President of the Congress and so he should have been born again to save the people. Telegu", she said.
Bah Rudi said that these incidents have happened in the state and we should not blame others but we should look at ourselves and not just blame others because such an attitude will never work. guide us to move forward but we must have the courage to move forward.
The registration fee is T.100 each.
Shillong, March 30: The Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) has decided to suspend its work by staying at home from Tuesday till 6th November. The State Government has decided to take up the demands of the ASHAs before the Chief Minister.
The DC said that such incidents have to go through the Electoral Registration Officer, and the officer has to issue a notice to the person to explain regarding the registration. The ERO will look into why the name of the person cannot be removed from the ER. Therefore, the ERO will have to inform the person before taking any action. He said that this is illegal according to the election rules, and the person whose name is on the Electoral Roll will have to respond and the ERO will take another decision to remove the candidate. Your name on the electoral roll will be kept as it is.
Meghalaya will join Uttar Pradesh and Arunachal Pradesh.
When the robbers tried to take the money, the police opened fire and the robbers fled to the Simsang River and disappeared.
The medals, awards and trophies were awarded by Arki Nongrum – CEO MFA, Daniel Dan – DSO, Bobby L Nongbet – Head Coach East Khasi Hills and Rohit Nongspung – Coach JNS Grassroots Centre.
That means that they used the money that should have been used to build roads and roads or to improve schools or to bring drinking water, for other purposes and that was to distribute money to the people. to get more votes from them.
We have accepted the rules of the Supreme Court.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the amendment to the MFRBM Act was made because the Government of India is allowed to request funds according to the ability of the State to bring in changes in its institutions.
He said that the residents have already set up homestays but due to the influx of tourists they still want to build more.
Shillong: U MS Rao IAS today took over as the Chief Officer of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 13: About 40 illegally built houses in Polo will be demolished by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA), said MUDA Secretary Bah E Kharmalki.
He said that the leaders from time to time have talked about the problems of this area but the problem is that the PWD has not done anything until these days. Therefore, the PWD does not have enough money.
They said that during the non-coal season, if you count only 2000 trucks carrying goods, the Weight Bridges earn T.14 crore per annum and if you count during the coal season, it will be twice as much. while the government's cost of setting up the WB is only T.30 lakh.
And when we see these things, we know that the end is near.
In a statement, UDP Youth Wing General Secretary Hamletson Dohling said that on the other hand, the Prime Minister has said that the government will not interfere in the work of the village governance systems in the Autonomous District. On the other hand, the government has passed the Meghalaya Grassroots Institutions Governance Act
He said that there are 9,302 employees registered under the BOCW Act and they have received T.3000/- tyngka for these three months. which are already closed.
Khimusniang scored four goals through Precious Tang in the 4th, 35th, 46th and 90th minutes.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said NATO is involved in the war in Ukraine by secretly standing behind and supplying weapons to Ukraine.
From the struggles for gender equality to the struggles for the protection and preservation of the environment, the struggles for the rights of workers and others.
Therefore, he encouraged all the teams to play well so that their team can reach the goal of victory.
However, the refusal of the Sengbhalang to carry the remaining equipment such as x-ray machines and others, the DMHO said, has to stop the carrying of the equipment.
The award was presented by Kazi Rozi, Member of Parliament of Bangladesh, along with other prominent figures and poets of Bangladesh.
He said that while the electricity is not right but the monthly bill collection is right and they will not go to the Consumer Protection Act 1986 to demand the rights of the people.
This census is also not accurate because before the population of the state has been collected, the state has no new arrivals.
In an interview with this reporter, the Additional Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr. Merimai Syiemlieh, in an interview with this reporter, denied the allegation that the doctors had committed torti. He said that the transfer of Kong Altima to NEIGRIHMS Hospital was for the removal of the thyrnia as the Ganesh Das Hospital does not have the necessary equipment to remove the thyrnia.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest in his speech said that the film industry in this age has increased rapidly and has become very numerous but one thing should be remembered that the number of filmmakers should not be overestimated. However, the structure should also be improved from the story lines, the acting and so on.
Therefore, the KTFA urges the district authorities to take the necessary action if there are such incidents and the KTFA promises to cooperate with the authorities. The district administration should not allow such people to cause trouble in the villages.
Regarding the third package, the Pynursla bypass, the Government has already decided on the location of the road and will send it to the NHIDCL and other Indian departments for approval. .
If we Christians in Khasiland don't understand ourselves, we will be affected by the coronavirus which came from China.
As a Spanish footballer, the 33-year-old chess player has scored three goals in four appearances for Spain.
It was also when their parents understood that there was no bloodshed and no slightest obstacle that could hinder the marriage of their children. They are welcome to move around freely, with strong advice and pray for the presence of God that their children will not fall and fall away, so that their marriage will fail. be victorious, pleasing to God.
Now it's too much.
Charles said that through the existence of these illegal collection gates, the state as a whole has suffered a loss.
Dr Dr Nonglait also announced that a rally to demand the introduction of the Khasi language will be held on the 22nd of this month.
So from the time Jesus came to this earth until now has been a really long time after the 69 Weeks.
Ardent referred to the decision of the Himachal Pradesh and Kolkata High Courts to cancel the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries Act in these states.
This is an unfair behavior of the MeECL management to the people and especially to the Minister of Electricity because those in charge do whatever they want to turn off the electricity.
"During the investigation, the suspect said that his name is Ali Mohammad Bhat of Bonichakal Arampora Pattan. and the LeT militant outfit," police said.
The program was conducted by JSU General Secretary Treibor R Suchen and was attended by Extra Assistant Commissioner F.Wann, MCS, Principal of St. Anthony's College, Bindihati. , JSU President JSU Jrsom Shylla, South Border Zone President Ajoyminson Lyngdoh and others.
He said the government through the laws, also wants to prosecute the employers in the coal mines under the law because there is a relationship between the employers and those people who have entered the state illegally.
Shillong: There have been 44 new cases of covid-19 in the state today, up from 20 yesterday.
Shillong, July 30: The Chief Organizer of the FKJGP, Bah Marbud Dkhar, in a statement, has announced that a meeting of the FKJGP will be held at the office of the FKJGP at Mawlai Mot Syiar at 1 pm. The meeting was held to discuss the 13th of this month for the conclusion of the 25th Anniversary of the FKJGP, which will be held at the Soso Tham Auditorium. Circles from East Khasi Hills and Shillong City to attend the meeting.
“If they no longer fall within the boundary of the district council and the Dorbar Shnongs, then whose boundary will it fall?
The court also ordered that the Khasi Students Union of Moopyut Village, the Rangbah Shnong of Moopyut and seven other villages should jointly file a case in the case.
The Lakadong Festival was held to celebrate the government's efforts to promote the Lakadong shyrmit in the world and to give an opportunity to the farmers to promote the uniqueness of the shyrmit.
It is to be recalled that in Bataw there is a market which is held once a day but there is no lock down.
Congratulating the longtime leaders of the party, she said that the NPP is fortunate to have leaders like Sniawbhalang Dhar. no longer stealing the money of the people.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested four Bangladeshis who illegally entered the Indian border without documents.
The manager of Sharma's company, Banwarilal Joshi, was rescued by police after 10 days from Bangsi Minol village near Dainadubi.
In these days, even the birds, the animals, the large to the small, have disappeared completely, because the forests have been destroyed, the rivers have been cleaned up and it has affected the environment. all living creatures.
One of the causes of this rot is the bacteria I mentioned in the previous pages.
On the other hand, the Sengkhihlang prays to God that she will reach the Dwar u Blei safely and she will also bless her family members and also her family. Sengkhihlang and Sengkhihlang will be with her family members at any time when Sengkhihlang is needed.
Sabah Muswang SC beat Demthring SC 2-1 in the tie breaker. The match was very interesting from the start until the end of the first half. 1-1.
This decision was taken after the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) did not believe or listen to the demand of the union during the first wave of protest in front of the Tollgate in Lumshnong on 08/08/2
The Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed to hear a plea filed by TMC leader Abhishek Banerjee against his questioning by the CBI team in connection with the presence of corruption in the teacher recruitment in West Bengal.
PwD voters who wish to apply for the Postal Ballot must also submit their Benchmark Disability Certificate obtained under the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act,
The first death in India came from Hassan district in Karnataka where an 82-year-old man died of H3N2 infection.
He said that since 2011-16, only 8000 cows have been seized for smuggling to Bangladesh from 28 raids and this information has been handed over by the BSF to the state police.
On the other hand, the police also urged the residents of Shahlang area to cooperate with the police in order to bring peace and order in the area.
The MSLSA, which is under the National Legal Services Authority (NALSA), in the conduct of the National Lok Adalat, has heard 837 cases. cases and 450 pending cases have been heard for resolution.
If we, the 21.62 lakh voters of the State, have prepared carefully, we have carefully considered which candidates and which parties to elect, without having to worry about the money. , without being elected, without being deceived, deceived, misled, or deceived by the water, the results of the vote shall be accurate.
The number of recoveries has risen to 752 and the death toll has risen to
Police today seized eight trucks from Wapung School and Kongong.
But the Gibeonites were wise and quickly left the group to make a covenant with Joshua.
Seiñraij Parking Lot (No Entry): All vehicles coming from this road to Iawmusiang except election personnel and election vehicles are not allowed.
Where in Lyngngam do you go to buy food? Food markets like Seiñduli, Langpih, Nonglang, Riangdo, Umdang and Shallang have now closed their shops as the police have not allowed them to open and they have not received food from Shillong, Boko and Guwahati.
At present, 107 boys and girls from 7 districts of the state have come to take part in the competition.
The KSU South Central has held a protest on the 1st and 2nd of July to demand the improvement and repair of the road.
In one of the speeches of Nishan B. Wahlang and Herman Nongrum, the retired Chief Justice of the Guwahati High Court, Shillong Bench, asked him when is the Khasi New Year's Day. .
As you get older, your body is less able to cleanse alcohol than when you were younger.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, in his speech, expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle for taking the initiative to help the youth. The HYC has informed him that the HYC has informed him that the HYC has informed him that the HYC has informed him that leaders to help for them.
Students can also choose to drop out at the end of each year, through many opportunities to leave and enter.
He distributed food items as part of bringing closer ties between the two countries.
According to a petition submitted to the DC of EJHD, the AJYWO has strongly complained against the issuance of Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) by the same Nepali to his people from EJHD. for the needs of his people in many areas.
Aibiangmame Nongneng, who came on as a substitute in the second half, played well and headed the ball passed by the captain of the team. Rangdajied scored the first goal of the match after Aibiangmame scored the first goal of the match.
Shillong: One of the leading soldiers in the fight against Covid-19 has lost his life in Meghalaya. in this case.
"“What is the law by which man can understand God and his fellowman? This law that leads man to make a covenant with God in this world is religion.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 5,332 and the death toll has risen to 1,0
They also have the same powers as the Lokayukta under Section
On this occasion, the school also handed over a Memorandum to the MLA to assist as much as possible for the needs of the school. the school.
In fact, the Government and the KHADC need to work together to meet and discuss with the border residents on this issue because it is a very difficult issue which has not been resolved for 50 years. However, if the Government authorities, KHADC, Border Village Authorities, Border Villagers work together, perhaps by mutual understanding, this issue can be resolved because when taking any decision, it should be for the benefit of the State and to the paid citizens of the state”.
Recently, Bah Pala praised the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Kam Pohing Department, who has admitted that the High Level has been accused of involvement in the illegal trafficking of illegal drugs. dewiong in the state, there is no more.
Shillong, Naitung 24: To improve the environment in East Khasi Hills, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the city will hold a tree planting program on 30th November and on this day alone, up to 7,00,700 trees will be planted. typical tree roots.
You can write articles on print media or videos on social media.
When asked, Sangma said the Education Recruitment Board will take care of the posts related to the education department.
The new cases are from Patna-AIIMS, Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH), Sri Krishna Medical College, Muzaffarpur, Jawahar Lal Nehru Medical College and Hospital, Bhagalpur and Anugrah Narayan Magadh Medical College & Hospital, Gaya.
Bakshi said there are 2300 MHIS-IV benefits which is more than in previous years and the government will have to spend about Rs 100 crore per annum for this. the scheme.
They plant about 4 seeds per acre and get about 5 months of seeds.
So the question arose – Who among us can eat byrni? They all answered that no man can eat the byrni, except the cow.
A few days later, HANM not only staged a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi, but also sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, said that the incident has now been brought under control.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah (IAS) on Friday issued the order of the Meghalaya High Court on 16th November In June 2023, they directed the Government to take measures to reduce the congestion on the roads in these parts of Shillong.
“We want to emphasize that the Inner Line Permit should not stop anyone from entering, staying and passing through the state but should only be to know the entry and exit of foreigners,” said Bah Thomas.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP, said, “As of now, I am pleased that the government has taken action and this shows that there is a responsibility on this. The state will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the independence of the state. It will be something that we have not yet been able to resolve the border between the state and Assam which are in the midst of a border dispute.
:In a raid conducted on 18th July 2024, BSF Meghalaya seized more than 17,000 kilos of sugar from the Meghalaya border which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Many pedestrians have expressed their pleasure to walk and stand when there are no street vendors who sit crowded to block the road and disturb the people.
Recalling that KHNAM has been demanding a revision of the Act since 2015, Adelbert said that there was a time when the CEM promised to gather the three ADCs in the state. They talked about this issue but there was a delay because some of them didn't come.
I don't have any money.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The protest demand for the Inner Line Permit (ILP) by the political parties in the state has been announced from 17th November with a morning office blockade and road blockade. nights until the 19th, while the curfew will be on the 20th of November.
To the surprise of the police, they recovered 72 Simcards which had been smuggled to the suspects without the need to verify the name of the person who took the Simcard.
She thanked all those who attended the celebration.
Besides the HNLC, various other rebel groups in the region have called for a curfew including the United Liberation Front of Asom (Independent) in Assam, the National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) in Tripura, the National Democratic The Front of Boroland (Songbijit faction) in Assam, the Kamatapur Liberation Organization (KLO) of Assam and North Bengal and seven parties in Manipur under the banner of the Coordination Committee (CorCom).
Since the time of the East India Company until now, the women of the tribe have married foreigners and many of them have followed their husbands.
Because since he took over the Home Department, the police, there are no more high level illegal coal miners,” said Pala.
How can this be, when the Dorbar Ri Khaiñ has already appointed a Chairman, Secretary and members of the Dorbar Khaiñ to look after the lands and other customs within it, said Bah IP Sohphoh.
Nongstoiñ: The 1st and Super Division titles of the Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA) tournament will be held today at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng.
Among the older women, Bitiris Marbaniang came first, followed by Starina Jasain and Snora Rani who finished in less than 10 hours.
Police have already registered a case and will conduct investigation to find out who was involved in the smuggling of the drugs.
The Bible tells us that the Jews were taken captive to Babylon in three parts, first in 597 BCE, second in 587 BCE, and third in 582 BCE, completing the exile and uniting the Kingdom. Judah and the whole of Palestine to the Babylonian Empire.
“We expect that the issuance of licenses will not be delayed for these four miners.
Shillong: U President of India, Ram Nath Kovind today arrived at the North Eastern Hill University to be the chief guest at the XXVI Convention Programme. Speaking on the occasion, the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, said that 76% of those who passed the examination. He said that everywhere he went to honor the youth in the universities he found that the women were more successful than the men.
Speaking at the meetings, u Bah Metbah said that this is the time for the people to turn to the ethnic parties especially if they want the State to get development. that the people are angry.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), Bah Finley L. Pariat. from the sports associations to provide information in advance.
“We need leaders who can truly protect the country and the people of Khun Hynniewtrep.
Shillong: Two husband and wife were injured in a fire when one of them tried to light the stove.
This is done by eating low-calorie foods to reduce the amount of fat in the insulin-producing cells.
The inspection was conducted after receiving the Public Information Act and also after a complaint from the residents of the village. and the work is still only about shiphew per cent.
In Maharashtra, 1,230 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 23,4
Shillong, July 27: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, today said that the government has acquired almost half of the land under the Saitsohpen Sirdarship. He said that the issue was discussed at the meeting of the PDF MDCs held today.
This organization is still functioning today.
“I am pleased with the cooperation of the people to work together to restore peace and order in the state but at the same time, the government is still thinking about the situation,” he said.
“The way the TMC workers work and the entry of Congress leaders and office bearers, I think the TMC will not even reach the level that the BJP will get in Garo Hills,” he said.
Shillong, June 23: U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today lodged a complaint with the police against the creation of a Twitter account in his name.
To turn away from one's children.
Through this meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs of Byrnihat area, asked many questions to Dr.M.Mawrie, and some of the questions they asked were related to how to do when going to bury those people, who have been buried. died of COVID-19 infection
Shillong: A fire broke out in Mawlam village, Pynursla, this morning, in which a residential house was completely destroyed.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 30 : Three persons including a woman have been arrested by the Ri-Bhoi Police for escaping from a petrol station without paying money at a petrol pump at 10 mer Khanapara.
They also expressed their priorities to work in the 2-Jowai Constituency and the benefits they will bring in all aspects from improvement in education, health, economic development, khiïi the inheritance among others.
Conrad said the State Government is in talks with the Government of India on this issue and also with various groups in the State.
But if you don't know what you're doing, don't worry about the police.
Rynjah said police have arrested two persons including B Miza and Anil Basi who are suspected to be involved in the shooting of Khasi children in Bimola area and they are under investigation.
He said that the method of bringing groups to do business with the Secretariat is no longer possible because in the end those who are humiliated are the future of the Jaidbynriew and their children just for the sake of the rich.
Not only that, but the most frightening thing is that even his family members have also suffered.
Police in East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday morning seized heroin worth T.3.6 crore and arrested three suspects from Lumshnong, EJH. This is also the fourth time that drugs have been seized in the district in the past 40 days.
Other sources said that severe cold weather was expected at 1.30 pm in most parts of West Jaintia Hills today.
There are currently about 12 small and medium slasha factories.
The Managing Representative of Star Cement, Devender Bansal, said that the leaders of STEDS are working hard for the development of the area.
This is the syiar, which is imported from Brazil.
With this victory, the NPP has become the largest party in the state.
“May this year's Behdieñkhlam be a smooth one and may it fight against various diseases of this world especially in that we can fight against the Coronavirus (Covid-19) which has spread. “We believe that through this Behdieñkhlam, the people will have a spirit of unity as a small nation in the country,” said Ohibait Dkhar, President KSU-Jaintia Hills. District Unit.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, on Tuesday urged the residents of the village to come forward and vaccinate themselves against the corona virus. Not only them, but it will also protect children who have not yet been vaccinated against this disease.
The court will reconvene on July 2, 2023.
Kermiki Susngi (11 and 19) scored the two goals for Nangbah.
The village has decided to allow only 10 (shiphew) people to enter the village, including the candidate and only two vehicles to enter the village. come with the Badge.
I would like to thank the CEM, the Prime Minister for helping us to get the land, which is like a dream that I didn't expect to come true today.
The union said that it will continue to arrest more and urge the police to arrest them and not release them.
Former captain Virat Kohli joined the national cricket team on Tuesday at the Arundel Castle Cricket Club.
The search for others involved is ongoing, the report said.
Kurbah wanted to know how many times the Food and Civil Supplies Department has raided the smuggling of rice and other commodities.
Before the bad days come, the time has come for our state government to strengthen its position and also to expose its main government – ​​a government with bright colours. the bar is light and the shynrain is not painted against.
The punishment was imposed after a complaint was filed and in accordance with the implementation of the Prevention of Ragging Rules, the statement said.
The MLA of Jowai should understand that this issue belongs to him and he should find ways to complete this market to relocate all the land vendors to solve these problems of land vendors who come from all over the country. villages to sell their products.
The Seiñ Raij Mukhla which is still under the Nangbah Elaka has expressed its pride that during the tenure of Rgh, RM Garod as the Daloi of the Nangbah Elaka, it has been able to complete the rituals twice. They also hope that they will be able to complete this for the third time.
However, on the other hand, it was reported that there are only three maternity centers and it is difficult for them to accept due to lack of space.
“Earlier, the CEM laid the foundation stone for the Greater Kheroni Piped Water Supply which will be constructed at a cost of Rs.
“On the allegation that the MDA government has been corrupt by the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Chuba Ao said that the party will wait until the Lokayukta has submitted a clear report. whether or not the allegation is true.
He said that the Congress and TMC have their own foundation, but for the benefit of the nation and the state they will have to work together when they are in opposition.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Central Area (KSU) in collaboration with the KSU Smit Unit has held a public rally at Smit Market as part of the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act The Inner Line Permit (ILP) of the Government of India.
In the incident, the man allegedly killed and removed up to 200 pieces of the body of his wife.
This will be an act of discrimination against the Khasi-Pnars.
Bah J.Mairom MPS, Dy SO (Hq), Khliehriat explained how to be careful while driving on the road for road safety.
The NH-6 is an important road besides connecting the upper part of Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and Manipur, but traffic is now difficult due to the deterioration of the road.
Bah Bansiew Khongklian of Phlangshlain village was found dead from the bottom of the riat until he reached the top of the road while Bah Yomiki Kharshandi was found alive and lyngktop by the SRT. of feet from a distance of 50 meters from where the truck fell.
In this democracy, only the villager can be the Rangbah Shnong.
Nongpoh: The cause of the Lyer pollution in Byrnihat is still unknown, as no report has been received yet, said Bah S.Swer, Senior Scientist, Meghalaya State Pollution Control. Board (MSPCB), who spoke to media after a meeting convened by MLA Jirang at Byrnihat, to discuss the issue of Lyer pollution in Byrnihat, which has also received the title of the most polluted area in Lyer in the country.
East Khasi Hills, which has been worst affected by the disease in the past 10 years, has now one case, followed by East Jaintia Hills with two cases and West Khasi Hills with one case.
Many invitees or dignitaries from various churches and universities will attend this meeting.
“Not with the blood of goats and calves, but with his own blood, he entered in once for all into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption” Hebrews 9:1
When Mariang called, she threw away the seed.
This has happened only through the leadership in the knowledge of God and especially in the dignity of manners.
Since independence, India has improved the work of the IMD across India. From 1971 to 1983, it began working together to improve information dissemination. on the occurrence in nature.
“The KPSS has strongly requested the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs to restore the issues that led to the killing of Pandit of Kashmir by the insurgents. for several reasons and to reinstate the Lt.Governor so that he can end the bloodshed and accusations of government officials,” said a letter from the army officials sent to the journalists.
The final will be played on Friday between Lion Sports Youth Affairs and Efty United XI Mynso.
For more information, call
There are about 35 villages under the Behdeiñkhlam Competition of the Seiñ Raij Tuber and many colors from different villages are brought to the Biar Competition in Aitnar.
What's happening? And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman.
From time to time, the party has informed the authorities but no one has listened.
Ten minutes later, Lumparing managed to score through Chibasal Sangma.
Shillong, March 21: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the lack of rainfall this year has caused the MeECL to face more problems in the distribution of electricity in the state.
There is no need to talk about those thousands, they don't even have a chance to talk.
These should not be confused with daily or weekly ceremonies in places of worship.
To receive the results by email, students must register at www.ExamResults.
Therefore, he hopes that the people will be wise rather than just sdien, it is better to sit inside the bus.
The closing ceremony was also attended by Lower Primary School teachers from all over India at the Siri Fort Auditorium, Institutional Area, New Delhi.
There is still a lot to come, we are only in a small moment” (The Guardian, UK 18th March 2020).
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly or the Meghalaya White House.
According to a statement from the Rangbah Shnong, the reason for the opposition to the proposal of Star Cement is on the grounds that the quarry is only 200 meters away from the residential areas and will affect the wells. he does not eat or drink and also pollute the air.
He said that the thieves had robbed only the mobile while the charger and the song box were not robbed at all.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the government intends to build a residence in the name of Pa Togan Nengminja Sangma at Chisobibra.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The State Government today decided to set up Coordination Committees (CCs) in the Border Villages to ensure that there is no difference of opinion between the residents and the border villages. Border Security Force (BSF).
This is the second order issued by the State Government.
The Minister of State for Urban Affairs and Nartiang MLA Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar launched the Mahindra Bolero Pickup of the IVCS at Mynsngat village on Friday.
The incident occurred due to heavy rains which have flooded the city of Guwahati.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong after a meeting with party leaders, government officials, police and security forces, Kumar said that through this app, people can also take pictures or to report any inappropriate activities of Candidates or Parties and to send them directly through this app.
“From now on, many skilled and hardworking mystery workers will emerge and it will be of benefit to themselves and the people of the area as a whole,” said Bah Renik.
In the second leg, Rangad SC beat Shilliang Umshong SC 1-0 with a goal from Wingki Dkhar in the 31st minute. the team to win the title.
Of course, there is a benefit for the government's revenue but if many others oppose it, we have to follow the path that the people want.
Shillong, Nailar 13: From Pomlakrai to Lum Shyllong, a writer was walking on Tuesday.
Speaking to media, Aristotle Rymbai, President of the Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association, said that the purpose of the protest on this day is to shock the people of the state. The government should turn its attention to the education department of the state as not only the SSA teachers but all the teachers in the state are facing the problem.
Today's society is plagued by many kinds of evils, especially drugs and others.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Coordination Committee will enable the government to communicate and connect through the party workers and the people, especially to disseminate information on the issues and activities of the government, its objectives. for the benefit of the people besides the works that have been suspended in this state.
Furthermore, the union said that if this work does not succeed, the union will continue to monitor and will not sit idly by until it can solve the problem of the people of the area.
He said that the department has sent to find new water wells from nearby areas even if it cannot fill the water according to the need.
It would be wrong to think that if the NPP candidate is elected that they have an understanding with the BJP, that is wrong.
Pradip Kumar IPS, Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier as the chief guest, along with other members from other agencies.
Shillong: The State Government has allocated T.338 crore for the implementation of Tura Smart Town and T.79 crore for Jowai.
He said that only Mukroh village has a map and a clear boundary of the village.
“I am happy to see the support of the people and we have a strong hope that we will win more MLAs than we won in 2018,” he said. newspapers after the voting.
Shillong, July 25: A meeting between the Rangbah Shnongs of various Khasi National Dorbar Hall on Saturday has decided to leave for the Khasi National Dorbar Hall. The Autonomous District Councils of KHADC and JHADC should send a request to the Division Bench to suspend the order of the High Court which has suspended the powers and authority of Rangbah Shnong.
“We have set a target to complete the project before November this year,” said the EE, adding that all the works have almost been completed and there are only a few parts left.
“The Government stands firm to maintain peace and order in the state and once again stands firm on the grounds that it is ready to talk to the HNLC in accordance with the Constitution and the guidelines of the Ministry of Home. Affairs of the State, Governor Phagu Chauhan.
Heavy rainfall in South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night has caused roads and houses to collapse across the country especially in Ranikor. Block.
Marak was an agitator for the Garo state through his GNC party. He started his political career during the reign of former Chief Minister Captain Williamson A. Sangma.
“I express my condolences to all those who have been severely affected by the natural disasters, the TN government has donated about T.10 crore for the purpose of improvement and maintenance the damage to your state.
In a letter sent to Bah Tynsong on Tuesday (November 11, 2023), signed by the office bearers of the Union of Village Authorities of Nongthliew Area and HANM, The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has expressed concern that the State will lose the Western Bypass project just because of the high cost of land as expressed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah recently through the media.
The group also demanded the immediate arrest of those involved, as they arrested Bah GK Iangrai, one of their officers, a few days ago.
Twenty-nine teams have taken part in the tournament and on the opening day Umroh SC played against FSLC.
Today, 40 students have been confirmed positive for the disease and they are undergoing special treatment for 28 days, said the Chief Medical Officer. Officer of Gautam Buddha Nagar.
The Thai Foreign Ministry has also sent a message of condolences to the families of the victims and apologized for not being able to provide immediate protection in the incident.
The rawon is from Shnongpdeng village, a few kilometers from Dawki.
The pictures are long inside these songs.
He said that Meghalaya has also entered the railway map with the operation of the Dudhnoi-Mendipathar railway line in
(The author is the Union Minister in charge of Housing and Urban Affairs and Petroleum and Natural Gas).
The union has taken this step because many of the people living in the rural areas are still less likely to use the internet and find it difficult to get the daily newspapers.
There are also policemen who help them from behind.
Certificates were also distributed to all the blood donors for their good deeds.
A year before his death, Father Matta was in Mawlai for a prayer retreat with other Fathers.
DC sends letter to Waheh Shnongs of West Jaintia Hills urging them to follow election rules All meetings will be held in accordance with the rules laid down by the ECI and a letter sent by the DC, West Jaintia Hills to all Waheh Shnongs in the district.
Therefore, he said that it will affect the water sources especially from the development of jhum cultivation and also from the increasing water shortage.
Nongstoiñ: Lawse SC has reached the semi final of the 1st Division of the Nongstoiñ District Sports Association (NDSA) after beating the 2013 FIFA World Cup in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Lawse SC beat Nongkroh SC 2-0 by 2 goals to 0-0 and Lawse SC scored the first goal of the season. thep and u Basongdor.
These new office bearers were confirmed by the President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Miller, MLA Nongkrem, in the presence of the General Secretary, Bah Witting Mawsor, MLA Mawshynrut. Constituency, along with many strong office bearers of the party, including Shillong City President Dr. Karan Chen, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh, Bah P. Sylliang and other leaders of the Ri Bhoi District.
Prestone Tynsong said the government has taken this decision to collect the names of those who came to these two hospitals after these two hospitals were infected with the corona virus. One of them passed away on 7th July
“We are now waiting for another meeting with the Prime Minister to look at other issues that need to be addressed and what financial assistance is needed by the Government to ensure that our health facilities they will be better,” she said.
“Now we will start going to every household, every constituency especially in the rural areas, to explain this spread of false news by the Congress against the BJP,” he said.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 13 cases including 11 high risk cases, one ILI case and one screening case.
He said that it is the party congress that has brought about this chaos in the state, but it is up to the people to judge whether they will allow the party congress to continue or not. in 2018 to return to power.
Recall Anna's anti-corruption campaign that spread across India.
“It is hoped that the scheme will be completed by 31st November 2022,” said Renikton.
On this occasion, Bah Risingbor Kurkalang was awarded the U Tirot Sing Award for Arts & Literature. Dr. Delphine G. Momin received the Pa Togan Sangma Award. for Social Services and Bah Phrangki Buam received the 'U Kiang Nangbah Award' for Sports & Games. Six of them were awarded the Chief Minister's Disaster Response Medal and 21 were awarded the Meghalaya Day Excellence Awards
In addition, when we cook in aluminum containers, we can inhale lead along with our food.
“The HNYF Mawrong has written to the Rangbah Shnong of Mawrong recently that some people from this village have threatened the family by throwing stones at their house,” said Kong Kharshiing.
The Lapangap Dorbar Shnong, KSU Lapangap and Khanduli-Umshangiar Unit strongly condemn this act of violence by the Assam government.
Speaking at the signing of the MoA between the state government and NEEPCO, he said that the people of the state themselves have a special sympathy for the state and therefore NEEPCO should not move from Shillong.
The MLAs opposed to Dr Mukul Sangma have not received a reply from Sonia Gandhi whether she will change the leadership or not in the state after she said she would take a decision at their meeting earlier.
It is for this reason that Pilate, the governor at that time, said, “Do you have any servants? Please make sure that you can.
“I have raised this issue in the budget session of the State Government regarding taxation but I have not received a proper reply from the Prime Minister as there have been other MLAs who have brought up the issue. “There are those who have brought maps to the Legislative Assembly where the Prime Minister has not answered my question,” said Bah Marngar.
During the inspection in several villages in West Jaintia Hills, it was heard that the candidates from their own villages receive more votes compared to other candidates but they may be less than others. villages of other candidates.
However, there are other farmers who use this drug to harvest their crops quickly but they don't care even if there is damage to the soil and it will affect the crops of their heirs. I'm still coming.
In the Shot Put U-18yrs (Boys), Adriano Warjri of Little Star English Medium Sec School won the gold medal. Joyphuri Kurbah from Mairang Presbyterian Secondary School won the silver medal and Joyphuri Kurbah from Mairang Presbyterian Secondary School won the bronze medal.
The implementation process for the appointment of new office bearers at the BJP headquarters in Delhi is ongoing and the names of these office bearers will be announced soon before the end of this month, he said. leaders of the organization.
Gerald and Sunny Dale won the Player of the Match in the semi final of the 10-year-old category. Onside Football beat PFR Team B 10-0 and Winchester Marak won the Player of the Match. Nicky Kurkalang of PFR Soccer Camp beat St'Thomas 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Adhoc teachers in Lower Primary schools receive monthly salary of T.12,000 thousand, Upper Primary T.16,000 thousand, Secondary T.20,000 thousand, Science teachers T.22,000 thousand, Hindi teachers T.12,000, Higher Secondary teachers T. 24,000 thousand.
France's action has also set an example for other countries to send aircraft to assist and evacuate their citizens stranded in Sudan. from before the war to this time.
If you are worried about the smell and don't feel like eating because of the smell in it, you don't have to worry, there is a way.
Beloved in the Lord Jesus, let us be thoughtful and caring.
Today, 27th June 2021, the State Government has issued another notice to ban the attendance of places of worship or church services to only 25% of the population in Shillong and 50% to other places.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting at the Soil and Water Conservation Office, Mih Myntdu, Jowai today, Conrad said the government has issued strict directives to the police and others. tnat to curb the smuggling of coal.
According to the rules, MPs from small parties have only three minutes to speak, but it is up to the Lamphang who has the authority to extend the speech.
The group will also send a letter to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma regarding the department's silence on this issue.
You can see the beauty of nature even though the barben forests are no longer there.
Finally, it decided that the name of Hem Khongrymmai should be suspended until another one can be arranged and this decision was signed publicly at the meeting.
There are indeed 'Born Pastors' or Pastors whom God has chosen from the womb, there are Pastors who become good at preaching after working for many years called 'Made to be Pastors' There are also Pastors who become Pastors through unemployment called 'Forced Pastors'
Rahul will meet with District Congress Committee (DCC) office bearers and other Congress leaders at the State Convention Center on June 4, 2019 at 10 am.
The mother of the children and her son were aware of the incident but they listened without any sympathy and without any complaint against the father who committed the incident. thou shalt not be ashamed of thy children.
The delegation was led by the President of the NIA, Bah Korbar Lyngdoh Nonglait and Secretary, Bah Garry S Malngiang. Hadrian, EM in charge of the Market in the presence of EM in charge of Labor Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Paidang) and later the Hima Mylliem was visited by Minister MB Kharlukhi accompanied by the Minister Priest of Nongbsap and Minister of Pathaw.
These sources may not be worthy of investigation or may not be worthy of attention and to investigate this is in their skills. scientists and writers who have expressed their views on this subject.
Another attacker, Amedy Coulibaly, 32, was reportedly carrying two heavy weapons at the shop, east of Paris.
Kohima: The Rising People's Party (RPP) has lodged a complaint with the NHIDCL and others involved in the construction of the four lane road of the National Highway. -29, in which two persons were killed and others injured in a stone fall at New-choumoukedima on the 4th of November.
“If Gokhale had written to the NPP to contest the election, the matter might have gone the same way but he wrote to him as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state. cannot be accepted.
However, he could not give an estimate of how much the government has spent on the search for the victims.
He said that through the Saubhagya Scheme, only 1546 households have been electrified out of the 2211 households allocated due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The new houses will be built through the Revamp Distribution Sector Scheme.
Shillong: The departure of Congress members from their party has continued almost every day and this anger of the Congress members as they have always expressed that it is due to the lack of leadership.
The BJP has admitted that such tablets purchased by the government, the MTAB model XTRON Z704, can be available in the market at a low price, and there will be no difference between the tablets distributed by the government. government.
Shillong, Nailur 6: Police have arrested Banjop Kharhunai (26) on charges of stealing her vehicle.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar, 18: The residents of Mawkhyrwang area, have been waiting for years for the construction of a Sub Center which is one of the health centers near the PHC's. or CHC's to look after the diseases because so far nothing has been done or completed the construction.
To prevent dehydration, you should drink plenty of water.
Bor Diengdoh, Vice-President of the MSOA, said that the opening ceremony will be held at the First Ground of the Shillong Sports Association, Polo on the 3rd of June. the games.
This was Adam's first wife whom God created at the same time male and female.
Tiger Shroff and Hrithik Roshan's War has been released for 10 months and in the past nine days, the film has grossed more than Rs. 200 crores.
It may be recalled that there are about 12 Self Help Groups and about 60 households in this village and this Pyrkhatlang VO was established on 22nd November, 2016 with the motto, “Ban Rise and Shine Together.
Meanwhile, the Union of Tyrso Rangbah Shnongs through its President Bah A Nongpoh has strongly condemned the Assam Police for destroying the Dorbar Hall of Umru Village, Ri Bhoi District.
“We will also launch the Sanja Manda Sangma Canteens which will sell food at the price of 5 tyngka per shipliang and the food will be according to the diet of the people of the state.
When we look at the departure from one party to another, it is clear that only those employees are willing to join political parties because they benefit after the elections but the majority of the people are not. He didn't pay much attention to such meetings because he had nothing to do with it.
The Speaker of the House, Ndugai, had directed the security guards of the House not to allow anyone dressed immodestly to enter the House.
However, they are soils in which water flows well, which are called “Well drained”.
If a five-year-old child is taught to plant trees every year in these forests during the tree planting season, and children are taught not to cut down trees even if they have a knife in their hands, at the age of 15, their minds are filled with love for nature.
There have been 89 new cases in the country, bringing the total number of cases to 1,8
Lum Wahnian has set a good example to other villagers, that they too should do the same.
We can understand from this that the health and well-being of the state at that time was very poor.
Usha International, India's largest fashion company, has partnered with the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) to award the best fashion designers who have achieved their goals. completed his full training from various institutions including Bengaluru, Bhubaneswar, Bhopal, Chennai, Gandhinagar, Hyderabad, Jodhpur, Kangra, Kannur, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi, Panchkula, Patna, Raebareli and Shillong.
It is a healthy nature route through the trees and shrubs.
Through this meeting, the teachers unanimously demanded that the government should immediately release the salaries of the teachers and if the government does not believe, AMSSASTA Ri-Bhoi District has decided to support and agreed to participate in the protest organized by the Central Body on 15th November at the Secretariat to force the government to release the salaries of teachers.
He said that Shillong MP Bah Vincent Pala is a student who has been living under the care of the church in Jowai since he was a child.
Nongpoh, July 27: The Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi District has informed all vehicle owners and drivers in Ri-Bhoi District to install radium reflectors according to the Central Motor Vehicle Rules 1989 U/S , 138 and 138(4) to prevent accidents on the National Highway.
Nongpoh, Nailar 07: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today met with the leaders of the Village Employment Councils (VECs) of Jirang and Umling Block at Iewmawlong Dorbar Hall to discuss the issue of implementation of the VECs. village works and MNREGA scheme works due to the delay of the government in releasing funds to purchase materials for many years.
The NESO said that the government's action is not only an attempt to further reduce the minority but also an attempt to completely destroy the unique culture and traditions of the Twipra people.
In a question, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of PWD, said that the government has increased the budget from T.20 crore to T.27.87 crore for the construction of the Mawlai road. bypass.
If we can achieve this, I think there will be no leaders who will dare to go beyond the will of the people who have elected them.
Ranikor Nolikata Road (3.50 KM), Bridge No.1/1, Span=7.65 m (Located: Phottilik) (Chainage at 1st Km) and Bridge No.1/2, Span=7.10 m (Located; Phottilok) ( Chainage at 1st Km).
Who else will be the Prime Minister, it is not yet clear because there will be a struggle for the golden throne of the government.
The march was led by the Sordar Bah D Stiar and Secretary Bah H Warjri, who attended the march from 9 schools in the village. The police station was closed.
Meanwhile, the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat on Tuesday said that the police have lodged a complaint against the persons involved in the assault on the police during the incident. The Public Hearing will be held on Friday at Thangskai.
We all need to understand and know that the air we breathe comes from many kinds of trees as explained above, many of us human beings have been and will be wise people. We who know how to preserve the Mother Earth, in which we live and work.
Powerful water pumping machines have pumped up to 28 lakh liters of water from the coal mine on Tuesday, which started at 7 pm and continued for 11 hours. doesn't;  and this is the coal cream.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday expressed his inability to purchase land for the protection of forests in the Catchment Areas. wells of water are available.
On the other hand, the union leaders also urged the village authorities to cooperate in order to prevent foreigners from trading without proper documents.
They said that the Assam government has provided roads, electricity, a sub health centre, schools and others so it will be difficult to talk.
“Sports are part of the life of the youth and not only to play but also to shape their character and it is through sports that they can be recognized,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngoh.
She said that since the import of fish was banned, it has affected their income as the people are no longer interested in buying and the price has dropped.
“On the request to set up PHCs in Psiar and Moolber, Conrad said that these villages which fall under the areas of difference of opinion, but the government will ensure that the residents should not I'm in trouble.
This was announced at a meeting held yesterday in Nongpoh.
“The purpose of Bah PN Syiem, Bah GS Hynniewta and me was to raise the flag as a sign to show to the world that the supporters of the Congress have not raised the flag but they are still raising the flag of the Congress Party,” he said.
The Seng Samla leaders also informed that they have requested RTI since 2016 but they are still receiving information in
The incident happened at 10 pm last night, when a truck which was heading to Guwahati, collided with another truck on the road. The driver of the truck died on the spot, while the driver was injured and was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
The UDP leader said that in the past, the two ethnic parties have worked together and to revive the RDA was decided on 30th June after the end of the Assembly elections. Thawaiñ in the State.
Therefore, there are those who say that the Government of Mizoram is stronger than the Government of Meghalaya because in Mizoram the Government owns the land while in Meghalaya, it has to go through the ADCs. Mizoram to enact a Mizoram New Land Use Policy (eg Mizoram New Land Use Policy) to assist farmers or to oversee the exploitation of land resources.
In West Bengal, a woman has died in Howrah, bringing the death toll to three.
Christians taking part from home during the public mass in Sri Lanka, conducted by the Archbishop of Colombo.
Rahul Pohtam, who escaped the death penalty by the Bangladeshis, told us all about what happened to him and his friend while they were waiting for the Bangladeshis to come and steal kwai.
“The state government is considering to have its own hall where Khasi films can be screened and this hall will be run by the hall and will charge a reasonable price,” said Bah Tynsong.
Polygamy has brought trouble to many families.
Speaking to reporters, the UDP leaders said that the reason why they left the party is because they don't see the benefit of supporting the party. Nongpoh Constituency, because in the past years, it has been seen that the UDP has not been able to elect those leaders from Nongpoh Constituency.
Inrilaidor Khongtham, the only player of East Khasi Hills District, scored eight goals, followed by Ibashembha Khongsit, Makrisha Songthiang, Ideibanrishisha Kharpan and Daiijingsuk Basaiawmoit. Philakyntiewshisha Nengnong and Cynthia Mylliemumlong scored 10 goals each.
On the same day, the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, Tableland Lyngwa, IAS handed over the certificate of the Girls' Hostel to the Social Welfare Department.
Nitin Shah, director of Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd, and several officials of the transport department have been arrested on the charges. vehicle number plate.
God's people were destroyed so God sent the prophet Hosea to proclaim and warn the cause of the destruction in Israel.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 838 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 6,5
Those who do not have to sleep at home.
Ryan Giggs has lost his wife in a shooting, but this time he may lose his dog too.
Shillong, July 7: The Union Minister of State for Education, MM Pallam Raju on Tuesday said that there should be an agreement between schools and factories.
However, with his mother, who was his wife, he refused as much as possible to talk about his work, and he used to talk to Rida.
The information gathering was announced by the Chief Minister – Himanta Biswa Sarma who is also the Minister of Home Affairs.
Regarding these explanations, the Dorbar Shnong Mynkre has imposed prohibitions on selling illegal kyiad within the boundary of the village, on staying in any dark places, on committing any crime within the village and on Maham The Dorbar Shnong will punish severely according to the rules of the village and hand over to the authorities.
At this time, all the bombs stopped and thanked the Creator for protecting the country and asked to bless the people of the country.
The 24th July 2022 is a memorable day as the Meghalaya High Court has dismissed all the cases related to the income generation activities of the market vendors.
Speaking to media, Bah Yoodahunki Shylla said, “When the Dhar Company completed the construction of this road and when the JAC went to inspect, it found that the construction of the road was only 2 months later. I don't know why this road is bad.
In the third division, Madanryting beat Qualapaty 2-1
Sir Harry's grave is located inside the land now occupied by NIIT.
The four players who come in the fourth round will have the opportunity to represent the State in the 60th National Chess Championship 2023 to be held in Pune, Maharashtra from 16th to 26th July this year.
He said that the bank is a member of the Centralized Payment System, and therefore has its own IFSC. In 2019, the bank was included in the Second Schedule of the Reserve Bank. of India Act, 1934.
They should declare their support for Manjhi.
Agartala: In Tripura, 10 new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to
Shillong, Nailur 07: The President of the Meghalaya Lower Primary School Association (MGLPSCTA) Babu Birbor Riangtem on Tuesday launched an indefinite strike on the footpath opposite the Secretariat. They demanded that the government should re-employ the contract teachers whom the government has dismissed in
Shillong, Lber, 28: The North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society (NESFAS) has decided to revive the cultivation of krai in some areas of Meghalaya. villages in Khasi and Jaintia Hills in collaboration with cooperative groups.
Manjeri (Kerala), June 05 : After helping his team reach the group stage of the AFC Champions League 2023-24 by beating Jamshedpur FC in the Hero Club Playoff, the head coach of Jamshedpur FC, Mumbai City FC captain Des Buckingham said he is proud to lead not only the club but India in the biggest tournaments in Asia.
But the worship of the Lord God leads to peace of mind.
After this incident, the KJBWA strongly condemns and at the same time we have lodged an Ejahar with the Umiam Police Station, so that they can take all the necessary action and we also request the relevant authorities. that they should take action and act as soon as possible on this matter, he added.
Three for 40 bucks".
Shillong, July 10: Nathaniel O Rymbai, son of HDR Lyngdoh, owner of Marveleen Inn in Rilbong, Shillong, together with the manager of the inn, Edmund Paul Khair, have been arrested. He said that he and the management of the guest house have no knowledge of the incident which happened to the 14-year-old girl at the guest house in Rilbong.
“In response to the order issued by the High Court, the Central Government has set up a High Level Committee to investigate whether it is necessary to implement the AFSPA in Lum Garo,” said sources. The committee has also requested a copy of the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
Regarding the implementation of the Residential School, the UDP Youth Wing together with the Village Leaders of Mawtari Myrdon, including Bah Bishar Nongphlang, Rangbah Shnong, Bah BB Nongphlang, Sordar of Mawtari, said: Myrdon Elaka Sirdarship, have decided to meet with the authorities, so that the expectations of the people to send their children to school in this area will come true.
Regarding the money, the KSU said it had no information but was surprised to see it in the newspapers.
Friends: Those who are near and far turn away and betray friends to protect themselves.
Shillong, March 31 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Monday said that if the civil society groups have any suggestions regarding the unemployment issue, they should come to the negotiating table. The doors of the Secretariat are open at any time.
“They are young but they have the spirit to help.
Shillong: Shillong received 8.6mm of rainfall, 85.6mm in Sohra and 3.2mm in Umiam.
The celebration started with a rally from Pahamsyiem Square to the office of the Deputy Commissioner with the participation of students from various schools in Nongpoh area along with police carrying placards to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs. and it is necessary to ensure that young people say no to drugs.
A website called dpne.com has been launched to receive feedback on the problems of the people of this area living in Delhi.
“I had to buy uniforms and other necessities and when I took my Aadhar card to the bank, I found that I had Rs 905 crore,” said Gurucharan Vishwas, resident of Naya Tola Pastiya in Azamnagar block. .
But in the midst of these events, the Word of God says that these are only the beginning, which means that great things are ahead.
This was announced by the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, while talking to the media.
Therefore, the UDP should withdraw its support from the MDA if it wants to protect the ethnic and minority communities in the state,” said JSM President Leningstar Rymbai, who also demanded the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Speaking on Saturday, Bah Sunn said, “I am ready to take over the post of Minister if the opportunity arises because I will be better able to serve the people and the state”.
“We (KSU) will never do anything that could affect any religious group,” he added.
He said that the Bills of District Councils have to go through the District Councils Affairs Department of the State Government before going to the Governor.
He said that he sends a clear message to the Khasi MLAs who are riding in the NPP bus to get off the bus. to come is still more terrible.
The Administration of Justice Rules 1953 made by the UKJADC will be in conflict with the CrPC and CPC and which of these laws the Village Courts will have to follow,” said the Seng.
“He is a brother, he is a brother, he is a son, he is a spiritual father who is very happy,” said his sister.
COMMENTARY Many intellectuals have criticized this Act by saying that it will benefit only the companies or the rich and the government itself does not care about the poor.
Shillong: The National Kickboxing Federation (NKF) NGWAKO India has won the title at the National Kickboxing Federation (NKF) India from 26th to 29th November 2013 in Goa. The event was led by Bah Pynshai Mawrie, Trainer and accompanied by the President of the National Body, Bah Donney R. Ranee.
The state government should send an inquiry by directing the people from the Block to investigate into this incident which has violated the rights of these women.
And Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Natyanyahu are very close friends.
The words he speaks, he speaks thoughtfully, he doesn't speak anything that hurts others.
Heavy vehicles can park at Mawkatein Football Ground No. 9 and Masan Maw-U-Sam Parking No.
He urged the EE of PWD to provide the documents to send to the government, so that it can allocate funds for the construction of the road to the village.
“We want to meet the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to discuss the salary of teachers, the government's takeover of teaching jobs and others,” said the Chairman of JACATAM. Deficit schools only for those not run by religious groups.
He said that he is surprised that in the town, the light is not available for one or two days, the transformer is lost or the electricity line is damaged. and electrification of the village.
He said the MPSC has issued an announcement that the closing date will be the 31st of this month for all youths under 32 years of age to apply for the post. The card has been issued for 40 years.
The song “Mano ban iam” by the choir of the Lumshnong Presbyterian Church has encouraged the members of the Presbyterian Church who attended the 21st KJP Synod Mihngi service held at the Nangbah Presbyterian Church. It came to an end on Sunday.
The presence of CCTV cameras has helped Wahingdoh and Mawkhar.
Therefore, even young children suffer from diseases that affect the stomach.
The visit came after the residents complained about the pollution caused by the spread of bottles and plastic by vehicles that enter the area.
In the women's Under-17 category, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School beat Rymbai Govt Secondary School 1-0
After the completion of the lehniam from Mei Mawbuh, it was the next turn to climb to the altar of Sohpetbeng, where the Riew Tymmen Riew San went to the courthouse to judge. They asked the Lord God for the judgment of the Lord God, together with the elders of the land, that they too might show the signs and wonders to receive this rise once a year. mankind to receive the thanksgiving, the prayer, the supplication, the kyrpon and to the Lord God, that he may pour out the blessings from beyond him.
The program was attended by the hospital management, including MS, doctors and others.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin on Tuesday sent a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, urging him to take necessary measures. to ensure the release of 16 fishermen and 102 fishing boats arrested and seized by the Sri Lankan Navy.
The UDP MLA said it is difficult to bring about development if the state does not get a corruption free government.
The behavior of the police in Thangskai and Shillong shows that the police department in Meghalaya is too weak to contain even the slightest protest.
He also explained about the ODOP initiative of the Central Government and the victory of Shynrai Lakadong.
“On the 7th October 2023, we will form a government, and the biggest key is held by 26 people, and after the 13th we will add another one and that is Bah Deng Samlin,” he said.
The purpose of this is to provide media facilities for the people in the border areas who are currently having difficulty in accessing telephones.
The party also said that Meghalaya does not have its own IAS and IPS ranks and has to join hands with Assam even after 49 years.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : The High Court on Tuesday directed the state government to file a reply before the High Court on the smuggling and smuggling of coal in Gasuapara Garo Hills. and the dewiong came.
Speaking at the AMPSTA meeting, Khliehriat: Rupang on Saturday, Primary School Teachers under the Lama of the All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers' Association (APA) The 7th Beninal Conference of AMPSTA was held at Good Shepherd Secondary School, Ladrymbai where the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management etc, Kyrmen Shylla was the chief guest. Dkhar, SDSEO and Superintendent of Police, Vivekananda Singh Rathore.
Jefferson Kharmawphlang scored the goals for Madanryting SC in the 18th minute, Medonborlang Mawrie in the 20th minute, Kitboklang Mawrie in the 24th minute and Wanlamkupar Kharsahnoh in the 24th minute. 37 and 53 .
“We congratulate the President who has understood the plight of the people of the state,” said Bah Rani. year.
Prof. Ricky Basa gave more information about Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and also through the screening of a short film.
Regarding the candidate from Nongstoiñ, Bah D.Jyndiang said that in fact there are two candidates for the ticket including him as an ex MLA. He has already joined the Congress party and joined the BJP. He is expected to get the ticket when the party in Delhi will take its final decision in the next few days. to come.
She encouraged the youth by quoting the words of Swami Vivekananda “My trust is in the youth, the youth of today, from them will come my servants.
Regarding the number of people who said that as the days go by, more and more people have joined the NPP to support Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait, the NPP candidate.
On the other hand, the union has urged the EE not to end up with a letter or a meeting but a request that the work should go ahead and that the work should succeed because this bridge is not only The union will continue to monitor the situation but it is also the life and death of the area as a whole.
Pyrethrum grows best in cold climates and at altitudes above 4500 feet above sea level.
The election was held on 28th April
The victory in this tournament and the participation of the country in such an international tournament is a dream come true for all the players and they also have the goal to prove to the world their skills. of the country's sports teams especially the women's sports team after this victory.
The husband of the poor woman who was suspected of being murdered on the 14th of this month, Trophius Nongbri, has been arrested.
But afterwards they shall lose their lives.
The incident happened on Friday, when due to the excavation and quarrying of stones near the house, the mam suddenly fell on the roof of the house which was covered with snow. Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident.
Ma Comingone Ymbon in his speech said that he has tried to provide a comprehensive service to all the villages in the constituency to bring about development.
To further clarify the concerns of the Contractors, it was said that even the Bills of Deposit Works which have already been paid from other Agencies cannot be funded.
He said that in the last three years there have been many challenges before the Government, but there have also been cases where various political parties have had to fight against the Government.
“If they say it is a secular university but why do they say it is a Hindu university, we don't allow it.
Regarding the development works in the area, the JAC of these organizations urged the government and the implementing agency to include Borghat village which is on the border. It is understood that Borghat village will also be affected by the construction of this dam or hydropower project.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the East Khasi Hills Taxi Drivers Association, Wandonbok Jyrwa, said that this day will be a day for all the low paid employees to take part.
In Meghalaya, no one can buy foreign land because there is no Sixth Schedule to protect the villagers”.
Simlut Dhar scored the first goal for Ialong in the 57th minute.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, the Director in charge of the festival, Rittick Sharma Tamuli, said that this festival will be the first in Meghalaya. and the riew shall have sap in his clothes.
The meeting was held to discuss the issue of demanding the implementation of the Maternal and Child Health Hospital (MCH) Jowai or the 100 beds which was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Conrad Kongal Sangma in the MDA. -1 since 03rd December 2022, but until now they have not operated this hospital as it was opened.
When this bridge is completed, the road follows the right bank of the Umïam Mawpghlang.
Rev. DP Pariat, President of the Unitarian Union North East India, said that this school is also an example because in many cases it sends students to sit for the Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination. and this school is equal to sixty or sixty.
This financial support will help the groups to continue their activities and projects and promote the economic development of the state.
When asked about the absence of Dr. Mukul Sangma and the MLAs from Garo Hills, MPCC President Vincent H Pala said that the absence of Dr. Mukul Sangma and the MLAs from Garo Hills is due to the absence of the programme. because he is still busy to meet the needs of the dorbar.
Khliehriat, Lber 25: The Basin Development Unit of East Jaintia Hills District today distributed pig seeds, pig feed and necessary equipment to 15 residents of Umrasong village. who have benefited.
The officers and employees of the questhouse reportedly never met the family of the manager of the house, as they lived separately, even though they were in the same house. you field.
Ardent said the party stands firm on the ground that it is not against the Roster System, but against the Reservation Policy, which has been implemented for more than 51 years.
In a statement, the Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that the HNLC has not canceled the Saraswati Puja on the 26th. happy Republic Day.
The increase in the number of vehicles, and the congestion of the roads is also one of the causes of traffic jams in the city.
In the second division, Ryntih beat Nongkseh 5-0
It was then that the trafficking before polling day began, and the spread of this system was terrible.
After scoring two goals, Wahingdoh struggled to take the lead and after two minutes Zothanpuia Bawitlong scored the third goal in the 10th minute. .
Rogers, who grew up in Houston and has nine siblings, released his first song, That Crazy Feeling, at the age of
Other arrested persons include Vicki Mawnai, 30, of Saitsohpen Sohra, Ever Paul Mawsor, 34, of Rengmaw Shahlang, West Khasi Hills. Hills and Aloysius Syiemlieh, who is from Sohra.
Shillong, June 29: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District over the slowdown in the Internet service of Airtel in Syndai and War Jaintia.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Challam said that the Seiñraij itself on the basis of religious teachings has fought to preserve the environment from time to time. The youth of Seinraij to take responsibility by planting more trees in other places as part of the government's One Citizen -One Tree goal.
Therefore, the Union urges and invites all the Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills including East and West Jaintia Hills as well as Life Members to take the time to attend the meeting so that the purpose of the Union will be carried out smoothly.
that was her happiest and happiest time in her old age.
They urged the people who eat the tit they buy from them from time to time not to have any doubts because they sell good tit.
In the end, there will be a lot of expenses without income and MeECL and the people will be in trouble.
He is a leader who is careful and judges carefully before making a decision.
Since the tenure of DC Matsiewdor War to Isawanda Laloo, we have tried to seek the cooperation of the villages but without any results.
“The talks will start soon,” Prestone told reporters.
Speaking at the programme, the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof (Dr.) DM Thappa, urged the participants to take the message to avoid the use of plastic. plastics in everyday life.
Sohniamtra grows in many types of soils except those that are dry or dew byrtha.
He was also known as 'Mr 12A'
The fire brigade in Shillong works for only 10 hours, while in the suburbs and rural areas, the fire brigade has to work for up to 3 hours a day.
The new cases were 311 from Kamrup Metro, 190 from Cachar, 174 from Dibrugarh and 125 from Jorhat.
One can imagine how great that discussion was when the Shongknor, who is also a Khasi writer and a famous history teacher, was shocked by the opinions of the MLAs and the MLAs were not committee members. but they are wise, understanding, and intelligent.
Latiplang said that there are 6384 trading licenses of foreigners which do not exist in KHADC and this year 248 licenses have been canceled and now there are only 6136 business licenses.
“I would like to confirm that to look into this, the Government has set up the Meghalaya State Education Commission and is looking into all these issues,” he said.
Marwein said that according to the definition of the Meghalaya Forest Act, forests are income generating or productive and not to be maintained for the sake of beauty or environmental problems. He said that if we take the MFFA Act 2012, it shows that there are no forests in the state especially in Shillong.
The New York Times reports that the Indian government does not agree with the WHO's estimates. million people have died by the end of 2021, more than double the Indian government's estimate of seven million deaths. .
So far we have not been able to say how densely populated the place must have been, where it could not be considered a city.
“Through this statement, the union strongly warns the Forest Department not to force these shopkeepers here and if there is any intention to build or do anything on this place according to the needs of the department, it will have to. “It's a good idea to provide land to these shopkeepers here, otherwise we will take strong measures,” said the UHM. to immediately demolish the illegally built places of worship of other religions at Mahadev Khola as well as other illegally built places on the premises of this department.
There is no more thought for difference.
Ri-Bhoi beat Shillong Cricket Association-B by 158 runs in Zone 1 at Umbuda while East Garo Hills won by six wickets in Zone 2 at Williamnagar.
According to the new rankings released by the International Cricket Council (ICC), the captain of the Indian cricket team Rohit Sharma has now moved up to 8th position.
After this victory, Meghalaya will now travel to Anand, Gujarat, to face Arunachal Pradesh which has played its home matches at this venue this season and the match will start on on the 8th of this month.
These include Basketball, Badminton, Athletics, Boxing, Shooting, Table Tennis, Football and Judo.
The reporter asked the Minister how much money the department has allocated for the construction of roads damaged by the recent floods in Garo Hills and He did not respond to the Secretary of PWD, who said that officials from the Ministry of Home Affairs came in April last year to collect the figures. , on the damage in Garo Hills and the silence of the Minister, shows that the Government of India, has not released a single penny, to repair the roads and bridges affected by the floods. um sha Garo Hills.
But can these events and actions of man be related and stand on the truth according to the rights and aspirations of those thousands of children of this country? Or is it a means of exploitation by those who seek their own advantage to get their own desires? It's like this: America, when it sees any country with oil fields, it always says, “Oh! this country needs freedom now.
According to a senior Congress MLA, the protest was caused by the fact that fellow Congress MLAs are corrupt and have no decision.
Rajasthan turned the tide through Ragav Gupta in the 50th minute.
However, at the same time, the government will hold a ceremony to honor the teachers at the State Central Library, Soso Tham Auditorium. Dr Roytre C Laloo will be present at the meeting.
She said that she stopped the taxi and tried to steal the key, but the driver hit her with the door and she was injured.
In these days, there has been anger among the people over the mock drill of the police in Laitumkhrah and Shillong Civil Hospital.
Amen, come, Lord Jesus".
They demanded that the DSW should be dismissed if the NEHU authorities do not respond to their grievances within two months.
Earlier, Sing Mulieh was an MDC in JHADC from 1978 to
They believe that the State Government is paying attention.
NPP supporters including Portanri Pakyntein, one of the biggest supporters of Ma Lahkmen and Congress MLA from War Central Holando Lamin who joined the NPP, strongly criticized Ma Lahkmen Rymbui at the welcoming ceremony. Former MLA Riang Lenon Tariang, Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Minister of State, has been appointed as the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Minister of State.
There are also those who say that there are damage to the pipe lines by people who dig roads, cut down trees, dig stones and others and when they fall into the pipes they fall and do not take responsibility to repair.
The meeting between Commander Shangpliang and members of the HFU including General Secretary Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew and other members of the HFU was to discuss how to improve agriculture in the state. .
"Sangma also referred to the case in 2014 in Maharashtra, in which the complainant appealed against the Maharashtra government's order in the Supreme Court on the allocation of seats for a more than 50 per cent of the population.
Shillong: U Bah Hameshaniah Suiam, the winner of the Russian Championship, has returned home today.
Karnataka managed to score in 10.2 overs for the loss of six wickets.
At present, the Syama Prasad Mookerjee Tunnel is said to be the longest crematorium in India at 9.20 km and will connect Kashmir with other parts of the country.
Shillong, Naitung 30: U Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh has convened a meeting of the three Chief Executive Members (CEMs) of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to discuss the appointment of the ADC. Delimitation Commission (DC) to abolish and recreate MDC constituencies.
North Korea has moved forward with its plan to announce in recent days that the leader will travel to Russia to meet face to face with the Russian leader for a summit. North Korea has not listened to the warnings of other countries, especially the United States, which has warned it not to leave. support Russia in its invasion of Ukraine.
Das said the association has put forward three demands including protection of petrol pump workers especially in Garo Hills, payment of compensation to the members of the association, who have been shot dead since 2010 and arrest of those involved in the shooting death of Bittu and sentenced them to strict penalties.
Speaking at the meeting, Nehemaya Tyngkan, one of the leaders of the Congress party in the state, who is also one of the residents of the area, said that the attack on the brothers and sisters. “The shooting has been going on from time to time in the area, but on the morning of 22nd November, a Maruti Car 800, has been seized. 3 farmers coming from the fields.
They also mentioned the hard work of the Minister to fight for the establishment of farmers' markets across the State to increase the income of the farmers.
It was shown that there were about five men and women, who were still sympathizing with themselves, in front of their teacher.
However, some of these government offices and banks have not started working after the announcement and some of these government offices and banks have opposed, but these members of the KSU have visited the KSU. around Shillong to close down those offices and banks.
The required documents to be submitted along with the form are as follows: EPIC Card, Bank Account Details, Affidavit of acceptance and compliance with the terms and conditions of the Comprehensive Plan and Scheme. for spot e-auction” prepared in collaboration with the State Government and Coal India Ltd.
This is a clear testimony that the nation has intellectuals who are working hard to raise the language to the level it is today”.
Teachers and employers say that women are willing to go to work for nothing.
The meeting was conducted by Donald Thabah, Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie. About 150 members of the KSU, including members of LYWA, KWADA and others attended the meeting. Chairman of NESO and former President of KSU Samuel Jyrwa was also present.
The electorate of the leaders will make the final decision.
After this, Bah Shylla, Bah Herman Nongrum, Bah Khlur Singh Lyngdoh and I went around the country to talk about this issue.
The Minister of Education should take action by immediately taking the lead in the Department.
The head of the department said that the meat processing plant will cover all the meat processors in Shillong.
Police are collecting information regarding the loss of goods in the shops and finding out the cause of the incident.
Dr Mukul said they were told that they came to meet the CEM, the people, but not for the benefit of the people.
Many times those churches that do not want to glorify their own country have pointed fingers at others that they are wrong and that only their own is the best.
The festival is organized by Meghalayan Age Limited and Dak_ti Craft. The festival will be held for three days in Shillong from 19th to 21st November. one of the most beautiful places to visit on Ward's Lake.
There has been a 15 percent increase in remittances to SHGs to Rs 96 crore since 2018, which has benefited about 3.1 crore households in the state.
Some of the villages in the city are the only village in Mawlai which has really taken care of the future of the Khasi people.
The injured were taken to Woodland WK Hospital for treatment.
The commander of the village patrol said that he was summoned to appear before the village council because his friends and relatives used to ask and accuse him that the robbers were the ones who committed robbery in Manla. hunting contests thus distracted and enraged them.
Out of these 1000 teachers, only about 400 have passed the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test but many of them have not been able to pass the test because many of them are old.
Dr Mawthoh said that the MDCs from the opposition have refused to support the EC led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem without taking a decision.
Shillong: Ka Sohra, today, experienced heavy rainfall and according to the Meteorological Department, the rainfall from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm was 288.0mm.
Sixteen teams from the village took part in the tournament and on the 15th November the final match reached the football ground of Ratacherra Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
In these days, there is a survey which shows that the dropout rate of children up to Class
The selected locations for the D License Program are Shillong (two groups), Pynursla, Sohra, Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat, Nongpoh, Jowai, Khliehriat, Williamnagar and Tura.
Why? Not giving heed to deceitful spirits, and doctrines of devils.1 Timothy 4:1
It is understood that this will be a one-day session, in which the purpose is only to get the re-approval of the House on the bill, which was passed last November, but which has been delayed. not sent to the Government of India.
Obomsawin, born in New Hampshire, grew up in Quebec and as a director and filmmaker has had the opportunity to direct some of her greatest films.
Upper Primary Level by Mrs. C.Tympangmon Pohing, B.A., Headmistress, Wellington.
how do you feel?” I asked, “He...he...he,
And it is God who put us on this earth to live on it and to live on it.
Our education system teaches us only how to pray.
May God protect and care for them and comfort them even when they cannot be with their relatives and loved ones at such a time.
On the other hand, the union is deeply concerned about the suffering and the situation that happens from time to time in the villages bordering Assam.
Amendment to the Sixth Schedule: The time has come for all MDCs to discuss how to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, as there is an urgent need to improve and strengthen the Sixth Schedule Amendment. The Bill has been passed in the Rajya Sabha by the Parliament of India.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony included MCS, FB Basan, DPO and B Blah, ADC and Election Officer.
“The construction of the road from Sahsniang to Tiehwieh for the convenience of the residents on the border will start soon,” said Nujorki. The road from Khatkasla to Mowjem will be constructed under the North Eastern Council scheme and if there is no objection from any authority, this road will also be constructed for the convenience of the people.
This protest by the employees of JHADC is a sign of their regret over the non-payment of their salaries for 10 months from December, 2022 to September,
Pastor Reuben said that the Reach Shillong Ministry has two Children's Homes, four open shelters at Laitkor, Mawblei, Nongmensong and Bomfyle Road.
The Chief Operating Officer of MSRLS, Bah SF Lyngdoh, said that the existence of SHGs has opened the door for hundreds of people especially women to stand on their own feet to earn an income and fight against poverty.
God no longer commanded us to build the Temple.
Malangkona is also a large and well-developed village and has many neighboring villages including Langdongdai, Mawsmai, Nonghawei, Sildubi, Amagaon, Salpara, Malangjoypur, Siminaguri and many other neighboring villages. .
Mawsynram, July 28: The Mawsynram Division road from Weiloi to Lad Balat has become like a forest road due to its poor condition.
A copy of the manifesto of the UDP and HSPDP received by Mawphor shows that this issue is on their election agenda.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 263 new cases have been confirmed and 1968 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
He said that it is not right to look down on those who have the disease because if such people are found they will be prosecuted and can also be arrested.
The road from the road to the army camp has been badly damaged and it was seen that the road was filled with snow and even small vehicles had difficulty avoiding it. holes that were too much indeed.
The Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod Christian Endeavor on the 25th June 2022 held a training program at the Presbyterian Church Nongpoh. drugs that children should avoid.
The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said that the testing of people in East Khasi Hills District is ongoing. 14 persons from Jhalupara and 3 persons from Upper Mawprem have tested positive.
Shillong: The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) today held its fourth pistol shooting tournament at the Assam Regimental Center (ARC) with the participation of dozens of people.
The land belongs to the people and therefore there is no collection of land taxes.
Dr Kharlukhi said the party has not yet received any support from the people of Garo Hills.
IIM Shillong congratulates the 2024 graduates Kashish Sharma, Saagarika Bhasker Panyam and Sampada Dubey who are studying PGP-2023-25, IIM Shillong for their acceptance. the baibam.
This helps us to have a common vision of how to solve problems.
It is learned that the Mawheh which fell on the house, was a stone that fell from a quarry near the house. Khanapara Police Station is conducting investigation.
The funding ratio for the SAUBHAGYA scheme is 85:15 between the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya.
Chandame Sungoh, Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum, in a statement to the media, said that the DC said that there will be a meeting between the two districts on the 19th of this month. DC, SP West Karbi Anglong and leaders of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council.
He said that up to four Scooties with registration Nos. ML-05-A-2201, ML-05-R-1523, ML-10-A-3806 and ML-05-N-7 the place was burned with fire and destruction.
Before the end of the first half, Umphrup scored the fourth goal through Nangpynkhraw Kshiar in the 45th minute to make it 4-1
He said that out of the 40 fish that were sent for testing, 30 of them were found to contain formalin.
Ma Jrup Suchiang of Raliang village and husband of (L) Phroi Papang of Shangpung Khliehmushut passed away on
Besides missing a good chance, Mawlai didn't get a chance in the first half but started to strengthen in the second half.
It is indeed a different sign, with a new hope and showing the strength of the present leaders in their courage and wisdom to reach this decision with one voice.
Gunin Changmai, Head of SAI Shillong, was the chief guest in the presence of office bearers of the Meghalaya Athletics Association and others.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today responded for 3 hours, 17 minutes and 40 seconds from 5.05 pm to 8.30 pm on the budget debate in the Budget Session. the state legislature.
so beware public.
The names of the 543 MPs will be submitted to the President by the EC members headed by the Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath.
The training program was conducted by the Department of Horticulture at ICAR Complex, NEH Region, Umiam. H.Rymbai, Dr.AR Roy, N.A.Deshmukh, Pankaj Baiswar, D.M.Firake, S.R.Assumi and A.K.Jha.
Besides the popularity of this place as a tourist destination, this place also has a surprising name called Jagubura where according to the story there was an old man in the past who lived there. and to this day there is a stone that the Rabha people used to go to thank and pray for healing from their diseases. He said that they are very slow and until now there is still a health center by this man who has a special ability to predict even the diseases in the body of a person by setting up a colony.
In the first half, Ri Bhoi United won the match 2-0
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Wahingdoh Youth Association, today, held a ceremony to honor the youth of the village who have passed in various stages of their examinations.
He said that this action of the state government is only to mislead the people.
After that, Doctor Marbaniang came to the scene and found that the man had been talking to the nurses and the doctor told the man to leave the scene. He said, but immediately he turned to the doctor and looked at her.
The operator is Mr. Boney Jones Kharbani.
Mawthoh said that this feeling is not only for the UDP, but for the people of the state.
Bloodthirsty young men like him wondered how to see that child.
“It is our duty to explain to people who misunderstand about politics, because the work of governance is ordered by God.
On the same day, the Seng also demanded from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to set up food factories in the central areas of the state.
However, he said that after he had requested, Dr. Boss gave him the medicine and said that he would come back after three hours to examine him again so that if the medicine does not work within the hour, he would. to be taken directly to the hospital.
It is said that Rajendra Singh does not speak Sutnga and has no relationship with the children of the thousands in the area.
It is prohibited to move people and vehicles from one district to another (Inter-District), except those who have a car pass.
Therefore, if as a nation we continue to follow in the footsteps of our ancestors, the nation will always be free from the destruction that awaits our society and country,” said the statement.
The winners will face Ladthadlaboh in the final.
Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM Youth Wing, said that the Executive Committee has clearly stated that the Executive Committee will have to look into the matter before issuing the labor licence. They demanded that the KHADC should issue an order to immediately ban foreigners from operating taxis and to punish those who violate the law. .
In his speech, Zenith Sangma said that the people of the state have supported the BJP and the NPP and therefore, he advised the people of Garo Hills to elect Mukul Sangma as their leader. Garo Hills, in the upcoming MP elections.
We will bring back not only the land but also the dignity that has been lost," he said.
However, as it is now in Nongstoin, this is not the case and everywhere the roots of the Congress are strong.
Students shall not be forced to bring any other books or other materials except the books mentioned above.
The Deputy SP, Bah Pyrkhatlang Suchiang, received the Union Home Minister's Medal for Excellence in Investigation,
The incident happened at 3 pm, when the robbers took the vehicle to the Byrnihat area, after being seen on CCTV cameras. The vehicle passed through the Toll Gate at Pahammawlein 20mer.
Besides, the Minister urged that schools should not lose sight of their primary objective “because the existence of schools is to provide education, is to shape a good human being”.
In this world where there are all the resources to help, there will be no problem for the government not to think about strengthening the Khadar system in Garo Hills.
She also congratulated the MLCU for being the third in the North East to provide training in this field.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of KSU, HNYF, FKJGP and land owners from the CCIB. After the meeting, the President of the HNYF, Bah GH Kharshanlor, said that the CCIB stands on the same ground to oppose the erection of the signboard without first fixing the exact boundary between the Bangladesh and India.
The most important areas that the Syiem visited were the fish farm, chicken farm and parts of the Standjeep.
The AIU East Zone Inter University Chess Tournament started today and will end on 11th July 2024. The tournament was inaugurated by Dr Balendra Kumar Das, Pro Vice Chancellor of USTM. , in the presence of Dr RK Sharma, Advisor, USTM, Dr BK Das and Dr RK Sharma.
We hope that the passage of the Meghalaya State Agriculture Produce and Livestock Facilitation Bill, 2020 by the Government of the Legislative Assembly will help to address the problems of the farmers.
Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma said this while addressing the Meghalaya Farmers' Parliament held at the Convention Hall in Shillong.
Several polling stations visited by this reporter include Umsaw where thousands of people have lined up to vote, Sohiong Len where many people have lined up to vote. who stands in line.
He said that the law under Section 144 CrPC is still in force and if anyone disrupts the movement of government employees or the public they will be punished according to the law.
The VPP also condemns the police for misusing their powers against the people on 4th July 2023, during the HITO rally which also caused injuries to the people who were injured. in the presence of the police.
They told the police that the GNLa has now spread to a smaller group due to the intensity of the insurgency in Garo Hills.
In the second leg, Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC beat Lakasein SC 1-0
For those who have brought the title of victory to the state, it is an honor and encouragement to continue to do better and for those who have not, it will encourage them to work harder and harder.
If you have any questions, please call 97749-65294 or
“We expect a strong participation from all the states of the North East and even from other countries,” he said. Tourism Minister GK Reddy has announced that he will be the Chief Guest.
“I spoke to him because I was suspicious and I saw that he was holding a stem powder in his hand and I immediately informed the President of FKJGP Shillong City.
It is alleged that this has discouraged many students, who have not been able to write their examinations properly, due to this rude behavior of the Indian government officials.
Before I conclude, I would like to say that Meghalaya is joining hands with the entire country with the active participation of the people to ensure the success of the Har Ghar Tiranga Campaign which has been conducted across the state.
Svitolina has already said she will not shake hands with her Russian or Belarusian opponents after Moscow invaded Ukraine last year. .
The mock drill was conducted under the supervision of Maj. Gen.
On Friday, when the Motphran clothes vendors were allowed to remove all their belongings which were still left in the shops and stalls on the bridge, the The District Administration was led by Magistrate I.Majaw together with two Ministers of Mylliem Hima, Minister K.Langstieh in charge of the Iewduh and Minister M.Kharlukhi in charge of the pla. Mylliem Hima.
Rosetta Mary Kurbah, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has been transferred and appointed as Secretary to the Govt.
, in the presence of Rev.W.P.Lytan.
When people are mentally stressed, there are hormonal changes in the blood that can weaken the mental strength.
However, only one can be used in a dictionary.
The Behdeinkhlam of the Raij Mukhla is one of the nine Behdeinkhlam festivals in Jaintia Hills and this is the last Behdeinkhlam festival of the year. The prayers have been held in different parts of the Raij Mukhla and the rituals have come to an end on the 22nd of this month with the knia at Khlo Blai this morning followed by the choh tyndai at manla ki thliew. The Raij children stood up and followed the bamdoh knia. At 12:00 pm, they brought the Rots to a place at the Slot Masi Square and then they brought the Rots back to Aitnar to perform. Dr RC Laloo, Minister of Education, Minister of Education, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Sports, Stephan Mukhim, Parliamentary Secretary, Sports, Ma MB Rymbai was also present.
Nongpoh: A meeting between the Chiefs of Police of Meghalaya and Assam was held at Sabuda village, Ri Bhoi District today.
Shillong, Nailur 23: AITC Vice President and Rangsakona MLA Zenith Sangma has demanded that the Meghalaya government should clarify the allegations of corruption in the MeECL.
The song is composed by Iasiad Mylliem Umlong and the makeup artist is Ilabynta Lyngdoh. The song is produced by Skhem Khatsati and the assistant director is Testerwell Nongrum.
Shillong, Nailar 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today acknowledged that the number of crimes in the state has decreased significantly in recent days due to the hard work of the police.
The KSU strongly condemns the pollution of the Lukha River and strongly condemns the Ministry of Environment, Forest which has been listening to the death of thousands of fish in the Lukha River since The MSPCB department, which has been silent, has not done its job and has not investigated the truth from the source.
Also follow the instructions to wash hands with soap and water.
In order to enter the polling stations, the DEO informed that only those who have ID cards will be allowed.
Heavy clashes broke out between the security forces and armed men in Kwakta and Terakhongsangbi areas of Bishnupur district and in Mualngat, Gothol and Pholjang areas of Churachandpur district. .
Regarding the BJP, it is considered to be an anti-Christian party and the BJP candidates will win elections not in the name of the party but through their personal activities as candidates. their knowledge.
Another issue of the Khasi Prime Minister is not appropriate because Meghalaya is not only a state for the Khasi-Jaintia but also for the Garo.
“Don't touch the places of worship because it will affect the religion, we are united Sikhs, Hindus and Christians living in Them Metor and we will fight to protect our homes and places of worship” said Gurjit Singh in a statement.
After six years of driving, Kong Joycy wanted to turn her passion for driving into a source of income and she didn't think of trying to work in other jobs.
These Bangladeshis came to India to steal stone from the Jadukota River.
“Most of these households belong to the Seng Longkmie of the Police Reserve.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that he has not yet announced that he will contest from the Congress party, but the voice of the people is that he will contest again from the Congress party. The Congress party has proposed to give the ticket and the final decision is on the candidate. Whether he will contest or not has not yet been announced. The Congress party has approved him as the candidate for the 2023 election from Umroi Constituency.
All women regardless of their status, whether they are pregnant women, housewives, widows and working women, can get the ID WE Card so that they can They are eligible for this scheme.
The heavy rains have caused flooding in the Myntang River and damaged crops including soh, pai, jhur, jhep and other crops.
“We are still talking and we will listen to the orders of the party leaders,” said Bah Dkhar.
The divine image has been destroyed by a philosophy that emphasizes that humans and nature must perish, suffer and die for the sake of development.
The protest was held to express their dissatisfaction with the government's ignoring of the demands of the union to increase the deficit of all 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya. whole.
Shillong, Nailur 30 : The wife of BJP Vice President Bernard Marak, Tura MDC, has applied for bail from the High Court for her husband's immediate release.
The BJP leaders believe that the CAB is very important, as its importance is the same as the abolition of Article
I cannot trust the UDP party, because the leaders are only interested in their own interests and not for the issues of the people.
Mr. Holliwell Khongstid from the NPP.
Many residents have been able to walk on this road which they may never have expected before.
You can drink this throughout the day continuously and refill if needed.
At the meeting held at Thangsning, dozens of leaders from all over Mawkynrew area attended the meeting and decided to contest against Bah Kansing Lynshiang from the Congress Party. The Congress has not given the MDC ticket to this young man who won the last MDC election.
Every day the work started at 9 am at the sound of the gong and the workers were allowed 10 hours in the morning to eat.
He said that he has been authorized by the Dolloi to continue as Acting Waheh Shnong for the needs of the residents especially those who need documents. village books do not work in different offices and this is wrong.
However, in ancient times, any nation that was enslaved referred to the power of those gods.
Banisha finished by saying, “I'll tell my mother first,” and she put down the phone.
Publicity Secretary- Provide Rabon
The silence of the Prime Minister against those who insult Christians and other minorities is surprising.
He said that the NPP-led Meghalaya government is the government that has destroyed the state. “When I go abroad, I am sorry that people talk about illegal coal mining but Conrad said there is no illegal mining of coal but a truck carrying coal near his house in Sawmer turned over tomorrow. Hills, Conrad said, “There is no illegal mining of coal, but on November 13, 2018, 15 coal miners were trapped inside the crematorium. The government has been fined up to T.100 crore, who will pay this is my money and yours, foreigners say this oh they say it is the state that has been fined T.100 crore. 100 crore in court,” said Himalaya.
Fortunately, David Scott had left Nongkhlaw and gone to Sohra the day before the incident. these are the rangers.
Speaking as the chief guest, Abhilasah Banarwal, congratulated all the sportsmen from different schools and encouraged them to work hard to improve in the field of sports, to He said that sports will help the children to be organized and have the spirit of struggle to reach the goal. This year's sports meet, Up to 23 schools from the district have participated in various sports events including 60 meter race, 4X100 meter relay, Discus Throw, Javelin Throw, Shot Put, High Jump and Long Jump is divided into three categories, namely those under 14 years, those under 16 years and those under 18 years for men and women.
Because if you win, you don't believe the people because you know that you don't use the money to win.
The Meghalaya government has extended the internet curfew for another 48 hours to curb the spread of news that could affect the peace and order in seven districts of the state.
If this happens, these people in our state who are afraid only of the police stick will be happy and will be able to do whatever they want when there are no more police to harass them.
It is learned that Bah Shylla is happy that Bah PN Syiem has lost his seat because he is no longer happy regarding the introduction of the MDC scheme as it was before when he was in office. He was appointed to the EC of Bah PN Syiem.
They alleged that after the inspection of the Sordar, the people who claimed to be the owners of the land have started working with machinery in the area.
The Prime Minister promised to deal with such incidents and said, “I request the members to send the information.
It can be said that even among the villages in War Jaintia, the traditional food of the Nongtalang may differ from that of Padu, Satpator or Amwi.
In the Men's and Women's Categories, Mohit Joshi and Elsarica Umdor won.
From Borjhar to Jirang, Meghalaya has been affected.
She said that according to Rule 30 of the AD Rule, the matter can be discussed in the House.
“After receiving information that the Board of Directors (BoD) of MTDC will hold a meeting today, we have come together with our members with placards to express our opposition if anything happens. “The MTDC has taken no decision to extend the term of office of the CGM, Puranjan Das,” said the General Secretary of the party, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
Born in Khedka, Haryana, the actress lost her son and husband before she turned 30 years old.
On the other hand, Dr.RM Lathong urged the public, parents and children not to eat tits because there are tits which are bih which can cause injury to people if they eat them. bam to them.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Unit, after receiving a complaint from the residents regarding the deterioration of the Rymphum Myntang Laskeiñ Bridge which passes through the Barato WJHD, has deteriorated and posed a serious threat to the passengers.
Referring to Bah Adelbert Nongrum Sitting MLA who has recently resigned to join the VPP, he cannot say that he is the MLA of this term (2018-2023) and has his own vote-bank. .
Shillong, Nailur 21 : The 3rd Mawkynrew Cup 2022-23 has now progressed from Zone 1 to Zone
Shillong: The State Government has imposed a curfew in the entire East Khasi Hills District to prevent the spread of Covid-1 They go outside but some of the people are stingy and fight against this order of the Government.
Awards were also distributed to Ri-Bhoi, East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills districts by the NHM, Meghalaya for their hard work in finding ways and means to reduce the number of TB cases. The prize includes a trophy and a cash prize of T.50,0
We hope that the enactment of Section 144 CrPC from 11:30 pm will curb the violence of the youths who are still bloodthirsty and who are still violent without thinking of the consequences.
Of course, the SSA is happy that the IL League will come here but in relation to the 14th.
“There is no way for the UDP because it has not reached anywhere, while the Congress party is the worst party in corruption,” Santosh told reporters.
Khliehriat Lber 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District today held a special screening camp at Jaintia Eastern College Khliehriat West. The program was funded by the State Resource Center, Shillong. The program was funded by the State Resource Center, Shillong.
Therefore, all the brothers and sisters are invited to take this announcement as an information to you, to attend this meeting of our brothers and sisters Kongwang, Lymba, Syngkrem, Tongper, said the statement. Mr. Dimis Lymba, Chairman, Steering Committee and Mr. Dapbor Syngkrem, Secretary, Steering Committee.
Regarding the support to the youth, the party said that it will also focus on recognizing the talented sportsmen in the state by providing sports equipment from the construction of stadiums, training, to find donors and promote sponsorships.
Jowai: Twelve persons involved in trafficking and illegal activities including a retired police officer, West Jaintia Hills Police Station, today said.
Our state Meghalaya is blessed with a rich natural resources with beautiful mountains, small and large rivers, rocks, rivers, valleys, view points. to see around especially in the clear sky, the crematoria, the 'lawkyntang' and many other beautiful places.
At the same time, he said that they will soon start various projects for Shillong West including the beautification of the entrance to the constituency at Kyrbom which has been allocated at a cost of Rs. 2.5 crore.
Speaking on the occasion, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal said that the untimely strike of those who passed the DSC is not right.
Furthermore, to promote tourism and to ensure that the youth of the area should get jobs from this industry.
Chasing the target set by India, New Zealand were bowled out for 327 runs in 48.5 overs.
As the seats will also be on the hillsides, those who attend the service are encouraged to bring clean clothes so that it will be easier for them to sit.
“This announcement by the Seng that the distribution of foodgrains in our villages without any other distribution of foodgrains has made us as the village leaders to be suspected by the villagers, because there is not a single villager who This is according to a statement sent by Ma Sumarhok Passah, Waheh Shnong of Khonshnong and Ma C Tangliang, Waheh Shnong of Iooksi.
Beware of being deceived and misled.
The reason is because God said – For thy servants have taken pleasure in her stones, and have had compassion on her land.
“In order to implement the funds and schemes properly, we need to ensure that farmers should receive clear information about these programs and that they should also take advantage of these programs by setting up cooperatives. Societies, SHGs and Producer Groups,” he said.
We decide to stand up and demand.
Wisdom Solomon 2:23 tells us that God, who created mankind in His own image, also purposed that mankind should live forever and never die.
Shillong: The Special Cell Police of East Khasi Hills, have arrested three robbers of a group of kidnappers of jhur truck drivers, to rob money without any problem from jhur traders.
He also alleged that the announcement signed by PK Datta, Special Secretary to the Urban Development Department, is illegal.
“At present, there is only one truck carrying medicines to deliver to all districts in the state,” said Bah Hek. provide more vehicles for the distribution of medicines throughout the state.
but now they are as though they had despised the wicked.
However, even the traffic jam will increase.
This lack of attention of the department has prompted the EJHD police to curb the spread of crime in the district.
The Longkmie said that the Lama of the HSPDP has supported the Defender Sutnga candidate of the HSPDP in Sutnga Saipung.
Because if the election cannot be arranged before the election, the work will remain suspended because after the election has been announced, no decision has been taken and therefore it is not known whether the government will come to power after the election. This work shall be left in the middle of the road.
Now let’s look at that period of 1335 days.
There have been 13 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam today.
By doing this, the food that should go to the flowers goes to the leaves.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Both the matches of the Meghalaya Cricket Association's U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament on Thursday have been postponed due to bad weather.
Not only has it frightened those in the area but it has also frightened the Christian community in the state because it has spread to the state by the laws of the central government.
Meghalaya Police in a statement said that all seven members of Shillong Markaz are still in UP and Lucknow.
HYC Ri-Bhoi District led by Samla Tony Shylla as Secretary and Samla Nicky Nongsiej Secretary Nongpoh Circle visited the NTS Complex today. They found that it was difficult to enter the building especially in the parking lot and the top floor which was filled with bottles of kyiad. go outside to the doors and windows of the building.
He said that if we don't support through various schemes of the country, it is necessary that if we want to have a strategy to promote development in the country without leaving anyone behind, we need to worry about it. for 200 million people in the country.
Such people cannot implement their own decisions.
The length of this road is only 4 kilometers.
For the vendors of kwai, tympew and ktung, the market will be held at the Mawlong Hat parking lot. that of rep.
This means that in the second half the match between the two teams was a draw.
The problem faced by the hospitals under this scheme is due to the delay in payment of the money they should have received through the government's finance department.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the allegation that the present government has not paid the bills of the contractors is wrong. in the form of running bills to contractors.
According to a statement from the BSF, these items were seized by the BSF of 04 Bn from Pyrdiwah village after they seized two vehicles carrying these illegal items. .
Musk also suggested that previous US lawmakers should have passed a law that would have an age limit for those who want to run for president, as there is an age limit. those who have started to contest for the post of President.
US President Donald Trump and his wife, Melania Trump, have tested positive for the coronavirus.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 36, RBD: 3, SWGH: 1, WJH: 3 and WKH:
Nangkiew took the lead in the first half with the first goal in the ninth minute through Felix Lalruatsanga.
(v) SS Majaw: Thomas Jones and the World.
““5.
They are still in critical condition and have been admitted to Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong, while the mother Indalis Kharsyntiew and her 2-year-old daughter Ibaphylla Kharsyntiew have recovered. treatment.
The members of the House Committee include HSPDP MDC Leader Teilinia Thangkhiew, UDP MDC Leader Teinwell Dkhar, KHNAM Leader Adelbert Nongrum and V.G. A lawyer has been appointed as a member of the committee to assist in the investigation.
He said the government has also decided that the employees will receive a monthly allowance of T.800 for degree, 600 diploma, 500 for class-XII graduates and so far there are more than 40,000 registered employees. in the state.
The KSU said that it has distributed this foodgrain as part of its support to the residents of Ladrymbai who have been forced to leave the dam to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
The match will be played between Sawmer SC and Shillong Lajong FC at 3:15 pm at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
On the first day of the tournament, there will be six matches in the U-17 boys' category.
Police said that during the search of the vehicle, they found 84 kilograms of heroin hidden inside the vehicle.
The president of the association urged the Meghalaya government to contribute to the Wushu competition so that the players of the state can move forward.
Long live VPP, I pray for Bah Ardent to win the election.
The meeting was held at the Additional Secretariat, Shillong.
My visit to Lumshnong today is not to support or oppose Star Cement but I have come here to ask the Government especially whether you are implementing these things and whether you are investigating or not. These companies when they have finished their work they will leave.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Nongstoiñ Circle will hold a meeting at Mawlangdep Square on the 15th of this month to explain the issues before the polling day. come.
Spider man met with the Pope today during his meeting with the people at the San Damaso Courtyard in the Vatican.
Bikram D Marak in his speech congratulated the office bearers of the WJBA for organizing this tournament to promote the talents of the youth and expressed his happiness to take part in this tournament.
The club has invited participants from the State and abroad to take part in this competition which will open the door for them to take part in competitions abroad.
There are many complaints against me, but we should not be afraid.
The letter was sent in the name of Ajay Khanna, Secretary, IMA (Uttarakhand) by the party's lawyer Neeraj Pandey. There are more than 2,000 doctors in the state.
It is time for us to get a new government from a new political party because we have lost our hope and confidence after our experiences with political parties in the past.
The NPP has won nine constituencies in Mizoram out of 60 constituencies.
When asked whether the government has set a target to complete this task before the MLA election 2023, he said, “I cannot say that now and it will be until after the meeting of the two Regional Committees from Assam. “As I said, the ball has started to roll, so let's wait and see but the desire is before the election. MLA. However, I don't want to promise again now because maybe we have to go to the border 3 to 4 times, so I can't say but the desire is that if the election happens, it will be very pleasant,” he said. the Prime Minister's Secretary.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Meghalaya government has said that the people especially government employees should not be afraid of the blockade of the office of the HNLC as the government has provided security forces.
Replying to the reasons why the state government has turned to the generation of electricity from water and not from the sun as other states in the country have started turning, Prestone said that the reason is He said that at the meeting of the Ministers of Electricity of the States in the country convened by the Minister of Electricity. The Central Government in Udaipur has also suggested that Meghalaya should focus on the generation of electricity from water and not from the sun.
At the time of writing, police have not yet identified the suspects.
“We have failed for 41 years, how much longer will we continue to fail,” said Bah Nongrum and added that this is the time to stand up to implement the demands of the people.
“We will meet tomorrow with the BJP, I will not enter alone, I have held a meeting with the supporters and leaders,” said Bah Antonio.
God is willing to forgive those who humble themselves, but He will not listen to those who are proud.
“I don't see any benefit in terms of the statements by the ethnic parties against the NPP,” said Bah Sutnga.
For Mowkaiaw, Ardakirang Rymbai scored 62 runs off 86 balls and Grateful Lyngkhoi 22 runs off 27 balls.
Animal lovers around the world are acting to raise awareness of the needs of these animals and protect it from extinction.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Congress party in Arunachal Pradesh has lost its form with the departure of its MLAs, which has shocked the leaders in the state.
In the evening, at 5 pm, the workers returned to their homes while the officers inspected the work done that day.
He said that the duplicate of the Pata was received at a cost of T.5 lakh while the original was in the hands of Minister Kedri Kharpan. 80 lakh if ​​you want to get the original.
For this purpose, the Traffic Police Department has announced that no vehicles will be allowed to travel from the 20th to the 21st of this month from 7 pm in Motphran area.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that the NHAI has already sent the DPR to the Central Government and the Central Government will release it by T .70 crore for the cleaning of the National Highway from Puriang to East Jaintia Hills District.
Besides these sculptures of various animals and traditional musical instruments, Bah Gilbil Syngkli has also tried to raise fish at home and spend his time in agriculture.
The KSU and the War Jaintia Waheh Shnong Union of Jowai have issued a quit notice to the opposing villages to come to Jowai. will not cooperate with the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills until the garbage is removed from Jowai.
You have decided to relocate these employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to the SMB premises, abroad.
The Governor of Assam, Gulab Chand Kataria, who is also the Visitor of Assam Don Bosco University, distributed the awards to the winners in the presence of the Chancellor of Assam Don Bosco University, Fr. Vice Chancellor of the University, Fr. (Dr) Jose Palely and others.
However, justice still reigns among the inhabitants of these places and because of their hard work, they do not suffer.
The SP of WKHD, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that after the incident, the residents of the area have conducted a thorough investigation to track down the people involved in the robbery. The residents of the village, after receiving a tip, arrested the three robbers and handed them over to the police in Langpih.
Moscow: A Russian Sukhoi-34 fighter jet has accidentally dropped a bomb in Belgorod, about 40 kilometers from the Ukrainian border, killing several civilians. several buildings and also injured three people.
The story in the District Council has not ended there, but another reason has emerged, which is because the HSPDP has not counted Grace, who has resigned from the party, and has demanded that she be reinstated. The EM has replaced Grace with another MDc , and it was then that Bah Adelbert decided to remove Grace from the post of EM to form the EC , but soon on the same day, Grace was ready to send her resignation letter as a member of ARPA and it was then that Bah Adelbert as CEM turned back from his decision and u Another decision was taken to appoint Grace as EM and one of the EMs of KHNAM will have to resign.
In this regard, the DC has been requested to send an inspection immediately to see the facts, said the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat Bah KK Tangsong. Shillong, Jymmang 11: There has been a lot of talk these days about Bah HS Shylla, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), who may be one of the candidates for the mid-term MDC elections. KHADC is the largest constituency in the country.
The tournament is All India and will be held day & night.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah FC has reached the semi final of the L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The deceased was identified as Marriaba Khonglah (14) at 11:35 pm at NEIGRIHMS, said the Waheh Shnong Golden Gashnga.
Nongpoh: Several vehicles in Ri Bhoi District, which were passing through Nongpoh, today were arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police, after they found that these vehicles were passing through the road. , without any permission to walk on the road, especially during such times of heavy traffic jam, without permission.
Proces said that the division of constituencies is not necessary and the Executive Committee of KHUDA should not eat too much.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Laban SC 6-0 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League (SPL) on Saturday.
Expressing her reluctance to comment, Ampareen said that as a candidate she will propose her own issues which have nothing to do with money because she came out to serve the people, not to talk, not to talk. to criticize anyone even if there are those who are critical because they did not vote during the elections.
This clearly shows their own character.
On that day, the BRO covered the name of Kimin, Arunachal Pradesh, with a white paper and later, they will take it back when Rajnath Singh leaves.
Traditional dances from various Seiñ Raij departments were also performed.
He said that in the past, if a Minister or any leader did something wrong, he would be ashamed and decided to resign, but in this age, if he does something wrong, he will do it.
“We have spoken to the Regional Manager of the Brahmaputra Board who has said that we are still waiting for the allocation.
Meanwhile, UDP candidate Mosklandar Marngar was accompanied by Metbah Lyngdoh MLA, Dr. Donkupar Roy and others. I don't want to contest elections just to get salary or scheme or pension but to share the burden of the constituency as a whole”.
They also have a special role in providing children with moral education in addition to education and knowledge.
Rajasthan : The total number of voters in the state has reached 5,26,80,5
He said the NPP is committed to serve the people through its Election Manifesto and Vision Document for the year 2023-2 fulfill them.
Patna: Prominent BJP leader in Bihar, who is also a member of the Bihar Legislative Council, Dilip Kumar, on Tuesday alleged that more than 17 senior officials of the Nagaland government were involved in the incident. investigation by the Enforcement Directorate (ED).
The union said that it will continue to investigate the condition of the water and will meet with the officials of the water supply department until the problem of the people is resolved soon.
Adelbert Nongrum said that the Council will attend the meeting which the MR has called at 2 pm at the Secretariat to discuss the issue of the Chief Executive Members. On the other hand, the CEM urged all the Rangbah Shnongs and Chief Executive Members who will attend the meeting to stand together in one voice to speak out on the Village Administration Bill.
The MMDR Act, 1957 applies to all Schedule Areas of the State.
The Sein Raij Muthlong requests all those who come to this Shasd Sukra to be knowledgeable Briew Tip Blei, not to do anything that does not belong to the society, and if anyone is found guilty of this. Shad Sukra will be punished according to the law.
This insect walks in groups and does its destructive work at night, quickly damaging the young seedlings, and during the day it hides underground.
Throughout the day, it was seen that the festival was very successful, as almost all the villages in the Raid came to participate, by showcasing their characteristics. traditions, that is, from the song, the dance, the dance, the mastieh and other customs practiced by the ancients.
Speaking to media, Susan Syiem said that the time given to the government to listen to their demands has expired and it is on this basis that the JAC of Teachers Deficit has already implemented the first phase of their strike, from the 10th to the 12th of this month, by stopping to teach school, but even after this strike, the government has not. dang germ.
It's time to sleep.
In this regard, the JHADC has received many complaints.
“Halbert, I've got your brother.
“After 10 years, when Thei's salary is paid, I will build a better house and room.
Justice BD Agarwal, Chairman of the NGT Committee, was also present at the meeting held at Sylvan House, PCCF office in Lower Lachumiere, Shillong. this coal mining incident which led to the death.
The Ladthadlaboh Market Fete will be held on the 5th and 6th November and the Lucky Draw will be held on the 6th November.
Rev JJM Nichols Roy was born on 12th July 1884 in Shella.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced the list of 15 cricketers for the BCCI U-23 Men's tournament. State A Trophy.
He said that they will soon raise the issue at the meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance.
“The No Entry ban on NEEPCO road leading to Laitumkhrah Police Point announced according to the office memo dated 2nd June 2024 has been lifted immediately after it was found to be sufficient,” he said. SP Bournvita, which is suitable for children, has been banned from being sold on the list of Health Drinks in Amalrem due to the high sugar content which can cause harm to the health of children.
Regarding the detection of formalin in fish, the Minister said that the testing of fish has been conducted in all the fish markets and no complaints have been found for the detection of formalin.
When raising a question on the construction of the road from Chokpot to Daramgre, Marak wanted to know whether the city is maintaining it or not and the minister said that the government is maintaining it.
As it is a long investigation report, we need more time and we will let you know what comes out of this report,” Conrad told reporters.
Tura MDC from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Bernard Marak, on Tuesday said that only 15 members are not enough to form the Executive Committee of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. to be 17 people.
This has increased the value of the Legislative Assembly.
This church in Nongjri is called St. Mary of the Angels Parish.
Police sources said that Shiva Thapa was found dead in a forest area in Salaroh.
Once again, we congratulate you, Bah SK Sunn, MLA Mawphlang, for your good deeds as a patriotic leader.
The SIT will be headed by the Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem.
“Until now we have been called as Assamese and we have come to speak now because we want them to drop us back into the Raid Nongtung,” said Sohtun.
The Khasi States have the right under the IOA & AA to a special status under Article 370 A of the Constitution of India.
God will no longer speak in many ways.
On this occasion, gifts were distributed to the founders, the first students, the first teacher Kong Theiris Sumer and especially to Ma Wenly Pohshna as the leader of the members of SMC. The history of Newhill LP School, Ratacherra, began when Newhill had only a few households with eight elders who were the first residents of the village.
Therefore, on the same day, it was learned that the sailors who went to the coast of Egypt in their small boats on that day and caught the fish in the net they carried to catch They arrested and tied to death the fish which they believed to be the only fish that swallowed the Russian.
He said that they will soon seek candidates by selecting those candidates who have the hope of winning.
VPP President Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit said that although the Voice of People Party (VPP) has only four MLAs, it will fight against corruption by not eating themselves and others. He said this at the VPP registration meeting held at Mawkyrwat Dorbar Hall.
In addition, research and other modern studies will be allowed.
Prestone said that after the implementation of the GST, the government has not collected the license fee from the Tim shops.
In order to promote and encourage the youth in various sports, he urged that schools should have Games Teachers.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) MLA James PK Sangma on Tuesday said that the party leaders will take a decision in due course on the allocation of tickets to all the MLAs. They have not yet decided and he does not know whether he will get a ticket from the party to contest the 2023 election.
The death of Bah Moris was learned after the Rangbah Shnong lodged a complaint regarding the disappearance of Bah Moris from the village.
He said that in other states, villages with Panchayati Raj have benefited from the government in that they can get offices of village officials and others for the convenience of the people. He said that the government has now recognized that the village authorities will soon come up with various schemes to benefit the village.
Meanwhile, the Rangbah Shnong of Kreitmawshaton, Marbisu, Bah JP Sunn, said that the construction of the two roads has damaged the water wells, the village roads have been destroyed and the government has not improved them. to this day.
He said that now they cannot even carry the meat but they have to keep it in a specially built place.
The three-day tournament will be divided into three categories, Under-14, Under-16 and Under-18 for men and women.
On the other hand, Bah Disparsing Rani said that he will soon investigate where and how the department has spent more than Rs 9 crore for the 3000 doctors. in Shillong.
The Minister said that once the residents set a goal in front of them, they will not turn back.
In a meeting today, the union demanded that the office should conduct an independent inquiry without bias to find out the truth.
Therefore, the doctors had to admit her to the hospital for further examination.
It is to be recalled that in June this year, the Wah Umtrew which passed through Byrnihat village, suddenly turned bih and in this turning of the river, it caused the death of many people. thousands of fish in the river.
The figures show that Meghalaya has a low income in the years 2013-2
If so, perhaps it is better that there should not be such a rynsan which does not benefit us the people.
A local taxi and six mobile phones were seized by the police.
The second option is for the District Councils in the State to enact legislation on the management of cities.
He said that the addition of Vinod Sharma to the party will strengthen the working methods of its followers.
Meanwhile, General Secretary Alfonsebirth said that the HFU is working with the farmers to improve their agriculture.
D.Nongpluh from the War North Unit gave a speech.
Speaking to media, Bah Donkupar Sumer said that he is grateful that his supporters still have the confidence in him to allow him to contest once again. He also accused the incumbent MLA Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong of not doing anything in the last 4 years, and he will not do anything because he has already bought the people at a price. 2018.
Many discussions have now arisen whether the resignation of those 7 MDCs is due to fear of being removed from the post of MLA or whether they are willing to do two jobs like some MDCs. who says that? Many discussions have arisen whether these 7 candidates have resigned after seeing the victory of Bah Pynshngaiñ alone.
These Cell Broadcast Alert Systems are part of the technology that enables us to send emergency messages in a timely manner in the event of natural disasters and other disasters to all mobile phones within those areas, whether they receive messages from residents or visitors.
" during a press conference in Goa after the SCO Foreign Minister's Meeting.
Speaking to Rupang, Ms Bada said in a soft and encouraging voice that she feels like she will fall asleep to see that as the days go by, the party is increasingly divided and that too for unfounded reasons. Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the president of the party, has been arrested.
“For these, we need a strong and understanding government, and to bring about that strong government that works together and listens to the people is only the NPP,” he said.
This pollution of the environment by human activities shows that the mind of man is still polluted, there is no understanding, no concern for others but only for themselves.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday ruled that there is no doubt that the power of the illegal coal mafia and coal mining factories in the state is strong and strong. lut in every bag.
This will allow the exploiters to do whatever they want to increase the price of these products and if so, it will affect not only the buyers but also the farmers.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Unit has donated 30 tins to the villages of Mihmyntdu, Mookymphad and Ladthadlaboh so that the residents and visitors can dispose of their garbage.
The people of Maharashtra have given us the opportunity to lead the government, but the Shiv Sena, which is contesting elections with us, has rejected the will of the people.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India has issued new rules to various parts of the country and there are also many restrictions in areas outside the areas where there are many cases.
The country's football team has last played in the tournament against Vietnam since November last year.
Leading, Before Good Friday, I had a strong stirring in my soul in which I wanted to do something for Good Friday and I wanted to write something about it. and Good Friday and to spread this message through social media to the youth as well as to the parents.
According to police investigation, the Nigerians left Logo, Nigeria on the 6th and flew to Istanbul, Turkey on the 7th and then flew to Bangladesh, Dhaka. on the 8th.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93557 and out of these 91831 have recovered.
Shillong: Cyclone Fani, has hit parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia, on Saturday, with rainfall of 126.8 millimetres, according to the Meteorological Department. Meteorological Department, located in Upper Shillong.
Shillong, November 13: Thousands of Warjri members have attended the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri at Thynroit on the 12th of this month.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Wailadmiki Shylla said that the scheme does not exist but the VECs do not implement it because most of them prefer to implement the footpaths and also the roads among others.
However, Jon did not suffer any serious injuries and his physical condition was stable after receiving treatment at that time.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Chnong Ladthadlaboh will hold another fete market and has already released the lucky draw tickets. The MDC of Jowai North, Ma Brightstar Chyrmang has released the tickets. haka on the 6th of November
India currently has 35 Robotic Surgeries in different cities and none in Meghalaya and we expect it to accept it,” he said.
This is part of the encouragement to the journalists who have been involved in providing information on sports activities and to promote the talented youth in the field of sports. various sports within the District.
The height of the Umiam Hydro Electric Power Station Stage-1 has reached 3205.75 feet so far.
She said that because the state police, under the supervision of the state government, are unable or unwilling to curb these illegal activities or to implement the orders of the Supreme Court although it is their duty. , it is felt that the police are not needed to investigate the illegal smuggling of coal.
I believe there are many things that don't happen.
The Director-General of BSF congratulated the troops of the BSF who brought about the victory and announced a cash reward for their work.
Therefore, this new issue will also be included in the Manifesto of the Seng for this election.
From a hiding place, he saw Pahsyntiew, and immediately, her beauty, struck him deeply.
Many Christians go to church but do not worship God.
Security forces rushed to the scene after the incident, but the camp was completely destroyed, government sources said.
Other Opposition Leaders including Opposition Leader and Congress MLA Ronie V Lyngdoh and AITC Leader Charles Pyngrope were not seen.
It is time for the experts who have accurate knowledge to share accurate information through the media and awareness programmes.
As the moderator of the meeting, Dr. Shiboleth Khonglah, one of the sons of Prof.Sten, recalled the hard work of his father by working as a ngaptem from 4 pm every day until he got up. I have already written several articles or book chapters.
The incident occurred when they went astray and when they reached Jatah, the people stopped them and after they tried to drive the vehicle, it did not leave. At this time, the crowd bombed them and in this incident Bah Macmilan died.
I am pleased with the article written by Bah Purningstar Shabong followed by Bah P Sohkhlet. -two years) of his death.
Bad Khynnah HSSLC and all the family members look at this para 3 you don't steal.
The Seng Khasi (Kmie) and the Seng Khasi branches under the Hima Mawsynram would like to inform that they have nothing to do with anything and have denied any involvement in the incidents as reported in the media. said Mr. Tariang.
, T.20,000 T.10,000 for the winner, second and third place winners.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Senggamchi N Sangma took seven wickets to help East Garo Hills District Cricket Association (EACC) win the group stage of the U-19 tournament. Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament against South Garo Hills DCA on Tuesday. However, one match had to be canceled due to heavy rain.
Speeches were delivered by the son of Bah HDR, Bah Nathaniel Osbert Rymmai, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah and others.
The Lok Sabha on Tuesday approved amendments to the laws relating to drivers and the industry to impose fines on those who violate the driving laws. the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Bill
In South Garo Hills, there is no health worker.
Maldivians and Sri Lankans have staged a protest near the President's residence today demanding the expulsion of Gotabaya Rajapaksa from the Maldives.
St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong has announced the results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on Tuesday, 9th June. 2023 in Science Stream and Commerce Stream at this time.
After the Christmas song, there was also a Christmas Cake cutting ceremony by Mr. Ransom as part of the Advance Christmas celebration.
“There are rules that apply to Ryngkew, Basa and Matpatkor where Mawpat is the brother and Mawtawar is the sister.
After the party office bearers submitted the petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Ardent, while speaking at the meeting, said that the party will prepare for the final decision. of that 48 hours and if the government does not want to release the letter to stop the layoffs, the union will have to prepare for protests.
Punjab Kings captain Shikhar Dhawan is in fourth place with 49 fifties and Kohli now has 45 fifties and five wickets. spah rum lettuce.
However, these three persons have received information from reliable sources that they have been accused of being smugglers and therefore, the police have started searching for them for arrest.
The death toll from coronavirus has risen to 2 a month ago and more than 10 today.
Bah Lyngdoh also questioned how the department has been too slow to release the money, which in fact should have been only 5 percent of the total allocation for the project.
Nongstoiñ: Two coal trucks have been set on fire by robbers on Thursday night.
On the other hand, KHNAM through its Vice President, Bah Thomas Passah, said that there has been a report that the residents will escape the power outage only if it rains. Umïam has become a dew lyngnong, and this news has disappointed the people, and shows and proves that the previous Governments and this Government including all the MLAs, have not had that. foresight and there is no preparation when it comes to this issue.
Shillong, Naitung 24: As part of the cooperation between the people and the police, the Dorbar Shnong of Lachumier today donated five knives to the police, as a sign of encouragement to them. can serve better in terms of traffic management in Shillong.
The Assam Rifles, led by the Inspector General Assam Rifles (East), seized four bags containing foreign cigarettes, 124 boxes of beer, 7 boxes of wine and Six boxes of whiskey worth T.10.12 lakh were seized from Zokhawthar-Melbu Road in Champhai district on Saturday.
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “As of now, a lot of work has progressed and the committees have done a lot of their home work and discussions. They have also held even though it is not yet an official talks and I hope that the first talks will be held this month.
It is learned that the father had taken his son to get medicine from Mawngap-Marbisu area, but in the middle of the road, he boarded a Sumo and it was on this road, between Mawngap and Ladmawreng, that There were about 3.4 people who came up to sit in the Sumo and it was there that they were attacked and after the incident, they were thrown into the Sumo. place near the bridge.
The decision is to urge the Central Government not to implement the CAB in Meghalaya and especially in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
DoNER Minister, Dr Jitendra Singh, who was also present on the occasion, said that the department has allocated T.1000 crore for the garment industry and other related activities for the village. East.
The statement from the 6 Shnongs said that it has nothing to repay to all the Sengbhalang and Dorbar Shnongs who came to support it, but it will pray to God to receive His blessings and understanding. “It is a statement sent by Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary,” said Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary. 6 Village Association.
Earlier, as a sign of respect for the hero of Jaintia Hills, flowers were laid at the statue of Kiang Nangbah on Mooliksoo Hill.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has been closing down the NHAI Toll Plaza in Lumshnong for many months but the Government and the NHAI are still doing nothing. , silently and without thinking ei ei ei ei of the problems of the people.
The Assam government has imposed a 14-day curfew on the city. from 28th July 2020 in Guwahati or Kamrup Metro District.
He said that the claim by former CEM Bah Pynshngaiñ that the allocation of the money to the Council is due to the delay of the MDCs in issuing the Utilization Certificates (UC) is wrong. the MDCs have spent all the money they received.
The order from the DC's office also clarifies that beauty parlours, cyber cafes, gaming parlours, cinema halls and lottery counters are not allowed to open.
Samla Bisharlang Pyngrope is also a teacher who has received the Bharat Shiksha Ratan Award 2014, District Teacher's Award 2015 from the Ministry of Education, Government of Nagaland, Indira Gandhi Priyadarshini Award 2015, Best Indian Educationist. Award 2016 and State Level Teacher's Award 2016 from the Department of Education, Government of Nagaland.
