Babu Kular Khongjirem said that KJDSTA wants to remind the Meghalaya government about the salaries of teachers including deficit, arrear and DA's.
The UDP means the tree of the nation, you should have supported the VPP candidate but you are throwing the stars of the country.
Everyone always wants that more efficient transition.
Even after the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong has opened the door to peace talks with the Karbi, and the efforts of the two district authorities of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong to bring peace between the Pnar and Karbi communities, have not come to fruition. tea.
In the provision of loans to small enterprises or MSMEs and other self-employed, 20 percent has been given back to those who used to borrow from banks.
Election to election we have to work hard and not sting,” said Hek.
D.doctor court.
On the other hand, the village authorities and the family members of the village authorities, after completing the investigation, today buried these 3 children with dignity. from day for.
“It is a larger area which can also build a 100 bed hospital along with other facilities,” he said in reply to a question by North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum during Question Hour.
Shilong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War today said that there are 67 cases of COVID-19 in the state. There have been 2,367 cases of COVID-19 in the state.
“We will discuss this issue at the party meeting.
The union said that the schools which intend to participate in this tournament should only be within the boundary of East Khasi Hills and urged them to contact the office bearers of the union and the The deadline will be on the 29th of this month.
“Bah HM Shangpliang is a man who has promoted the Congress, but such behavior by the leaders has led him to leave the party and this is a great loss for the party. “I am part of the Congress party,” he said.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has ordered a temporary suspension of the slaughter and consumption of pork in Lamin and to the neighboring villages in Amlarem Sub Division.
When the counting of votes is completed, it will be clear which political party has the most MLAs. The people are now waiting to see which party will form the new government, and if it is the The synrop government, the party that will lead the Government.
Ma Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, resident of Jowai, has sent a letter to the Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) urging the Council to pass laws to protect the Kurs and Jaits as per the Sixth Schedule. Schedule) of the Constitution.
On the other hand, the civil society groups have urged the government to complete the hearing as soon as possible and to get the report as soon as possible.
Shri. Heibormi Talang (Junior) and
He said that during the discussion, the company said that the price they will pay will be according to the market price. which is not with the kit.
Following the incident at Mukroh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma has alleged that the Assam Police and Forest Guards have entered the border of Meghalaya and opened fire illegally. .
The Government has worked hard as much as it can to bring about development for the people.
Haman was rich (perhaps he would say a rich grape), now Haman was humiliated, and Mordecai was honored again.
Speaking to reporters, Pynshngaiñ said that he is still a member of the Congress party and he has no objection to the Congress party. He said that in KHADC it is a coalition government and in the coalition government all the parties have to be involved and not just go according to the wishes of the Congress party.
Also present were Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, leaders of the Mahila Trinamool Congress Meghalaya and others.
The High Court said that even after 15 months of issuance of the orders, there has been no change and that the illegal coal trade has spread to Assam.
The Forum would also like to express its support for the demands of the civil society organizations but at the same time as a group in charge of promoting tourism and other tourism related activities, She urged everyone to refrain from any fighting that causes instability in the state as it affects the tourism industry especially in the rural areas.
It was also during the years that Mother Anne became Principal that the most important buildings of the College were erected.
Cyclone Fani, struck Puri, Odisha at 8 am this morning and caused heavy rainfall, followed by strong winds. , it is up to 175 kilometers per hour.
And if governments would take action in this way then maybe those border issues could be overcome.
Ruprekha, one of the oldest schools in the state, was established in 1964 and has been running from Lower Primary to Secondary. from Government subsidies.
Shillong, July 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has accused the Congress of protesting against the introduction of 500 and 1000 notes as a political ploy as the elections are approaching.
Shillong: U BJP MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Saturday inspected the development works and schemes implemented in his constituency, worth Rs 7.51 crore.
There were no advisors to the residents on how to implement to attract more tourists from all over the world, for the benefit of the government and the residents.
To fall in this category as good parents it is necessary to be close and understanding on the feelings of children, children already have closeness with parents even if they have closeness with others Whether it is with family members or outsiders, the closeness of children is more important in the midst of difficulties.
Let us see what this expression “Kieieoie” means.
Sniawbhalang said the government has allocated funds to only five factories and these are Marda Industries Pvt.
“We believe that you all know that there are more than 1000 laws passed since the birth of India, which are waiting to protect us if we don't understand how to protect ourselves with strong laws and if the rights of “We don't have anything clear in the Constitution of India,” said Bah Kharshiing.
Revelation 6:12-1
The Tata Sumo was seized by the Phramer Traffic Cell.
Jonathan McDowell, one of the astronauts, followed the crash and said Long March 5b's rocket was nine times heavier than the Space X Falcon
The number of children under 11 years of age increased by 0.14 percent on 23rd November and by 0.28 percent on 10th November.
Meanwhile, the Fish KIOSK Shallang aims to produce and sell clean, fresh and tasty traditional fish produced by the villagers.
He said that in the past, there have been many challenges faced by the government such as the Ichamti incident, CAB, Them motor, the Covid-19 pandemic and the government has fought hard to resolve these issues. Blessings to the people of the state.
Shillong, March 07: U Samla Kitbok Thyrniang has staged a hunger strike against the allegation that the promise of the Father on the teaching job at St' Mary's Rangblang has not been implemented.
He said that even those who used to oppose the UDP in the last elections have now decided to give their full support to the party candidate.
Jowai, June 25: The children of the Seiñ Raij Ialong today came together to witness the 'Noh Sakyriat' held at the Seiñ Raij Square, which is a sign of celebration before the children of the Seiñ Raij. thousands shall begin to sow the fields and to sow the wheat.
Although many Congress MDCs were absent, Sohiong MDC and Transport Minister HDR Lyngdoh rushed from Delhi to attend the meeting.
Other recipients of the award include SS Syiem, Editor of Peitngor, Tilak Rai, Editor of Oh Meghalaya, MS Syiemlieh of Mawphor, Lambok Thabah, Editor of Nongsain Hima, Gershome. Hat, Peitngor Reporter, K Nongsiej of Dongmusa, Sanjib Bhattacharjee, Shillong Times Photo Journalist, Walton Jyrwa, UB Photos, Sanath Chakraborty of Grassroot Options, Raymond Kharmujai of UNI, Rajoo Sharma of TNT, Oshini Das of Shillong Times and a special prize went to Markus Lyngdoh of T7
Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes confirmed that the death of the pigs was due to African Swine Fever (ASF) and the report was received recently.
He said that from time to time the people who cause trouble on the border are Nepalis. “Who are these people, who gave them the authority, they are not only Indians, the government should show “If you don't do anything in these days, you will have to think of something else,” said Lambok Marngar President KSU. Lambok said that in 2010 there were 4 KSU members. The Khasi who died in Langpih but the government has shown concern only for that moment but has not taken any action.
He said that according to Boston Marak's wife, Boston Marak called her from another number and said that they wanted to come to Shillong.
“In particular, the current KSU leaders should not allow the politics of the students to be influenced by unfounded politicians.
In recent years, she has won many international competitions including a gold medal at the Commonwealth Senior Championship 2019 and a silver medal at the same event in 2021, but her biggest international victory is on the night of 30th November when she won the silver medal in the 55 kg category at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
“This famous Declaration of Human Rights affirms that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and freedoms without discrimination. “On this day, we call upon all the residents of the village to strengthen and resolve to stand together and protect the Human Rights, to support especially those persons who are still struggling for justice and at the same time to strongly condemn those persons or groups who violate and undermine the status of Human Rights “We pay special tribute especially to the courage and bravery of the private sector, volunteers, volunteers,” said Bah Dino DG.Dympep, Chairman, MPHRC. civil society organizations who come forward without fear or shame to speak out and advocate on issues affecting the rights of the people in this state, whether through advocacy or through peaceful and peaceful protests" “We give our full support to the residents of Mukroh who have demanded justice especially for those people who have been seriously injured and tortured,” said the MPHRC. Human rights violations in the hands of the Assam Police.
At the same time, he said the state government has already released all the funds to pay salaries for all schools until November
We should not misunderstand that the Sixth Schedule speaks of the powers of district councils and Article 371 speaks of the special powers of the state.
“Therefore, the MLA of Mawthadraishan constituency urged the youth to take part in various sports activities as it is not only a sports activities, but it has become a source of employment for them in the future. .
Up to 240 students from each school in East Jaintia Hills District have applied for the Star Merit Scholarship Award 2022-2
The meeting was chaired by Balen Thubru and many decisions were taken regarding the welfare of truck owners and drivers.
The marathon will be held in the open category for men and women and will start at 6:30 pm.
How happy it is to see them, how they live in the midst of the sky.
He recalled that even the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has already visited the area.
He said the ECC has advised the Government not to allow coal mining factories to open within the boundary of Sutnga Elaka in the coming years.
He said that the compensation has not been discussed yet because until now how many people have been trapped inside the crematorium, some say there are 13, 15 and 17 people. to their bodies.
Other speakers included former NPP Leader Marshal Diengdoh, Congress Leader Madonna Langstieh and they also asked for the support of the people to win the election. Bah Metbah because they too see this leader as a leader who sees far ahead for the future of the people.
Wanteiskhem Kurbah scored 2 goals (27min), Suklang Baino scored 2 goals (52min & 63min).
The village is bordered by Upper Nongdubir, Nongdubir, Lum Mawblei, Porla Nongtrai, Porshken, Mawsmai, Mawkhar, Hawei, Agreng, Poriu, Jasyllar, Madanjira, Mallang Sildubi and Mallang Siminaguri.
“The words used in this newspaper have been painful to hear and there is no rain of victory until the leader of more than 120 crore Catholics has been slandered without truth and foundation. around the world, including about 700,000 believers from the Khasi-Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Loniak.
EJTODA has extended its helping hand as a sign of support to fellow drivers who are in need and especially in times of crisis.
The media has faced many challenges and now it has increased in the past 43 years of independence.
However, to walk all around the village will take many hours as there is no road to jam and walk through the raieh raidam.
They said that after meeting with the MLA of Raliang Constituency, Bah Comingone Ymbon, he said that he will take action to speak on this issue. Whether the MLA in the government has taken such a decision for the recruitment, the MLA told the party that he has not yet taken anything.
"If the Government of India is delayed in taking action, it shows that the Government of India is not pushing for the welfare of the people of the North East and the people of Manipur but is focusing only on the resources," he said. “This is a warning to the Government of India if they want to alienate the people of the North East from India, it is in the hands of the Government of India, they should do it now, or the time can be delayed.
Hiram wanted to buy a new mobile phone.
Referring to the Common University Entrance Test (CUET), he said it is very important because if students want to continue their studies, they have to pass the test.
A complaint was registered at Lumshnong Police Station and police also seized a Maruti 800 car used by them along with four mobile phones.
More than 100 residents of the village and others, including the elderly, men and women and children, have received free treatment through this programme. great for the people of the area.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the HSPDP, Bah Witting Mawsor, who is also the MLA of Mawshynrut constituency, said that the decision was taken at the CEC meeting of the HSPDP held today.
These leaders were confirmed by the RBYF Women's Wing Byrnihat Circle at a meeting held on Saturday at Byrnihat in the presence of the Political Secretary of the RBYF Women's Wing, Bah RJ Thangkhiew. RBYF Byrnihat Circle President Vigyan Kharkongngor and other members of the RBYF Byrnihat Circle.
He said that the delay in releasing the report shows that the state government is protecting those policemen who shot and killed two people including Kong D Siangshai and Bah S Phawa.
(ii) the Candidate shall not be elected to sell ration and shall not be allowed to sell it at the price of 4 tyngka per kilo.
Shillong: The PDF has honored two MLAs from Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and MLA from Sohra Constituency, Bah Gavin Mylliem. through the Ryndia and the moments.
“Bah Marbaniang said that after the Single Bench appointed the teachers, the government has appealed again to the Double Bench in 2023 and here too the court has appointed the teachers again.
Thousands of people of the area in the presence of Rangbah TM Syiem, Syiem Khynnah of Mylliem Hima, came to witness and listen to the explanation on the ILP from Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA, Adelbert Nongrum, MDC and Hamlet Dohling, former General Secretary of KSU In his speech, Ardent said that the demand or protest for ILP should not be a protest only by the Sengbhalang or the people's leaders but by the protesters. it shall belong to the whole nation.
On the same day, the College also launched a souvenir for the first time by Ma Lakmen Rymbui and other dignitaries and teachers.
He said that at present, NEHU does not send its students to the competitions, due to the lack of attention of the authorities.
The priests, the Levites, and the scribes offered many sacrifices, performed all the rituals according to the law of Moses, but their hearts had no relationship with God.
The ambulance had to stop the attempt to save the life of this poor woman just because the rawons had tried to win the Mahindra Thar, a prize that is more precious than a human life.
“We urge the government not to delay this Bill.
Out of the 12 candidates who passed the Gram Sevak examination, only two candidates have been appointed so far.
The meeting will be attended by NFNS Joint Secretary Stalin from Karbi Anglong and Co Chairman Nickman Marak from Garoland to discuss how to prepare to convey to the Government of India the objectives of the group. there is.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday announced that any fishing competitions within the Council's boundary will have to obtain permits.
Shillong Lajong, after returning to the I-League, have strengthened their position in the fourth position with 19 points from their last games under the leadership of Bobby Nongbet is the manager.
Michael Siangshai scored the first goal for Moolamanoh in the 79th minute.
In parts of Shillong, heavy rainfall will continue tomorrow.
The CBI has sent its report on the allegation of theft of marks by the MPSC on Tuesday. The CBI has ordered an investigation into the incident after it was found that the MPS has not been appointed by the MPSC.
However, I cannot fail to point out the uniqueness of the State that we see at this time.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the BJP has not done its homework in the state. ' which they have released for the election in the State clearly shows their foreignness.
After about a few hours of fervent prayer, the girl came to her senses and the demon came out of her.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Nongtwah Nongkdait, Bah I.Langte and the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongnah Area, Bah SRngaid.
These services bring about a full, hassle-free operation and further strengthen Tata Motors' ability to provide services to its customers.
The final will be played on Sunday.
There are currently two political parties in the state, one is the HNLC and the other is the GNLA. The HNLC has expressed its readiness to talk to the Government if The Indian government has decided to set up a peace talks with the party.
The filing of nominations will end on the 8th of this month and it is hoped that within these three days, there will be many young people who have learned to contest the MDC election, said the chairman.
The chief of staff in Madagascar has demanded the postponement of next month's elections after months of opposition protests. .
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Ranikor Circle has demanded that the government should order the AMD to fill up the uranium mines in the West. Khasi Hills and said that it has launched an investigation to find out the cause of the discoloration but the union said it strongly suspects that it may be due to the presence of uranium mines.
The Publicity Secretary of Shipara, Bah SN Lyngdoh in a statement said that the tournament will start in November.
Many sports events such as football, tug of war, relay, long jump, sack race, 200 & 100 meter race and others were held on this day.
Police have stopped the rally of STDCM at Lamphel Super Market, Imphal and at Wangoi, Imphal West district.
In its original sense, it refers to the activities relating to the administration of a country or territory that has its own authority in politics, trade and other matters. parts.
The Svamitva Scheme Recently I woke up to learn about the scheme of the Central Government, whose name I don't understand, the 'SVAMITVA', which appeared in the newspapers on January ,12 days).
The election of Rangbah Shnong in the village was held through Secret Ballot.
The mother of the youth, Drak Phawa, said that Riki Phawa used to work by following trucks and driving trucks and had been leaving home for months. For six months he did not come home.
At present, the Bill is still in the hands of the District Council Affairs (DCA) Department of the State Government.
In the second innings, NGH scored the most runs through extras which included 105 wides.
Walking by any person or vehicle in public places within 5 kilometers of this boundary from 6.00 pm to 5 pm.
On how he feels about the MDC election, Bah Ronnie said he has not decided yet because it will be up to the people.
The KSU will shed its blood to strengthen the peace in the country.
The KSU, reminds the government, that after its meeting with the Sengbhalang leaders on 19th November 2017, it left the meeting, where the government has decided to suspend the The union has suspended all plans to hold a protest despite the arrest of 32 members of the union.
Mukul said that those who are entitled to receive should know more about the scheme, the government is preparing more and more new amendments as well as explanations and awareness campaigns especially to the rural people.
The night fell on them and they fell asleep.
The KSU said that if the private sector or contractors have the authority to import foreigners without proper documents, the KSU will take another path. .
God gave the Ten Commandments through Moses.
In terms of fishing, it is essential to have skilled fishermen so that they can catch fish.
A group of nurses led by President Melchior H Riang today met with Principal Secretary Health Y Tsering to inquire about the progress of their demands.
The accident occurred when a truck (WB 41 G 6998) was heading to Silchar, but when it reached ICAR, it collided with a truck. of a truck on NL 01 AE
"I've been sitting in the shop all day long, as if they've been telling me many stories..." Panah said. "Long, you've destroyed your house in the market.
After the opening ceremony, the invitees were taken around the 21 acre site.
He said that NEHU has delayed in announcing the resolution for eight months and this has affected them as they are not allowed to take the bar examination which is held twice a year.
The KSU also opposed the implementation of the allocation by the Central Government, which is not fair, as there is no allocation for the Scheduled Tribes. but only for General and Other Backward Classes.
Shillong, March 11: The Deputy Commissioner (cum Chairman) of the District Legal Services Authority, Jowai today announced that the office of the District Legal Services Authority, Jowai in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Legal The Lok Court, Shillong will hold the 9th Public Court at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai on the 25th of November from 10 am.
In the midst of the difficulties, but for the sake of the students, the Managing Committee together with the teachers, we have taken the responsibility to build a well-equipped building, just to start school and take classes. “It's a great opportunity for the students to attend this school,” said Bah K.Muktieh.
Parents, children, grandparents, grandparents, relatives, relatives, brothers and sisters, in the middle of the lyngwiar dpei gather their children and have the golden opportunity to talk to each other. to sneng to craw them.
It will also make you healthy and improve your mental health.
Earlier, speaking on the occasion, Bah Carmel said that the Executive Committee's decision to pass the Bill without following the rules and regulations is a threat to the people of Laitkroh and the people of Laitkroh. felt that it did not make sense for him to remain in the council when the people were despised.
New Delhi: A government school teacher in Jind has allegedly sent documents claiming to be a poor woman to the district administration to avoid going on election duty.
As you can see every day in the morning, these streets are filled with garbage that has been broken inside them. field.
He said the goal of the MCA is that athletes should come from the state, both men and women, so that they can appear on the national and international stage.
It is to be recalled that these 25 residents of Malchapara were taken to Langdongdai by the Hima Nonglang to provide temporary shelter to them as they had been hiding in the forest for 13 days to escape arrest. Assam police have been arrested on charges of involvement in the incident on 4th October in Malchapara.
The NIA team also includes the Deputy Inspector General and Superintendents of Police.
The new price has been set by the government,” said MTTA General Secretary Diganta Nath.
How to prevent this disease? One of the best remedies to prevent the spread of COVID-19 is to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. the Government side as well.
He said the state government has directed the Central Government to launch the NRC in Manipur and also to set up a population commission.
Shillong: Workers of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in East Garo Hills today left the party after the announcement of tickets for the MP elections. and Tura Constituency.
Do you know what happened ? Let us ask God for forgiveness for not keeping the Fiftieth year holy.
On the occasion, Meghalaya Governor Phagu Chauhan and Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma have sent statements to all Muslims and said, “The celebration of Id-ul-Zuha is which is essential for a society where different races live and live together.
A UD case has been registered at Pynursla Police Station.
During this season, people have started to prepare rwiang khwai and tynsong to go down to the waters to khwai and catch fish in large or small rivers.
Lawmali Pyllun SC opened the scoring through Banganson Nongphlang in the 7th minute.
Jowai, March 29: The Women's Welfare Organization (Sein Raij) Jowai today held a program to honor the students of the children of Niamtrai who have achieved success in their studies from grade P. The meeting was conducted by Dathrang I Passah and Salanda-O Langdoh. The meeting was attended by Bandarisha Lyndem, Chief Engineer PHE. Antonio Lakiang, Deputy Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, Hercules Toi, Chairperson WWO-Seiñraij Jowai, Wandalan Dkhar, Chairperson WWO-Seiñraij Jowai, Ridaka Lamar, Vice-Chairperson WWO-Seiñraij Jowai, Riew Elders, Longkmie and young children.
But it seems that it is wrong to have good leaders.
Earlier, the union had arranged to hold meetings in different districts to invite and explain to the people that they will leave on the 30th of March.
On education, the Governor said the government has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Asian Development Bank (ADB) to renovate schools and train teachers to improve education in the state.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Monday said that the introduction of the goods train will be of great benefit to the farmers and farmers. resident of the State.
After the Public Hearing, Bah Dkhar complained that such an act is not written in the Sixth Schedule of the Act, as it is illegal.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its opposition to the withdrawal of fees for Scheduled Tribe and Scheduled Caste students at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS).
The same person who wanted to overthrow the Village Authority in Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia by making laws through the State by passing through the 6th Scheduled, now speaks of the 6th Scheduled in Garo Hills.
When asked whether the Raid Shabong has tried to talk to the state government on this issue, Bah Riban said that until now there has been no such thing because the reason is that they want the forest. it shall grow up, and the plants shall bear fruit.
He said that the Dorbar has been held for three days on 25,26,27/05/2022 and the residents of the village have been invited to attend the Dorbar. The meeting was held at 8 pm at Mawlai Nongkwar Higher Secondary School.
In my old age, about two months ago, a thought came to my mind about that tragic incident that happened in the coal mines at Rang Ksan, Jaintia. I have heard from the beginning but I have kept it until these days that I feel that even if it is too late, I should not listen to myself.
“We have received information through RTI from Saipung Block that the Rangbah Shnong has misused the NREGS funds of the village and he has also confessed and admitted this before the Dorbar Shnong. Nohprah, 2013.
Besides, many electricity posts have been destroyed, which can cause danger to the people and can also lead to tragic incidents.
This will help us to develop other players,” she said.
Nongstoiñ, June 17: The residents of Nongumbah, Darephang, Nongspung and other Kyrshai areas are on the border with Assam. Rambrai Hima while Darephang and Nongumbah are the villages under Raidmynsaw.
The incident happened this morning at 3 pm and the shopkeepers suspected that it was the robbers' intent because they did not use electricity in these shops. by solar.
How difficult it is for the students today, especially those who live in the rural areas, because they don't have online classes. mobile touchscreen and online classes.
In fact, this influx has existed since the time of the British Government until the time of Assam; but it began to appear in
This was announced by the Vicar General of the Diocese of Shillong, Fr. Richard M. Majaw.
The final match tomorrow will be between Nokrek Tiger and Myntdu Lion at 9 pm at the Polo Ground.
And now the second resurrection is a resurrection of condemnation, and eternal shame.
Thus, those who applied were appointed by the government and every 59 days their contracts were renewed.
After the birthday party Deisy's relationship with friends became closer.
Ahead of Operation Bluestar Anniversary Week, Punjab Police have strengthened security forces in all parts of the state to ensure the smooth running of the celebration. .
To talk about the present and in the past, knowledge has increased by about 90% compared to the past and the present.
He said that one complaint was lodged by the family members of Riverskhem Nongkynrih and another complaint was lodged by the BSF against Roning Nongkynrih at Pynursla Police Station. all these complaints are pending with the Police.
Nongpoh, July 04 : To benefit the people of the area in terms of getting adequate health care and other health needs, the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People ( CoRP), Sengkmie led by Bah Bandari Ryntathiang on Saturday visited the PHC Mawhati and found many shortcomings besides the government has appointed only one doctor to serve tens of thousands of people in need. the treatment of the sick.
Rangdajied tried to pass the ball closely in the end, passing the ball from behind and to the goalkeeper.
The police department has praised the former President of the country, who took the time to recognize the hard work of the police.
He said East Bengal have prepared all their players for tomorrow.
UDP Vice-President Allantry Dkhar on Tuesday said that the last MP election was different and the victory on July 4 could have been. everywhere.
Sajay Laloo was represented by Senior Advocate Vjay Hansaaria and Amit Kumar.
Out of the 1196 dancers from all over the Khasi Hills, 618 were rangkynsai and 578 were virgins.
The Chief Minister said that about 14 doctors and staff of Bethany Hospital will be inside the hospital during the lockdown across the country.
Speaking on the removal of the term “Rangbah Shnong” by Assam, Gangbura and Rambura have been appointed as Village Officers in many villages under the two Assam Assam. The CEM said that Assam cannot affect the customs and traditions of the Khasi Pnar people in the districts including Pangam Raliang and Labang Nangphyllut. He urged the people living in those areas not to misunderstand and not to take advantage of the rights and customs of the Khasi Pnar. They should understand that they fall within the boundaries of the District Council and should send information to the Council after their election of the Village Officers so that the Council can may confirm and issue certificates to them as Rangbah Shnong.
They have sold our rights, and the state while the money from our state has gone to political leaders in Delhi, Assam, and Gujarat.
They work hard day and night not to waste the precious inheritance of their parents who raised them.
The Meghalaya State Housing Board was established in July 1986 with the aim of facilitating the construction of housing in the state.
“Like a hymmen, I am sad but we are in darkness, we are sad but we are sad, he is my brother, he has run away,” she said.
Once these houses are completed, about 1 lakh more houses will be built annually under the Chief Minister's Awas Yojana,” he said.
Shylla of the UDP said that the HSPDP has not reached the final because it has not only come second but has dropped to third place in the MDC election. Teiskhem said that he will discuss this issue later.
The State Government on 16th June unveiled the statue of Tirot Singh Syiem, hero and freedom fighter at the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
He said that it is very important to see that the hospital and the college will produce nurses who will serve the people with a humble spirit.
The football stadium in Riangdo is a very important stadium not only for Riangdo, but also for the surrounding areas to host various sports tournaments.
There you will find a pen ryngkew.
A special prayer was delivered by Apostle RR Khongkrom.
“What I regret is that more than Rs 24 crore has not been implemented.
Police have registered a case and arrested one of the workers inside the factory, but the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The names of those who have been selected are Daihunlang Kharbani, Dolly Thongni, Ioris Syiem, Marysha Marthong, Phibashisha Lyngdoh, Shimtihan Lyngdoh, Tsawanda Thabah, Edyson Iawphniaw,
These office bearers were confirmed by Bah Idahun Lamare, Vice President of JSM CB.
Sports Secretary – Nando Ksih.
Only those who are born of the same father are brothers.
Referring to the demand of these women Gram Sevika to extend their expired names, Prestone said, “I would have been happy if it had been extended, but the decision should be looked into. “If the Personnel Department decides to extend the extension, there is no problem for the department to do so,” said Prestone. extend the duties of many candidates.
After agreeing on the construction of the house, the committee has worked hard to collect the donations from the paradoh parasnam of the households and it is through their enthusiasm that it has been able to build the house. The committee cannot achieve what it has to do.
Shillong, June 8: The 9th Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJP) Synod (West) will be held from the 9th to the 12th of this month. The speakers will be Rev. GS Lyttan from KJP Synod (East) at 10 am and 10 pm. 1:30 pm Rev LS Nongphlang of the Ri Bhoi Synod.
Police said that the suspect was arrested while he was trying to smuggle the gold to Delhi from Assam.
But, as it turns out now, the TMC is just making a house in the wind; This shows that you don't know or accept the truth.
Furthermore, the Union requests the Government to provide compensation to all the victims of the conflict regardless of ethnicity so that they can rebuild their lives.
Shillong: Twenty-five cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Shillong today, including 20 cases from East Khasi Hills District, one case from Ribhoi, two cases from East Jaintia Hills, one case from West Jaintia Hills and one case from West Khasi Hills.
The Bible also calls this man the man of sin and the son of perdition.—2 Thessalonians 2:3-4
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the state is still free from the spread of the disease (Covid19), thanks to God.
Nongpoh: The misunderstanding between the brothers and sisters from the same Presbyterian Church in Umran Dairy village, has continued and has not ended until these days. Today, that is, that a Longkmie, whose family wanted to bury her in the Lum Jingtep Balang, did not have the opportunity to bury her in that Lum Jingtep, which they wanted to bury with dignity.
To increase or increase the salaries of employees in various departments to all employees.
Regarding these illegal activities, the union has sent them away without allowing them to carry the goods from the area.
Speaking on the occasion, Lahkmen said that the government has already released T.165 crore but this will not be enough.
He urged the people to support and cooperate so that whatever plans he has as an MLA for the development of the area will be achieved and especially in terms of roads, which is also a priority need. the people of the area.
The place has two, depending on those years.
Kim cannot appear because it is not the time to elect legislators again.
Shillong: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), today said that an Executive Order will be issued soon to all the Syiems, Sirdars and Wahadadar, Sordar, Rangbah Shnong, Ministers and others within the boundary of KHADC, due to the lack of approval to persons or organizations to hold the meeting, as happened in New Balkhawa.
However, on Saturday, the number of people and vehicles was two and three times the usual.
In the 2018 elections, the NPF, which won from 26 constituencies, has contested only 21 candidates.
There were also those who called and left Shillong on Saturday at 7 pm and took a bus from Guwahati.
When asked how long it will take to complete the bridge, Chauhan said that by June 2023, the bridge will be completed and the NHAI will take action to send the “If the work can be completed, it will benefit all the people who use the new bridge which has been constructed on the site of the old bridge at Dwarksuid,” he added.
On the 15th of July, Shillong, Shillong, witnessed a strong protest by the people demanding a fair trial on the shooting death of the former HNLC leader. A police vehicle was set on fire by youths in Jaiaw and police patrols seized three INSAS rifles from Mawlai Mawtawar which were recovered on 23rd July from Wah Umkhrah.
Could this be a sign of the good that can come to this beloved country of ours, to see once again a good and righteous human being?
If we don't want to give the name 'Bharat' to West Khasi Hills, it's not just a rejection, but how can we call it 'Bym Bha Rat' or 'Bharat Government' .
Besides the dead, four other foreigners and three Afghans were also injured in the incident, but Afghan authorities did not identify the foreigners. citizens of any country.
At the end of the tournament, the teachers also distributed prizes to all the winners in various categories including the first, second and third place winners including the Best Senior Boys. Albert Nongrem went to Sanity Mawlieh, Luckyson Nonglang went to Phiwanri Nonglang, Banshai Lyngdoh and Wanshantngen Nongrem went to Ladapshisha Mawlieh. .
It is true that Christianity was brought by foreigners from the West.
Also present on the occasion was Bah P Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
However, it was said that the teacher was no longer able to teach and had taken leave from Dr. Wandap Bamon, who works at the Sutnga Community Health Centre (CHC).
When God rejected Eliab, Jesse sent for seven of his sons.
Sports Secretary Skhem Shadap, members include Yonis Ryndiah, Rimiyo Lamare, Shilang Rupsi, Bidro Suchen, Moses Mynthlu and Shem Rupsi.
On this occasion, he also visited many shops and found that many of the shops have cleaned up all the garbage that appears on the roofs of the shops. also to those who have not yet completed the work to follow the example of these others who have already cleaned their shops.
They too feel that their burdens are greater than those of others.
Raymond Nongkhlaw who won the Mr. India 2019 title and Johny Bakordor Nongkhlaw who played football for the Meghalaya Sub Junior team.
He said that today, 32 shops have been seized by the Council for not operating without permits.
Bah Sanbor said that more money should be allocated to the villages through the MLA's scheme for the purpose of setting up special shelters and assisting the health workers. .
However, Rafieldstar Nongkynrih of PFR FA scored the first goal before the end of the first half (58 minutes) to take the match into extra time.
Parents do not guide their children in advance while they are in school.
Ryntih SC beat Nangkiew Irat SC 3-1 to win the Shillong Premier League 2023-24 on Friday.
In the final competition, Mawwan UP School won the Drill and March Pass Competition, while St. Peter's HS School, Rangbihbih came second. Valley View Umsaw School came second in the March Pass Competition.
“Regarding her child, yesterday I had a brief conversation with someone and she said that from the time she entered the delivery room, she was told that she gave birth alone in a place that has not yet reached the delivery room,” he said. , he added.
After many incidents of being robbed and hit by two wheelers, the question that many people ask is, are these two wheelers not afraid because of the sting of the police? According to the rules of law, these people violate the rules and endanger others, there will be many more such incidents and many people will be injured and lose their lives.
These awards were selected on the basis of skills in cooking, cleanliness, cleanliness, ability to attract people with dignity and other special skills in the field of communication. and sells food and drink.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has declared martial law in the country to fight the Covid-19 pandemic.
However, after the High Court banned coal mining in 2014, the villagers have lost their jobs.
The demands of the students include to issue certificates within two months after the results are released, to extend the time to stay in the library especially during the examination period.
Speaking to reporters, the NPP said it has sent the name of Conrad to the Governor on the 16th of this month. Conrad's approval as MDC has been rejected because of their signatures, showing that they have been in trouble in GHADC. They said that the name of the MDC has been sent to the Governor without going through the DCA, and they said that the DCA is only a process that has to be completed, but the power to approve. The name of the MDC is in the power of the Governor and if he is pleased, or at the pleasure of the Governor, he may approve the name of the MDC immediately.
He also highlighted the important roles of sports in building physical, mental and social relationships.
He said that the coal has been placed in coal mines which are far away and can walk about 3 or 4 hours from the road and Dr Mukul Sangma, earlier today, went to inspect only along the road. and when he inspected only along the road, how could he see the presence of 32 lakh MT of coal?
“In the meeting with the employees of 108, they expressed and urged the State Government that any company that takes over to run the 108 Emergency Service in Meghalaya, should protect the rights of the employees and should also look after the "It's a good idea," said Kong Ampareen.
After meeting with Bha Buam today, these prisoners have withdrawn their hunger strike.
The purpose of the celebration of World Health Day is to spread awareness and education on the importance of health.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Thirteen political parties will hold talks with the government led by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma tomorrow at 3 pm. day.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Executive Member in charge of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday denied the allegation that he has opened the tax collection gate of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Dielang Market is the Mawiong Regulated Market in Mawiong.
Speaking to reporters, Eugeneson said that in the past years when he went outside to play cricket, he found that most of the time it was cricket that attracted the children, but only in the last few years. Football has also started to attract many youngsters, whose expectations from this game are very high, not only for the I .League, the Indian Super League or even the tournaments held in other states as well.
Do these farmers receive the support they deserve from the Government to develop them? What does the Minister of Agriculture do when his fellow farmers face challenges? Let us look at some of the issues below: The arrest of farmers while they were carrying their produce at Mawblei, NEIGRHIMS, Smit and Mawiong by the police.
In the past few days of this past week, an incident similar to this was when a 12 year old killed his own mother just because of his feelings.
It will be a warning because sometimes, those who want to honor them play too much with those who hate them, and if you give such a warning it will help them to move forward before complaining, they need and should get a basis. of the reason they tick to win.
The Durga Puja celebration at Nartiang, West Jaintia Hills District, a place sacred to the Hindu community known as Nartiang Shakti Peeth, was attended by hundreds of people. across the District and also outside the State on the 23rd March.
Speaking to media after the program at Don Bosco Youth Centre, the Chief Minister said that if the Election Commission of India announces the date of the MP elections, the state will not be able to approve it. the full amount.
On the other hand, coach Bobby L Nongbet expressed his satisfaction with the performance of the children, although they did not win the match.
At the district level, East Khasi Hills has the highest number of registered POCSO cases with 709 cases, which is 28% of the total POCSO cases in the state. is the lowest, that is only 2% which is a total of 64 cases.
The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department has invited another tender for the construction of the slaughterhouse in June,
Nongstoiñ, July 13: The College of Agriculture, CAU (I), Kyrdemkulai, Meghalaya in collaboration with NECTAR Shillong, IRRI Philippines, NABARD Shillong, ICAR IIVR Varanasi, ICAR CICR Nagpur and IUOA Shillong Meghalaya, today The Farmer Innovation Expo-2022 was held at Nongstoin College on Tuesday morning. The Farmer Innovation Expo-2022 was held at Nongstoin College.
On this occasion, the speakers congratulated the Seng Samla Shnong for organizing such programs which will be one of the ways to encourage the youngsters as well as the young men and women of The village creates them so that they can showcase and develop their talents and at the same time be the future for the village, the country and the nation.
East Khasi Hills CA scored 54/3 runs.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 8: Three organizations from Jaintia Hills, including the Jaintia Students Union, the Jaintia Youth Federation and the East Jaintia National Council, today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills. District, who is the Chairman of the Public Hearing, Myntdu Leshka Electric Project will be held on the 10th of this month at Bataw.
The meeting will also be opened by the Union Minister in charge of Education and the Ministers of Children in charge of Education. Sanjay Murthy, Secretary, Department of Higher Education, Atul Kumar Tiwari, Secretary, Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Heads of Autonomous Bodies, and officers of the Ministry of Education and Skill Development and Entrepreneurship of the Union Government .
Many of the MLAs in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government are hoping that they will not be able to return to power if they are no longer there or if there are incidents that could upset the people. vote.
“We request the Bangladesh government leaders to direct their management companies to terminate the network only within the border of Bangladesh, not to extend it beyond the border of India,” Goyal said after the meeting. The two-day meeting between the Deputy Commissioners of Meghalaya and Bangladesh districts ended today in Shillong.
In the 16-year-old category, Bajoplang Sohshang of Nativity Higher Secondary School won the men's category and Badaphun Nongrem of Nativity Higher Secondary School won the women's category.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: There has been a heavy fire in Jowai and Nongpoh since last night.
What is more different this time, is that the fear of corona virus, has led to the rules to ban the entry of villages and that is to ban the neighbours, to They came to their neighbours, or to their homes, and saw that some of them had closed the gates and erected barriers to prevent outsiders from entering. .
Therefore, as human beings, we too should have a spirit of responsibility for this plant which has a great wealth in it.
“This award was presented at the United Nations World Summit of the Information Society Forum 2022, for the steps taken by Meghalaya Enterprise Architecture to successfully implement projects.
Similarly, in a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, it was agreed to allow 60 trucks under the banner of JHTOA per day, but only 15 trucks per day. The JHTOA has decided to hold another strike to block the trucks of the dewbilat companies carrying goods. .
In fact, he said that during the inspection of the documents of the candidates from Baghmara constituency, the Returning Officer should have immediately rejected the documents of Kartush as he is still a candidate. contract works with the government.
These incidents occurred after armed robbers broke into the quarry and stole T.85,400 thousand from Umduba and T.1,90,000 from Umnowe Killing plant.
This could help fill the need for nurses around the world, not just domestically," he added.
Guwahati: The alliance between the BJP and the AGP has not brought about the satisfaction of the AGP workers. They have raided the party office at Ambari, Guwahati to express their opposition to the cooperation between the two political parties in the Lok Elections. Be careful.
“We assure the public that Topcem is committed to maintaining peace and order between the employees and the residents of the surrounding area who have a relationship with our company, and we also ensure that such incidents will not happen again in the future," said the company's management.
On this occasion, the President of West Jaintia Hills District gave a welcome speech and a briefing on the principles of the party from the General Secretary of the party.
Shillong: The purpose of the Cabinet meeting outside Shillong is to bring the work of the government closer to the people and also to review the progress of the work, said the Ministers of the Government. .
“There was an offer for me to hold the post of chairman in government departments but I did not accept because I felt it was a waste of public money,” said SK Sunn.
According to the Secretary, the Ministry has received the test report from NERDDL since 10th June.
They should not go and complain when they have allowed themselves to be taken advantage of by others.
Shillong: In a meeting with Rupang, the pylleng traders at Iewduh on Saturday, said that there are four types of pylleng, Han pylleng, Syiar pylleng, Broiler chicken White and broiler chicken red.
(too many cooks spoil the food).
Any old rice dealers and Umphniang Sharak retailers may also renew those elected and decided by the Dorbar Shnong with the approval of the residents.
With the good roads, it will attract more tourists and this will also boost the income of the villagers.
“Hey! Have you got a son?" said the mother.
This can help if residents feel that it is necessary and share responsibility.
At 10:30 pm, Rev.PW Makdoh gave a sermon and at 1:30 pm, Rev.CL Laloo gave a sermon.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi today made it clear that he will not allow the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill to come into force, no matter what happens.
The delegation was led by Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, President KSU Umdohlun Circle and Marconi Thongni, President KSU Ranikor Circle.
If we don't have the spirit of cooperation, how can we bring peace to the nation?
Your country is blessed, Your religion is your custom, Your custom is your custom, Your Trekirot is blessed, Nadooh is longchwa manchwa, Your warm wajah.
Sugar Maple 217.5 (574).
Speaking to media, Ksandor Ryntathiang said that the HSPDP Youth Wings has decided to strengthen the party by expanding its offices to different districts. He said that this year the state will celebrate its 50th Anniversary of Independence and on behalf of the party. It has decided to hold a rally on two wheels from Shillong to Mawthadrashain and will build a house for the poor families in this village.
Kyiv said it also destroyed 269 tanks, 105 artillery systems, 39 aircraft, 40 helicopters and 409 vehicles.
It is not that I have forced or encouraged him, but you have seen that I have not done so.
In another match, Shillong Cricket Association beat DCA by 15 runs.
On this occasion, the party gave hope to these paradohs that they should not be discouraged because the party will be with them in their journey in this world and the party will support them as much as they can.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has demanded that the Transport Department of the State Government should change its decision and not immediately suspend the drivers of Rapido with scooty and motorcycles. There are many young people who are involved in this work.
How is that the way to be saved? It is the confession of sins and baptism.
We can use the resources of the earth, the forests, the waters and the rivers for our own survival.
In the past few days of this month, Mumbai has shown to have the worst air quality compared to the previous days, where the air pollution has lasted for about five days compared to the previous days. and last year at this time it was said to have been very severe because this year it was only two days.
The sky was clearer but still cold.
For the beautification of the site, the NEC has allocated Rs 1.5 crore to the tourism department.
It is to be recalled that the Dorbar Shnong Mawbah and the villages of Jhalupra have come out to protest against the last rites of Dr. Sailo.
He said that the Act has not yet been implemented as it should be.
June 19: Russia today launched a stronger invasion of Ukraine with the aim of liberating two Ukrainian provinces, Donetsk and Luhansk.
He expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Meghalaya High Court, the Minister of Law and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for understanding the plight of the lawyers who have lost their offices and especially to the the documents in which they have issued the temporary job.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee has lodged a complaint against the state government for the census of the residents of Iewmawlong. The Supreme Court has also directed the HPC to cooperate with the State Government by providing the documents to the SMB. you three months.
In the current MLA elections, the AAP won 63 seats while the ruling BJP won only seven seats in the 70-member House.
He said that the suspension in the last two years is due to lack of funds and this is the reason although the MFA wants to hold the tournament every year.
In other parts of Shillong, the price is between 100 and 120 tyngka per kilo.
Mawreng Sports Club beat Nangkiew Irat Sports Club 6-0 in the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 held in Shillong on Saturday afternoon. Sports Association (SSA) inside ground 2nd ground polo.
However, the robber went to the house of Riyo Myrshiang in Mynso village and robbed his house with a Lyngka and stole Rs 23,000 along with his clothes.
The mining of coal in the north of the area, especially in the Laitryngew area, has continued until recently or even now but only slightly.
Besides, police have also arrested a prominent Sengbhalang leader in the area, Jaynie Sangma.
Speaking as a special guest, Bah Titos Chyne said that the KHADC has decided to build a cinema for the screening of Khasi films due to the insults of the producers. movies in the cinema.
However, the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that in the elections, if we rely on winning only in the wind, disaster will come later.
In the 2014 elections, Wahlang received more than 5000 votes and now he has joined the BJP with his supporters.
Shillong: The Joint Executive Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held on 7th November 2023, discussed the release of the recent video entitled 'Is the Khasi people This is a special youtube channel called 'Na Rympei U Hynniewtrep'
In these days, trucks will be banned from entering Shillong from 10 am to 12 noon and trucks coming from Jaintia Hills and Shilong will stop at Mawryngkneng. There is a lot of traffic jam for trucks going to Ri Bhoi through the Shillong Bye Pass.
“The situation has changed and we need the ILP, the MRSSA 2019 and other stronger laws.
The Rajya Sabha has 245 members, but the current membership is 238 and the BJP needs 120 members to support the bill. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has 94 seats.
The KSU strongly condemns the lack of attention of this foreigner to the lives and deaths of the people of the area without informing the village leaders.
In the second half, both teams played hard and England had a chance to turn the tide after Saka was sent into the box.
“The Congress is not a party that wants to destroy because we congratulate those who have come out.
This Article is a tool for the indigenous people to preserve the land as it protects by law against foreigners from buying land in the state.
The shortage of the drugs was reported on 6th November, but these drugs have been distributed to school children in Meghalaya since March.
Let's talk and encourage other young people to LIVE a good life with a THONG in their lives TO BE AN EXAMPLE BUILDER IN THEIR HOUSE IN THEIR COMMUNITY AND IN THE COMMUNITY How to write up the Samla Shnong.
The construction of this playground is in full swing in Jorabad where a large building has been constructed, which the Government has said will only be allowed for tourists or foreign tourists.
Nongpoh: On the day when the people of Nongpoh Market were forcibly closed, there was a lot of exploitation of the people and those who were also the buyers on that day.
He said that as the name suggests, the DMF is a Trust which is supervised at the district level where the Deputy Commissioner is the Chairman to screen and sanction the DMF. projects, and the government does not interfere in such selections and requests for funding.
Mawthoh said the state government has been confusing the people and is angry with the MeECL's failure to turn off the electricity for many reasons.
Also present on the occasion were the children, parents and young men and women of the Kur Syiemlieh Sawkpoh under the Maharam Hima, South West Khasi Hills.
The match will be played at 2 pm at the Third Ground, Polo.
However, the sad thing is that even those families who claim to know and recognize God, such tragedies happen.
The report said that these truck drivers refused to pay taxes and this is where the stone throwing and knife fighting broke out.
They also said that through the RBBJ Road, Bangladeshis have a good opportunity to smuggle into these districts and especially during these times of fear of the spread of Coronavirus, it has become more and more clear after the RBBJ Road. The arrest of some Bangladeshis by NGOs and their transfer to Lad Rymbai Outpost.
The KSU has left to close down the polling station at the DC's office, but after receiving information that the polling station has reopened, the KSU has left to close down the polling station at the DC's office. close it again today.
Bah Lanong also questioned the Government's failure to confirm teachers and staff who have worked for more than 15-17 years.
“When the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Development Department, visits the state, we will set a date to meet with the leaders of the HPC,” said the statement. Mr. Prestone didn't crane.
Russia's re-attack on Ukraine's nuclear weapons has threatened Ukraine with a major crisis as it did during Russia's invasion. first to Ukraine in the spring of last years.
Nongkya/Umsning, 31 Jymmang: Six children have died suddenly due to poisoning in Nongkya village. They ate the food at the District Service of the Church of God which was held at the Nongkya Church on Sunday last month.
They will receive assistance from the government to live a better life,” said SP Mukesh Singh.
Four persons have died, one from North Garo Hills, two from Ribhoi District and one from West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that he will look into the documents submitted by the Seng.
The training participants from different villages of Satpator area brought their traditional dishes and helped to decorate these dishes which were prepared by Chef Lambhah Kma.
Ranjan fled the scene with a bottle containing drugs after committing the crime.
Up to 100 square feet of land has been donated by the village for the construction of the CHC at Kentapara.
The government's inability to meet the aspirations of the people has angered the Khasi people especially the youth.
However, there may be many reasons in the coming days which will lead the youth of the country to revive the armed forces.
On Tuesday night, BSF troops of the 172nd Battalion arrested the robbers who were trying to smuggle from Bangladesh to India.
Mukhaïalong scored the first goal through Bino Phawa (67).
“We would like, therefore, to request you to explain to us on this denial of the rights of the applicants,” the Seng requested the Minister.
The union has fought and demanded the implementation of the law and has also fought in the Meghalaya High Court.
Nobody can blame the government but now we have to blame the people because it is their duty to give us the right information. happy to the people, to their relatives and also to the whole community.
The NPP candidate did not come to listen to the announcement of the resolution but when it was announced that he had won, his supporters went to pick up Bah Macmillan Byrsat from his residence. When he arrived at the DC office, he was overjoyed to see that tens of thousands of people had gathered to congratulate him as the new MLA of Nongstoiñ Constituency.
During the inspection in Sohra, it was found that the people of the area have respected the distance from others by standing 1 foot apart from the places prepared for buying and paying for food items. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ila Diengdoh, Manager of Coniferous Resort, said that the hotel and guest house operators in the area have already suffered losses since November After the protest against CAA and ILP, she said that the people of Sohra should support the protest against CAA and ILP because the village does not want foreigners to violate their rights. trai ri trai country.
Mawlyngngad SC beat Mawkriah West SC 2-0 to win the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 on Tuesday.
The SSSS said that the illegal entry of foreigners into the state is a serious issue but the Bill proposed by the government has nothing to do with it. “Why should this Bill be introduced in this area when the District Council exists?” said Bah Buhphang.
“We will go to Delhi to demand a Khasi-Jaintia State after we have completed a thorough investigation from our state,” he said.
Sounder said that on July 4, 2022, when he invited the people, he did not tell them that he was inviting the people in the name of the Congress, HSPDP, UDP, PDF, or others. but he invited and convened a meeting under the title “Bah Sounder S.Cajee and the Working Group”.
Gavin Miguel Mylliem, MLA Sohra today inaugurated the exhibition at Ramakrishna Mission Hr.Sec School, Sohra.
Rishi Barua, Rathin Kanji, Ketaki Choudhury, Seema Barua, Falguni Mukherji, Samita Goswami and Babita Das have exhibited and discussed their works through the ages and the history of literature in India. .
These two leaders of Mawkhar, have resigned for their own reasons.
The Tribunal also accepted the suggestion of Thomas Nongtdu, President of the Jaintia Cement Manufacturing Association, to further confirm the issue raised by the coal owners. Shillong, March 5: Officials of the Forest Department, under the leadership of the Divisional Forest Officer, Shillong, have seized seven trucks carrying These trucks were seized from Umran and Umraleng today.
However, as a club that looks after the welfare and development of the community, it has contributed many benefits to the community.
Confirming the incident, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S Nongtnger said that the case has been registered at Pynursla Police Station. shot in order to conduct an investigation.
However, some non-truck drivers were also beaten by the CRPF and police.
In the second match, Latylli Veteran Football Team beat Ïawpaw Veteran Football Team 2-1 goals in the 15th minute. Teibor Shabong scored the first goal in the 23rd minute while Mining Pariong scored the first goal in the 8th minute.
“I think the people trust the Congress even though it has been betrayed by other leaders before the elections, but I don't think it will do the same this time because the people trust the Congress and of course they will I will return to the Congress,” said Saleng.
That is why this age is known as the age of wealth, from the youngest to the oldest, without knowing the evil that is in it, not even to throw the blood of the mother, if it is in any way.
People say that the party is just a uniform, but to me, the party is not a uniform, and parties without strong foundations, or without strong issues; Therefore, the person who votes for any candidate from any party has no difference.
However, on the 16th of this month, he alleged that they killed her and threw her body away.
What you vote for can be the destruction or victory of the heritage to be the masters of the Bri U Hynniewtrep forever ?The MLAs who win through any party or individual have to put the Hynniewtrep people in face.
When they arrived, Rida's mother told them what had happened.
India has already administered 100 crore doses of vaccine on March 21, 2021,just 9 months after it started the vaccination campaign.
It should have done as before to turn off from 10 to 11 or even 12 o'clock in the morning and from 1 to 2 o'clock in the evening and then from 5 o'clock to 6 o'clock in the morning”.
Speaking after the review meeting on Tuesday, the Minister said that this year is a special year for Meghalaya in terms of the PMAY scheme. Earlier, the target of the state was about 40,000-50,000 poor households but for 2023-24 alone, we have set a target of 1,40,000 households,” he said.
The allegation that the mid-term MDC elections have been held without thinking has been made by the state government.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has once again confirmed four units, Saphai Unit, Priang Unit, Iooksi Unit and Umsalait Unit under the jurisdiction of the KSU Kupli Area Circle. The term of office was announced at a meeting held on the 31st of March at the Community Hall Iooksi.
The Union Government through the Ministry of Agriculture has recently listened to the request of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to allow the students from Meghalaya who are studying at the Central Agriculture University (CAU), Imphal in Manipur to study in the country. They continued their studies at the CAU Training Center at Kyrdemkulai, Ri-Bhoi District.
Vincent also denied the claim of NPP leader Prestone Tynsong that the history of 1972 will be repeated in a government where the Congress will win only a few seats.
The VPP office bearers had to rebuild the rynsan where Bah Ardent was sitting as many of the people came to support him at the Additional Secretariat.
Dr Gulati said there are currently 706 Medical Colleges in India and lakhs of doctors graduate every year.
However, we must remember that a seed that is eaten by a worm cannot produce a good plant.
Speaking to media, Birla said Meghalaya is still lacking in the implementation of schemes that have come through the central government.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong on this day.
The people want to know what those parties will do for them if they come to power.
Tura, who were tied twice, managed to score only 45 runs for the loss of six wickets in 10 overs.
The Ministry of Education shall issue an order to advise on the implementation of the schemes, within the prescribed periods.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, said that the issue they support is very important for the country and the nation and for the youth who are the future of the party. the nation.
Through detailed information, a search operation was conducted at a house in Phaicham Veng, Moreh, which belongs to Vahjahat Haokip.
Aristotle said that both the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Minister of Education have given a pleasant promise to the association.
Shillong: Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit has decided to support Ma Vincent Pala in the 2019 MP election. Rupang spoke to HSPDP leader KP Pangniang and HSPDP leader KP Pangniang. Bah Pangniang, said that the HSPDP, has worked hard to support Pastor PBM in the last two elections, in 2009, when he contested from the shap of U Singh and then in 2014, when he ran as an independent candidate.
Shillong: The residents of Mawthadrashain Block, West Khasi Hills District, Umthlied, Lawkasoin and Mawkhan, have been found dead in the city of Mawthadrashain Block. that the fish in the country have disappeared without knowing why and the death of these fish has caused a terrible market crisis.
However, he said that out of these 57, 14 have received Single Window clearance but have not yet received permission to operate.
“The collapse of the road has caused the people to face the old days of having to carry the sick and agricultural products.
Pat Cummins has left the squad for the upcoming match against India in preparation for the third Test in Indore this month. After leading the team to the first two matches of four matches at Border-Gavaskar Trpohy.
Thus, both Elisha and Ezekiel face a historical event that refers only to death and destruction.
However, this too is unlikely to happen because the BJP with two MLAs will not be able to cooperate with the TMC or the Congress.
He added that Adolf Lu Hitler joined the AITC without setting any conditions because he wanted to cooperate in bringing about development in the state.
Speaking on the CRPF personnel who tested positive today; They are from Bangalore, Hyderabad, Assam, Delhi and one high risk contact. They are from Bangalore, Hyderabad, Assam and Delhi. of people who came from Bihar.
It is very difficult now because of all kinds of problems.
The more candidates from political parties or non-parties, the more competitive the race becomes and the voters are more likely to elect people who are more likely to become MLAs and not businessmen.
At the same time, he said that the allegations in the party, especially on the defeat of the Congress in Williamnagar, will not affect the Congress in the mid-term elections to be held in Ampati on the 28th of this month. months and he hoped that the Congress would win again.
Two goals were scored by Eiladki Ksoo in the 30th minute and Degracia Dan in the 42nd minute.
In a letter sent to CBI Director Subodh Jaiswal on October 21, 2023, Ramesh said that Amit Shah at a public meeting on June 17, 2023, said that the government The former government led by Conrad is the most corrupt government in the country.
GUWAHATI: Assam Education Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today announced the closure of all schools in Kamrup (Metro) district. The number of cases has risen to more than 1,000 per day.
He said that those who get jobs are only those who have relationships with the people who are at the time while those who are poor and have enough income have to do small jobs.
It is often heard that in some border areas, there are Hima, village rulers who are rich in money and who allow foreigners to get land to live in and to live in. work as much as you want, because they can provide.
Therefore, even for these villages in Block I and II, under the same grounds, if the villagers agree, arrangements can be made, so that this work which has been going on for hundreds of years can be completed as soon as possible. .
The BJP has decided that if it is elected to power in the state, it will resolve the issue with Assam.
The Behdeinkhlam festival in the Raij Ialong began with the Khrong ka Khri- in which the households in each village and township took part in this by contributing.
The Governor said he would discuss the matter with the Prime Minister and the Director General of Police.
The Best Goal Keeper in the Under-17 Women's Category went to Yulity T. Phangrang of Ïewrynghep Secondary School and Diamon Makhroh of Saiden Secondary School.
Agnes asked her mother to help her with the household chores and also to send her to school.
“We have done well in the NITI Aayog's Innovation Index.
Only males were circumcised in the flesh.
Speaking to media, HSPDP President Nolipstar Lyngdoh and Sheckstar Paliar, General Secretary of the HSPDP Mawten Primary Unit said that they are still supporters of the HSPDP Mawten Primary Unit. The party members did not have any other idea but to give their full support to the candidate whom the party has already nominated and that is Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh.
On another occasion, MDC Mylliem Constituency Teilinia Thangkhiew said that the traditional village of Mawphlang is the one where the KHADC has spent money on the Monolith Festival. The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not informed the MDCs at the venue and the MDCs have not even been able to shake hands with Modi. owner of the place.
It is learned that on Tuesday morning, before he passed away, he spoke in a very low voice, in which he said “border” which means that he was very sorry for the death of pud and sam.
The KSU said, “If those involved in this crime have any reason, they should act according to the law and not with the intention of taking the precious life of a human being.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah SK Sunn said that if the traditional music is lost, the uniqueness of the nation will also be lost.
Eleven members of the executive committee were appointed.
He said the central government has directed the state government to look into the proposal for the cleaning of the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers which the central government has approved to revive these important rivers.
Police said that on seeing the police and security forces, Sangma opened fire on them but in the exchange of fire he could not do anything else and was stopped.
Why does knowledge grow? When God gives knowledge, He has a purpose to fulfill all the prophecies of God's Word.
“We demand that the government should remove all these weighbridges, except those at the Exit & Entry Points at Byrnihat, Malidor and others, but at Umtyra and “The government should remove them immediately,” said AJCCTA Secretary Kyrshan Dkhar.
Pariat said that the financial situation of the JHADC has been very difficult since the NGT banned the mining of coal where the share of the District Council has been reduced and it is very difficult to pay their salaries. staff.
And we urge you all to find out about the managers or leaders who should be certified for these jobs.
These suppliers have expressed their dissatisfaction with the behavior of the department and suspected that there may be something behind the scenes which has led to the bias in which they do not want to disclose even to them. The price of the quotation is submitted by the supplier on the day of opening.
“There was a man who was running fast because he was chased by a snake, so he ran on a tree and when he reached the top of that tree there was a fish. and so he opened his mouth and felt the cleanliness that flowed , and because of the excessive cleanliness and excessive sweetness he forgot those troubles that awaited him at the bottom of the house uta U dieng" This story is exactly like our leaders today, while they have not yet received what they want, they show and pray that they are truly those leaders who truly love the country and the nation. .
BJYM youths from BJP leaders today held iong flags as part of their support for the demands of the youth and to strongly condemn the excessive behavior of the police and district authorities.
When asked whether there are lawyers for them, the elder brother of the family said that they have lawyers including government and human rights lawyers.
There shall be a question and answer session, the Budget and the date of the meeting may be extended if necessary.
Therefore, we should not be discouraged about the goal of our hard work which has taken time for each of us.
Jatiya Bangla Sammelan General Secretary Siddhabrata Das said the party has urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to protect the Bengalis especially after the HNLC has threatened to destroy the country. to kill them (Bengalis) if they do not leave Ichamati.
Meanwhile, Miss Meghalaya, Miss Irene Dkhar, who received the title in 2022, represented Meghalaya at Miss Northeast 2022, where she won.
“I have talked to the central government to take action to create rules to prevent the spread of bad news in the media,” he said.
Likewise, the family of Mama Bhalang will never forget that day when the man who lived in his house honored the school and his house.
The family members expressed their surprise to hear that the Father has spoken words of condolence to their family, who have suffered and has no feelings for the incident of their son who has turned into a shirt just because of do not inject it.
“However, among these benefits there are also disadvantages if we don't know how to use technology, it can disrupt or destroy the education of a child and this will affect the life and future of the child. them", he said.
Likewise, the public is strongly warned not to go to shops, trade or walk with those people who have signs with the Seng.
He said that with the advancement of technology, people have relied on it in various fields, so he urged the students to use their traditional knowledge and to follow the limits in related to the use of technological knowledge.
Steffanie La Kynti Dkhar came second, Clarity Nongsteng came second, Feroze Hynniewta came second and Shaphrang Kupar Kharbudon came third. 20,000 tyngka and T.10,000 tyngka.
In the 3rd Division, Sanmer SC beat Mawreng SC 0-1 with M.Sun scoring 21 goals.
The family members of the girl said that after the incident, they tried to investigate with the girl and found that the reason for the attempt to kill herself was due to lack of feeling. It is no longer useful for her to live after she has been raped by this man.
The distribution was led by the Founder Chairman Bah L.Dkhar. At Biar Village, a small meeting was conducted by the Secretary Shnong P.Sungoh and Finance Secretary of Orphan Children. A short speech was delivered by M. Bareh Secretary and Founder Chairman of OCF Jaintia Hills Bah L Dkhar.
In 2020, when he was 14 years old, Forme Khongjee rescued a girl from Umkrem Village, Riwar Mihngi from the flood of a river in the same village.
The match between the two teams was very friendly and both sides struggled to score but until the end of the first half no one could score.
Therefore, he encouraged the teachers by pointing out that as teachers they should not be discouraged despite the difficulties they face but should continue to work and move forward to fulfill their duties with a spirit of responsibility.
The cleaning of the Myntdu River will start from the Pamblah Bridge to Kharthymme.
Nongrang was appointed as the DGP on Tuesday after the term of office of Dr. LR Bishnoi has come to an end.
“Now many people say that as soon as they reach Jorabat, they are surprised to see the fly over roads that the Assam Government has built and how many development works the Central Government has invested in this area. “If you want many development projects to come from Delhi, please vote for the BJP,” said Bah Sanbor. North Shillong Constituency.
Nongstoin, June 1: Anderson Higher Secondary School, founded by Bah Handerson Syiemlieh on 6th October 1991 with 104 students, 10 teachers and 3 employees, has now reached its goal. to the 25th anniversary of the school and also celebrated its 25th Silver Jubilee which was held on Tuesday inside the school grounds.
It is not known where this second phase will reach as the court has ordered that no boundary stones should be laid in those areas which have already been arranged until the beginning of July. the hearing on the matter is ongoing.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mutong, who is also the President of JARF, said that until now, coal trucks coming from Assam are still allowed to carry coal to EJH and the government has not responded to the demand. “After the end of four days, if the government does not do anything, we will not end our cooperation with the government especially in relation to the This is the fight against the spread of Corona Virus.
Wanpher S.Wahlang, Publicity of RBYF, Sengkmie, said that the RBYF has found that the construction of the T.25 lakh by the contractor, which was allocated by the KHADC, does not match in any way with the RBYF. Therefore, the residents of the area have not been able to provide any information to the people, because the well which was used to build a Dewbilat, has been built with a sign while the rest house has been built only to complete the project. it is estimated that the cost will be a few lakh rupees.
“I used to raise issues of the constituency such as the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi, the deterioration of roads in many villages and others,” said Sunn.
He was in Rome in May 1945 when Adolf Hitler was invaded by Nazi Germany.
“Children who are studying only in class IX and X have got married and this has affected their future,” she said.
Sangma said the government will resolve the issue in its parts whether it is the relocation of the Municipal Office, the relocation of the municipal employees or the relocation of the municipal employees. The government wants to resolve this issue which has been pending for many years but by speak understand everyone.
Half-passenger vehicles and small vehicles shall carry only two passengers besides the driver and two wheelers, only the occupant and one woman or child under the age of
The All Tribal Students Union (ATSUM) on Tuesday held a Tribal Solidarity March at Torbung in Churachandpur district to protest against the demand of the Meitei community for Scheduled status. tribe.
The incident spread quickly from Nuh to Gurugram.
The capacity of the project from each stage will be 450 MW through which the government has received adequate electricity distribution and revenue through sale or export.
“Fifty-seven cases of violation of the law during the protests have been registered within the last three months,” said the SP. to the end of Noah.
“I have directed all the three District Councils of the state to issue a strong Regulation with the approval of the Governor and the State Government to implement it in each Market Committee and One of the rules is not to count or cut kilos of agricultural products from the farmers.
Conrad said the goal and duty of the MSEC is to advise the government on schools, colleges, construction of buildings, salaries, management of schools and colleges. They are located in the state of Meghalaya.
Wut wut she prepared to prepare milk for him.
She also sent a letter to the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma demanding the convening of a Special Session to discuss the Roster System and Reservation Policy.
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Dr. Pooja Pandey and welcomed by Dr. D. Phawa, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District.
All the MDCs who attended the meeting, after reading for a while, immediately rejected, when we saw that this letter was sent from Delhi, you don't have a terrible dress.
No one shall be allowed to take pigs elsewhere whether they are alive or suspected of being infected with the disease.
The ODF plus village is able to support the avoidance of going outside, to improve the sanitation and hygiene.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
He said that if there are only officers who hold only the khulom and also the rich who have a lot of wealth without day laborers we cannot see the growth of time like other roads. The construction of houses and even in the power of machinery such as cars and others are all in the hands of the day laborers even in agriculture it is the same, so we The state government also needs to recognize and remember the day laborers on this day and hopefully in the coming years it will be successful like other states in India. holiday is also on this day.
This statement has angered and shocked not only the party but the people of the state as a whole.
The Sqay Federation of India (SFI) has organized the tournament to select teams from all over India to participate in the 37th National Games to be held in Goa. in April this year.
Perhaps, we have all experienced this apparent impact in the midst of anxiety, but the impact can vary from person to person.
M Chuba Ao, Symbud President of the BJP in the country, President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Bah Earnest Mawrie, Rituraj Sinha, National Secretary and Co-Coordinator of the North Eastern Region, Rupam Kr Goswami, Spokesperson of the party in Assam, party office bearers in the state, party presidents from districts, Mandal Presidents, Morcha Heads and strong members of the party including candidates who intend to contest the upcoming elections from all constituencies in Garo Hills.
There are also those who say that in Mawthadraishan Constituency if the UDP wins the people will be happy if the HSPDP wins they will be happy because both the parties are national parties but to win only one candidate the people of Mawthadraishan will not. Bah H.Brolding Nongsiej has been elected twice and they believe that even if they don't support him, he won't feel anything.
“Let us congratulate these great men of the country,” said Lat Shanmuganathan.
It has strengthened its operations in the last two years by setting up 28 fulfillment centers covering an area of ​​27 lakh square feet to meet the increasing demand in the country. whole.
Syrya Rongphar, EM of KAAC was the chief guest, Samson Teron, President of Karbi Students Association, BS Teron, founder of the Karbi Student Association. AMKA and many Karbi people from different parts of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Police in East Khasi Hills have sent back the body of a child who died recently on suspicion that she was murdered.
“This meeting was called to discuss the issues of CAB, how it will affect and how to protect or how the laws of the state government will work in relation to CAB and others,” he said.
Sidhu Moose Wala was shot dead in Mansa, Punjab by a group of Lawrence Bishnoi, the same group that threatened Salman Khan in that he shot dead a blackbuck and that the case is still pending in court.
The meeting also formed a group of political parties to look into the matter and take a decision whether to go to court or to talk to Assam to resolve the border issue. share.
This is just one of many incidents of attacks on Christians across India ahead of Christmas.
There are lakhs of houses, already built and named after women.
Maurice and his wife live on the southern French island of Saint-Pierre-d'Oléron, a small town inhabited by tourists. The population of the village is only about 22,000, but during the rainy season, which is the time when foreigners come to visit, the population of the village is It is more than 40 percent of the usual price and it is said that they are the ones who have come to stay, who have lodged a complaint against the syiar ryngkuh.
Speaking to reporters, Lyngwa said that Bah Storgy Lyngdoh, who was a member of the HNLC peace talks team, had smuggled into Meghalaya from Bangladesh and was arrested by the police. East Khasi Hills.
Many Congress leaders also delivered speeches.
An indefinite curfew has been imposed in Bishnupur, Imphal East, Imphal West and Jiribam districts.
By Mr. Philip MarweinWhat is your education policy? The Education Policy is a broad outline of how education in a state or country should go through in order to achieve its goals.
The Minister said that although there have been some problems here and there regarding the allocation of funds for the construction of the Medical College, these problems have been overcome.
Shillong: KSU Jowai Unit under the leadership of Samla Ewan Phawa, President and several members, today met with Ma W.Sungoh, EM, Trading License, JHADC.
I am very grateful to the Shillong Civil Hospital,” he said.
New York police on Sunday said a man was shot dead on Saturday night in a busy public square in Manhattan.
He blessed that the Church will continue to grow in good works and contribute to the nation especially in the spiritual area.
All these programs completed by these students have been interesting and beneficial for the residents especially through awareness programmes.
The Unitarian Church in Nongtalang is one of the oldest churches in the area.
Jowai: U Wisming Syiemlieh, from Chutwakhu, Jowai, has decided to contest the MDC election this time.
RTI applicants including S. Hujon, S. Sawian, S. Majaw and W. Lyngdoh expressed their surprise that many of these names which the Soil & Water Conservation has responded to are false names. Those who have never been to Mawkisyiem before, said that there are also people who have received two schemes under the same name while there are also those who have not received anything from Mawkisyiem.
The Joint Action Committee (JHADC) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) urging him to MeECL has refused to issue NOC to the construction of a dam to generate electricity on the Umngot River in West Jaintia Hills.
However, the Government of Meghalaya in November 2018 decided to call a tender to implement SAUBHAGYA in Turnkey Mode and to divide the work into two parts, one Package A for the second Package B for the Garo Hills.
In Boxing, Riteeka Sarki reached the semifinals in the 57kg women's category, which means she has already secured herself a bronze medal.
In the second half, although the players fought hard, they could not score until the end of the 90 minutes. Through this match, Nongrim Hills and Laban had to share 10 points each.
In the final match of the tournament, VFC beat FC FBOS by tie breaker.
Pariat's statement came after U Nongsaiñ Hima spoke to her about the rape of two women in Manipur. The Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha are still in Parliament.
“If the UPA government does not respect the wishes of the people of the state, we will give a proper answer to the Congress in the Lok Sabha elections in 2014,” said a student.
If you cross the border of Assam, you will not object.
Therefore, the time is now to completely eradicate this custom and tradition which has destroyed and undermined democracy.
The former Shillong Lajong FC player also played for Kerala Blasters (reserves team) and won the title of top scorer in the I-League during his career. in 2017.
When will the government of Narendra Modi surprise us?”
“It's because of my husband's fault that I've lost my life,” said Rikkala.
“For 2016-17, the deficit has been set at 3.5 per cent of GDP,” he said.
Like illness and uncertain death, it makes a person think away from life to choose the good, to do good to himself and to others.
The total number of deaths from COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 355 with 19 deaths on Tuesday. The death toll includes 19 deaths from EKH: 17, NGH: 01 and RBD: 01 According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 906 new cases have been confirmed and there are 5332 active cases in the State.
Marbaniang is the officer who will attend the opening ceremony of Mawroh PHC and Umrynjah Sub-Centre tomorrow.
U Bah Lyngdoh requested that as citizens of the country, they should think together for the sake of the people who are in these areas. in the border regions.
This shows that the Tripura government does not want to expose to the world its crimes against the minorities and the organizations understand that there is violence against the tribals in all aspects even in the field of roads. Police have also seized the ID card of a journalist from the Jaidbynriew Riewlum.
In that village he set up a small shop and planned to expand it later.
This word means “brother or sister” and its root is “ote” which means the relationship between brothers and sisters who have the same mother and cannot marry each other.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) has conducted the State Sports Talent Identification Program 2022 under the STAR Program Phase-I and Phase-II in November
The tournament for the Junior (18 yrs below) and Senior Men & Women (19 yrs Above) categories will start at 7 pm from the DC's office in Mairang.
In this regard, the JSU has sent a letter to the Minister of Law James Samgma, the Minister of Education Lahkmen Rymbui, the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, all the MLAs of Jaintia Hills and also the MP of the Lok Sabha. Vincent Pala and MP WR Kharlukhi today 16/9/2
Regarding these Rules, it is felt that the District Councils, through the Rules to be enacted, shall empower the Governments / Sirdars, Rangbah Shnongs / Matabors, or other Village Authorities. that they shall investigate or search those bidders and sellers of goods, and that if they find that they do not have a license or that they violate the terms of the licence, they shall expel them.
Syiem said that the police did not have a good opportunity to fight in the area because there were many people. “We are sure that Sohan D Shira was also involved in the incident. but we didn't find anything,” said Bah Syiem.
Some schools are under the jurisdiction of the central government and others are under the jurisdiction of the state government.
Marak said the shopping center at Mawiong will be for the people of Shillong only.
“I am very happy to come here because I know that the players, officials and management (Meghalaya Table Tennis Association) have worked hard to make this tournament run smoothly and I am very happy to be here. participate in this tournament.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met Union Minister of State for Road Construction Nitin Gadkari and submitted a petition for the construction of roads in Meghalaya.
The Best Player award went to Bisterly Ksih of Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School in the Under-17 Boys category. Under-14 Boy’s.
Martin Danggo (Cong) received only 9189 votes and won the election as MLA. Many Khasi votes lost the election only because they did not unite with the Khasi and Hynniewtrep.
At the same time, Shibun denied that the victory of the BJP was due to the Hindutva ideology as even the Muslims in Uttar Pradesh supported the BJP under the leadership of Modi.
Although two HSPDP MLAs have fled the party and left the party without MLAs to contest the elections, the party has won two more seats and this time too, these MLAs are still winning for the first time.
He said the Indian government has set the registration year for foreigners to become Indian citizens until 2014 and so far the Meghalaya government has not received applications from foreigners who want to become Indian citizens.
“It was from the very beginning, it should have been there but as I see the UDP is talking about the Common Minimum Programme, it seems they have just understood that the government has already been formed,” he said. to Mr. Adelbert.
It is to be recalled that the incident started after a student was raped by a Bengali student, but the student was helped by students from other states in the North East. Night.
It was at 6 pm that he met with the police and later the Magistrate JM Umdor came to discuss the matter.
As this is an urgent matter, the District Magistrate has informed that this order will not come into force immediately until further notice.
Following the Russian air strikes on Odesa last month, the writer posted an article about it on his Instagram account and wrote around the word "Odesa" along with heart symbol and also the caption “Bi***es”.
The Sohiong constituency is divided into 2 sectors and 6 zones where 34,000 people have the right to vote at 63 polling stations.
He said that with the support of the people as filmmakers, we will be able to continue to produce Khasi films in the coming days.
The CEO said that out of the 74.18 crore tyngka, only 8.71 crore tyngka was seized, 2.26 crore worth of liquor, 91 lakh tyngka worth of valuables such as gold and 28.69 crore tyngka. tyngka from all parts of the state.
However, nowadays even children who are 5.6 years old are well aware of the Internet, many children are more aware than our parents to use the Internet.
He said that these insects do not get enough food this year and thus, they climb upwards without the wind blowing.
Nongstoiñ, March 31: The government's inability to build the road from Mawkynbat to Nongrangoi which is only half a kilometer long, has put the people in trouble in coming and going, transportation and others. other requirements.
This day is celebrated across the state of Meghalaya as well as around the world.
That all villages should prohibit the public from going to Bhoirymbong or Shillong market unless it is a special need, we encourage them to go to these places only if it is necessary to go for unavoidable reasons.
Speaking to reporters after being sworn in, Bah Pius said that he did not intend to contest the MLA election in the same year because they had prepared the MDC election but the resignation of Danggo, the He was given the opportunity to contest the election and this is like giving him another chance.
Our society does not live in peace if there is a wide gap between the rich and the poor,” said Pala.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 75735 out of which 71919 have recovered and 1307 have died.
That is why they have set up Regional Committees, they will sit down and do their best,” he said.
On the other hand, there were other drivers, who accused the police, saying that those vehicles which cannot pay money to the police waiting at Byrnihat escape from being arrested by the police. Police, but only those vehicles, which the drivers or owners of these coal vehicles can not provide the police. 50% of the police in Meghalaya will resign if there is no road, because many The roads are the police station especially in Ribhoi...Our police.
On 24th July, 2021, the Nongpoh Court sentenced Bah Julius to 25 years imprisonment and a fine of T.15 lakh. he will have to serve another five years in prison.
The victim is 21 years old and her name is Nazanin.
The games will start from 9.15 am to 5 pm.
With the help of modern authorities, we can also apply for e-ILP. There is no need to apply offline and in no way will it affect the tourism industry,” he said.
Daily exercise is important for maintaining blood pressure.
On the other hand, the Sein Raij Tuber has expressed its gratitude to this man for his good deeds.
There were 9 people who donated blood on this day.
When asked what is the most common reason why children come to the detention centre, the head of the Social Welfare Department said that the most common reason is because of the violence in the home. you're your family.
Shreya was named Player of the Match.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Sister Incharge asked the reporter, “Yesterday the 16th is what day, and today the 17th is what day”. She said that it is also a public holiday for all government employees including doctors. no drugs were administered to the patients, but only the most severe cases were taken.
Shillong, July 16 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government has recently received a letter from the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) regarding the The peace talks have started because there are some clarifications that the party wants to know and receive and on this the government has already sent a reply to the party.
On the other hand, the family of Kong Stefani, has demanded that they should get a fair trial according to the law so that the secret behind this incident will be revealed to them as the family. .
Felicia Sympli scored four goals alone (2', 40', 53', 55') and Alisha Lyngdoh (29', 41') and Evangelin Bareh (23', 51') each.
The Government said that Paragraph 186.6 of the Manual clearly states that an extraordinary notice published in the Gazette must be signed by a Secretary or an officer not less than the rank of Deputy Secretary.
A source from the ED group said the group had filed a petition on June 20 in the court demanding that the erroneous records should be corrected in connection with the Sanjay Singh's name in the complaint.
However, a few hours after the construction of the stadium, the Bangladesh Border Guard Force (BGB) came to stop the Sordar's visit to the stadium. On the other hand, he did not respond until the arrival of the Border Security Force (BSF), who talked to him to hold a meeting on the issue.
Nongpoh: The residents of Jorbul village, Baridua area of ​​Ri Bhoi district, have been without electricity for more than a month, after the transformer installed by MeCEL, broke down. MeECL officials have not come to repair or rebuild the house yet.
“I'm sick, that's why I came here...” Niakha said. “What's wrong, the children are now, Kong, like that...” The doctor added. The doctor prescribed medicine and they left.
T.10,000 each was distributed, bringing the total number of beneficiaries to T.80,000, which was distributed to these five households, which the MLA received through an honorarium.
“For this reason, it has caused a lot of difficulty for the residents of the area to talk and express their needs with him,” said ASWA in a letter sent to the SBI Regional Office in Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) as part of the celebration of the 175th Anniversary of the Khasi alphabet, will hold a public explanation and promotion of the Khasi language in 5th January 2017.
This Act stipulates that husbands must provide maintenance for their children if they no longer live with their wives.
“The law cannot be enforced without conditions,” he said.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, today said that to protect the students from the Covid-19 pandemic, the department has already advised the education department of the state to The state has witnessed the number of cases of Covid 19 in schools, colleges and universities in the state.
Ushamoni Saikia, Smt.
The increase in population has led to an increase in the number of vehicles coming and going which causes traffic jams as part of our daily lives.
Of these 10 cases, 7 cases have been placed in home isolation and three cases are currently in corona centres.
At the same time, he expressed his desire to provide better services to the constituency as a whole and hopes that the people will continue to give their full trust and confidence. that he will win another glorious victory in the upcoming elections.
Bah Donlang was accompanied by Bah Louis Dohtdong as President and members.
Lanosha, because she was so sorry, gave her a smile and encouraged her to leave.
The banks suspended by the KSU members include SBI, APEX, MRB, Canara, HDFC, Central Bank, Post Office, BSNL and the Central Bank. These departments have cooperated with the members of the Seng.
However, shortly after the KHNAM's statement, the GSU Lum Garo has said that it does not accept the demand of the KHNAM and believes that the Garo youth are less educated than the Garo youth. She said that the Khasi have many adequate educational institutions here in Shillong, while in Garo Hills there are no adequate educational institutions and this would be like an insult to the Garo youth. If the demands of KHNAM are not implemented, the struggle of all Garo students will be rejected.
He said that the trucks carrying the necessary goods for these dewbilat factories will have to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The Nexus was founded in 2017 and is the Jimi Hendrix Tribute Band.
The Supercare Hospital has reached great milestones as it is the first and only hospital in the North East to receive the NABH Certification for Nursing Excellence.
Even in these few days of turmoil in KHADC, we have visited Bah Ganold, who was sent by his son, Themist Diengdoh to complete the work in the High Court.
Some of these traditions are considered holidays.
Leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) have met with the new Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, 10 months after he took office.
The toilet and public toilet was inaugurated by Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today in the presence of UPLN Raju, Director, NESAC and BS Sohliya, Chief Executive Officer. , Shillong Municipal Board.
Balkat D. Sangma, 30, of Chisim Apal Dainadubi, NG Hills, was admitted to Tura Civil Hospital on 17-05-2021 and died on 19-05-2
“If Ampareen says that these statements of mine are wrong, I am willing to argue with her here in Nongstoin, if there is a good law why can't it be implemented? Nongstoin bring good schools, good hospitals bring NEHU branch here and we will look at others, the people of Nongstoin are no longer stupid people so don't fool with Nongstoin “It will grow and develop with its own skills and not with the involvement of MUDA,” said Robert June.
When the house is strong, we will sit down, we will sleep, we will work, we will work, we will hold parties to eat and drink, we will sing and dance, I cried and I danced and I cried until the house was burnt down and destroyed.
In a letter sent to various departments of Health, the DHS (MI) said, “In order for the Directorate to be able to fill the shortfall in order to provide funds on time The Treasury Office in your District is requested to clear the salary payment for the month of April under object head
At the launch of the Almanac 2021, KSU Jaiaw Circle welcomed the guests, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, Chief Leader of the KSU Jaiaw Circle. and congratulations to the KSU Jaiaw Circle for the launch of the Campaign “Kyntiew iala ki jong” and especially the ability of the KSU Jaiaw Circle to publish this Almanac which will help and develop the brothers and sisters and it will also be a great blessing to the nation.
The Indian government has refused to accept a separate constitution and flag for the Nagas, although both sides have the intention to bring peace and stability in the country. the State.
Armstrong Sohshang said that when he tried to ask the dealer why he wanted to sell the school rice to the shop, the dealer said that he just didn't want to put it away because there was no place to put it.
FKJGP, GSU, AYWO, ADE & FAF have urged the people to express their grief on these days and not to vote and not to go to the polling station. workplaces and workplaces as a sign of protest.
The Church gives the Palestinian world a new voice and a new mindset.
“The implementation of the roster system without a strong policy will lead to the loss of the youth of any ethnic group who will have to share the mistakes of the past.
Welcome speech was delivered by the president of the party, Samla Mutshwa Thabah and a song was led by a group of youths from Mookyndeng parish.
Not only that, Modi also said that in the state, even women and children are not happy and urged the people to support the BJP in the upcoming elections to achieve a prosperous and prosperous Meghalaya. unhappy.
However, the absence of voters shows that they do not take care to exercise their rights in this democratic country.
NGOs like KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, HYC, HANN, SSSS, KWADA, JSU and others have demanded from the state government to implement the ILP but the government has promised nothing since then. of previous governments so far, but they have not been able to.
At the same time, we take this opportunity to wish you all a Happy New Year and may the New Year be a year of sustainable development.
Ma Abul Phawa, Waheh Shnong expressed his gratitude to the Rotary for recognizing the work of the village.
He expressed his regret that they came to hold a vigil at the Synod Complex.
This ceremony was held after the children of the Raij had finished planting their rice in the fields.
“We will take the issues prepared by MITCRM and other groups in the petition to be sent by the ADCs,” he said.
It was also informed that there will be many tests and treatment procedures to be conducted on this day besides the distribution of medicines to those in need.
In this regard, awareness programs have been conducted by the Deputy Commissioners.
Shillong: U Dilliram G Marak, an independent candidate for the MLA election from Selsella constituency, has joined the National People's Party (NPP) at a public meeting held at Abima.
She also explained in detail about the types of entrepreneurship such as small business entrepreneurship, social entrepreneurship, scalable startup entrepreneurship, innovation entrepreneurship and big entrepreneurship.
The NH-6 can connect many states in the North East which have to pass through this road.
The strike by the employees, such as teachers, clearly shows the serious shortcomings in the working of the State Government.
"There have been many gangs of robbers operating in Bengaluru where the accused have been encouraged to commit their thefts and also have been profited," said a police chief. .
On the other hand, the Minister said that his department will look into these issues and will convene another meeting regarding these issues raised by the party.
The awards were also presented to the VNRMC of Lyngdoh Maram village under Mairang Block and the VNRMC of Nongshillong village SDPRO Mairang Block.
We also request the donors who have been with us not to donate without the stamp of the Finance Secretary of KSU Pynursla Unit or without the stamp of the Finance Secretary/Chairman of the Celebration Committee,” said the statement.
Therefore, the DC will send another letter and the name of Witting Mawsor will appear on the Mawnongrim as MLA at that time, as the leaders of the NPYF. The Legislative Assembly of the State in 2023, may be very slow and there will also be an election, in which those voters who value money and are willing to sell themselves will appear when shit haba shai, because as the wise say that the voice of the people is the voice of God, it will come true without doubt.
The helicopter has been used by the Government of Meghalaya for the travel of the Chief Minister and for the Ministers when they need it for their duties. in different Departments.
On the other hand, Samla Armstrong Sohshang President KSU Mawshynrut Circle said that the closure of the health center has caused suffering and anxiety to many of the people of the nine villages. Proin, Rimardon, Tynhiang, Porla and other neighboring villages are especially affected by the mothers who have to go for injections for their children as well as the poor mothers.
St Anthony's Higher Secondary School beat Madhya Pradesh 4-0 on the opening day of the tournament.
For more information please visit the website. For more information please visit the website – and at the following address: Poojanhalli Road, Off NH-7, Kannamangala Post, Bangalore – 562 110.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 27: There are many health centers in different villages of West Khasi Hills District through Sub Centres.
Perhaps it can be a suggestion to the party itself.
Besides the shops, a new Bolero 4×4 (Double Cabin) (AS 16 AC O250) was flooded and two motorcycles without number plates were flooded. be tapped.
On the demand for the relocation of the garbage dump, he said that at present, his department has been struggling from time to time to inform the authorities to find a suitable garbage dump as requested by the department. for.
Modi met with film stars today to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
What is surprising is that these ministers have rejected that in front of them, and have also used Jemino Mawthoh, who is the defeated MLA, to push for their demand.
The district authorities in Mawkyrwat have been informed of the incident so that they can provide assistance to the affected people.
However, Alicia urged the police and her family not to investigate anything about her disappearance as it is a personal matter.
Referring to himself as one of those involved in the amendment of the Clan Bill which was passed during the tenure of (L) Bah HS Shylla, Bah Titos said that the current Executive Committee has been working hard to amend the Clan Bill. The Bill was passed by a Special Committee headed by Bah Bindo M Lanong.
Two Group-E matches were played on the same day, in which Uttarakhand beat Punjab 3-1 and West Bengal drew 1-1 with Tamil Nadu. .
The Pakistan Bureau of Statistics (PBS) said the price of ata in Karachi has risen to Rs 3,200 per 20 kilos, or Rs 320 per kilo. allow the prices sold and sold in Islamabad and Punjab.
He said that the union has planted about 2000 siej seedlings in this forest for about 10 years.
Earlier, the District Sports Officer, Bah Khroobok Passah, said that the purpose of such programs is to encourage the students of schools and colleges to express their views to many. aspects to bring about and build the society and to develop the talents of the youth.
"People had to just stand in line waiting for food aid at the stores.
“Let us not argue anymore, let us do whatever we can to make peace.
Shillong, Lber, 12: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has said that it will not accept the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 as it is not a law passed by the Government of India. .
In this regard, the HYC Nongthliew Unit through its President Bah Joplang Kharlaior said that the HYC demands that the government should immediately provide assistance to Bah Ronningson Kharthangmaw. , should take him away from Delhi so that his family can take care of him.
Therefore, as citizens, they should understand not to exploit and fulfill what they owe.
The Central Board of School Education (CBSE) has decided to postpone the Class 12 examination and then suspend the Class 10 examination.
Leaders of AJMRWLU have marched to the office of the Executive Engineer of PWD (Road) South Jowai Division, B.Niangti and carried placards to demand the payment of their rightful wages.
Haba paint and imat em.
Police said that on Tuesday evening, the family members of the youth came to report the incident and said that he was last seen at their shop in Nonbah, Nongstoiñ nearby. by St Savior Secondary School.
Does the antiquity or antiquity of ethnic groups refer to income and employment? For example, the backward groups were those who lived on hunting animals, while the more advanced peoples were those who learned and lived by agriculture.
Applications should be submitted to the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Nongstoiñ on or before 21st March 2022 and more information can be obtained from this office.
All those who spoke urged the people to be wise when electing their leaders.
About 2,000 Upper Primary School teachers from all over Meghalaya took part in the protest.
“We expect that the NPP under the leadership of Conrad Sangma will open a C&RD Block in Phulbari Constituency which the people have longed for to bring the work of the government closer to the people living in the villages. far away," said Mondal.
This leads to the selection of those applicants who are not eligible.
The training you receive is to improve yourself in many areas especially in Communication Skill.
The union has lodged a petition with the Superintendent of Police who has promised to take action on this demand.
His body was found in the bathtub inside the bathroom of the hotel on the 2nd of November, without a single belonging in the bathroom. he stays because even the bed remains the same without anyone using or sleeping.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 54155 out of which 48886 have recovered and 906 have died.
“I have already sent a letter to the department today and they should investigate immediately into the death of the nurse of Ganesh Das Hospital,” he said.
This protest was also very strong although there were differences here and there in the manner of the protest held by the 'Sur u Paidbah' at that time on the issue of Them Mator in Them Mawlong.
There are those who say there are Congress Pala (Vincent H Pala), Congress Mukul Sangma and Congress Prestone Tynsong.
The Chiefs of the Hima who are entitled to take responsibility for the administration of the Khadar, according to the customs and traditions since the establishment of the Hima Nongspung, together with the Sordar Shnongs whom the people of the Shnong have appointed to look after the villages. They expressed their regret and alleged that the KHADC has used force to violate the customs and traditions of the Hima by suspending the Syiem without giving any reason.
These hard works of Meghalaya especially in supporting financial assistance to Startups and Incubation & Mentorship have also been recognized by the Government of India.
Bah Teibor Pathaw from the North East Security Academy (NSA) explained to the youth how to start their own businesses without relying on government jobs.
Although Christmas is celebrated only as a count of the 25th day of the month, which they used to take for granted, it is undoubtedly the time of the birth of Jesus that changed them completely. number of the world.
The government should know and understand how to improve employment opportunities but no one has taken responsibility for this most important issue.
Shillong: U MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, accompanied by Sordar Raid Thadrang, President of the Rangbah Shnong Union of Diengngan and Tyrso, today visited the Rangbah Shnong of Mawhati Constituency. Hek has met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, regarding the lack of doctors in the Primary Health Centers (PHCs) in Mawhati and Mawlasnai.
He said that the Nongot doh have urged the DC to take action and temporarily close down the Masi Market, while these issues cannot be resolved. mih, because it is the time when the meat farmers stop buying cows from the market.
Lamdibok, who used to serve as MDC of War East and CEM of JHADC, has been sworn in after winning the mid-term elections. resigned by the decision of the State Assembly.
The union has urged the PWD department to take action and repair the Maweit road, so that the daily traffic of the people will not be affected, said a statement from Pynshai Kharbani. Information Secretary Maweit Area Village Government Union.
In many areas we suffer.
They also discussed the issue of water supply, road and parking in the presence of the Chief Inspector of Mawlai PS. Mawlai Parish Catholic Archbishop Stilin Dkhar said that besides the Shillong Diocese, two other Dioceses, Jowai and Nongstoin, have been invited to the procession.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 30 : As part of the efforts to bring freedom, order and peace on the day of the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 19th June,
“We are pleased that private individuals and various groups have come forward to comment on this policy,” he said.
Six persons, Alfredy Sohtun, Vishah Dev Verma, Bijay Singh, Rohit Suting, Banteilang Kharumnuid and Pappu Deka managed to escape from the scene and hid in the forest. The vehicle (ML 10 B 0957) was burnt down in the incident.
The Sordars or Rangbah Shnongs and all the applicants are requested to attend and also urged to announce publicly in the villages the Prime Minister Awas Yojana (PMAY), so that they can participate in the meeting.
The union also explained to the public not to believe the rumors about this disease without knowing the source and also to follow the guidelines of the health department and government authorities. and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Meghalaya Games 2022 at the First Ground of the SSA, Polo, Shillong, in the presence of the Minister of Sports. Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who was the chief guest.
“Look at the laws to protect the jaidbynriew, the measures taken to improve education and unemployment, have we seen it as a state,” he asked.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum also asked why they should not be given more land because they are only employees.
The office bearers and members of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Narpuh Border Area Circle include President, Tariang Dkhar, Vice President, Myself Dkhar, General Secretary, Daniel Dkhar, Assistant Secretary, L. Dkhar, Treasurer, Election Dkhar also elected three members of the Executive.
Until now, there has been a major problem and that is that the Government of India, instead of relying on the government departments in the States, has relied and empowered the The income of the people of the country, in the banks and this has brought about the fear of many people, because they will be cheated and harassed in the payment of interest and others.
The meeting was attended by Village Leaders, Dalloi and Sengbhalang including Khasi Students' Union (KSU), War Jaintia Circle, HNYF, Riwar Circle, FKJGP, War. Jaintia Circle and others.
He said that the Dorbar Shnongs have to sign a soskular with the Council before they take over these trucks.
“The presence of a house can help protect against rain and wind”.
The Waheh Shnong of Trangblang congratulated the leaders of Nohkawang Valley for their efforts to develop the area and thanked them for their willingness to cooperate with the village and the elaka. one not just by their ability.
The best way to prevent the spread of Corona Virus is to call the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare by calling 108 or by filling out an online form on the website regarding the arrival of other states. ri, stay at home for 14 days if you come from other states or countries, stay away from crowds about 1 foot from others, set your mouth if you sneeze, wash your hands for 20 seconds, don't go out in public places and do not spread rumors.
He said that after winning the MLA elections in June, the NPP has met with all the MDCs in the opposition to join the NPP. They don't know anymore because they have been banned from the party, but only Bah PN Syiem who is still strong in the Congress party.
One MLA who is supposed to advise on agriculture said that no meeting has been called since he was appointed.
Jowai: Ka NYK Jowai, has conducted a training on cleanliness in Mawlong village, which started from 7th November 2018 to 7th October
“In athletics, the participants are Under-23, Under-18 and Under-16, in football, only in Under-23 for boys and girls and in shooting ( Archery) are also in the Under-23, Under-18 and Under-16 categories,” said YG Lyngdoh.
In the final of the inter dong, Bataw Um-Styndong Sports Club won the title by beating Um-Syiem Football Club 3-1 The prize money was T.15,000 and the runner-up received Rs.10,0
J Lalsailova, General Secretary of the MPF, said that a letter of request has been sent to the CEC through the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Ashwani Kumar.
Shillong, Lber : The Superintendent of Police (SSP) Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on the 8th of this month, police have found the body of an unidentified person lying lyngktar on the footpath of Shillong. The body was shifted to the morgue of the Civil Hospital Shillong for postmortem. bad ban come received.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on November 21 urged the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to immediately arrange for the examination venue for the CSIR NET. In a letter to Sangma, KSU Education Cell Chairman Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet said, “KSU Education Cell requests for immediate action on this issue and to use its powers to resolve with the relevant authorities. to encourage them to arrange for the examination venues (by the National Testing Agency (NTA) for the CSIR NET as this will start from 26-28 November
In a statement, the ANVC(B) said it wants to maintain peace and development in the region as the violation of soskular will undermine the hopes of the people for peace. .
Shillong, Nailar 30: The KHADC with the support of the Hima Mylliem today implemented CCTV cameras and PA System.
He began preaching 28 years before Mr. Harris did.
They also met with the Executive Engineer of MePDCL Nongstoin Division and urged him to relocate these posts.
Shillong, Nailur : Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Friday announced a scheme for the construction of roads in Mawlai worth T.6 crore.
On this occasion, we once again express our deep sorrow over the loss of such a man who is a good example for all generations,” said Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Ki Nongsynshar Ka. Ri Hynniewtrep, Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, and former office bearer of Dorbar Dong Main & Upland Road, Laitumkhrah.
In this regard, I urge and urge everyone not to spoil this language by mixing it with other sounds/sentences of other Khasi words or sentences such as the following examples. :-(i) Instead of saying “your house/jain/kper etc.la jong” which is the correct word in the Sohra language, it has been replaced because many now say “ house /clothes/ garden etc." yourself and yourself.
According to Section 158 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, it is explained in what manner the candidates should get back the money, whether T.5,000 or T.10,000, after the election.
A mother who has lost her children should think and be careful not to have a father because most of the time rape happens between the father and the child.
The residents have expressed their deep concern over the turning of the road into a garbage dump by the drivers especially the drivers.
However, we must not judge and look at the development and performance of the male race compared to the male race.
The Special Judge has issued an order on 19th July, 2021 to sentence him to imprisonment for up to three years.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Bah Pynshai said that during the meeting with the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh promised to provide assistance for the team to travel to Thailand. He said that the Chief Minister has also made it clear that he will provide assistance and has also asked for the bank details such as account numbers to send the donation for the group. I am the face of the state.
With this match, Senegal are now in the same position as Japan in Group H. In another match, Japan beat Columbia 2-1
Speeches were delivered by Chairman JCCRP Sambormi Lyngdoh, President EJNC, Heiboimi Myrphet of JSM, Kolmen Pohshna Adviser of SWCWJ, STIE Tongper. , Treibor Suchen (GS-JSU), Damonmi Dkhar, Head of Nartiang Modop Village and others.
However, even if the Governor does not agree with what the Government recommends, he cannot take what he wants, according to these principles of the Act, as mentioned above.
Replying to a detailed discussion by Charles Marngar, Mawhati MLA, Mayralborn Syiem, Nongpoh MLA and Nongkrem MLA, Conrad gave an example that in the border areas of the West. Khasi Hills and Assam in the 2011 Report, included about 22 villages in conflict, but when visiting these areas, about 22 villages came out to express that they too want to remain in conflict. Meghalaya.
“We are confident that the presence of a talented player like Eugeneson will be of great benefit to the players and the coaching staff,” said Secretary General Dr Shaji Prabhakaran.
The news of the arrest by these five persons, is after they have covered him well in such a way that he will fall ill and that is that there were two of these five persons, They invited the old man to come to Nongpoh, pretending to meet him to pay the remaining money, so when the old man arrived in Nongpoh, these young men along with the Members of the HYC have arrested him and handed him over to the Nongpoh Police Station.
Police are conducting further investigation to find out the facts.
All that remains is for us the citizens to support him and to protest against such incidents where the Government Police Department has been involved in extra judicial killings.
Even if it is for the Fifth Schedule, the principle will remain the same,” he said.
We who work in the health department, How painful it is to look at those who are sleeping, Difficulty to ring and breathe, There are no words to say and comfort.
All India Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Benerjee in an interview with the media on November 13, promised that if the TMC comes to power, she will take action to resolve the issues of the people. they have not been there for many years.
On the other hand, the DC of EKH, Matsiewdor War, has written to the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtynger to send police to the office to provide protection in case of incident. There shall be no more trouble in the days to come.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Dr Aman War, Director of Health and Services (MI) on Tuesday said that prevention is the most important thing to have a healthy body.
I also praise the Creator, Who made you; It is my duty to protect you.
“The injured are in critical condition and need to be sent to NEIGRIMHS Hospital for treatment, according to the doctor yesterday, when he visited them at the hospital”.
After receiving a tip on the smuggling of Hati bones, officers of the Custom (Preventive) HQ Shillong rushed to Biswanath Chariali in Assam and arrested one of them. Four Asian Elephant (Elephas maximus) tusks weighing 27,992 kilos were seized from the police station.
Bah Shakliar said that as the Minister in charge of the department, he has a goal to promote sports in the state by distributing awards and through the improvement of sports facilities. others that the players need.
The distribution of minority scholarships to school children has shown to be the most common corruption in India, where 53 percent of these schools are registered.
Shah said that after 2004, after a consultation on disaster prevention in the country, a responsible approach was introduced at the central and state levels. .
Shillong: Contract teachers, on Tuesday, gathered in front of the monument near the Civil Hospital, to protest against the government's silence on the strike. which has been going on for about 2 weeks now.
“The purpose of the Revenue Department of the State Government to introduce this Act is to curb the vacancies that already exist in the State according to the law,” he added.
Speaking to reporters, the Joint Director of Shillong Civil Hospital, Dr L Sawian, said that the proceeds from the slip fee go to the Hospital Management Society in charge of the hospital.
The protest was held after the Union did not have time to contact the authorities to convey their demands.
However, it was said that drivers have been appointed in these buses, because as it is known, it is better to have a driver than a bus or a vehicle to run without a driver.
Rule 9 of the Rule states that every weighbridge including a private weighbridge approved by the Government shall have an Enforcement Inspector to inspect and ensure that no vehicle carries the border. according to the figures set by the authorities under the rules from time to time and those who violate the rules will be fined under Section 194 of the Motor Vehicles Act.
However, in addition to cleaning the river, our team also cleans the areas within the villages where the residents have turned them into garbage dumps.
The police have urged the shopkeepers to install CCTV cameras in their shops , he said after the incident in Motphran many shops have now started to install CCTV cameras in their shops.
He said that the election of leaders should look at economic development, coexistence and impartiality on religion, culture, ethnicity and so on.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has stopped issuing 2,000 tyngka notes for the 2019-20 fiscal year because banks no longer want to use 2,000 tyngka notes. .
l The Meghalaya Age Experimental Center will be constructed at Mawmluh, Sohra at a cost of Rs 150 crore.
Khlur said that Union Ministers have come from time to time to the state to see what the government is doing and its activities, but in their view he said that The State Government has not implemented properly the schemes or funds allocated by the Central Government for the people of this area.
Police arrested the man who came to help.
Shillong beat Sohryngkham Taxi Association 3-1
Other decisions taken include:.
The Gram Sevaks are employees outside the BDO's Office who have to inspect the implementation of the scheme on a daily basis and it is their duty to do all the work together with the Chairman and Secretary of the VEC. phewse you didn't say that.
From the start of the game, Umrynjah had many chances and it was in the 23rd minute that Malvern scored the first goal in the 23rd minute.
The goal of this further borrowing authorization to bring about reforms in the power sector should be to improve the efficiency and profitability of the power sector and the promotion of paid electricity consumption.
Dr Warjri expects the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take action against the arrears of doctors, which have been pending since July 2016. This work, which the doctors have to protest strongly.
At Smit Square, a 1210 truck with a JCB with nar tires fell on it.
On this occasion, we once again express our deep sorrow over the loss of such a man who was a good example for all generations.
The blood-like colour, which is like blood, first covered the eastern part of the country and then covered the whole country with this bloody colour.
The UDP also demanded that the state government should take action against the Assam government and not just listen and watch because this is no longer a surprise but it has been happening from time to time. for.
The Minister of State inaugurated the Youth Education Department after the USTM through the IA Ayurvedic Medical College this year started receiving students who come to train themselves at the IA Ayurvedic Medical College. the department of education.
There are 1843 villages in the state which have not yet received electricity and 2949 villages are in the process of getting electricity after the completion of the works, the government said.
There will be constituencies which have been considered as clear but they will show by their actions that they are still stupid and backward in their thinking.
Shillong, July 06: The protests against the resignation of the Prime Minister, Mukul Sangma, have prompted him to take a tougher stance against those who oppose him and soon he will replace him. the ministerial office of some ministers by the removal and appointment of others.
The shop started from Motphran Bridge and was moved to the taxi rank in Jaïaw and now to Umsohsun.
The residents of Mawkynrew constituency said that Bah Paidang together with his supporters have decided that he should no longer contest from the Congress party in the MLA election. The HSPDP has appealed to Bah Paidang to contest from the party in the 2018 MLA elections.
May this day of the 5th of July be an educational day for everyone from the young to the old.
Sarma also requested Sangma to ensure that the movement of essential goods will not be disrupted through the curfew in Meghalaya. standing and also the movement of goods during these days of curfew.
“In the past 20 years, there have been many incidents within the KHNAM family, in which this explanation will be to enlighten the people and also the leaders of the KHNAM especially u Bah Saibon and others,” he said.
Of the twenty-five verses in the letter of James, nine are found in the second letter of Peter.
There are 48,815 non-Naga traders who earn Rs 450.60 crore per annum.
Biolynda has already contested the Mawthadraishan MLA election this year but was defeated by UDP candidate HB Nongsiej while LG Nongsiej has joined the HSPDP. He has been with the PDF and is still an MDC.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has strongly opposed the proposal to change the name of India to 'Bharat' and has urged that no change should be made to the Constitution of the country. honor them that made them.
Many of us have forgotten to use the Nognthawaiñ language and we have always said it by the leaders, and it has been very stingy and it has happened.
This section will be a way to bring relief and assistance to the people of the area especially during urgent needs or even during the bank closure.
He said that it is necessary, therefore, to find ways and means to clean up immediately and then to clean up later.
The candidates from Lum Garo are FW Momin from Mendipathar, Resubelpara from TD Sangma, Songsak from Resubelpara, Nihim D Shira from Williamnagar, Marcuise N Marak from Williamnagar, Benedict Marak from Raksamgre and Phulbari from Phulbari. , Dr. Mizanur Kazi from Rajabala, FCA Sangma from Selsella, James K Sangma from Dadengre, Thomas A Sangma from North Tura, Agatha K Sangma (former MP) from Salmanpara and Ian Botham Sangma from Salmanpara. Siju and Friend Sangma.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of Schools and Education (MBOSE) today announced the results of Class 12 Arts examination. The second prize went to the Khasi student of Auxilium Higher Secondary School, Nongthymmai, Shillong.
" At the same time, there is a rule that the winner can rejoice, shout, laugh, praise and blame, but he cannot overdo the words of proverbs and overdo the boundaries of morality. person.
Meanwhile, in the second semi final of the Upper Division Football Tournament, Pamtbuh SC beat Syndai Kmaishnong 5-4
I realized that they were people who did not read the Bible.
Shillong, July 11: Two children who were killed in a fire in a house in Mawbah on Tuesday evening have died, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. I am not from this world.
The scheme, implemented by the National Health Authority (NHA), provides up to T.5 lakh to 12 crore households for treatment.
He said that this tournament is one of the biggest sports tournaments held in the state.
He said that the high risk contacts of these people from Amlarem and Khliehriat, will be very many, as they are market vendors and once they are found, the spread of this will be known. The disease in these two districts of Jaintia Hills.
The seminar and meeting will start at 10 pm and at 1:30 pm, there will be a speech on the strength of the party.
Police said that Sohan did not want to release Champion from jail because he had already had an agreement with Jerome to appoint him as Chairman.
It is to be recalled that the KSU has already conducted this tournament in the 2021-2022 season in which 32 teams from all 7 districts of Ri Khasi have participated.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the MDA 2.0 government will complete the works started by the MDA 1.0 government.
Demanding the government to expedite the release of the coal trade, Stodar said that at present, the coal trade has reached 1.60 lakh metric tonnes. , Beltoli and Shella, the amount of coal mined has reached 40 lakh metric tonnes.
Regarding the vaccination, the department said that all healthy animals including calves over 4 months or more, within 5 kilometers of the area should be vaccinated to prevent the spread of the disease. at skin.
Rs.109 crore is expected to be spent.
• Failure to vaccinate more than 35 crore children under 15 years of age for measles and rubella.
“We understand the challenges of corruption which the people have discussed and faced in these days and it is therefore for us to remove this to give trust and service to the people in a clean “, said the Prime Minister.
U Bah Alfred said that he has treated many people who have been burnt by fire and three of them, including this child, have been burnt by electricity, but he doesn't charge, because it is not his job. im ja, but many who were treated by him gave as much as they could.
They also said that the reason for the decline in agriculture is due to the lack of water.
I want to be informed for Massey Ferguson tractor.
Since 2017, the insurgency, especially in Garo Hills, has increased slowly.
This is the first time that Dior has been able to hold a calendar show in India in which Bollywood stars and models from the country have been able to take part.
The 1.5 crore Bengalis living in the area have existed since before the partition of Assam and before the coming of the British Government.
Therefore, such people should be avoided and he appealed to all school principals not to use the songs of political parties in schools.
At the same time, he said, “Out of the 54 Himas, only three Himas have been completed”.
Bouncers Association of Meghalaya, school children from Malki and family members of Bah Harpish Nongbri.
On the other hand, the Secretary, W.Bamon, said that the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang has decided to hold this Common Platform. village.
Nicky P Nengnong (35) and Kampher Ryngksai (70) scored the goals.
In 2022, Ms. Phanbuh has connected with poets through the media, through the technology, the power of today, which is known as the 'Passion of Poetry' , Sparkling Quill, Pen Wonders International, International Poetry Groups and others.
In India, some of the cities where the films will be screened are Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru, Udaipur, Guwahati, Patna, Indore, Ranchi and four cities in Kerala. The exhibition will include the UK, Malaysia, Ireland, Italy, Australia, Thailand, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and China.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has announced that Bah Paul Lyngdoh will be the MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. make the final decision.
I am writing this while I am sleeping at NEIGRIHMS hospital for treatment.
For this reason, there have been many cases where they have been accused of menaiksuid and may have been bombed to death.
The residents said that they cannot sleep because they have to look after and take care of the boats in case they are drowned.
“Therefore, when our leaders meet with the people, many of them express that they want the Congress to come back.
It is suspected that someone has burnt down and taken advantage of the market as it is not a market day.
This disease is very common in these mountainous areas and one of the main causes of this disease is the prevalence of smoking and other bad habits of alcohol, excessive consumption of alcohol. and others.
There are some villages in the area where the people have come out to protest against MeECL and it is said that there are many youths who have come out to protest against the lack of electricity by MeECL. and this has put pressure on the village authorities.
“Thank you,” said Kynsai.
The union had planned to celebrate it on the 3rd of this month but as it is the school holiday and it coincides with the school holiday, the union has joined today as it is a holiday. “Easter Monday” is a sign of donating to the children, said Bah Donbok.
The Factory Department will not allow the installation of gates inside the Industrial Area whether they belong to KHADC, Hima or Village but those outside the Industrial Area will not be allowed to say anything.
“Therefore, we are stingy in this regard but the money has to be paid in installments or gradually up to 20 times,” said Mondal. 100 Crore and now there is an option to lower the interest rate as well.
Because the promise is not only to the Apostles but even today the Spirit is moving as the waters covered the sea.
The tournament will last for three days.
The new building, constructed at a cost of T.45 crore, has a hall, rooms for lawyers and other facilities.
The U-23 Inter District Cricket Tournament has been divided into two groups, Group A and B. Shillong Cricket Association (A), Shillong Cricket Association (B), East Khasi Hills Cricket Association, East Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association, All Jaintia District Cricket Association and Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association.
Furthermore, the KSU urged the people to cooperate with the State Government and the KSU to fight against drugs and not to be afraid when good things and changes come.
First of all, the roads are bad.
The meeting was conducted by the Dy.SP (Crime), MPS and was attended by the Waheh Shnong Barato, the elders of Barato, Stelin Lamare and others. of.
The KSU and other political parties don't know whether they have seen the number of offices in the New Shillong area and whether they have thought about what will happen after 5,10 lane. 15 years ahead and if they don't see what's coming, they should have thought that getting this land of the new Khasi, will become a place of cleanliness and peace and harmony. become Police Bazaar, Polo or other villages in the city.
Shillong: The Meteorological Department of India has announced heavy rainfall in the next three days, including on the 23rd, 24th, 25th, 26th and 27th of this month. January 2021.
The concert will feature two world famous guitarists, Matt Bacon from the USA and Padet Netpakdee from Thailand.
Has the JHADC taken action against the death of Dohkha and the change of color of the water in the river?  All these show that the Forest Department of JHADC headed by the Chief Forest Officer (CFO) Phrangki Blah, has a terrible corruption within the JYF. this department.
The NPP has also celebrated the 11th Anniversary of the National People's Party (NPP) since its foundation by Late PA Sangma.
They also said that they pay T.20 per month to the Shillong Municipal Board. These people who collect this money from these vendors claim to be employees of the Municipal Board. For the cleaning of the shops but now for two months since they did not go to the shops the garbage has come out as well and this is due to the actions of the big shops which throw garbage in the shops their dwelling place.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 07: HSPDP Mawthadraishan Constituency President Damian L. Marshiangbai, Assistant Organizing Secretary Rowel Rani, Joint Secretary, Executive Members including Nassar Nongsiej , Bah R.Lawryniang and many other leaders and supporters of the party from Mawthadraishan, have decided to leave the party which they have been with for many years since before they got the Mawthadraishan Constituency.
“This issue is very important to be resolved as soon as possible because it has been like this for a long time and it has been stalled until these days,” said Bah AL Hek.
Also present on the occasion were the SDPO of Sohra, Ian Onel Swer, the ADM from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Alex Mukhim.
The Committee in a statement through IW Ingty, IAS, Member Secretary SLPGC, Meghalaya Government said that it has discussed many issues related to the problems faced by the people and after careful discussion it has decided that the The SLPGC will write to the Government to give more responsibility and powers to the Committee so that the SLPGC can become an authority that can assist the Government in dealing with the issues of the people.
The Constitution of India gives the citizens the fundamental right not to be discriminated against and to have equality in access to opportunity and to be protected from discrimination. illegal attack and to be based on a religious belief that believes and teaches that rights develop the nation and the country, which is the best policy.
Shillong: The State Government has recently announced that Defense Minister Amit Shah will visit Shillong on the 17th of November The Ministers of the State Government have not yet confirmed whether the state political parties will have the opportunity to meet with Amit Shah to discuss the Inner Liner Permit (ILP) and other issues.
The family runs a food shop and a plywood shop in the same village.
Kenneth Shadap said that the Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment of India Ram Das Athawale has written a letter to the Chief Minister to invite him to speak. These teachers were immediately arrested but that too did not reach anywhere.
Christian brothers and sisters, on the other hand, snap kynsha from across the sea to forget their origins, while the skin colour, face and thoughts are still national in all respects.
Research and collection of information tells me that it is a fact that Yoga exercises are a cure for the inability to move the neck and release other types of legs.
These packages belong to Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, where the road has been badly damaged.
Besides Meghalaya, Assam has also received heavy rains and many places have been flooded especially the Brahmaputra and Jia Bharali rivers.
Hr.SS beat Sacred Heart Hr.SS 10-0, Nonglwai SC beat Nongstoiñ SS&CC 3-0 goals. St. Xavier's SS beat St. Xavier's SS 7-0 and Nongstoiñ SS&CC beat Sacred Heart 7-0
The residents of Kongthong village under the leadership of Sordar Bah Teibor Lynrah and Bah Rothel Khongsit welcomed the guests in front of the AMRIT Mahotsav Gate. and the sound of the trumpet.
He said the party will continue to follow up on the schemes implemented by the NDA government for the state including JJM, Saubhagya, PMGSY, roads and water supply.
According to him, “As of now, the residents are already in danger”.
RKSF President Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh said that during the meeting, they handed over a petition to the Minister expressing that the government will take action regarding the border areas. The government should also look after the development of roads, water supply, electricity and education.
Shullai further criticized the TMC for ignoring the BJP's successful working methods.
To this day, the stones that surround the highway in Nasr, the capital of eastern Egypt, remain standing, showing that this is a sign of the conflict between military and civilian authorities.
Shillong, Lber 08: The state government has benefited up to T.2.779 crore from companies from corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. the welfare of society.
The allowance of non-tribals to mine coal through an agreement is against the land tenure customs in Hynniewtrep, is against the spirit of the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Act and will pave the way for illegal trade between tribals and non-tribals in Meghalaya.
The winners also received cash prizes of T.20,000/-, T.15,000/- and T.10,000/- along with prizes and trophies.
Guwahati: There have been 2,112 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 38,4
Four candidates have been prepared to contest from Shella constituency in the 2018 MLA elections. They are Dr. Donkupar Roy of the UDP, Jropsing Nongkhlaw of the BJP; Wellborn Bynnud is an independent candidate and Leston Wanswett is an independent candidate. However, if Leston does not contest from the Congress party, it is understood that the party will also contest.
The final registration of nominations will be on 7th June 2019 and the scrutiny of nominations will be on 8th June 2019 and the withdrawal of nominations will be on 9th June
What is cleanliness? We are not talking about the body, but about the soul.
That is why the party has not wanted to make any comments that could lead to political activity in this regard.
The two candidates include UDP candidate Polestar Nongsiej and TMC candidate Macmillan Kharbani. They will contest the election in Nongstoiñ.
Regarding the age of the contestants, 134 candidates were between 25 and 40 years old, 215 were between 41 and 60 years old while 26 were between 61 and 80 years old.
He said that if the government cannot do so, the Union will take a decision to strengthen the villagers to patrol Mawlasnai.
The President and Secretary of the Sein Raij Ialong said that on this day, it is strictly prohibited to sell Kyiad or any intoxicating beverages.
NPYF Spokesperson Bajop Pyngrope said that Ma Sniawbhalang is a skilled politician and has a PhD in politics as he has won three terms. he will return to power.
He said that besides the Khasi living on the border do not get food from Assam like other ethnic groups like Karbi Nepalis get from Assam, but if these Khasi face difficulties even to get food from Meghalaya, It has angered the party and especially at such a time when there are many Khasi who are suffering.
The match between Aiba FC and Teer Counter FC was played at Urkaliar Stadium on the 2nd of November.
If you are interested, please visit the website www.joinindianarmy.
On the other hand, the Apex Bank has already lodged a complaint with the Sardar Thanat against the false rumors that the Apex Bank will also lose money like Yes Bank.
On October 27, 2013, two persons were allegedly bombed to death by unidentified robbers in Ichamati, Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
Shillong: An Alto 800 (ML05 N 6626) carrying food items collided with a well at Happy Valley, Madanriting at about 11:30 pm.
According to the report, the average income from small vehicles is about T.1 lakh per day and from each heavy bus is about T.2200 per day.
"“We see that the comments are unfounded and unfair and irresponsible and this is a misuse of the media so that they can stir up and incite the people of other states against them. religious organizations and the indigenous peoples of our state,” said Bah Paul.
According to reports from time to time, Meghalaya is lagging behind among the North Eastern states in terms of education.
Katrok should not be covered with tarpaulin while carrying coal.
“We will take up this issue with the Central Government as well as the Assam and Meghalaya governments to ensure that the people living on the border are safe and live in fear and poverty,” he said. talk to the media.
We urge the political parties to restrain their members to avoid any tragic incident.
If you have any questions, please text
Unfortunately, many teachers especially in rural schools have not received any training.
You are polite and respectful.
A total of 21,430 people have recovered from the disease in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of recoveries to 97,61,5
We see the government's announcement to improve the road from Mawphlang to Mawsynram, we hope that this initiative will fulfill the wishes of the people of the area who have been talking about it from time to time. There is a need to improve and improve this road.
"She also replied. After that they left to go home... It was then that Rida was surprised from her sleep because a snake came on her bed.
The disease has claimed more than 1000 lives in India alone and thousands of others are currently undergoing treatment.
Against Australia, India didn't play well from the start; Sai Pratheek and Tanisha Crasto lost 21-17, 14-21 and 18-21 to Kenneth Zhe, Hooi Choo and Gronya Somerville.
Noting that the death of pigs is every day, he said that the Nongthliew area is dependent on agriculture and livestock farming is also to help in agriculture.
“Vehicles and two wheelers which used to install sound systems produce unbearable noise, for that reason the residents themselves have informed this and the department has taken action. this is it.
If it cannot do so, it will wait until it happens again like in Langpih in the past years and in Mukroh recently, until the CM of Assam has admitted that Mukroh falls under the “It's the border of Assam,” said Bah Chandra Nongkhar.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA of Jirang congratulated the people and the state government for opening this health center for the benefit of the people. the population of 10 villages in the disease.
He hoped that the Khasi would continue to live in peace because of the conflict between the two ethnic groups and that the situation would improve as the days went by.
Anything that affects the customs in society is the reason for the people to challenge the authority of the government by law, and no one should allow it to be a personal or family matter.
He said that the fight against corruption is not an issue to win elections in Jaintia Hills, there is no election but it was fought because the party has stood against corruption.
On the second day, 96 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1409 in the state.
During the search, police recovered heroin worth Rs 75 lakh, a motorcycle and two mobile phones.
On the other hand, the President of MEMRIWU, Bah Roipar Kharaswai, expressed his satisfaction that the demand has finally been met.
After the match, the match was taken to penalty shootout and it was here that the Hungarian Union beat Lakadong Umlatdoh SC 4-3
God's Word has spoken truth even when changes come in heaven and on earth.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has informed the Minister of DoNER that the tourist attractions in the state have started to increase in number of tourists from all over the country.
We should be proud of our friends from Garo Hills who have taken action against corruption in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and who have lodged a complaint with the Lok Ayukta.
Shillong, June 01: Three districts of Meghalaya including East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills have received special priority under the Mission Indradhanush of the Central Government. injecting all unclaimed slots for children before 2020.
Nongpoh: A youth named Donboklang Laloo from Banbudai village in Ri Bhoi District has died shortly after he was buried in the ground, which suddenly collapsed while he was with his friends. They were still lying on the ground near the river near the village.
After that, the government should immediately abolish all taxes on petrol.
The health and well-being of mothers, children and adolescents is critical for sustainable economic development around the world.
The video of a BJP member being shot dead angered BJP members who set fire to the CPIM office in Bishalgarh. Sepahila district.
The OC of Mawngap Outpost, Bah Shabong, who visited the scene, said that according to the owners of the house, there was an electrical fault and the fire started at the meter box. According to the owners of the house, the total damage has reached T.5 lakh.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Sanyukt Kisan Morcha, a group of 40 farmers' organizations, who have gathered on the border of Delhi to protest against the Indian government's Farm Act.
I was surprised to see the result which was announced that I got low.
Shillong, June 25: Thirteen political parties have prepared well on the issues they need to discuss on the 29th of June, the day the state government has called them to discuss the laws to curb the entry of This state is not included in the state.
The passing away of Bah Sameer is indeed a great loss to the group of journalists in the state, which in the past few years, has suddenly lost 100 journalists. elderly or those who have reached the highest level of journalism, have passed away from this page of the world.
The Meghalaya Traditional Healing Clinic (MTHC) is under the jurisdiction of the Ri Bhoi Traditional Healers Association (RBTHA).
East Khasi Hills District, East Jaintia Hills District and Ribhoi District are the districts in the state which have been prominent in the seizure of drugs and the arrest of drug traffickers.
The Leader of the Opposition of AITC Mukul Sangma in an interview with the media has criticized the Government's decision to send a complaint to Defense Minister Amit Shah to investigate the CBI or NIA. incident in Mukroh.
The most exciting match was played in Mawkyrwat where the struggle for the final was between the top teams.
Memorial Higher Secondary School, Joel Gatphoh Memorial Secondary School and Christ Deciple's Girls Secondary School will qualify for the semi finals of the tournament.
Lindsay did not agree, but he earned a lot of money through the seizure of the par mawshun from the Syiem Khasi.
“Political office should not last for five years in the constituency and now we will work together without listening to anyone's allegations,” he said, adding that the 11,789 votes he received in the election Recently, he said that it is through the love and trust of the people and from now on to work with him and the leaders for the MLA schemes. but only three large public meetings ended the opposition.
Had it not been for the timely information received by the police, the robbers would have escaped from the high-security prison.
Therefore, the HYC has made it clear that as it has said from the beginning, the HYC will be with the Hima Nonglang whether it goes to court or in any struggle.
Before 1980, people used to go to the forests to harvest synsar without cultivating it because it grows in the forests, but after 1980, the cultivation of synsar started and this is the beginning. from Pynursla Block and Mawsynram Block and now it has reached the whole state.
Former Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has been undergoing treatment at AIIMS since the 9th of this month and is said to be in critical condition, although he is out of danger, the report said.
“If the family members want the government to stop the search for the bodies of the coal miners in Ksan, we will have to appeal to the Supreme Court because this case has been pending before the Supreme Court. "I'm sorry," said Bah Kyrmen.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills District, BD Marak, who was also the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the All Jaintia Open Boxing Championship 2023, has started today. The event will be held on the 24th of October and will end tomorrow on the 25th of October.
The MLA or Member of the Legislative Assembly has certain duties which the electorate should know before electing an MLA from among many candidates.
The death toll in China has risen to 2,715 with 80,000 new cases.
He said that in the game there are winners and losers but they should not lose heart but they should continue the spirit of playing so that one day they can become winners.
However, the government needs to discuss this issue clearly in the State Legislative Assembly before taking this decision,” said a government statement. district last Saturday.
At this meeting, there was no arrangement to elect a new Speaker; following the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy, former Speaker of the House, on 28th November
You don't have to play chess anymore.
Mawphlang is currently led by Kennedy C Khyriem of the Congress who defeated JA Lyngdoh of the UDP in
I will speak to you at another time.
Finally, Bah Shaniahlang urged and requested all the people of Khasi Jaintia and all the 36 MLAs to unite without pointing fingers at each other and to think especially for the future of the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has alleged that it accepts only textbooks written by non-Khasis in schools. .
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Kynpham V.Kharlyngdoh, elders, office bearers of Seng Khasi Nonglang, parents, children and dancers. men and women including up to 352 men and women in bright clothes.
Ashwani Kumar was the Director of the CBI when the CBI arrested Amit Shah in connection with the murder of Sohrabuddin Sheikh. Gujarat.
Profit Margins-A farmer who produces agricultural products such as biscuits, cucumbers, sohsaw before selling them to the market should calculate all the costs from seed costs, fertilizer costs. , the pesticides used, the wages of the workers and the owners, as well as the fare of the vehicle from the field to the market and so on to know whether the price I want to sell makes you profit or lose.
“This is the first time that we have received a heavy rainfall this year and we pray that God will not allow such damage to happen again,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. PWD has decided to repair all the damaged roads and bridges and the preparation of estimates by the engineers is ongoing.
Jowai, July 6: U Minister of Forests, Prestone Tynsong, today inaugurated the newest tree planting center in the state at Rymbai village in East Jaintia Hills District. .
The mother of the abducted girl, Asha Devi, said, “Now I am shocked. and she said that her daughter too would receive eternal rest in her death.
The injured include Jagat Gogoi and Puspa Gogoi.
Besides, Executive Members including Daisily Thangkhiew, Saphira Marbaniang, Philip R Susngi, Philip K Shati, Jennyca FBlah, Rijiedlang Kharsyad, Arkin H Kharwanlang and Jonathan M Thangkhiew were also elected.
In reply to Babu Joab Solomon's letter dated 26 June 1923, Sadhu Sundar Singh expressed his desire to visit the Khasi Hills and wrote, “Brothers and sisters in the Lord, I thank you for your letter sent on June
Kyrmen said this while celebrating the 58th Teachers' Day at Khliehriat West Community Hall.
In the midst of the darkness and surprise I met Babu Albert Lyngwa, who taught me in High School before, from Mawphlang and who has now settled in Nongkyna.
The President of the Sengkur said that the Sengkur led by the President, Vice President and others have immediately gone to console the parents of the child since Saturday night and Sunday. God.
“The events you see in the newspapers that have appeared almost every day show and show that it will inevitably be the cause?" replied the father.
In addition, 12 beneficiaries have received donations and two others have received UDID cards.
In his speech, Raswai said that it is difficult for him to win the election from Ranikor and it is understood that he intends to try from other constituencies.
The winners of this competition are as follows: 1st Phidahun Nongrum School (Class X), 2nd Adrielia Kharsati, 3rd Na ilabha O.Kharkongor, St.Paul HS School (Class XI).
He has made his first appearance for NorthEast United since the 2018-19 ISL season. Gurmeet Singh's first appearance in the country will make him play well in these tournaments.
Shaikupar Rymmai, the owner of the vehicle, said that at 6 pm, he parked the Bolero in the name of Kong KL Nonglait in front of the house along the road.
In another development, the Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) has strongly condemned the statement of Bah Field Marshal Mawphniang on the plan to march the Rangbah Shnongs to the Secretariat tomorrow. achieve demand issues.
She rejoiced in her heart and quickly hurried her feet home.
However, the NRC itself should be fully implemented in all parts of the country, said Himanta Biswa Sharma.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah K.L.Lyngdoh, President of Leh Isynei Lem, expressed his gratitude to be with them as a family at this time and congratulated them all. The members who came together to express their condolences as a sign of condolences on this incident.
Speaking on Friday, the BJP MLA said that the allegation by Bah Ronnie that he does not speak in the Assembly is not true, and added that one of the reasons why he does not speak now is that he has in the Government, but he said that he has been in the House even in the recently concluded Budget Session.
Earlier, the UDP Youth Wing Mawkynrew had honored the mother of the youth, Kong R Kharmudai before awarding the gold medal.
Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital has been exposed for misuse of funds by the Medical Superintendent of the Presbyterian Church through an RTI application by some youths of the Presbyterian Church. Dr David Tariang Hospital and KT Rynjah Hospital.
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court has ordered three companies to sell test kits from China at T.400 each and not to sell them. at a price of T.600, as it is today and according to the price approved by the Indian Council of Medical Research.
Speaking on the occasion, u Conrad Kongkal Sangma said, “We are very pleased that we have been able to fulfill your long standing wish, the unpaid teachers from the Government, by which has taken the necessary measures to hire you as teachers to receive payment from the Government to provide many benefits in the future.
He said that when he talks about the investigation he speaks according to what the investigation team has found, while Kong Patricia makes unfounded accusations by not reading it.
I would like to thank the Balang Salonsar for being the true Baang of the country which has preserved the good customs and traditions of the Jaitbynriew and its Jaispong has fully preserved the customs and traditions of the Jaitbynriew in the Bri u Hynniewtrep. and he shows that he is indeed the Langdoh-the Sohblei and the priest, the Nongkhriam, the Snengsneng, the Nongkraw and who holds the power and authority according to the thought of the ancestors.
This was announced by Bah Sunshine Warjri, Chairman of the Seng Kur Warjri at a press conference where he requested all the parakurs from all over the Bri Hynniewtrep to attend the event.
Perhaps we need to change that personality.
He said it would be difficult for the company to increase salaries by 100% and 30% annually.
When you meet the children who are lighter, then the destruction comes and goes.
The relevant authorities have also sent a police team to search for the prisoner who escaped from the hospital. The police have also requested the public to inform the police if they find or see this prisoner so that they can arrest him and take action according to the rules of law. Ri Bhoi Police Station.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 74232 and out of these 70127 have recovered and 1285 have died.
According to reports, 20 Iranian schoolchildren on Tuesday fell ill after breathing in the smoke.
I thought to myself, do we think about society? At the beginning of 2020, we used to expect that it would be all right, but, as someone says, “Think of the good, prepare for the worst”.
Nongpoh: The National People's Party (NPP) today announced its MDC candidate for Umsning Constituency. , today met with Bah Donlang Sohklet, who is one of the candidates for the NPP ticket from Umsning for the MDC election
The District Social Welfare Officer Ri Bhoi together with the District Sports Officer, on the morning of July 26 at 6:30 pm, held a 5 km marathon from Saiden to NSCA Indoor Stadium Hall Nongpoh.
The tower of Reliance Jio in Dadenggre Block also collapsed. 24 houses were destroyed in Edenbari village near Tura, while 12 houses were destroyed in Edenbari village near Tura. Dura Songma and Rongandi.
After the death of David Scot in 1831, the struggle continued under the leadership of Sir Lord Robertson who succeeded him. lasted and not suffered.
In the men's category, Wolbetstar Ramsiej of Mawkyrwat and Ishwor Nepali of Shillong won the second prize.
Looking back at the Christmas market, it has decreased compared to the months of previous years, due to the large number of people who came to the market during this month. In the past few months, they came only to see and photograph the beauty and not to buy.
Deibormi Rangad of Lion Sports & Youth Affairs took four wickets in seven overs, Peterson Lamare took two wickets in 5.2 overs and Firstborn-son Dkhar took two wickets in three overs.
Regarding the Wahkaji Road, the youth said that we as the residents of the area want it very much, and we cannot lose this road. the road that is the source of education, health, and income.
Shillong, November 22: After the resignation of two MDCs from the KHADC, it was learned that two more MDCs will resign today.
To cope with these challenges, children need to divide their time between study and play.
He alleged that the BJP's goal to cooperate with other parties like the NPP is because they want to get 370 MPs to amend the Constitution to abolish the freedom of worship in the country. and they wanted to declare India a Hindu country.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising KSU, HYC, village leaders, school children and teachers on Saturday protested against the rape of a woman and the birth of a child by her father. in a village under Nartiang Police Station.
“I have never seen the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara and it was at the Monolith Festival that I saw them.
The secretary of the HPC said that the police had summoned him today, but they did not disclose anything about the arrested persons, admitting that it was a case of concern.
JOWAI: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have recovered stolen batteries used in mobile phone towers and arrested six suspects.
It is on this basis that we as the residents have decided to improve the road to reach the valley for the convenience of the tourists,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Mutong, Helping Phawa. u former MDC of Tuber constituency.
He was returned to 'grace'
It is the happiest day because on this day we wear new clothes which we will wear again on Christmas Day and the happiness is also that we get a prize after taking the Bible Examination.
Sngap Sing Syiem was one of the Syiems who was able to preserve the land and the country and the nation.
“I would like to make it clear that the LRO is a party that aims to defame the state by claiming that Meghalaya is a state where the residents are hostile and against others. “People from other ethnic groups will not come to the state,” said Bah Paul.
He acknowledged the need for medical services in the area and encouraged the health workers to start immediately when they are needed.
The Unitarian Church across Khasi Jaintia, Ri Bhoi and Karbi Anglong has celebrated the anniversary of the church by holding a service in churches.
School officials said this is not the first time this has happened but it has happened repeatedly.
"“I met with Bah Sanbor Shullai and I informed him about this and he was very angry about the incident and he didn't say much but he said that it is for these reasons that our party has declined. .
Therefore, it is the duty and responsibility of everyone to care for, improve, protect, preserve, respect and honor it.
The government has received Rs 50,000 from these four persons.
It was after this meeting with the owners that the DC sent his Magistrate to open the locks of the company.
He said that the people of Mairang Constituency in this election will vote for righteousness rather than fraud and will vote for clean governance rather than corruption. 2nd is the day of voting.
