These bar operators should also inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, where they will comply with the rules and regulations. it's enough.
A total of 521 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and seven people have died, bringing the death toll to 1125 in the state on Tuesday.
Therefore, there is an urgent need to explain to the people of Meghalaya why the Tika is needed.
To stand and sit at a distance of up to 6 feet in public places.
Shillong, June 24: A group of students from various universities in Ri Khasi and Jaintia Hills have decided to give 10 months to the government to release the Post Matric Scholarship for the year. 2014-2015 otherwise they will have already staged protests against the state government.
Mukhla Raij will play against Lutituber Ialong on the 30th of this month.
“We had the intention of supervising the workers who cleaned the garbage and supervising them in terms of their daily work.
“The Constitution clearly states that if there is any conflict between the laws of the State Government and the laws of the Central Government, the laws of the Central Government shall stand.
Health Benefits of Motorcycles :Protein in motorcycles is the most complete protein among the foods we get through plants which means that they contain all nine types of amino acids that are essential for the body. the body can never produce it on its own.
Before the baptism of Durga, there was a ritual near the river where a goat was slaughtered and after that the paro was released.
Bisht played well in the match and scored 35 fours and one six.
Jesus also said, “And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.
Shillong, November 29: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will commemorate the 153rd death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah on November 30 at 9 pm at Civil Hospital, Barik. There will also be a wreath laying ceremony at the monument and the unveiling of the flag of the party, according to the General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa.
According to the daughter, Kong Bek was attacked by an unidentified foreigner between 10:00 am and 10:30 pm.
Therefore, Dr Mukul or the MLAs who support this ruling government should think carefully about the future of their children by calling for talks once again with these political parties and to implement the Inner Line immediately. Permit (ILP) in the State, so that we can live in peace and harmony once again,” said the statement.
Therefore, with regret and after a complaint from the residents, the KSU of South West Khasi Hills District has decided to seek more information to understand before taking the necessary action.
We want to see that such things do not happen again.
If you pass only class X or class XII, you are still considered a child.
On this day, despite the heavy rain, the people came to witness the formation of the PDF Zonal Committee Sohiong Constituency, where the office bearers were also appointed.
At the same time, when asked whether the government really intends to upgrade Sohra to district status, Conrad said the government wants to bring about governance and development in Sohra. park near the public, but this will depend on the availability of funds.
“During the elections, they criticized that if Sanbor wins from the BJP, he will ban all the governments. the house of worship, the shopkeeper, he is an opponent of Christianity.
From time to time you will find that your confidence comes from what you say or do.
" (1 Cor 1:31; Ps 37:4).
Referring to the contest of the East Shillong MLA for the MP election only 10 years after she was elected from that constituency, Badwar said he does not agree that after the people have elected her, they shall do another work, this is only for their own gain and for their own fame.
He said it is necessary for the governments of the two countries to discuss this issue in order to end it.
The price for sub-dealers is 76.83 tyngka per liter, for the residents of Nongstoin (Town Area) is 79.83 tyngka per liter and outside Nongstoin is 80.33 tyngka per litre.
"“We have made it clear here that until the government drops all the pending cases or the ceasefire agreement, the HNLC chairman or general secretary cannot take part in the talks. “In fact, we have appointed another vice chairman, Teimiki Laloo, with his oversight,” said the group.
Before the confirmation of the new office bearers of the Youth Wing, speeches were delivered by B. Rani President HSPDP Mawlangsu Zone, Bah DP Wanniang President HSPDP Rimuliang Zone, Bah Josking Mawsor Organizer of HSPDP Nongtrai Area and Bah Josking Mawsor Organizer of HSPDP Nongtrai Area. KP Pangniang, President of the Central Body.
The deadline for submission of applications is July 6, 2023.
At the time of the first Monolith Festival, people from all over the state came to witness the traditional dances, traditional costumes and traditional food. Mawphlang, but since the suspension of the festival, it has started to decline.
The village has a Village Employment Council (VEC) to oversee, review and implement the MNREGS scheme of the Government of India through the Nongstoin Block Development.
One of the problems is that the materials such as wood for making these instruments are only those that are used and suitable for making sound and not made of any kind of wood.
That is why Jesus said, "You will not have finished the gospel in Israel until Jesus himself comes" because of unbelief.
He also congratulated the Mawkadiang SSWCO for organizing this tournament for the purpose of promoting sports in the area and this will also free the youth from getting involved in all kinds of crimes.
A good food can turn into bitterness; A person you truly love can leave you.
This is the first match for Lajong in the Hero 2nd Division I-League 2022-2
Whether they are rich and poor or those who seek the better price, they avoid the Iewduh and its surroundings as soon as the weather catches.
“The organizers of the festival are also ready to invite people from Mawlynnong, Sohra and other places to protest against the implementation of the ILP in the state,” said Bah Bristar.
However, she sustained minor injuries to her hand, according to the report.
Speaking to media, Jambor said that so far there are only two markets under the jurisdiction of the Council, one at Laitlyngkot and one at Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi.
He said that if there are many constituencies who apply for tickets, they have to sit down for a thorough consideration and send it to the District and the State Election Committee for a final decision.
He also suggested to the government to improve the health department in Ri-Bhoi to open new health centers in many places where the people are still suffering and far from health centres, to Ri-Bhoi District is one of the districts which produces many prominent sportsmen even abroad.
The attack came after the Sarva Adivasi Samaj (SAS) launched a protest against the allegation of forced conversion of Adivasis who believe in their traditional religion.
"After sitting for a while, Hep's father and the other elders left to go home.
Now, the question from the coal miners in East Jaintia Hills District is, 'On what basis was this coal seized? Why the seizure? The Superintendent of Police and Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District said that in the absence of any order or public notice to seize the coal, about 50,000 tonnes of coal was seized. where are they going to show? The question is where is the 16 lakh tonnes of coal? And now the people are in darkness that this 16 lakh tonnes of coal is not known where it is.
The height of the hole will depend on the amount of rice.
The Ministry of Coal, through Pralhad Joshi, has issued its order, vide no.
Although the border settlement has progressed, the Assam police are still coming from time to time.
Such people win the election because there is someone who is 'back-up behind him/her' or if not because they have 'Spah'
In a letter to Rajnath Singh, Advani said, “For some time now, I have found it very difficult to work, because many leaders are looking only for their own interests. your own thoughts".
Because people today are against God's law even though they know it is wrong, they don't love and fear God. The time has come and for this reason the righteousness has begun to disappear from us human beings we cannot control or govern ourselves our society has declined to a great extent.
I would like to apologize if this article of mine is incomplete and offends anyone so that you don't feel anything and take this only as a strong advice or suggestion.
The ability of foreign drug traffickers to smuggle drugs into Meghalaya is due to the involvement of local kingpins who earn illegal money to destroy the lives of young minds.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut Constituency as the chief guest and Bah Arkhelius K. Diengngan Secretary Mawshynrut Sport Association as the chief guest. Langumshing A Sport Club, Bah E.Nongsiang, Sordar of Langumshing A and other elders of the area.
Arunachal Pradesh took the lead through three goals from Pungte Lapung (1, 23 min) and Bengia Bosco (68 min) but Sikkim managed to turn the tide with three goals. Sahil Chettry (10 min), Rohit Gurung (42 min), Pravin Rai (82 min) and Crisnawag Sherpa (86, 90 min).
“On the other hand, Willstone Sohshang strongly urged the leaders not to apply for the post of MDC, MLA if you still need IAS officers, and others to ask them whether it is or this law shall be enforced.
Aditya Singh scored 11 runs from 8 balls and Sudhir KR Ray scored 10 runs from 7 balls.
Furthermore, the border dispute has led to the loss of land in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills which has made the Khasi living in those border areas very sad and have had to leave for Assam. and lose the right to land according to the customs and traditions of Assam.
He said it is a great honor for the state to be recognized in the list of the top three states in the country in the list and to receive the ODOP Awards.
“I cannot blame anything because of my personal affairs and no one can know,” said Bah Banteidor, who is also a Minister in the current Meghalaya Government and is the Working President of the party.
Shillong, July 18 : Meghalaya took a 294-run lead in the first innings against Bihar in the two-day Plate Group semifinal of the Ranji Trophy. Plate Group at the Polo Ground on Tuesday.
But the exact date is unknown, because God has not allowed it to be revealed.
Union Minister S Ranjan said the government strongly condemns the actions of the army against the protesters.
Not only that, he was also the first to send his vehicles to distribute news to the district headquarters, Civil Sub Divisions and other market places across the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Paieit N.Puweiñ, an elder of the area, said that the residents of the area have faced many difficulties in coming and going.
The two Deacons who were ordained on the 1st July, 2023 at the grounds of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat are Deacon Aiborlang Nongsiej and Deacon Lamkupar Shangdiar. This day will be marked by a procession of the Priests and Deacons who will be consecrated to the Duwan, in the presence of the family members of these Deacons.
In Hyesan village, a family has been arrested by the police for loving miaw and kissing a miaw.
Applications must be recommended by the Waheh Shnong on the prescribed form. They must be able to read and write.
Those who violate the law will be fined up to T.5000/- for those who damage the environment and T.25,000/- for those who burn garbage and spread garbage on the streets and public places.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Vincent H Pala expressed his pleasure to welcome Bah Denis Mukhim and his supporters and this shows and encourages the Congress party to continue to grow in the state despite other challenges. He said that the Congress party has failed in the state.
Tura, Nailar 19 : A Kabiraj doctor, accused of raping a child, has committed suicide by hanging himself in police custody at Williamnagar Police Station on Tuesday night. .
The South American Country's Football Federation (SAF) has announced that the Colombian national football team will now prepare for the qualifiers for the World Cup. The FIFA World Cup will be held in
The SP of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, while talking to reporters, said that the Shallang Police Station has raided the village to conduct a search operation. Nosanchi M Sangma, 19, and Stilla M Sangma, 50, of Rongcheng village were also arrested.
The construction of the road to Upper Shillong, has been progressing, but the vehicles passing through the area, have been doing so in these days, as if the road has been working four vehicles, because when you reach In these vehicles they don't move anymore, in their own line, but they turn only to themselves and there are many, who walk in the direction of others, just to stand themselves further.
Shillong: The State Government has cut off the electricity supply to the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) and affected all the houses. (quarter) of the workers.
The road from Bhoirymbong to Nongthymmai Kyrdem, Umraling and Khyndewso has been demanded for improvement by the residents of the village. especially in the traffic through this road.
On the other hand, Dr. Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the State and President of the Party, said that the most important part of the election is that the people who “Whether the people encourage or condemn the defection of the candidates, because the defection of the candidates is unacceptable in the rule of law. ".
Furthermore, in India, English has become the Official Language or the language used for writing in government offices.
““If you choose Bah Känsing you can meet him at any time.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Ka KHNAM has convened a meeting tomorrow at Shillong Club with all political parties who support and demand the implementation of the ILP. KHNAM invites all political parties to discuss how to force the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma which has been silent on many demands. ILP is the party.
Mynthong FC beat Sabahmuswang 5-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
The night became shorter and the cold began to pass.
KAS Shillong President Dr.DRL Nonglait gave a talk on “The New Thomas Jones and his Contribution to Literature” and Rev. HCT Sumer gave a talk on the topic. on the topic “The Contribution of Thomas Jones to Society”.
There was also a friendly match between Government Officers and Rangbah Shnongs from Nongstoiñ.
There are many issues that cannot be addressed in this Act or Rule created by human made administrators which has been applied to government servants.
Just to get a man doesn't count even to kill his fellow man.
This is also the way of planting rice in the hills of our Naga neighbours.
This is called Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) or giving back to the residents near the coal mines or copper mines and so on.
If you marry or have children at a too young age, problems arise in various ways.
The couple went to Bengaluru to spend time with the relatives of the actress.
From Banshem's statement, it is understood that what Modi can do well is the road song.
He emphasized the importance of collaboration in the development of chronic disease treatment.
Synshar has been arrested by the police on charges that he was involved in the shooting of people in the area who were employees of a man who is the owner of the village. this area.
Tila Nongkhlaw, 77, of Mylliem Mawsawa, passed away at home.
The postmortem and other legal requirements have not yet been completed.
Every time we talk about corruption and there are no investigations, we can't understand,” said Deborah.
It is said that the man was in Poland as a tourist with a friend and it was said that the two men entered the venue because they knew that on that day they release it and not rung.
“At present, the State Government is moving towards the target of 100 per cent Aadhaar linkage,” the source said.
The biggest reason behind this confidence is Prime Minister Duh's strong belief in the ability and strength of the people of the country which has become the strength of Team Health India.
Timothy was honored by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma after he was elected to the House.
Police also thanked the media for reporting on the disappearance of the child and admitted that it was through the media that she was found.
Meanwhile, Bah Donkupar Sumer said that the Council should ensure that even if it cannot pay in full, it should release only half of the bill of the contractors.
Over the centuries and thousands of years, history has told of religious wars and bloodshed.
Both of them, as a couple who had made a strong covenant of love, left home before Lydia's father and mother came.
He said that Meghalaya is not like Nagaland.
“In fact, this ground was earlier used only for one match, but after meeting with the members of the Meghalaya Cricket Association we have decided to divide it into two parts.
Mukul also mentioned many development works that the government has done in the past years and especially this year that the government has created the opportunities to open Civil Sub Divisions, C&RDs. Block, Police Stations and others with the aim of bringing about a change in economic development especially in the rural areas.
The race was held at Madan Mawrusyiar and was attended by young men and women as well as the elders of Mawrusyiar.
For Class 12, the government will review, on July 1, 2021, to set a new date, while for Class 10, the result will be determined by the marks of Board and those who disagree, can fight again, by examination.
This was announced by AICC General Secretary KC Venugopal.
Saikarap, Nailar 17: Traders and owners of coal mines in Sohra and Shella areas including Majai, Mawlong, Wahlong and other areas under the Sohra Civil Sub-Division today met at the Sohra Civil Sub-Division. Saikarap, Shella to discuss the problems faced by the traders and miners after the order of the High Court on July 30,
Two players from both sides scored a hat trick for Madan S&CC, Emanbha Marbaniang scored three goals in the 3rd, 26th minute. & 44.
“If the Christian State becomes a Gambling State, it will not be a shame in the eyes of the world.
“Many of his songs are educational and should be understood by the nation,” he said.
Furthermore, another addendum to the SRP-OM No.PER.222/72/163, dated 28th May, 1974 allows for the reservation of 40% of the Garo even by the applicants who outside the state of Meghalaya.
Lalrinenga Sailo, who elected from Hachhek in Mamit district, is the richest man with a net worth of more than T.100 crore.
L.P schools in the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang said that the government has not yet sent any statement that it wants to talk and is silent.
UDP Youth Wing East Jaintia Hills President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh congratulated and congratulated the office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing East Jaintia Hills for their hard work in strengthening the party.
Therefore, we can say that the vendors in Khyndailad are unfortunate because they are not members of the High-Level group.
It is not surprising that until now, there has been no sports event such as football, volleyball, basketball or any other tournament in which the buskit has been higher than the buskit of the khwai competition.
One of the problems that is the main cause of this is the way we think about others and that we consider ourselves better than others.
KHNAM condemns railway issueKHNAM strongly condemns the MUA-II government's negligence on the railway issue.
On the 16th of this month, the Assam government said that the body of a robber involved in the illegal killing of cattle was found floating in the Brahmaputra River.
The scheme has come into operation from 1st November,
As part of the celebration of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking 2023, the District Social Welfare Officer, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoiñ on Tuesday held a public awareness program on “People first: stop stigma and discrimination, strengthen prevention” or “The greatest human spirit: stop stigma and discrimination, strengthen safety measures” was held at St John Bosco Higher Secondary School, Rambrai.
Sinha said the people of Meghalaya have accepted the party and only the BJP is the way to strengthen Meghalaya.
The funeral service will be held on 8.02.24 at 1 pm at the Khimusniang Presbyterian Church.
We therefore need to express to the world our strong opposition to this law which will destroy our uniqueness as a small nation which is only a small drop in front of the oceans of the world.
It's only Wednesday, but it's difficult to find out where to go...” Niakha ka Rida agreed. Kong Mer's thoughts have increased in the heart of Niakha ka Rida.
Rajasthan leader Bhanwar Lal Sharma has been suspended for allegedly speaking against Rahul Gandhi. Sharma has accused Rahul Gandhi of using his power. only because he belonged to the Gandhi family, and did not join the party according to the rules of unity.
He also announced that the government has also set a target to renovate and install artificial turf in 25 football grounds in the state.
:At the meeting of the Executive Committee, held on 13th November 2023, it was decided to introduce several Bills in the Dorbar Synrai which will start on 20th November This was announced by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
The tournament was held again after being suspended for two years due to the outbreak of COVID-19 which has prevented the students from participating in these tournaments. to showcase their talents.
The winners will qualify for the 27th National Sport Climbing Championship to be held in Bangalore from 21st to 24th of this month.
Nongpoh, November 22: As a good news to welcome the coming of Christmas which we believe is the coming of the Son of God, the Presbyterian Youth Church Patharkhmah this year has organized a Christmas dress up competition for the May this Christmas be a Christmas and may peace and happiness enter every family of Patharkhmah Village.
When he came down from the third heaven he did not come down alone but with his followers who were the angels of heaven who had become devils.
This is so that the Ukrainian defense ministry can improve its aircraft, artillery, drones and others.
Referring to the work done by the NPP government in the last five years, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that in the last 15 years, Meghalaya has constructed only 700 km of roads under the PMGSY scheme and many other schemes. The PMGSY road construction has increased to 2000 km and under the Jal Jeevan Mission or JJM scheme, up to 3 lakh households have received drinking water and sanitation. The number of children has increased to 97% in the past three years.
“Adding that other ethnic groups when it comes to issues that affect the ethnic group, they unite together,” he said. as if they were speaking together in the voices of others.
Until now, in almost all sports in the country, the youth of Manipur should be present because they have received their training from home and thus it is no longer difficult for them to compete in any tournament.
Kharge expressed his condolences and gratitude, saying India stands united against terrorism.
In this plastic world today, it is sometimes said that we buyers and sellers are also involved.
Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken blood from the body of the deceased for testing. She urged the public not to worry, but to follow the rules to prevent the spread of the disease and to go to the places immediately. Treat them if they have any symptoms of the disease.
Meanwhile, AIUDF MLA Rafikul Islam has requested the Speaker of the Assam Legislative Assembly Biswajit Daimari to lodge a Sou-Moto complaint against Kadu's remarks and send a letter to the Assam Legislative Assembly. He will come to the Assam Legislative Assembly to apologize.
Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the party, in a statement on his Facebook page yesterday, said, “This action of the government has angered the party as a whole”. It is the Meghalaya Police, or their government employees, who can arrest us as they please.
However, regarding the intention of the two Prime Ministers to start the second phase of the rehabilitation of the villages in the Langpih sector, the Nepali group could win, if the The Chief Minister of Assam has not complied with the demand of the Committee.
The woman, aged about 50, was wearing a blue dress, a blue shirt and a blue scarf. Police said that anyone who recognizes her can come forward. you are in Civil.
Scientists are preparing to discover an asteroid Apophis, known as the god of destruction in Egypt or known as Apep. It will pass near Earth on 13 June 2029 at a distance of 19,000 miles or 31,000 kilometers.
In Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Santa Mary Shylla launched the flag ceremony.
Vehicles to be allowed to travel on the 15th should end in numbers 0, 2, 4, 6 and 8 as well as private vehicles ending in numbers 0, 2, 4, 6 and
The union said that there are many unemployed youths these days who apply in the hope of getting jobs but now they will be disappointed if they lose what they have already passed the examination.
Participants of the G20 summit had the opportunity to visit the Crafts Bazaar and buy goods.
He said to implement the project, the government has set up a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) called MS Shillong Smart City Limited (SSCL) to run the project.
All the costs have been handed over to the FPOs including transportation and box fees.
Ri Bhoi FC struggled to score 114 runs for the loss of all wickets, Pynshai Timung scored 18 runs while Jonathan Mawa scored 4/3 .
Once again, we demand that the government should allow the people of the state to trade coal through the 200,000 tonnes of coal approved by the panel committee of NGT instead of importing coal from abroad. The state government should not be complacent in the management of cement factories. The government should look into the situation of the state itself because all the residents want the cement factories in the area. “It will be for the benefit of all the people,” said Bah Ency Shadap President of the party.
Shillong, November 29: The party on Friday said that the party will contest the MLA elections by going to the people to vote for the people. The party will fight to improve the income of farmers, employment opportunities, revenue theft that the state government should receive if the people elect the ruler after the elections. elections.
Prefix: A prefix has several ways to replace the original word with another one that is similar or different.
The new cases include 164 from East Khasi Hills, 50 from West Garo Hills, 17 from Ri Bhoi, 11 from West Jaintia Hills, 7 from South Garo Hills, 5 from North Garo Hills, 4 from West Garo Hills. South West Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 2 and East Jaintia Hills
There are also students who have come forward to oppose the current reservation and to demand fair justice for the three ethnic groups in the state with the support of the paid residents.
On the other hand, Bah Pohshna said that his goal is to find employment opportunities for the unemployed youth of the constituency through the central government like Prandhan. Minister Kaushal Development Scheme.
In the Name of Jesus Christ, Amen and Amen.
The trainees from different villages of Satpator brought their traditional dishes and helped to decorate these dishes which were prepared by Chef Lambhah Kma.
At this meeting which was attended by hundreds of Adhoc school teachers from different districts of Garo Hills, FASToM has decided to hold this rally on the 22nd. this month.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body today in the presence of Asst General Secretary Samla Nilkee Mukhim, Finance Secretary Samla Tricky Mukhim and several members. RECPDCL officials who wanted to visit the MeECL branch in Jowai were expelled.
According to reports, Leena Doley, SP of Nagaon, when the houses of five suspects set fire to the police station, were destroyed on 22nd June, hours after the protesters set fire to the Batradava police station.
Shillong: The Secretary of the UDP Mawthadraishan, Bah Jambor War, on Tuesday said that 14 members of the National People's Party (UDP) have claimed to be from the National People's Party (UDP). Only 5 of them have been with the UDP and almost all of them have left the UDP in recent years.
:Leaders of the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) on Tuesday met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to demand the withdrawal of the notification issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Speaking to reporters after the meeting which lasted for about three hours, the General Secretary of NEHU on the implementation of the National Education Policy in the colleges affiliated to NEHU. MCTA AW Rani said that the meeting discussed the implementation of the NEP in schools in the state.
The lack of knowledge or understanding of the MLA of the constituency reflects the character of the electorate who elected him/her.
The reason is that for 40 years the lyngdoh of the Sohiong Hima has never visited this village and they have been treated badly in Assam.
Shillong, June 27: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Sohra Constituency has announced that it will hold a public meeting on the 29th June, which is also the Sohra Market Day at Saitsohpen Dorbar Ground. 11 pm, and the meeting was to discuss the continuation of the SDO (Civil) Sohra Sub-Division to include the names of foreigners in the electoral roll. M.Bynnud, Chairman and B.Mylliemngap Secretary of the JAC, said in a statement that the JAC has invited the people, Rangbah Shnong, Sordar, youth and Shella and Sohra areas to attend the meeting, the statement said.
“Now that this work is going on and now we have seen that we are only a few hours away from the scientific mining, we will no longer see people violating the law and doing things that should not be done. do it in a wrong way," he said.
This government is now like a round stone while there are still places that are not available or places that are not asleep and you don't know when you get to the night.
He said the child was taken to Lawmali Hospital but died.
When he had learned to read and write, the Khasi elders, including Bah Jeebon Roy Mairom, brought him '? ‘ and ‘ Ñ ‘ as Khasi characters.
Nongpoh, July 20 : The ethnic clashes between the Meitei and Kuki ethnic groups in Manipur have affected the peace and order and have reached the point of bloodshed between these ethnic groups in Manipur. , the Rangbah Shnong of Pilangkata Village in Ri Bhoi District today urged the foreigners from Manipur who come to flee to the village to inform the village authorities and especially the police so that they will not be killed. There is no disruption to the peace and order of the residents.
“Many people were injured during the rainy season.
The Bible is the authority to guide our lives as the eye is to our body.
It is better not to talk about numbers anymore, let's get confused about the retrospective and prospective rosters.
Warner Bros. has contributed significantly to its film production and has helped to promote Hollywood from time to time.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Nongthymmai Circle has questioned the government on the registration of foreigners as voters in Madanryting.
Police have seized these two vehicles with the assistance of Meghalaya Police.
Therefore, the government has sent the equipment to the hospital, while in Nongstoiñ no sanction or staff has been appointed yet.
There are more than 30 coal mining factories in Shallang area alone.
“For 70 years of KHADC, our employees have never received such assistance.
Seven minutes later, WASA's Koushik Rabha scored the third goal in the 33rd minute.
Furthermore, the HYC requests the public to cooperate to eradicate these crimes and to inform the members of the HYC to do their utmost to bring peace and order in the area especially to the shopkeepers in the market. spirit.
Police have recovered 2 grams of heroin from Michael Kharkongor, which was packed in a Golden tin.
The Integrated Village Co-Operative Society and the Dorbar Shnong Lumshyrmit welcome those who wish to visit these places and urged everyone to ensure the cleanliness and beauty of these places.
So far, many have expressed their satisfaction with the Roster System although it is more difficult to understand.
Shortly after that, Rida realized that she had now reached a great glory in her life.
In another seizure, BSF troops seized 30 cows from a border crossing while they were being smuggled to Bangladesh.
“The government cannot clean up alone, it is the responsibility of all the people to take collective responsibility for this.
When he came near, he said to them, “Don't be afraid, it's me... let's ask a little about the word “Don't be afraid”. and thou shalt be mine” (Isaiah 43:1).
The fete will feature a variety of games and food in addition to a clothing market.
The Archdiocese of Shillong through the Archbishop Rev Fr Dominic Jala has organized a special ceremony where on Tuesday the Fathers were appointed while on Tuesday all the Sisters were appointed.
The Kinglieng Festival will end on the 14th of this month. There will be many boatmen from other states in the country and abroad. and they shall come and participate.
He said that the incident was discovered after the army conducted a search operation.
Besides, it was also seen that many people were listening to the meetings outside the houses, which were clean from their doors.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong, on receiving this news, was shocked, as he is one of the leaders who has worked hard to preserve the Khasi faith in the Sohra area. hi all.
The team will provide all the necessary equipment at the Inspire Institute of Sport in Bellary including the sports grounds so that they can improve themselves.
The people cannot be forced.
There have been allegations of shortcomings of the Police in the investigation but some of the cases have shown that the shortcomings are not only of the Police but also of the Lawyers. also have to blame for the lack of them.
The total number of recoveries is 14,384 and the death toll is
Police immediately conducted a search operation around Shillong, especially in the areas near the Deputy Commissioner's office and sent information to other police stations to search for Bah Jyllud.
“This incident happened at 11 pm and we were walking and suddenly we saw BSF troops and my brother said 'these troops' but suddenly we were shot,” he said. .
The hospital has now been closed to receive patients from abroad.
The question is whether it is necessary to change this custom according to the passage of time. India has passed a law to give women 33% seats in the Lok Sabha and state legislatures.
In fact, it was not Prestone who called them, but the Government of India and the State Government who called for talks with the HNLC.”
Although the talks to settle the border between the two states have been going on, the Assam Government has sent officials from the Forest Department to clean up the border. areas under the Nongwah-Mawtamur area for the construction of the road.
“He said that the government's formation of committees is only a delay tactics and a waste of public time and money because the place to discuss and pass laws is the State Legislative Assembly and the All the laws shall be made in the council, not outside.
Expressing his regret over the situation across India in these days, he said that the Government of India has informed the people that they will no longer receive any assistance from the Government of India or various State Governments. different if you don't have Aadhaar.
The intention to gather the people of the village shows the decline of humanity which in fact used to be a problem.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 129 cases in Bishnupur Cluster 4, Demthring Cluster 4, Golflink Cluster 10, Jaiaw Cluster 4, Laban Cluster 5, Laitkor Rngi Cluster 6, Lapalang Cluster 9, Lumparing 6, Malki Cluster Mawlai Cluster 10, Upper Shillong Cluster
Shillong, Nailar, 27: The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) has strongly criticized the State Government for sending only 10-15 border guards while 50-60 guards have been provided to the pollution factories. after.
in Moinarbond, Silchar and four highway projects; the laying of the foundation stone of 100 model secondary schools in the slasha areas of Assam; 3000 model Anganwadi centres; articles on the road; and a state-of-the-art Cargo-cum-Coaching Terminal at Aghtori, Guwahati.
Shillong: Congress candidate Saleng A Sangma has won by 85,000 votes against NPP candidate Agatha Sangma in Tura. He won the election in Shillong Constituency with 1.3 lakh votes.
According to the report, some of the UDP leaders do not want to act hastily to expel them from the party and want to bring about talks.
The polling will no longer be held in Sohiong constituency on 27th June after the death of United Democratic Party candidate HDR Lyngdoh, but will continue in all 59 constituencies.
The Tribal Painting Camp was organized by Dr. Ram Dayal Munda Tribal Welfare Research Institute (TRI), Government of Jharkhand at Patratu is about 28 km from Ranchi.
Shillong, Naitung 20: “I have been told that it is only in the District Council that a father appoints a son, a wife, a child, this is not the way,” said Mukul. .
They expressed their distress and suffering because if they go to apply for jobs they cannot provide with this certificate or syrnod that they have already been trained in this course because they have not yet received it from the Civil Service.
In this regard, the KSU leader said that the KSU will continue to work together for the students in this regard and announced that they will set up an Online Coaching Class for the students of the state. how they can prepare for the test.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Ardent said the party in the Opposition will support any issues raised by MLAs from other parties if they are for the benefit of the people of the state.
John 1:12.
The Education Minister of Meghalaya, Ma Lakmen Rymbui has recently announced that school teachers need to be injected first by the government authorities as they have to teach children in class.
“The story shows that there was a lot of trade between these regions before independence and there is also a lot of opportunity in trade and connectivity in the region. mistakes that have blocked trade and existing communication channels,” he said.
The truth is clear.
“To throw money, it's a bad job,” he said.
I'm slow in Khasi.
In a letter sent to MeECL Chairman cum Managing Director (CMD) Sanjay Goyal, CCORMAU President PK Shullet said that most of the time the union has sent letters requesting the release of MeECL. the salary at the right time.
Welcome speech was delivered by Rev. Oplysor Pyngrope, President, Seng Khasi Kmie, Rev. Keringland Wahlang President, Seng Khasi Lawbah, Rgh. Thank you Rgh.Hainess Marbaniang General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie.
In India, as I have shown above, the cultivation of rice is done in those areas where rice is not good.
Meghalaya is currently in fourth position with 12 points and Manipur with eight points.
In the announcement, the Secretary of KHADC said that the new Acting Sirdar will administer the administration according to the customs and traditions of the Elaa and the Acts/Rules of the KHADC in collaboration with the Executive Dorbar approved by the Executive Committee. .
Shillong: The Managing Committee of Laitumkhrah Assamese Secondary School, Shillong, Shillong, has arrested five Khasi students, including one non-Khasi, for allegedly discriminating against them. lacks marks.
It is to be recalled that the Pom Blang and Shad Nongkrem have been held for hundreds of years even before the writing of 1931 AD. centuries and it is a ritual to celebrate the offering of the Khun ki Hajar of the Hima to God the Creator to bless him throughout the year and it is also a celebration of the unity of the region. The kingdom of Khyrim.
“According to him, it is the AITC which continues to harass the MDAU allies. Prestone also declined to say how many MLAs have decided to join the NPP. The NPP has 23 MLAs and we are still fighting for 34-35 seats in the 2023 elections,” said Prestone.
It is less common in people who do not have diabetes or use steroids.
The question is why as the days and years go by, more and more evils have emerged in the society or even in the homes. the power of evil is at work in these days.
They will be days in remembrance, because of the loss of many lives, the displacement of people, the closure of schools, work, travel, markets, internet services, and other other.
On the same day, at 6 pm, Umkiang Police Station, arrested another vehicle (AS-01-AT-6157), which was coming from Assan to Khliehriat. Police have recovered 31.142 kilograms of marijuana from the vehicle.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Richard L. Nongbri, IPO, DCIC, Shillong on various schemes and trainings from DCIC; (NYKS), Sports Department of the Government of Meghalaya who spoke on the role of NYK for the youth and Bah Randhir Kumar, Manager SBI Regional One who spoke on the employment opportunities for the children of banks.
While Sonu was taking part in the finale of a festival held in his hometown of Chembur, the son of an MLA and his brother-in-law suddenly attacked the singer. rynsan only because they did not take the opportunity to shondur with him.
The extension is based on the facts found by scientists in the United Kingdom, using the covishield injection.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya government's allowance of foreign coal traders (Assam) has put our state at great risk.
Shillong, March 04 : The National People's Party (NPP) has started announcing its candidates for the MDC elections scheduled to be held in June-October next year. .
Therefore, in this regard, all industries, commercial establishments, e-commerce companies, online marketplaces, importers, stockists, distributors, retailers, sellers, and the public are also prohibited from manufacturing, importing, To buy and sell prohibited plastics such as biodegradable or oxo-biodegradable without a certificate from the CPCB. A 36-year-old man from Laitkor has been arrested by the East Khasi Hills Police within 48 hours.
She said that the loss has reached crores of rupees and who will cover this loss.
Therefore, the cooperation of the public, private sector and residents, the village authorities is needed to teach the community how to follow the safety measures and avoid the dangers of electricity. State free from electrical injury incidents.
Then they remove the rice and mix with the sh’iap and roast over low heat for about 5 minutes.
Bitalian Nongrum won the title of Mahadei 2017, Venicia Nongrum came second and Magdalin Tham won the third title. Patsha 2017 was won by Arborlang Dohling, second by Synsharlang Nongrum and third by Kyntiewboklang Nongrum.
The first was when the prophet Elisha came to Gilgal, there was a famine and pestilence in the land and it lasted for seven years.
Even in education, there has been no allocation for the low income communities to develop us SCs. Therefore, the lack of allocation for the SCs in the Roster System will not be available.
Langsning FC, who hold the top spot, have lost for the first time in their first match against Sawmer.
NEC GC member S Bhattacharyya said that the old way of shooting is also a skill.
Shillong: A meeting was held between the CCIB and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today to discuss the Indian government's decision to erect signboards in Dawki areas like Lyngkhat, Pyrdiwah and others.
He said that cleanliness also means that each and every resident should refrain from spreading garbage on the streets and in uninhabited places such as schools, houses. dorbar and others.
In a message on the X platform, the Prime Minister said, “Greetings to Pu.
It would be good, therefore, to hold meetings to discuss these issues with the participation of leaders from the city and elsewhere, to avoid misunderstandings, no matter whether they should be discussed loudly or slowly when speaking inside the house.
The disease is spreading rapidly in California, Hawaii, Idaho, Missouri, Montana, Oklahoma and Texas.
Therefore, I as a filer request you all not to share the full details of this application because it may cause a tragic incident to my family, so please accept this request with respect. Please do not share full details on social media.
Nongpoh: The residents of two border villages in Ri Bhoi and Jirang C&RD Block, have vowed to take away development works from Assam, after they could no longer tolerate the The Government of Meghalaya has been working hard for the past decade.
He was accompanied by his mother, relatives, party leaders and thousands of supporters.
The Coordinator of the Hima Nongspung, Bah Manoson Doloi, said that the Hima Nongspung and the Raid Warmawsaw-Umsohbar have not agreed on the border issue. and Meghalaya.
The High Court issued this order while hearing a petition filed by the CEO and others against Bah K.Phlastingwell Pangniang, President of the HSPDP and candidate of the party from Rambrai Jyrngam. constituency in the MLA elections held in June this year.
Although you don't know whether the moon is full or full.
Kentely is a friend of Mamoni, a prostitute.
Shillong: The Police Department today clarified the post on social media through the website 'Exams Daily' that the examination for those who apply for the post of Constable, Sub -Inspector' and others will be held soon.
Furthermore, the four organizations said that the construction of the BSF camp in Khliehriat has no meaning, so on this issue they will soon meet with the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri to convey this to the BSF. If the talks do not succeed, the party said in a statement that it will take a strong decision.
In the Independence Day Cup Under-17 category, Tpeppale and Mooknor Thadmuthlong drew 1-1
Gomes says religion is very important to him in his life, but he says that now his desire to serve the religion has become stronger than ever. long all shit cat.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, wrote in a tweet that these people were traveling on the same bus as a covid-19 patient in Cachar.
The election for the new President of the Congress will be held on 17th March
Shillong: U Bah John Kharshiing, on Tuesday invited the 15 MDCs of Mylliem Hima to discuss the amendment of the Mylliem Act 2007-2008, the Administration Rule 2015 and the Act 1959 to hold a Hima Dorbar once a year according to the customs and traditions.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 4 returnees.
“How can the Prime Minister say that the Central Government does not provide money when the State Government cannot use it and cannot issue a utilization certificate?”, asked the Union Agriculture Minister.
For example, if a constituency has 20,000 voters, if there are 4 candidates, the candidate who gets more than 5,000 votes wins, which means that 13 or 14 thousand votes are won by the minority. vote not by majority, and he is a legislator and ruler.
For example, we have all seen what electrical energy is, do you think it can be obtained from a mountain or a river without organizing or finding a way to produce it? Look at Sunapani how the Wah Umkhrah has been drained from above the Mawlai Bridge by building a small dam and through this dam, the canals have been built from the outside to carry the water. The sources can be shot and by the movement of these sources, the forces and machines to generate electricity are controlled.
The Dorbar Shnong Moosalyngkat has also announced that it has postponed the fete and lucky draw 2020 which was scheduled to be held on 19-20 October
James said the Cabinet has approved the decision to take funds from international donors such as the World Bank, Asian Development Bank and others for the construction of the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Projects. .
When asked whether the Congress will be able to join forces with other parties to come to power in 2023, the leader said they have not taken any decision on this. section.
There are many who are involved in various kinds of festivals which we see these days which the government does not support.
The Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday said that all schools need to use books recognized by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE).
In fact, even now and right here in Meghalaya, the Hynniewtrep population has reached 14 lakh while the Achik population has reached only 10 lakh.
There will always be attempts to destroy Hindi which as citizens we cannot accept because it is not our mother tongue and has no roots here.
He said that the Police Department wants to complete the remaining examinations so that the recruitment can be completed as soon as possible.
It also aims to raise health awareness regarding adolescents, pregnant women, preventive measures and other health issues for both men and women.
Therefore, most of the time the MDA government has to spend only on curbing the violence and calling for talks with the civil society and followed by the efforts to prevent and fight against the disease.
Shillong: The Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA) has announced that the Amlarem Football League will start this month at the Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem.
Shillong: On 1st October 2021, a Yamaha FZ Version 2 bike (ML 05 M 4461) belonging to John Paul Thongnirin collided with a truck. Let's Fly Shillong.
However, what we see and read is RI KHASI RI KHASI. In terms of that article published by Harison Syiemlieh, please check carefully. If you can, it is better to seek help from NEHU scholars from the Khasi department and other leaders from the Khasi Authors Society (KAS).
Therefore, to prevent the spread of news that affects the peace and order through photographs, all public news or social media has been banned.
In the second half, Aibiangmame Nongneng scored in the 70th minute and Wansiewdor Nengnong in the 81st minute.
Shillong, July 01: The Sohiong Presbyterian Secondary School, today celebrated its 50th Anniversary.
At present, the SMB has four heavy vehicles and 12 small vehicles to collect the nuts.
The power of this technology is that the shooting of a person is a laser or fire, which cannot be seen by human eyes, but runs very fast and shoots straight for him. u klongsnam and once a person is shot, he will not escape, even if he is in a crowd of people, because the laser shot will penetrate exactly into him. who has been shot by a drone or by modern guns.
Police have not yet arrested the dolloi and it is alleged that there are leaders who are protecting him.
On the third day, there is a ritual known as the Shawah-Shanein ritual, in which a BlangTymmen and two pigs are used.
There are now more urgent roads and they should be completed, improved and made into two lanes.
The contest is known as Miss & Mr Chrysalis.
To criticize, we don't like to praise again, it's hard when these things are sdien and khih shane shatai.
The most heated debate was on the question – Who should eat the byrni? The reason for this question is that the dealers say that if the supply of rice is 100 byrni, when it is distributed it is less than 100 kg.
In the days of Noah, God punished all the too wicked people because He no longer wanted them to live on this earth.
There are 47 recoveries and 2 deaths.
The lehñiam today was held in a smooth manner and it was said that the completion of this lehñiam will bring good prosperity and freedom from diseases, which is also part of the The old customs and traditions have been changed.
Speaking to media after leaving the police station, Bah Eldie said that the Laitumkhrah Police Station has registered six cases under Sections 341, 324, 353, 505, 506 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code.
“The education department has taken action on this issue and has directed the DSEO Ri Bhoi to inspect the school and ensure that such incidents do not happen again,” he said. The call was attended by the UDP MLA from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem.
“The NCA will have to consider him for the next few days while we are traveling with the team.
“I promise that the government will take all necessary measures to resolve this issue as soon as possible as it has put the society at risk and especially the peace and order. protection of citizens.
Meanwhile, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, said that the polling will be held again in Umladang on Tuesday.
Princess Haya has not been seen since June 2019, but has reportedly fled to Germany, along with her son and daughter. and she asked for a release from her husband.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, on Tuesday issued a notice in Khasi language, regarding the operation of vehicles in Ribhoi District. District This announcement will be effective from 4th June 2020 to 17th June
Ma Muksor said that the forms can be obtained from 15th July 2024 from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm from Monday to Saturday.
The capital of the country, Nusantara, is still thinking about the country's goal by struggling to provide sports grounds to be ready for the big tournament.
The police were able to seize the ambulance after the members of the party fled the protest, due to the threat of the police to bomb and tied them if they found them.
The Chairman of the RDA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that he does not have time to look at other political parties but his focus is on the RDA.
“He (MP) has been doing business in Delhi for his own benefit,” said Sanbor. He also claimed that he was the first MP/MLA to appear before the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi in Delhi to oppose the CAB, and many of them are only inside the State.
In West Khasi Hills, 14 cases, South West Khasi Hills 2 cases, Ribhoi District 273 cases, civilian 269 cases, West Jaintia Hills 103 cases and East cases in Jaintia Hills, 146 cases in West Garo Hills, 17 cases in South West Garo Hills, 13 cases in South Garo Hills, 89 cases in East Garo Hills and 15 cases in North Garo Hills.
The Central Government has recently decided to suspend the assistance especially in the transport sector through the North East Investment and Industrial Promotion Policy (NEIIPP).
Shillong: The Seng Phira Mawlong under the leadership of Bah Shembhalang Chyne, General Secretary and Bah W.Khyllep, Chairman, has expressed its deep sorrow over the allegation that three foreigners have been arrested. Prantush Sarkar, Mridul Das and Binayak Roy, who are not residents of Mawlong District, said that they have been insulted and raped by foreigners living in Ichamati.
Because the wife was too tired, she asked her husband to order food and so she started looking at the food on her phone.
Shillong, Naitung: The Meghalaya State Branch of the Indian Red Cross Society (IRRC) in collaboration with the Jaiaw Presbyterian Church on Tuesday held a health camp for those who are suffering from mental illness. He fled from Manipur to the Kuki church in Lum Ba Tngen, Shillong.
Deepak Thapa scored 30 runs from 30 balls and Sauni Nongtdu scored 22 runs from 21 balls.
There was a severe upheaval that year until many youths were arrested, detained and many were seriously injured.
The two-day visit of President Pranab Mukhejee to NEHU has ended today, after he completed the awarding ceremony of students at NEHU. and only light saw government vehicles and police vehicles were seen moving up and down the street and a few private vehicles.
He said that this house will also open the door for the youth in many programs to be held in the future.
The truck, which he was driving, was parked on the side of the road and it is believed that he was killed early this morning.
The MDC complained that MUDA has issued public announcements in many cases without a clear law on its activities. It appears, through the judgment of the High Court, on 16th June 2017, through a case filed in
“We have more than 3500 cows across the State (from July, 2023 to today) which have been affected by at-sniehdo,” said the Joint Director, Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, Dr.H.K. Marak while talking to a reporter on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the residents to come forward to get vaccinated so that they can protect themselves and others.
He said that the reason why the village donated the land to the police department is after the village saw that the government has a plan to build out posts around the area. areas of the State and one of these is within Umwali village.
The children, who came from a fishing family, were killed in an Israeli bombing in the Mediterranean Sea. many people were injured in the incident.
These two foreign women who live in Jail Road shot her until she lost her face, hand and had to walk.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma will be in Shillong for a one-day meeting ahead of the arrival of Defense Minister Amit Shah on 24th November
The Indian hockey team beat South Korea 5-3 to qualify for the final of the Asian Games.
The MLA also met with the people of Assam who live in Lawbah village and returned to Ïew Langpih.
A total of 18 people including two women have been arrested by the police for involvement in the rioting and stone throwing at the CMO office in Tura on the evening of 24th November. Tura, after the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, called for talks with the civil society groups including the Achik Seng and others.
In Mairang, it will be held on 24th November and in Shillong, it will be held on 28th November.
“He said this election is important for the NPP and expressed his confidence to win more than 1.90 lakh votes given to him by the people when he was elected. He contested the mid-term elections after the death of PA Sangma in
It means here that God sees the truths and untruths in the heart of man, that is why Eliab, Abinadab, Shammah and others were rejected, but God chose him. David did not become king because God saw the righteousness of David.—1 Samuel 16:6-1
Christine's marriage is the second for Kevin, who was married to Cindy Costner from 1978 to 1994 and has four children from Cindy.
Noting that there is a case which has been going on for 20 years, Bah Iangrai said that this case contains the names of several officials including those who have retired and “But they don't want to investigate this case”.
Speaking on the cleanliness of the morning, u and S.Dkhar said that it is necessary to encourage ourselves to be clean, to clean up the surroundings. “The whole state and the whole country will be clean,” he added and urged the students and the public who attended the program to refrain from going outside. They should maintain a clean environment and should work together to promote a clean environment.
However, the question is why no inquiry has been sent into the ISBT and these roads as these roads were also constructed by the same company.
Therefore, the HITO urges the people not to be afraid after the 2nd of October because they have elected their own leaders to send to the Legislative Assembly. and they rejoiced with the leaders.
STRAWBERRIES :–These fruits are rich in antioxidants and are rich in vitamin C.
“It is unacceptable for this government to blame the poor for the traffic problem in Shillong.
In Shillong, all the plastic bags go to Marten.
"To kein, I'll talk to her in class..." Deisy turned. After drinking, they both started doing other things to get out of the house and go home. their of works in a timely manner.
Shemphrang Synrem, President of KSU Sohra, said that he has spoken to the DC Shillong today to get clarification on the issue of Aadhar. However, he said he has received confirmation that Aadhar is still at the discretion of individuals, whether they want to register or not.
“There are many reasons why the residents of Rambrai area are not happy with the leadership of the NPP in this MDA government. sent to today’s correspondent.
Then that carol in the evening leads to the pregnancy of the young women without knowing who the father of the child is.
“We pay taxes to the Shillong Municipal Board, but even after that, we have to buy water,” said the BJP candidate from East Shillong.
He said that first of all, we need to understand the Roster System.
I don't see that the Khasi Social Custom Lineage Bill will prevent HIV-AIDS,” he said, adding that it is necessary to prevent, treat and provide adequate treatment.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : U VPP Leader and Nongkrem MLA, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit today sent a letter to the Roster System Committee saying that he does not accept the government's decision to include You are on the Committee on Roster System.
The police department should have closer cooperation with other states so that the sharing of intelligence on drug traffickers/dealers can be done more quickly.
" The people know that they have no name or glory without worshiping anyone.
The Union also congratulates the JHADC for its initiative, the Dorbar Shnongs and the brothers and sisters of Jaintia Hills have escaped from the problems and conflicts with the law.
“We welcome and confirm that the Mawjynbuin Krem has been recognized by the Tourism Department as one of the world tourist attractions,” said the Vice President of KSKSM. The Khasi District Council (KDC) has given five days to the Khasi District Council to approve the construction of the road for two vehicles before the 15th of this month.
“Meghalaya should not lose even 10 inches of land and in this regard, it is up to us to know clearly which is the line according to the Assam Re-organization (Meghalaya) Act
Mawshun Village is only 18 km from the Pynursla Dawki road.
Mukul said 30 years ago, only 5 percent of China's population was over 65 years of age, but now there are 123 million or 9 percent of the population over this age.
The Jews or Israelites have already fallen by the sword and have been taken captive around the world by the Gentile nations (by many countries of the world) since 70 AD. from the Gentiles (which good to Ri).
However, some residents of Moolamylliang and her family members have appeared before the Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Richard B Uriah to request to allow him to attend classes at the school.
However, the government will pay 13,335 per month to the teachers of SSA LP schools and 14,392 per month to the teachers of SSA UP schools.
The day was concluded with the launching of the Lama of the Seng by Wailadmiki Shylla, who was the chief guest.
The 46th Meghalaya Chess Championship organized by the RBDCA under the auspices of the MCA has come to an end on the 22nd of this month at Umsning, Ri Bhoi. District.
The union said that when government officials went anywhere, they were accompanied by dozens of SWAT vehicles, while only five government employees were accompanied in a Gypsy.
The meeting, which was attended by tens of thousands of people, was attended by students and the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
“The Mawjymbuin Crematorium is owned by the village of Mawsynram, it has been a cremation site for tourists and there are those who worship the crematorium since ancient times and until now,” he said. The prayer at the crematorium is held every day but the civil society organizations do not disturb the visitors.
NTR, who will star in several new films, has impressed Brat Pitt in Troy and said that this is one of the most beautiful films of the actor.
On the occasion, James K Sangma, Minister of State, Dr. Aman Warr, Minister of State for Oxygen Plant in Nongpoh, was present on the occasion. Director DHS (MI), Dr. PN Chyne, Medical Superintendent, Nongpoh Civil Hospital and others.
According to Sangma, many cases happen in Meghalaya and this is due to the lack of attention of the police department. Sangma said the incident shows that the prime minister does not care about the people of the state and he should step down. chair.
The cycle rally was attended by members of the West Jaintia Adventure and Cycling Association, Jowai which started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium and passed through Ladthadlaboh Main Road. , Loomkyrwiang, Iongpiah, Panaliar, Dulong, Tpep-Pale and ended at the ground floor of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills.
Among the dead were Dr Md Assaduzzaman and Dr Gopal Sankar Dey, who died on Saturday, while Dr Mohammad Hossain died on Tuesday.
On 6th November 2015, the Supreme Court ordered that there should be gates to monitor the movement of coal and that it should not rely solely on the setting up of these coal mines. It also directed that the Chief Secretary should be responsible for enforcing these orders of the NGT. He said that the previous state government used to mislead the NGT and hide the order of the NGT. The Supreme Court has sought permission for the construction of parking bridges in many parts of the state and said that these parking bridges have caused a lot of trouble to the drivers.
On this occasion, he said that there has been a lack of clarity on this, because the request for permission from the two departments, will cause confusion to the people and the Council will consider what to do on this matter. dep that work.
If we add up both the taxes, we can say that drivers have to pay about 55% and 50%, respectively, such as taxes for petrol and every time they fill up their vehicles.
The BJP leader admitted that Bah Shangpliang is the one whom the party has been able to nominate as the candidate from Shillong seat although some have applied for ticket from the party.
“We have been fighting for the right path, not for the bloodshed, we expect the government to call for a solution to this issue. “We believe that if we talk about all these things, we can succeed,” said Nikman.
The banned areas are from Tre Lahong to Mutong.
He said that the KSU has recently suspended the construction of the road, but after the inspection by the Executive Engineer, the KSU has awarded the contract to the contractor to build the road according to the work order received from the PWD. so that the existence of the road will bring benefits to the people of the area.
Does the Executive Engineer mean to underestimate the knowledge and skills of the residents? (iii) How did the PWD department and the Executive Engineer approve the wrong drawing and why did they allow the construction of the house with the wrong drawing? (iv) Will the Executive Engineer now announce publicly all the construction projects under his jurisdiction, in what manner the tender has been called and how the work has been awarded to the Contractors? Legislature, in a democracy, the office of the Speaker and the entire Legislative Assembly is sacred and no one or anything can count it as dewthala.
“At first I was afraid to start my own business but through encouragement from others, I tried.
They include Rev EH Kharkongor, Secretary of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum, Rev Fr Richard Majaw, Vicar General of Shillong Archdiocese, Rev Himanshu Christian, Presbyter of All Saints Cathedral, Church of North India Shillong, and Bah RO Wallang. , a member of the Presbyterian Church.
He recalled that in 2010, Ranikor village had witnessed the death of dohum fish in the Kynshi River in Ranikor village. cannot survive because the pollution of the river is too much.
However, shortly after she announced her resignation as the Chairman of the MSCW. She did this for the benefit of women and longkmie in the State.
After the meeting, the journalists tried to talk to the SDEO, Iangngap, to find out the reason for the closure of the school but Iangngap refused to talk to her. He said that it is the responsibility of the authorities, and on the same day, the journalists went to talk to the Director of School Education and Literacy, Ambrose Ch Marak at his office but he did not respond. He said that he has no authority to speak on the issue and it is the responsibility of the education department to speak to the Principal Secretary of the department. Srivastava.
Sonia congratulated him, Bluebell and the Congress workers.
When people are conscious that they have sinned, and are sorry for their sins, they are on the road to repentance, to rebuilding their lives.
The market was held at the grounds of St. Pauls Higher Secondary School, where people from all over the country flocked to buy vegetables, fruits and vegetables. There will also be a variety of traditional dishes made from tyndong siej and other traditional dishes.
We sit at home with sorrow and grief of soul.
The winner of this competition will represent the state in the Zonal Level Quiz.
Other bronze medal winners included Nisanshwa Lyngdoh (Senior Women K1 -48 kg), Bantei Sungoh (Senior Men Low Kick – 60 kg), Arthur Cornelli NK (Senior Men K1 – 75 kg) and Pynnehbor Mylliemngap (Senior Men K1 – 75 kg). Senior Men Musical Form Hard Style).
School: Female Health Worker Training School, School of Nursing, TTC, Ganesh Das Govt MCI-I, Hospital, St Xavier School, Polo, Pynthorumkhrah Golflink Secondary School.
Replying to a question by Bah PN Syiem, on how much money the state government has left to pay, the EM said that as of now, there is no information on how much money the KHADC should receive. According to the directive of the Ministry of Finance (MoF), it is the state government which should tell how much money it should pay to the KHADC. The MoF has allocated funds to the council, although it has paid the budget, but not the loan and until now it has been silent.
It shall not be so.
Speaking to reporters, Donbok K Lyngdoh, said that the MDA government is an animal government, because it loves animals more than humans. They sent to search, they sent to arrest the people who had killed the man.
These five cases include six cases from West Garo Hills and two cases from West Jaintia Hills District. There have been 96845 confirmed cases of COVID-19 since last year, 95202 recoveries, 1626 deaths and 14.3 confirmed cases. 9422 lakh.
“This training center will conduct a survey, prepare the number of employees and other requirements,” Dattatreya said.
Two policemen of Dispur Police Station have been suspended and police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident.
Umïam Police Station on receiving a tip on the incident immediately took action to conduct a search operation at Lad Umsaw Ri Bhoi District and after a while they seized a Maruti and released it. The driver of the vehicle was arrested and taken to the police station for further investigation. After the investigation, the vehicle was handed over to the police station. Mairang Police Station for further investigation.
“According to the needs of the people of the state, the government will look into the establishment of more administrative blocks.
He also urged the people to support them especially in terms of money so that their participation in the championship will be a success.
There are 54 cases in Mymensingh division, 14 in Chattogram, 25 in Khulna, 10 in Barishal, 6 in Sylhet and 7 in Rangpur division.
At the same time, they said that the Garo people who have been in the Khasi Hills since before the state, but cannot vote in the GHADC, because they have been longtrai in the KHADC. It is not necessary to allow Assam to invade more and more areas on the border which are currently in dispute.
On the other hand, the UHM-EJHD has strongly condemned the security forces that although the whole country is under curfew for fear of spreading Covid-19, these two trucks have been found. I don't know what to do in this state.
Liverpool's Van Dijk came second and Juventus' Ronaldo came third.
The proposal to build the railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat (22 kilometers) and from Byrnihat to Shillong (108 kilometres) has not been completed till date due to strong opposition from the Khasi Students Union and the Khasi Students Union (KSU). other civil society groups.
Shillong: Former HSPDP leaders in Mawryngkneng have decided to support the Congress candidate Ronald Kharumnuid from the 6th Sohryngkham Constituency.
The tournament came to an end on Saturday when Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy won 10 medals in the 7th round. 3 gold medals and 3 silver medals.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the state government has already handed over the matter to the State Pollution Control Board to investigate the change in color of the Lukha River. The State Pollution Control Board (STB) has conducted an inspection of the river and the root cause of the change in color is not known.
On the other hand, the party regrets the government's lack of action to welcome the victory and honor it has brought through the difficulties it has faced.
The body was identified and accepted by the owner of Tiklu, Wallambok K Lyngdoh, who is also the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Rock Climbing and Sports Mountaineering Association.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: On the 26th of last month, Lad Mawreng and Mawkalum Villages, have cleaned up the Wam Um Pomtiah, as a sign of protecting the river and the forest.
It is understood from the discussion that the HYC will not allow the KHADC to withdraw the T.20 crore which has been allocated for the benefit of the people.
Kong Lyngdoh also congratulated the United Nations (UN) for recognizing krai not only as an agricultural product with many benefits but also as an endangered species.
He also said that it is estimated that after completion only some of the paint can be cleaned off.
This is the main reason why our beloved nation has been degraded because they are busy only in the struggle for power and want to be leaders and they have forgotten what the nation is like.
LSN Dykes has imposed a micro containment order in Ringkyrtein village after the decrease in the number of cases of COVID-1
The program was conducted by the General Secretary of the Nongkhyriem Youth Association.
Punjab police have arrested the suspects and the investigation is ongoing.
At the same time, the Seng has announced and directed the districts and circle units especially Ribhoi district to be ready for the protests on the railway issue, if the government will listen. The RBYF, HNYF and other organizations have been involved in the protest since the beginning of the protest by sitting at the Additional Secretariat on 21st July and now by holding public meetings at the Additional Secretariat. on 13th November at Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District to urge the government to suspend the railway line.
The raid was conducted after receiving complaints from time to time regarding the spread of drugs and many people who used to set up drug dens in these areas.
Shillong, July 15: The Chairman of the NCST has received a DO (Demi Official) letter dated 13th March 1947 from the first and former Prime Minister Shri Jawaharlal Nehru to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the Prime Minister. The Chairman of the NCST was also presented with the White Paper on Indian States – published by the Government in 1950 – (Khasi States) The Chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) has requested the Chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) to direct the Government of India to take action. The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) has said that the voice of the Chiefs (in a state with only two Lok Sabha MPs) can be heard through the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST). The Hima Khasi States have signed and agreed to join India on the terms of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement on 17th July 1948 with the Dominion of India, but to this day (66 years 1948- 2014 after independence of India) these agreements and commitments are still pending and have not been ratified by the Indian Parliament.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing demanded that all those involved in this case should be arrested and punished according to the law.
“It is an incident that should strongly condemn the police and officers who misuse the law,” said Bah Nongsiang.
He urged them to be aware of the manners especially in foreign villages and requested that when they arrive in Tura they should not look at the shortcomings here and there and if there are any shortcomings inform the leaders of the group so that they can take action. need.
Residents who lived near the scene of the fire on Saturday said they were shocked to hear the screams of people in the area. They immediately informed the authorities of the area for assistance.
Despite the challenges, Murray is still looking forward to returning to the Paris Olympics to win another gold medal.
Shillong: The Executive Member in charge of Trade of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the meeting between the Council and the Rangbah Shnongs has been successful. who wish to do business within the boundary of the Council.
Sohtrun is a very good food for the human body and health.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Chairperson of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Teilinia Thangkhiew, has allowed all the MDCs to congratulate the new CEM of the KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. that works.
Man must be born “of water and the Spirit” John 3:5
At that time, Habakkuk prayed and angrily said to God, “O Lord, how long wilt thou not deliver us out of trouble? Why do you make me see such suffering? How can You look on such an unrighteous thing? Destruction and violence are all around me and there is struggle all around.
In the past, teachers were truly parents because they were able to teach the students properly.
The Commission has issued a statement in Para 32, 'If the purpose of the raid is only to arrest Bah Cheris, then the manner of raid is not necessary to reach the one u pud.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle under the leadership of its Assistant General Secretary, Bah Pynshai Lyngkhoi, today visited the home of Kong Diana Sohtun in Diengiong, following the sudden death of her fourth son, Bah Pynshai Lyngkhoi. Lucas Sohtun, 12 years old, who died on the 22nd of this month due to the floods near his house.
He also asked for the reply to the 5th Finance Commission 2023-24 which has been submitted through the Egram Swaraj portal of the CM.
On the PWD (B) side, we have a team of Engineers, Architects, Design Associates from Delhi who have their own Architects and Engineers and the company implementing this project.
Soon we will be back as we used to say and we will have to see how we can move forward in this regard,” he said.
The inability to hold the tournament is due to the lockdown imposed by the Government of India and the State Government, which has banned public gatherings, which could spread the Covid-19 virus to others.
Jowai: U MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli, Dawan Lyngdoh, has urged the village leaders of the state not to take the law into their own hands at this time when many people have faced many problems. When the people are found passing through the villages, they should not be punished, but should follow the laws and should also know the proper reasons why they are passing through the villages.
On the other hand, Rajamouli has won the audience with the films RRR and Naatu Naatu. The song from this film has also won many awards including the Oscars.
Tomi Lamare scored the first goal for Nonglatem in the 19th minute.
Israel's offensive, this time, is against large-scale street blocks and is its new strategy to fight Hamas militants.
He said that even the headquarters of the Army (GHQ) in Rawalpindi has been attacked by these people for the first time in the country to experience such an incident.
The members of the group are school children, some of them have worked in their own jobs and the contractors also said that when they go to work they throw garbage on the road when they come and go. .
At present, she said, the construction of the house has been completed but all that remains is to draw water and electricity.
The deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 07, Ri Bhoi: 02, West Garo Hills: 02, South Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills respectively.
She also urged him to continue to work hard in his special talents, so that he can reach the goal of victory and bring fame and glory first to his family, the community and the community. the whole state.
Lambokstarwell Marngar will be the President and Donald V Thabah will be the General Secretary.
As usual the residents of Langpih area do not want to fall under Assam, so the allocation of land by Assam is an act of violence and intimidation of the people.
There are now hospitals for the soldiers, a large quantity of ammunition and weapons and a strong media outlet.
This was announced by Dr. M. Mawrie, Shillong.
Sahsniang MDC Ma Habahun Dkhar said that his constituency is close to Khanduli village because in his constituency too it has been harassed by the Assam authorities.
Raj Kumar Singh – Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Power; Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship8.
The BJP is still doing well in Tripura, where it has won 29 constituencies, while the Left, which is allied with the Congress, has won 11 constituencies. that Constituency.
The MFA Football Association (MFA) has announced that due to the lack of seats at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong, three LED giant screens have been installed at the MFA Turf Polo Ground. SSA) Football Ground – I, Polo so that the public can watch live the final match between the two teams.
They said that the fish, which arrived in Umiam, was also found in the cleanest river in Hawaii.
The Health Department or the World Health Organization has clarified that this disease can be spread by shaking hands, kissing, touching each other, and also by sneezing, sneezing without touching the head. and throat, spread, and other ways of contact with those who have the disease.
The match between these two teams from Lyngkyrdem was very interesting and enjoyed by the large number of fans on both sides.
We have also informed the family members and the investigation into the incident is ongoing," he said.
The committee urges the public to cooperate by following the rules of driving and urges the public to refrain from burning fires and maintain a clean environment. the surrounding areas of this sacred mountain of the nation.
Wailad also informed about the work of the MDA government which has tried to work from the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya in 12 places which have been disputed from time to time. time, as well as on the issue of extending the age of government appointment and the issue of motor vehicles.
The fourth and final match of Meghalaya will be against Karnataka tomorrow.
The court also acknowledged that there is no collection of money by the private sector from the land owners and directed the state government to look into the matter and not to take strict measures against those involved.
The quarterfinal match will be between Veterinary and WJH Police tomorrow.
The morning receives its light from the same day, and the night from the same moon.
He said that the Tura Water Supply Scheme which has allocated T.35 crore for parts of Tura city has not been running smoothly. Because despite the implementation of this scheme, the people are still facing problems in drinking water.
The meeting was conducted by Diamondstone Lyngdoh, President of the Joint Action Committee of various drivers' unions in Pynursla area. com.
God does not want this world to be like a battlefield, God wants to help His fellow creatures. When we were children we remember the story of a man named Abubenathem.
There will also be a costume contest designed by Butterfly Clothes and Accessories.
At the same time, the state government has written to the central government to increase the income of parents from T.2.5 lakh tyngka. the central government should increase it so that more students can avail of this benefit.
From June 2022 to April 2022, there were 314 cases of esophagus, 338 cases of head and neck, 44 cases of lungs and 38 cases of cervix.
“Unfortunately, we haven't received 10 naïa for two years,” he said.
Chasing the target, Khalsa Warriors lost all wickets for the loss of 115 runs in 27.2 overs.
Matsiewdor said that two people from Mawdon and Mawkhan have died due to the pyrthat and some of their livestock have also been tied by the pyrthat.
Rs 500 crore has been allocated for this purpose over the next five years.
“Those jobs that cannot provide UC, the Ministry of Finance will stop providing funds,” he said.
Francis RR Songthiang won the gold medal in the 57 kg category from Shillong College.
It’s up to you how to react.
This is also part of the employment opportunities for the youth of the country.
“Those in power now are trying to make sure they stay in power because they worry if they are not in power," he said.
Rangdajied United, the winners of the tournament, won a cash prize of T.5 lakh and a trophy, while Khliehmawlieh won T.3 lakh and a trophy.
Young men, remember the saying of the wise, “Easy come, easy go.
Hek and BJP leaders recently visited Garo Hills to console the family of Bernard.
“T.35 crore has been allocated for the road from Baromile to Chokpot because a good road will bring about economic development,” said NPP President Conrad. scheme, in which the government has spent Rs 450 crore to assist farmers and 6.5 lakh households in the state have benefited from this scheme.
A case has been registered at Lumshnong PS under Case No. 17(3) 2023 u/s 21(b)/29 of the NDPS Act.
Earlier, Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh expressed his concern about the state of education in the state especially the problems of teachers.
Finance Buzz officials in an interview with the media said they are looking for people who can watch all the episodes of Fast and Furious and want to know how interesting and eager they are to watch. all parts of the film.
Shillong: The Executive Member in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the Executive Member in charge of Market, Bah Jambor War, in the presence of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, have decided to All types of plastic bags have been banned from use.
Barisha Dkhar, MBOSE-62.16%, K.B Memorial Sec. School, Wapung.
Stephan KhongwetWhat is this city? Paul says in his letter to the Hebrews (13) chapter (14) verse: “For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come. sa wan"Friends and brothers and sisters in Revelation 21 chapter (2) the verse of John clearly states: “And I saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. God from heaven, who has been prepared as a bride, who has been announced for her husband.
Jowai, Naiwieng 25: The JSU, FKJGP, KSU, HNFY and RBYF today at 3 pm started their rally at Lad Kiang Nangbah Govt.
The union leaders also requested the MLA, Bah RG Momin, to take action to inform the government about their demand, so that the sick can get adequate assistance.
However, Ioana said that at the meeting, the family members were surprised to see that Saiko (Ricky) was not there, and the problem they faced there was that he did not answer the phone. they didn’t know where to look for him.
Michal Chyrmang said that the establishment of these coal mining factories will not bring any benefit, but only pollution of the environment.
Nongpoh, Nailar 10: The Working President of the UDP Umsning Circle, Bah Carlus Kharkongor today announced that he has left the UDP party to support again Bah Jason S Mawlong. Umsning MLA from Umsning Constituency.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, President, Homer Kharkongor, Members of UDP Mawlai Circle, Rangbah Shnong Mawtawar Bah C Kharkongor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawtawar, Bah C Kharkongor, President of UDP Mawlai Circle. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawtawar, the Rangbah Shnong of Madan Mawkhar, Umrynjah and the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkohlew.
The meeting was also held after many of the civil society groups and private individuals donated their blood at the Blood Bank of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for the relief of the people who need blood especially those who need blood. There is an urgent need for blood, but the surprising thing is that the hospital sends patients to the hospital to buy blood from Assam at a reasonable price.
Dwarka Peeth Shankaracharya, one of the religious leaders, said that there will be a procession from Ayodhya to Prayagraj on 10th June
“In the past few days, there have been many bad news spread about my health,” said Shah.
In fact, it is the village headmen who should complain and bring before the government.
Prakash said Lahkmen had alleged that he was Prakash's company and a supplier and donor to Stephanson.
Regarding the donation, the RBYF leaders said that the reason why the RBYF has donated to the school is after they have seen the school. The school needs to get tins to cover the school and to accommodate the children who go to study inside the school.
We must get what we demand and the party will go to talks to approve the new Reservation Policy, otherwise I will not leave this place to be arrested.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated all on the National Voters Day.
I am grateful that the ECC has provided CCTv cameras at the polling stations,” said Bah Sunida.
These Home Quarantine Dairies will be distributed to all the villages which have already established Village Health Committees, and will also be for the villages which have to follow up if there are those who come from abroad within the village. They will have to comply with the requirements of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Arsenal beat the Major League Soccer (MLS) All-Star 5-0 in a friendly at Audi Field on Tuesday.
Nongpoh: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has failed to repair many of the damaged parts of the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District. The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Sengkmie, in connection with the failure to improve the road, has led the RBYF leaders to demand that the NHAI should stop the collection of taxes at the Toll. Pahammawlein Gate, from the vehicles parked on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi.
The SAFF Championship 2023 will start on July 21, with Kuwait facing Nepal in Bengaluru, followed by India vs Pakistan on the same day.
In a statement, the Seng through Bah Donlang Nongbri General Secretary said that the illegal movement of trucks carrying more than 14 and 20 tonnes through the Umngot/Dawki Bridge has created a serious threat. The bridge, which was built since the British era in 1932, can collapse at any time.
Besides Ka Chithi, two other films have been selected from the region, Joseph's Son from Manipur directed by Haobam Paban Kumar and Samparpan from Assam directed by Arup Manna.
It is here that they understand that they have made a covenant with Death.
Nehlang said that Meghalaya has 77 IAS officers, but there are only 41 IAS officers and the shortage is 36 officers. The officers have disrupted the work of the government because it has become too heavy for the IAS officers and therefore there is a need to have their own team.
For Jharkhand, the team received a strong support from leading batsman Kumar Deobrat who scored 164 runs off 132 balls with one four and many sixes.
He said that the census will be to identify those who are eligible and those who have come illegally and the census will be publicly announced in the media.
“The government has also prepared a roadmap to further promote the economic development of the state and change for the people,” he added.
Obil Kyndait, former MDC who won six times from 4-Tuber Constituency and also served many times as CEM and Chairman of JHADC in 2009-1 He became MLA of Rymbai Constituency in
From the beginning He had said to Abraham, “That your seed should sojourn in a strange land” (Acts 7:6).
This parking of their vehicles has stopped all other vehicles from passing and has disrupted the paths of the people.
Sohra candidate Harold Firming Khongsit said that there should be no change in this election and the TMC will bring about change when it comes to power.
Pulwama suicide bomber in 2019, 40 CRPs were killed. India has lost 3 days after Amit Shah's visit to Assam. .
In today's world where climate change is also affecting agriculture, it is essential to guide farmers on how to ensure that their crops are healthy. those that are right, and not those that have to be thrown away when the harvest comes.
When asked whether the dorbar was held on the 30th of this month, he said, “I will wait for the remaining day and I will speak again after the meeting. “I have received the reply of the EM who has given me 10 days,” said Bah Tein.
The KSU said that the proper implementation of the MRSSA will also help in the fight against drugs and other crimes.
On the other hand, Bah Khymdeit said that the departure of these UDP leaders is not for any reason but it is of their own free will and understanding.
“The Revenue Department and Urban Affairs Department have already been directed to prepare the DPR, which will include the designs and all the costs,” said the Chief Secretary.
"MeECL," said Sanjay Goyal, Managing Director of MeECL in an interview with media on Tuesday.
Students from Nongjrong after passing matriculation have to go to Higher Secondary School in Jongksha.
In fact, here in our country, even though there are different religious beliefs, we don't have that bigotry or religious discrimination because we respect each other, the dead and the living, the weight and the shon are the same, because The Khasi do not have such a conception of secularism.
Shillong: The Convener of the Revolutionary Group “Iada iala Ri” on Tuesday said that the demand for Inner Line Permit is now far from the people. The Chief Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government have agreed to abolish the subject ILP and take the issue to the MRSSA. Pledge taking by all the members who have joined the Revolution for the Defense of the Country at Mawlai Phudmuri Square.
Food also plays an important role in maintaining cholesterol in the body.
When asked about the presence of police on the NH6, the DGP said, “The police do not have a Police Checking Point on the road, but there is only a Patrol Point. “If you have any information about illegal activities, please contact us and we will take action”.
The Census 2011 shows that Meghalaya has a population of less than 40 lakh, and the children of Hynniewtrep do not exceed 100,0
They also ate kdang from the same khiew ja and from the same khiewjyntah.
These 9 farmland are owned by Persara Manar, Riwiar Manar and Synta Philomina Manar. If you have 10 lakh, you have to pay T.10 or T.20 thousand to the owner.
“I hope we will try to bring the honor of the Council and not to think of ourselves,” said Kong Thangkhiew.
Therefore, the party through this statement would like to inform all the members of the party to come and condole with his family and also to be present on the funeral service of him on the 25th of this month. On the 1st of July at 1:00 pm at Lumjingtep of Bataw Presbyterian Church, said a statement from the General Secretary of the party, Samla Namphrangmi L.Talang.
The Seng invites the youth to attend the rally to be held on the 28th of this month. /10/22 by starting the march from Motphran to Madan Ïewrynghep (Fire Brigade) which will start at 11:00 pm.
It is when you make this decision that you will sleep peacefully.
The KHNAM has decided to hold its General Council on July
And when he had eaten, he fell to the ground like a man.
The site is located along the National Highway-40. The road to reduce traffic during the Cherry Blossom Festival will be along the Guwahati-Shillong, Mawiong-ISBT Bypass and Mawdiangdiang Bypass.
In another incident, Dines Kumar Thakur, 23, was shot dead at Happy Valley Market in Shillong this evening.
Shillong, July 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday invited all the Rangbah Shnongs of the state to attend the meeting to discuss the issue of The meeting will also be a meeting where the HYC together with the Rangbah Shnongs will discuss the 27th July, CEM KHADC Adelbert Nongrum will appear before the High Court.
Shillong, March 24: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat has alleged that foreign forces are involved in the unrest in Manipur.
Therefore, the government is requested to take appropriate decisions to alleviate the suffering of the people by reducing the VAT on the sale of petrol and diesel,” said the letter signed by the General. HYC CEC Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
However, the party will not go back until it finds out all the facts.
Idashisha Nongrang IPS, IPS, has been appointed as the new Director General of Police (DGP), ANTF on Tuesday morning seized heroin worth up to 100 grams of heroin. T.5.5 crore from Lumshnong area, East Jaintia Hills and arrested the person involved.
Meanwhile, SDO of Sohra Shantanu Sharma will be appointed as the CEO of the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society.
As part of the camp, a walk from NEAU Campus to Thadlaskeiñ Pond was also conducted.
Nongpoh, June 16: With the aim of bringing about a clean environment and with the aim of preserving the life forms that live in the waters and also to see the beauty of the The Wah Umlew Protection Committee, which is in charge of the Wah Umlew Protection Committee, which is used by eight villages in the Nongtraw area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday, The cleanliness drive was conducted to educate the public to take care of the rivers and preserve the fish.
It will improve and upgrade various health facilities and is preparing to implement the Chief Minister's Affordable Drug Centers to assist with the cost of medicines.
Referring to the support of the elders from all over the constituency, Bah Lyngdoh said, “For me, there is no old or new, the supporters also support with love and our family has also supported us. give a wholehearted service to all.
He said that out of T.182 crore, T.91 crore has already been sent, out of which T.45.5 crore is untied grant, T.45.5 crore is tied grand and T.45.5 crore is tied grand. This T.20 crore is for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council for which the state government has not yet released the money.
“End this drama Delimitation and you have passed without the knowledge of the people, because once again there is no reason to destroy the constituency that has existed since ancient times, but there is a reason to create it if necessary. the demand of the time,” said Bah Adelbert.
In relation to the intensity of light produced in its colors, the temperature is measured by the amount of light that has its color according to the temperature, which cannot be understood. exactly like the power of the sun.
However, at a meeting convened by the state government today, the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) said that it will be implemented from the academic session 2023-2
Not only that, the Congress should not forget the shooting death of nine students near the MBOSE office in Tura and Williamnagar during the tenure of Mukul Sangma as Home Minister. in 2005.
I too, as the son of a farmer, rejoiced that my brothers and sisters would live together; But in 2003, before the elections, when I went north to Mawiong, I was surprised to hear from an unknown man who told me that after the opening of the MECOFED market, the market of kharkaia began to fall.
However, it is wrong to blame the parents who cannot provide for their children, because in the love of their children, they forget to control that love, but without Think and without asking your children, the money is given as much as they ask for, they don't count or ask why they need too much money, when it has already been provided.
Other programs on the occasion included the awarding of the Kayakalp Awards to Tura Civil Hospital for the Best District Hospital, Sohiong CHC for the Best Community Health Centre. Jongkha PHC received the Primary Health Center award and Thynroit Sub Center received the Health and Wellness Centre award.
I was taken to the hospital for treatment.
Speaking to media, Ampareen said, “ASHAs are volunteers and the Government also pays financial assistance for their services in the health department. In the past few months, there has been a time when the payment of the ASHAs has been delayed but the MDA Government has taken action to pay the ASHAs. I have been informed of their demands, which include the provision of free medical treatment to all ASHAs if they suffer from illnesses. In this regard, the government has promised to assist. I'm sorry," she said.
It was also alleged that this statement has discouraged and affected the people and especially the village leaders of the area, who have fought from time to time to oppose the border crossing by Assam.
The Pahamsyiem Madan in Nongpoh has been one of the most famous stadiums in Ri Bhoi where football tournaments and other sports games have been held at this ground for decades now and until today. I have never seen any change in the fact that as soon as the rainy season comes, this field has become a field of hands.
The Puja was held under the supervision of the Central Puja Committee (CPC).
It was also witnessed that many of the comments said that Ri Hynniewtrep was not a full part of India until 1945-48 and this claim of Mohan Bhagwat that we are Hindus is unfounded.
“Mrs Nirmala Sitaraman has a different personality, way of thinking and vision for the economy of the country as well as the officers who work with her.
The arrest of the HITO member is shocking.
Rudolf Bultman did not intend to promote the New Testament, but through this he intended to bring about a new reading and explanation in order to overcome the mysteries of science.
Tomorrow they will return home.
When asked how many people have taken lyer from the Ialam Gas Agency, he said that more than 600 people have taken lyer from him.
It was also seen that it had seized power in the states of India from the rule of the Congress Party.
Raising the issue in the Zero Hour Notice, HM Shangpliang said, “The MBDA has forbidden the land owners and villagers who are the owners of the property to to take care of the bridges, which were built by the ancients.
The fine was collected from those who drive under the influence of alcohol, those who talk on the phone while driving, those who do not wear snieh, those who drive without a helmet, those who speed and others who violate the rules of law.
In Shella constituency, people don't look at party, they look at person. I tell them that if all those who want change in Shella constituency don't unite, their desire to bring about change will not reach anywhere. I urge all those who want change to come together and understand that only one candidate should be allowed to contest alone against Dr. Don. If there are others who want to contest, I am ready. If they allow me to contest from any party, they should support me from the bottom of my heart, we will contest, there without fail Dr.Don uba “The city will be able to count again,” said Bah Leston.
If this happens, it will weaken the controls and need to be adjusted.
The Assam Rifle is one of the oldest troops in the state, both before and after independence.
The project will also strengthen the fight against floods by providing more weather information systems.
Those who attended the function included Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Bah VA Hynniewta EAC Ri-Bhoi, Paiem Wanphrang Syiem Sirdar Nongpoh District, others. the Raid and the leaders of the women's organization.
APEX is a new and different initiative as AVENUES has developed it in line with the National Education Policy 2020 to introduce science education to teach children how to develop their thinking and to be able to ask questions and not just accept what they hear or read.
This work cannot be achieved without the cooperation of the committees from both the states,” said Conrad.
In today's society we think that 'thoh' means to write letters, to write books and we don't think that it means to write shun on wood, write shun on stone, write shun on wood, write shun on children's clothes. , writing hate on property has deep-seated characteristics.
MPCC Leader Ronnie V. Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the party's poor performance in the last elections is due to the withdrawal of MLAs from the party. .
UDP leaders from President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and other UDP leaders and supporters from Sohiong will attend the ceremony.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 4 cases including 3 high risk cases and one health worker.
Ummulong won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 165 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets.
All these things will happen soon according to the signs in the world today.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills on 20th March has sent a letter to the National Highway Authority to order the construction of the road within 15 days. This is the sign that NHAI has built the road.
Therefore, they should work hard to join hands with students from other parts of the world in the use of technology in their daily education.
Furthermore, the existing rules, safeguards, veterinary services, training and training are being monitored by local experts.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Damanbait Lamare MLA Umroi as the chief guest, in the presence of Bah Shalan Sylliang, President of TJUFA, Bah PB Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong Umdohbyrthih and others. old man.
“We don't want to put old wine in new bottles like other parties just to strengthen the party,” he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today slammed the Congress party for misleading the people by worshiping cows in Madhya Pradesh while its leaders don't eat meat. cows and slaughter of cows in Kerala.
He encouraged the locals to start fishing business and create employment opportunities for the locals.
No one was injured in the incident.
Khliehriat Lber 30 : Regarding the strong opposition of the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai to the Dalmia Company, the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People Dalmia has been appointed as the Dorbar Shnong of Thangskai.
In a meeting with the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, he admitted that a new company has come to the JHADC for approval, but the council has refused and ordered The JHADC has not issued the NOC or any documents to the company and then it will be considered and decided whether to accept or reject the application of the company. in relation to the new dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills.
Police said that according to investigation, Nursad's friends may have committed the crime while drinking with him, by getting him drunk and then they robbed him. and he shall put it into his body.
If this lead enters our body there are many harmful effects especially on children.
Shillong: Mukul Sangma has won from Ampati while Ampareen Lyngdoh has won from East Shillong.
The total number of cases has risen to 1.5 million and the death toll to 64,2
Shillong: Two more persons who had close contact with one of the soldiers who tested positive for Covid-19 have tested positive today, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The jacket, which is available in two colors, is made by Burberry, a foreign company, and is priced at T.68,145 on the Bloomingdales website.
On the other hand, he said that Sohiong MLA Bah Samlin Malngiang who won the election from the HSPDP will soon join the NPP in the coming days.
His voice will always be loud and his voice cannot be counted, because he still has the voice to speak to people and inspire people to win elections.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : U Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday informed the House that there are about 1500 villages across the state which do not have Anganwadi Centres.
The woman, who was raped by Habib, was identified as Pooja Gupta of Baghpat.
This was announced at a press conference today through the members of the Miss Meghalaya Organization, including Bah Brian Wallang, an expert in the field of education and dress code. Rochelle Wahlang, a local entrepreneur who has won many awards in the past years including the Miss Meghalaya award.
On the part of the Nartiang Village Authority under the leadership of Chemphang Myria as Waheh Shnong, he said that this meeting is acceptable to his group because they respect the law and their dignity. the village and the district as a whole.
Shylla said that the speech of the Minister in Parliament, that the Government of India, has decided to start uranium mining in the State, has shocked and shocked the people. The BJP or the Congress has been increasingly confused about the statement of the Government of India and the State Government. The Government of India, is going ahead with this work, there is a great danger, because some youths are even ready to commit suicide, in order to stop this work of uranium mining.
We have the right to choose any party but if we are in any party we will support the issues of the nation and not the party.
Pope Francis' Apostolic Nuncio to India and Nepal, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli, Priests from Jowai, Nongstoin and other places will also be present on the occasion.
Rupang.com is still looking for more information on the incident.
Furthermore, KHNAM has rejected the claim of Bah Process who has admitted that his victory is not the victory of KHNAM, but the trust of the people in him. “We strongly condemn the departure of Bah Process, who doesn't care about Mawlai, those who betray the ARPA are those who want to betray the people and the nation,” he said. Pyndap Saibon said while talking to reporters on Tuesday.
In a few days, the people of Sohiong constituency will decide whom to send to the Legislative Assembly.
Sweden has stringent waste management policies.
Shillong: U Shri SA Sangma of Sadar Police Station, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 31st of last month, there was a post on the Facebook page of Sadar Police Station. Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Shillong City.
"In order for the Hospital to live up to the call to service, the Church must be fair, transparent and accountable.
Two other residents of the area were injured in the clash between the two groups.
In Meghalaya, maternal mortality is very high and has reached 248 in
He said that the leadership of the Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills and the Superintendent of Police Traffic Shillong has shown the ethnic differences which has raised the question of many churches since ancient times. The SP traffic has been appointed to conduct such operations.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, on Tuesday urged the officers not to be afraid of failures in their work.
One body to develop the higher education sector including the training of non-medical and law teachers – the Higher Education Commission of India (HECI) – and the standard setting bodies – the General Education Council; funding -Higher Education Grants Council (HEGC); accreditation – National Accreditation Council (NAC); regulations – National Higher Education Regulatory Council (NHERC);xxiii.
The Policy also lists 37 sports in the State and that the Government will take action to promote them according to these rules; one, it should be a major sport in India, second, it should be a popular sport in the State, third, it should be a sport that the athletes can and have hope to win medals and other rules.
She said that the Government needs the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs as the Government alone cannot look after the needs of more than 6000 villages in the State. it is the Dorbar Shnongs who have worked hard to save the State from the great loss of lives.
We expect many good things and benefits from it.
Shillong, July 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday hoped that the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State will be in a different manner.
So far, 5,000 people have been quarantined and searched at various hospitals in the state and the search is ongoing for 2,000 others in Gujarat, Tamil Nadu. Nadu and Telangana.
FKJGP War-Jaintia Circle President Bahshlur Mukhim urged MeECL to immediately repair the transformer of the village and to ensure the rights of the electricity consumers.
“On my part, I demand from the Government of India to implement our demands and I also request the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that if necessary they have to take action to “I have taken everyone to Delhi to demand ILP in the state,” he said.
iii) The giving of motherhood is a custom and tradition established by man and created by man.
Shillong: There have been 693 new cases of covid-19 in the state today, while 519 people have recovered and 5 people have died.
Because it has been seen that these days the thinking among the people is not good and they don't think too much about others but only to improve themselves.
Sharad Pawar and Ajit Pawar of the Nationalist Congress Party held rallies at Yashwantrao Chavan Center in South Mumbai and Bhujbal Knowledge City in Bandra.
This year, they have left it alone but have cleaned up only the sañium on both sides of the road.
The last destruction of Jerusalem by burning the Temple was in 586 B.C. This Temple was destroyed by the Babylonians after the death of Solomon.
Jowai, Nailar 28: At least 300 residents of Mutong village in East Jaintia Hills have come out to protest for the construction of the footpath to the Moopun Valley. making the place one of the tourist attractions.
They said that the traffic jam is not caused by their vehicles because even though these vehicles are not allowed to operate in Motphran and Khyndailad areas, the traffic jam in these areas is still the same.
There are many laws such as the education law, the discrimination against children and women, the employment law, the inheritance law, and other crimes against which the law prohibits.
The presence of researchers will help to delve into the various countries and establish the principles related to legislation.
What happened after that? There were not even 10 righteous people but only the family of Lot, where even Lot's wife turned into a stone in the middle of the road to Mount Zoar, to escape they fled to Mount Zoar. as the angels of God commanded them.
To revive the festival for the promotion of strawberry cultivation in Meghalaya, on 12th June, the Department of Horticulture in collaboration with the Department of Tourism has started to hold the second Strawberry Festival The event will be held in three districts including Ri Bhoi District, East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills.
In the collision, the driver of the Swift sustained serious injuries from the steering wheel from the shadow until he bled from his mouth.
However, on July 13, when the vehicle was coming from Mawsynram to Thieddieng, it fell into the night.
While the peace talks between the government and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) are ongoing, a new armed group has suddenly emerged in Khasi Jaintia Hills. of Nongkyndong (NLCN) after the arrest of nine leaders on Tuesday.
In a meeting with the Director of School Education and Literacy, MSSASA Shri Ambrose Ch.
Bah Dondor Giri Nongkhlaw has explained the word LOI in his book, “Water and Rights in the Sea,” which he wrote as follows: “Wei Loi – Zero or naught.
Date: 12/02/2021, The HYC has expressed its surprise and allegation that the KHADC which was created specifically for the purpose of preserving the Riti ki Customs and other unique characteristics of the Khasi people, but it has ignored and violated the great responsibility by allowing/involved as follows: According to the complaint of the HYC to the CEM KHADC : On these issues, the HYC has urged the KHADC: The HYC has also demanded from the KHADC: At the same time, we would like to give our opinion to you and the KHADC- Purple Star.
“Of course I understand, but I don't know how much money we have now,” said my beloved mother.
Because the British Government has already taken over the Jaintia Hills including the present Karbi Anglong Elaka of Assam since 1935, it has separated from the Hima Khyrim under the rule of the Hima Khyrim. the king and the council of the Khasi Hills.
However, it is easy to abolish this politics in such a way that the Dorbar Shnong, elected by the male and female residents and confirmed by law, should be fully responsible for the implementation of all the development scheme in the village and should prohibit by law the MLA or MP or MDC from interfering in the affairs of the village.
AICTE – Saksham Scholarship Scheme is available for those with disabilities who are studying in 1st year or 2nd year Degree/Diploma Course at any approved AICTE institution. only those with a disability of less than 40% can apply.
Shillong: The water shortage in the past few days and months has increased over time and one of the reasons is due to the burning of water pipes distributing to parts of the country. Shillong Greater has been severely affected from time to time and the loss of water supply to Shillong is also difficult to predict.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that it is Saket Gokhale who has come to explain what he knows about Meghalaya. .
As soon as he ate, the devil laughed.
Mulang Ïalong FC improved their performance and scored another goal in the 64th minute through Nidaroi. Mulieh who was fully prepared to win the victory.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the DC, Bah Ferdynald K Kharkamni, said that since the incident at Umsaw Lumdorbar, it has been about two months since the incident. There is no action from the district authorities and the government to do anything about this incident and this has put the residents of the village in shock.
We demand that he should immediately apologize to the news channels or through the newspapers or correct these words which he has spoken against us Jaintia people within 48 hours otherwise we will take legal action against him.
On the other hand, the CoMSO today started implementing its own ILP by searching for foreigners entering the State.
He said that every election that the party contests, the goal is to fight to win and the party's preparation for this election is to win in this constituency (Sohiong).
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) today sent a petition to the Superintendent of Police (RBSU) to express its strong opposition to the There has been a huge illegal trade in Diesel and Petrol in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, June 3 : The Chairman of the State Planning Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Board is not only a place to sit but a platform to shape the future of the state.
Welcoming the IFMA Senior Muay Thai Championship 2022 in Abu Dhabi including Balaseibok Kharbuli who competed in the Under-23 male category in the weight category of 48 KG and Samla Skhem Marwein won the bronze medal in the Senior Male Elite 48 KG category, accompanied by coach Angelus Sun and Pynsuk Sumer (referee).
Four of the injured include children, men and women, while a doctor escaped along with 28 other passengers.
There were four people in the truck including the driver and after the incident the driver of the truck fled the scene with other passengers. The truck was seriously injured.
It is the highest think tank and its mission is to create and coordinate development projects in the country.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Workers Union (MWU) today launched an indefinite strike in Lawmali against the government's silence on the demand that the government should take over and manage the strike. The Emergency Cell should be disbanded and the GVK Company which operates the 108 Ambulances should be disbanded immediately.
He said that if the road is built, it will also help to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong and about half of the traffic jam in Mawlai could be reduced if there is this road.
The census will be based on the 1951 and 1961 censuses.
Lajong and Rangdajied were the teams that reached the final of the MSL 2019 which was held in Khliehriat, but the SLFC won by tie-breaker 3-0
Regarding the allegation against the KSU, Samla Pator said that the allegation by the Shnong, that the KSU is involved in illegal activities and also that it interferes with the village affairs, is false. The reason for this is that the union has gone to help Kong Imshida Thangkhiew, an ASHA worker and the village has decided to dismiss her. .
They also sought clarification from the KHADC whether it has any role in issuing the article after it became clear that the DCA department has also had a role in the issue.
Rispilda Phawa, Head Teacher of Mukhaialong Neiñ Lower Primary School.
Especially in the chiefly areas (which benefit from the presence of chiefs) if there is anything against their authority, they will fight in the name of custom.
“We need to go back and demand the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement,” he said.
The video shows the policeman with another policeman driving a white police motorcycle (Pulsar) with the Police sign.
“First of all, the right platform is with the Prime Minister.
God wants us to know Him and so He came to earth so that we could have a relationship with Him and also with fellow human beings and fellow creatures.
We have taken this to the Health and Family Welfare Department and also to the state government to express our disagreement with the low allocation,” said Bah Thabah.
At the meeting held in Gauhati, Khonglah was also elected from the MIECC as the Vice President of the Indo-Bangla Chamber of Commerce. , from Meghalaya, who received the Bangladesh award.
(Romans 6:23) It is from sin that all the evil things in our lives come, even what we don't want to do but the sin that dwells in our hearts wants to do it. you're not snow.
He urged the Minister of Home Affairs to get the approval of the VAB. He also informed the Minister of Home Affairs that the laws of the two district councils of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. The District (Village Administration) Bill, 2014 and the Jaintia Autonomous District Council Bill, after correction it was sent to the Governor.
The Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department has raised the need for a veterinary hospital, livestock farm, especially a pig farm and animal shelters that the BSF has seized from cattle smugglers.
He said the committee has also read the list of 53 villages approved by the state government in
New Delhi: A total of 69 Border Security Force (BSF) personnel have tested positive for the coronavirus.
Nadda also mentioned the development that the North East has experienced since the BJP came to power in the central government under Narendra Modi as Prime Minister.
In the Qualifier-1, Khliehriat West FC defeated Sutnga SSCC. Even in the rain, Sutnga West FC did not allow Khliehriat West FC to score. SSCC, both sides ended in a draw.
On the other hand, the Deputy CEM said that the Council has given this approval to the factory on the basis that they have received the Single Window Agency from the state government. The Council has also received permission from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board according to the rules and on these grounds the Council itself has no right to refuse, he said.
He said that the students should work hard and succeed in their studies, so that they can improve the society.
The father who lives only in the lyngkar with the buaid ka tanglang, the thok and the shukor of the mother who lives only in the job of lorni bishni telling stories everywhere, does not have time to look after the family, children, They don't know where they go, they don't know what they do, their children want to go out and bad friends become alcoholics, drug addicts, drug addicts, gradually become thieves and robbers.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Generous Warlarpih said that the price of beef in Shillong has reached T.300 to T.360 per kilo. On the other hand, he said that if it is possible to stop the smuggling of beef to Bangladesh, the price of beef will decrease. The price of T, 250 per kilogram.
The Khasi used to go to the house of Shang from one village to another to look for children around the neighboring villages and far away. Any household that doesn't have a young woman spends months and years.
On the other hand, the Seng leaders appeal to the people to come and take part in this march, which will be held on the 22nd November
Following the example of the new thinking of the 16 elders who founded the Seng Khasi on the path of knowledge of man and knowledge of God, it is in this heritage that we must do something and remember to The blood of these 16 Rangbah has flowed in the blood vessels of the present generation for the survival of the nation and the strengthening of the religion.
The union strongly condemns this action of the government which attacks only the indigenous people and also condemns the arrest of Agnes who went to speak out against the people.
Therefore, the time for us is not long, therefore it is time to surprise mankind lest the Apot Sepsngi lead us to the destruction of eternal life.
Jhalupara, Jeep Stand, Police Bazar, Polo Market, Laitumkhrah Market, Rynjah Market, Laban Market, Datbaki (Mawlai) and others.
“This is politics, politics means serving the people, not serving money,” said Bah Himalaya.
Twelve hours after the incident, another well-dressed robber opened fire at a liquor store in Ohio and killed nine people.
The Word of God tells us that when Abraham got up early in the morning, he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah and in those valleys he saw smoke rising like a flame of fire.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah S Mawiong, one of the owners of the land in Paham Jirang, said that the Sengbhalang groups in Jirang have been insulting the villagers to call for talks with the Dkhars. the leaders of the fields in Jirang.
Shillong: The Chairman of CoMSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjarin, today evening said that there was a shootout between the police and the people in front of the Governor's House on the 13th of November.
And others are used; Not chatting with friends, No young no old.
The first of the five matches, each of which will last about three days, will be against Bihar.
There are 693 cases in East Khasi Hills and 388 cases in East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will once again hold a national awakening day on the 4th of this month. The KSU has invited the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to attend the meeting at the venue to be announced soon by the KSU. The GS said that programs and marches have been prepared.
This time, Dharmendra has attended several public meetings for his wife Hema Malini, who is the current MP and is contesting from Mathura.
“The reason for the clashes was after a power struggle between the two groups for control of the area.
Because religion is your soul.
He continued his education at Government Boys High School, Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District has expressed its concern and responsibility for the youth of the area who have talent in many fields. The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, today met with the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District with a letter to inform her of some of the issues they have raised. ask.
Mawkyrwat, July 13: Rangdajied United Football Club beat Shillong Lajong FC 4-3 in the semi-final of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) on Saturday. The meeting was held at Mawkyrwat Zone, MDSA, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) MLA Hamletson Dohling, who is also the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, on Tuesday said that the PDF party is against the introduction of the railway to this state if the laws to protect the people cannot be implemented.
The village leaders have clarified publicly on the comments that appeared in the media on 28th October, which have been a slander against the Dorbar Shnong.
If we don't want to use the word Municipal, there are other ways to create these ULBs. The first is for the State Government to amend the Municipality Act. in accordance with our needs and the areas under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The Labor Department of the State Government has increased the wages in the past few months, which is a welcome development for the people of the State as a whole.
At that time, the police said that they could no longer control the crowd and fired a pistol in the air to disperse the crowd.
As the slaughterers in Jowai, they have often forbidden to slaughter any cows that are no longer suitable for slaughter.
The Garo call the Lyngngam 'megam' and the Lyngngam call the Garo 'dko'
“We have taken this issue seriously because we see that it is through these three Councils which are under the Constitution of India, that we the small paid have survived and survived until now".
God answered Habakkuk immediately.
That's why many women choose to wear it every day and why these clothes have that look and feel.
Edilbert I Ryndongsngi is the son of AP Shadap and Daplin Ryngdongsngi, residents of Iewmawlong. Jotina Klein is the son of Hondy Klein and Rose Bey.
According to police sources, Meban Talang, the brother of I Love You Talang, today led the Nartiang Police Station to the place where he and two friends, broke the car. The body of the 29-year-old man was identified as Bah Pynkhreh Surong.
In the past few months, he has announced that he will contest the election from Mylliem constituency.
The meeting was attended by Kurush Irani, President Group – CSR and Pallavi Gandhalikar, National Head – CSR of Bajaj Finserv.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said, “The HYC has received an estimate for all the equipment required for the installation of the smart meter”.
At present we have only Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Constituencies – 36 Assembly constituencies fall under Shillong and 24 Assembly constituencies fall under Tura.
Jowai, November 19: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaintia Hill District, after receiving a complaint from the public regarding the lack of punctuality of the employees of a government department under the PWD Road (South Jowai Division), has decided to The Organizing Secretary and Vice President of the office today visited the office to find out the lack of punctuality of the employees of the office.
The meeting was chaired by FKJGP Central Body leaders Danny C Khongsit, Kitbok Nongphlang and Chief Organizing Secretary. units.
Earlier, Bah Nujorki expressed his surprise over the decision of the MSPCB to issue new coke permits (CTE) to four coke factories in East Jaintia.
“It is surprising to see that instead of revising the policy, the government has taken more attention to the Roster System,” he said.
Two auditors, leaders and members of the Village Defense Party (VDP), Village Youth Wing, STEDS and 12 members of the Executive Committee including two women were also elected.
According to the information received in 2012, there are 27 government departments and corporations that have allocated land in the New Shillong Township.
The upgradation of Ranikor C&RD Block to an Administrative Unit will greatly assist the people in many ways in relation to government related activities.
An earthquake measuring 5.7 on the Richter Scale struck the area at 2:39 pm this morning.
At this meeting, the government did not discuss the Reservation Policy and this prompted the VPP leaders to leave the meeting immediately.
This has happened to our nation, because our leaders whom we have elected to protect and defend for the nation are still busy doing other things that are not related to the building of the state and the country. nation.
The JSU said that it is necessary to get such 100 beds prefab corona care centers to prevent the spread of the disease.
The Behdeinkhlam Festival of the Seiñraij Mukhla has reached its third day on Friday and will end tomorrow on the 20th at the Seiñraij Mukhla Hall, Mukhla Nongrim at 2:00 pm.
Mawrie said that before Dr Chuba Ao's statement, BJP Tura spokesperson Bernard R Marak had said that in Garo Hills everyone is on Mawrie's side.
Mary” The writer asked a question and when Mary answered, she said, “Yes Bah, please feel free to quote my statement.
The tournament will start from 27th March to 9th November, in a league-cum-knockout format of five teams.
This has reached the authorities of the two districts, West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong, but has not reached anywhere.
Wanbha Phawa scored the first goal for Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu in the 21st minute.
Dr Mukul Sangma as a leader and on his part should advise the Government and work together with responsibility for their own State.
This is the film starring Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan.
The project was implemented by AMTRON in collaboration with various government departments such as the Ministry of DoNER; Vardhaman Mahavir Medical College & Safdarjung Hospital, New Delhi; Design Innovation Center, UIET, Panjab University, ALIMCO, and PSU of Ministry of Social Justice & Development, Government of India.
He said that even the Deputy Commissioners of the two districts West and South West have said that there is no land in these districts to set up camp for the ANVC-B, but the surprising thing is that Dr. Mukul Sangma has not. Expressing his concern over the government's plan, Robert said that the Khasi Hills especially those in the Khasi Hills. The border with Garo Hills is the most dangerous area, and if the government sets up a camp there, the danger is that they can operate freely, because even those who are not in the peace talks. They cannot operate independently, especially the ANVC-B which is in the middle of the agreement.
Shillong, July 13 : The exhibition 'Where the Mind is without Fear' was held at BTU Gallery, Bangkok, Thailand on July 12,
Through this ICT Lab, the school has also received 9 computers, internet, printer, projector to enable the students to learn about computers and technology especially in this field. The present age of technology to keep up with the knowledge of others in the field of computers.
Marak, 40, of Tura, WGH. The injured were identified as Bitching N Marak, Esther R Marak, Kingstar Ch Momin, Bikram Chetry, David R Marak, Gopbison R Marak, Gracefield K Sangma, The injured Homeguard was identified as Princess S Sangma.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Hamlet expressed his pride that at this juncture, the state has been able to produce talented athletes like Bonifilia who has not only been selected. to lead but to be part of the First XI within the national team.
He said that as a nation it is to show to the world the uniqueness of the nation.
“I have 12,700 votes and if I get 4000 votes from the Congress vote bank, I am sure I will win easily,” said PT Sawkmie.
“The RDA as it has been in existence since 2018, the HSPDP and the UDP are strong in cooperation.
We often hear this when people in the midst of physical weakness prefer to sleep on green plants.
The meeting was conducted by Ma Elias Susngi President Nartiang Block Congress Committee in the presence of leaders of the District Congress Committee. Mawhati Constituency Bah Charles Marngar and others.
Shillong, March 6: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday submitted its investigation report to the Meghalaya High Court on allegations of illegal appointment of MPS officers by the MPSC. The CBI has ordered to investigate the petition filed by Millon Ch, Momin, who is contesting the examination, alleging that there was fraud in the recruitment for 34 posts. Meghalaya Police Service Officer within the State Police Department.
They have been taken to court and police are seeking further investigation.
So God said, "Moses, I will send you to Pharaoh, that you may bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.
Shillong, March 22: The Biennial Dorbar Pyllun of the Seng Kur of Mei-Sin and her children was held at the Community Hall, Jaiaw Lum Pyllon, Shillong on 22nd March, From all the villages, Kurbah (Rapsang M/K), Majaw, Lyngwi, Syngkli, Muktieh, Khongji, Lyngdoh Peinlang and Hynniewta (Langpen), the leaders arrived. – old, female, young.
Ma Lostar Bareh, son of (L) Hun Bareh and (L) Brave Lytan and husband of Kong Ioh Dkhar, resident of Dulong, Jowai, passed away on 19/12/2 .
We must not allow the rivers of the country to be destroyed.
At the time of receiving this news, it is not known who owns the child and the child has been taken to Neigrim Hospital for tests.
On arrival at the DTO office in Nongpoh, Rahul Gandhi along with thousands of people marched to the Pahamsyiem Nongpoh Square and held a public meeting there.
After the celebration and blessing of the people with the Holy Sacrament of the Duwan, before the Lama of the Jowai Diocese Catholic Youth Movement was unveiled by Wailadmiki Shylla MLA who is also MLA of 2 Jowai Assembly Constituency, There was a cultural program such as “Khasi Gospel Dance” from Khliehriat Parish, Shadpliang & Shad-sahep from Jowai Parish, Shad Rongkhli from Amlarem Parish and others. they are traditional songs that are meaningful and inspiring.
The overloading of the Jio Network has caused problems to the people who own and use Jio, because especially during this time of lockdown, many students use online classes, and not only students as well as others who use the network for various purposes according to this technology.
The opening ceremony of the competition, Bah Kampher Pohlong, Rangbah Shnong of Amlarem Centre, said, “We must preserve and improve the culture of our people by putting it inside. heart, mind, and application in our lives.
Then the right hand was fulfilled.
Isaiah 6:5.
“The JHADC has the right to appeal against the decision of the Supreme Court because it has the right to pass a special law for the protection of the minorities and also the land of the Shillong: The leader of the new group of Congress MDCs, some NPP, PDF and independent MDCs, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has admitted that the His party will win the election today as the number of MDCs is sufficient and they have not changed at all.
Rephica Becky Pde, known as the “Ultra Queen” of the North East, once again brought the title of Meghalaya on 18th November by coming first in the The Guwahati Stadium Run was organized by Neepco.
“I see that the main problem now is that the politicians have deceived the people with money until the questions that arise from the candidates are how much money they have without putting the main needs. “These are the causes of the problems faced by the State,” he said. “These are the reasons for the problems faced by the State. .
It is learned that the man lives on his land known as Latang Riwan, which is on the road from Mawlynnong to Pongtung and Pynursla, about 6 kilometers from Mawlynnong.
The schools that received the title of Best Athletes are Seiñ Jait Tuber Higher Secondary School, Ïeng Swer Memorial Secondary School, Seiñraij BR.UPS Mukhaïalong, Good Shepherd Secondary School Ladrymbai and San Shnong Secondary School Mukhaïalong.
“We will raise this issue in this peace talk to understand clearly what led to the shooting death of former party leader Cherishterfield Thawkhiew,” said Sadon.
We feel sorry for those people who have suffered but we cannot do anything.
The counting of votes will be held on November 8 and the completion of all election activities will be held on November
Speaking to reporters, the Vice President of the HYC Upper Shillong Circle, Bah Wallam Lyngdoh said that this is the first time that the HYC has taken the step to suspend bill licenses in the Upper Shillong area. He urged the owners of foreigners to provide the necessary documents before issuing licenses. u in order to avoid any problems later.
God said, “I have surely seen the affliction of my people Israel who are in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning.
This is the biggest celebration of the Toraja people, in which they believe that there is a connection between the dead and the living.
Earlier, when the KHADC first closed down the shop, Prodipta had denied that she was a Khasi and said that she was from Siatbakon, Pynursla area. However, the village council of Siatbakon has denied this claim and said that there has never been such a name in the village council.
Thus, the low-lying areas have become dry, the drinking water wells have become less waterproof, the ice bergs have begun to melt and so on.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today announced that the Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly will be held on 19th October 2010 as part of the efforts to curb the spread of the disease. Corona Virus' and COVID-19.
All the Home Guard Volunteers have unanimously decided not to go on duty in 2023 until the government has paid their salaries.
Bah Mebanker Lapang said that Batesi TV will be present as part of the efforts to reach out to others in need.
One of the youths who came to the interview, said that she was surprised to see the names of others who have applied for these vacancies, which have already been published. by the authorities.
If you look at these roads, the people who pass by are suffering because almost every year it rains and they are bad while other roads built by foreign companies don't work even if it rains. and still beautiful.
If this is true, the human thinking and the spirit of solidarity should work in the people by this ruling government.
He said he did not want to say anything against or cause any difference of opinion between Muslims and Nepalis in Jhalupara but he had to tell the truth because there are many Muslims who have been killed. There are 100 people here in Shillong who will suffer if they do not cooperate to curb the influx of foreigners.
In a statement, the union said it doubts that the police will not like the peace talks and alleged that it has received information that the police want to continue. Their thefts, that is, by using the members of the party to commit acts of violence for the benefit of both sides.
Newhill vs Mookaswan Dongwah at 12.00 pm, Lumbhahdakha vs Madan Thadmuthlong at 1.30 pm and Mookyrdup vs Lutituber at 3.00 pm. Moodop Royal, Madankynsaw against Myrjai and Da Hi Mynsngat against Iooksi Youth Welfare.
At the same time, Dr Mukul questioned the NPP-led government on the transfer of officers up to three times only in the Mining and Geology Department for what reason, which they know better. this.
Jowai, March 17: As part of the government's objective to improve employment opportunities for the youth and women as well, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today announced that He inaugurated the CM-Elevate program by distributing checks in three categories to YESS Meghalaya, SHGs and Green Meghalaya.
We know that we need the internet to use various programs on a tablet,” said the student.
Rejecting any problems for the NPP in the coming days, Rakkam said the defeat would make the party work harder.
Furthermore, in another order issued by the District Magistrate, it is prohibited to write or draw on the walls, to put up or hang posters, books or any writings or to erect banners, hoardings and so on. ter ter has that office government not place government.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 170 and Maharashtra, with 39 cases, has the highest number of cases.
Four candidates including the incumbent MDC, LG Nongsiej, HSPDP, Gabriel Wahlang, Congress, Apsharailang Syiem, NPP and Tonington Tyrsa, UDP candidate, and according to public sources, the contest in Nongstoiñ is between the Congress candidate and the NPP candidate. 8874 males and 8525 females while the total turnout was 13755 or 79.056%.
The President of the Union, Kong Dayoo Ïakai, urged all the members of the Union to attend the meeting. to allow Muster Roll employees and day laborers to take part in this day.
The games have also been scheduled to be held on 6th & 12th March in Hyderabad.
Shngain is a resident of Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
This is the number of votes at one Polling Station in Nongkrem which includes four constituencies.
The fees are the lowest compared to other colleges in Meghalaya and they can also pay as much as they can afford to pay three or four times.
At the same time, he urged the farmers to work hard in agriculture as it is the backbone of the state.
Speaking to reporters, Lyngdoh Sohiong said that in the past, the Sordarship in Krang was based on the counting of households, but the Hima has decided to resolve this by dividing the boundary. “There are some Sordars who are not satisfied and have lodged a complaint with the KHADC,” he said. Priest.
Those who have attended Mass in their own parish can attend this Mass and receive Holy Communion again.
The FASToM protest has reached its third month on Tuesday.
Rekha even today impresses many with her physical fitness and knowledge of dressing and often wherever she goes to take part she is praised in this regard.
Therefore, the HNYM strongly opposes the construction of the railway line while the governments of India and Meghalaya have not yet been able to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
I have joined BJP since July 29, 2022.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: In the past few days, there has been a landslide in parts of the Dwarksuid Bridge which has endangered the passengers and the Project. The Director of National Highway Authority of India, Shillong Zone today confirmed that the NHAI has completed the repair of the landslide at the Dwarksuid Bridge by building a dam to strengthen the bridge.
Ransom said that his family will contribute 24,000 tyngka per annum to the teachers of the school and Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi will contribute 5 lakh tyngka. for the construction of the school building.
He also urged the 36 MLAs and MPAs from Khasi and Jaintia Hills to support this struggle.
The Congress said the Asean-India Summit and the Prime Minister of India were used in the same document.
Will it last five years or 10 years? If that were the case, hundreds of millions of people would die.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi personally visited the scene and also visited the injured, who are undergoing treatment at various hospitals in Cuttack.
GRID-INDIA, in collaboration with FITT, IIT-Delhi, organized the program by awarding the 3rd LDC Excellence Award and the 12th GRID-INDIA Power System Awards (GIPSA). POSOCO Power System Award.
Regarding the lack of attention of the government in the maintenance of the school, the Managing Committee and the teachers of the school have taken responsibility for the reconstruction of the school. to be used as a training ground for school children.
The RBYF Baridua Unit sends its condolences to the families of these two youths, who were injured in this tragic incident, as these youths are strong members of the RBYF Baridua Unit.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the National President of the NPP, today at Tikrikilla. Benedic has sought the support of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) MDCs to remain as CEM of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). If he does not win the CEM election in July this year.
According to a statement issued by the Public Relation Officer (PRO) of the BSF, Meghalaya, the Border Security Force (193Bn BSF) received a tip-off about smugglers from Bangladesh on 6th June. and have increased border security.
“We have decided to extend the soskular at the meeting of the Joint Monitoring Group,” said Director of Home Affairs in charge of North East JPN Singh after opening the meeting in Shillong today.
When we really have the spirit to fight for the country and the nation, we will follow the party feeling regardless of whether we belong to any party.
Before the world enters the period of the 7 years or the Last Month, we will see the character of Christians as the Bible tells us.
“I don't know what he means by accusing us of playing with fire, because we are fighting to correct a policy that is wrong, biased and causes a lot of losses to our youth,” he said. , he said.
Not only that, there are also parents who have complained about the price of these books and school supplies sold in those schools especially when they die because the price of compare with one sold in the Market.
Shillong, March 02: The crash of the Eastern Air Command (EAC) helicopters in Shillong has led many people to speculate that it is India's preparation for war. and Pakistan after the outbreak of conflict in recent days.
It is on the same basis that she will come back to power in
Shillong: Leaders of the ASHA Workers Association (ASHA) have decided to hold a rally in Lum Garo Hills District after the state government said that the ASHAs are not united and have no knowledge of the strike. Lum Garo in collaboration with the All Garo Hills ASHA Workers Union to show that they are united and stand firm on the same basis to demand their rights from the government.
The EJDCA said that the selected players will represent the district in the tournament to be held in Shillong and Nongpoh organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA).
He also reminded the government that the opposition has to support the government in order to move the state forward.
These incidents happen only because there is misguidance and bias against any religion,” said Bah Pyngrope and requested the Government to take immediate action against this incident. “I feel that this government should take measures to curb such biases.
In this regard, the JAC of the four parties will hold a rally and a monbati on the 30th of this month to protest against the killing of the Khasi girl. starting from Iewmawlong and ending at Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex.
He said that the Government should not forcefully remove or threaten without consulting especially the village officials who are near the market because if anything happens who will be responsible for the residents.
Prestone said that a decision was taken today to set up a Sub-Committee headed by the Chief Secretary of the State Government along with some members of the Forum.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Western Zone has expressed its deep sorrow over the problems faced by the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi, who are facing problems due to the lack of adequate doctors in the Western Zone. CHC is located in Patharkhmah.
The world will not be able to accept it as freedom.
Ravi, I was born in the place of Padmanabha Acharya.
Bhuyan said police also seized a mobile phone which revealed that one of the robbers had close ties with the security forces of the country. Pakistan.
According to a statement sent by the union leaders, through a petition, they said that according to the current census, there are about 5 lakh residents in Shillong alone. excluding immigration or population growth.
After the police arrested the suspect and after a month of interrogation, he first confessed to raping and murdering the 3-year-old girl inside an under-construction house located in Shi- Lad-Sutnga near Sutnga in the kilometer area.
He said that the use of urea is not only in this state but also in other states of the country which live in agriculture. get sick or die from Urea use.
On the 20th of this month, the wife and children lodged an FIR at Tura PS. The relatives of the deceased have requested that if anyone has seen or has any information about the incident, Please call the following numbers: 9863389561, 6909030952, 6909643618,
The UDP leader, who is also a former MLA from Nongthymmai, admitted that in the UDP manifesto, one of the issues in the reservation policy is to review the reservation policy. Discuss the reservation policy.
The teacher, who is the Headmistress, is also the Head Teacher, Peon, Clerk and Chowkidar.
The situation in Meghalaya is not yet stable as the number of cases of COVID-19 is still in the dozens every day.
Shillong: Despite the difficulties faced by many people especially those involved in government works, due to the lack of funds as contractors, the government is still claiming that there is no shortage of funds and enough to implement the works.
On the other hand, the three parties have strongly opposed this behavior of the DMR as well as the DMO of Jaintia Hill which is unacceptable according to the law.
Umrit took the lead through Modesterson Matlai (80min).
In this section, first of all, we have learned to say “DRAM DUR.” Draw is an English word.
Police have arrested all the suspects and the investigation is ongoing.
Government officials who attended the function included the MLA, Ymbon, Additional Deputy Commissioner, AD Khasati, LT Tariang, Officer in charge of the scheme. BDO of Laskein Block and others.
Former CEM of Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Boston R Marak and others filed a petition in the High Court against the Lokayukta. They have been chargesheeted on charges of involvement in corruption.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 880 with nine deaths and 497 recoveries on Tuesday.
Chandrachud is now the senior judge.
Shillong: The hearing on the Scheduled Tribe status of Mukul Sangma, filed by Tennydard Marak, is scheduled to be heard tomorrow in the Supreme Court. However, it was reported that it has been postponed to 9th October
Furthermore, Bah Rikut said that only those people within the High Level group are allowed to mine and transport coal illegally and this has caused a huge loss to the Government's budget.
Of course, one of the delays is due to the preparation of the Roster System, but now it is time for the DSC to start, because if it is delayed, it will discourage the youth, especially those who have expired. .
How many times shall we be defeated and defeated? To honor a hero who gave his life for his kingdom in a parody is too valuable.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla James H. Mawphniang, General Secretary, KSU, North Khasi Hills District, said that the KSU together with the students of the school have been able to commemorate the 187th anniversary of the school. anniversary of the death of the great Syiem of the nation and he hopes that our nation will continue to produce many heroes who are willing to sacrifice their lives for the great cause of the nation.
The priest, Biju Joseph, is from the Guwahati Provincial Council (MSFS), who runs a school in Nangalbibra and also looks after a church in Sumonpara, South Garo Hills District.
“So we are well aware of the system and it would be pointless to send candidates from the national parties,” he said.
A religious leader, praying before the burial of a man who had been circumcised, said, "Oh God, this man has no right to go to heaven because he is no longer your man.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: After many years of suffering and misery, due to the deterioration of the roads leading to the villages in the Nongjri area, which has affected dozens of The residents of this area have expressed their gratitude to the road department for improving and cleaning these roads, which connect to the villages and townships. This has greatly facilitated the movement and transportation of the residents.
The Executive Committee has requested the employees to resume their duties and the EC has confirmed that it will pay their six month salaries within this month.
The elderly are respected but it is not good to send them to the Rajya Sabha.
Electricity consumption in Punjab has risen to 8,000 MW and will increase to 15,000 MW during the planting season. A strong storm has destroyed the trees and tin soping of two houses in Daistong village East Jaintia Hills.
The union urges the truck drivers and park owners to take action to reduce the number of vehicles within 15 days.
Earlier, Executive Member Fineliness Bareh said that Khanduli village under Nongjngi constituency, Lapangap village under Shilliang Myntang constituency, Moolaber and Khatkasla village under Raliang constituency.
During the visit to the MCH Hospital, I also phoned MLA Bah Gabriel Wahlang, but as he is in Shillong, he urged the women and the Sengbhalang not to allow them to transport the kits. tiar from this bag treatment.
The question is why this happened and whether it is true as alleged by someone that when they go to accompany the candidate they get a daily salary of two to three times what they get if they don't. leave the day.
From that time on, the Behdieñkhlam festival began with the beginning of the Kñia ka Khriam from October to November which ends with the dance and joy on the Sawsngi Lai-ia.
A total of 23 persons including 19 women and 4 men from different villages of Khasi-Jaintia Hills have received assistance.
“Bah Ronie has spoken falsely, he is not yet qualified to hold the post of Minister of State,” said Bah Egenstar.
Nongpoh, June 25: To share the plight of the poor residents of the village and to support the poor and needy, the youth of Sabuda village Raid Nongtung in Block II today distributed relief items to three families in Sabuda village.
The Managing Representative of Star Cement, Devander Bansal, said that the CSR department of the company has seen that these villages have not yet received electricity from the electricity department. The company has taken this initiative to provide these solar lights and street lights to these two villages and this is to develop the villages and the electricity itself is what the people need. The solar lighting in the homes has helped the residents, now the residents have been able to do electricity work, watch TV, charge mobile phones, children The cost of the project has reached T. 35 lakh to 37 lakh and for one household the cost of the solar lighting system is T.55,0 The head of Star Cement said that the company helps to clean and maintain the road so that people can walk. “If people are facing illness, the residents have to leave the sick on their shoulders and take them to the national highway which is about 5 kilometers to 7 kilometers away, how difficult it is for them. , and as much as we can, we will help and we will continue to help the people to improve the society”.
During these short periods of rainfall, the patients have to carry beds from one place to another to avoid the flooding.
As the minutes went by, the game became faster with both sides having several chances to score, and it was in the 10th minute that Karnataka managed to score again. Bekey Oram was not thep.
The Chad Sukra festival of the Seiñraij Jowai which was held on the second day was very lively with the participation of men and women from different villages and townships of Jowai.
Shillong, March 26: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on the 29th of this month will welcome two former leaders of Lum Jaintia Hills who have joined the party. Community Hall at 11 am.
Both the drivers were injured and were taken to Jowai Civil Hospital for treatment.
If poor mothers lack folic acid, it can put the mother and the unborn child at great risk, especially the brain and spinal cord.
BJP spokesperson in Meghalaya M.Kharkrang said the TMC in Meghalaya is like the East India Company because it came to the state with the intention of destroying peace and order. and make this state like West Bengal.
All the Khasi Khara children May God bless you.
The public does not talk about all these things and what happened in the past will remain the past.
If this works, and it has worked in the past, all the provisions of the Sixth Schedule in relation to the licensing of businesses will become obsolete.
The incident occurred while Muraleedharan was visiting the injured in the shooting incident at Ghatal village in East Midnapore.
He said that the students should continue to pursue knowledge according to the demands of the time to reach the goal.
What is the future? The virtual world and the actual world Manfred Spitzer (German psychiatrist, psychologist and neuroscientist) argues that the need for children to learn is not limited to new technologies. .
Regarding the allegation by Bah Nongbri, the Sordar of Mawlumramkdait denied it and said that even the DC's office recognizes Mawlumramkdait from the job card, ration card and so on. He said that he has been recognized as the Sordar of Mawlumramkdait and he has a certificate from the Syiem to prove and other documents to prove that Mawlumramkdait is a village. shall have the right to receive the Electoral Roll and other duties relating to the powers of office and to the Syiem.
Furthermore, the Minister said that we should not be stingy or wait until that time comes, when the disease comes, but we should be prepared for the safety and be able to to think for children under the age of 18 years especially those children who have not yet been given the right injection to prevent this disease.
She said that she will work together with the people and the leaders of the village to bring about change in the village and also with this sport club. center in the village will follow up to upgrade the health center to PHC, such as the road Sunapur to Huroi, border hatt market, will follow up to complete the project. that the people of this city may be at peace.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The MLA of the 19th Shillong South Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has estimated the expenditure of his Discretionary Grant of T.4 lakh and the salary of his MLA. During the 17th month, he devoted himself to the work of the people by providing assistance to the poor, to various clubs and organizations and also to the needs of the Dorbar Shnongs.
“I have been an MLA, MP and Minister of India, but people from Rajasthan, most of them wealthy, come to my house and are surprised that I live in a small house. " he said more and more.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Titos Chyne (CEM of KHADC) as the chief guest, Rev.K Nongpluh (President of the MC), Rev.AC Moore (Pastor incharge of the Local Church). ), Mr. K. Diengdoh, Principal, Mr. B. Kharlor, and Mr. Michael Ryntathiang.
This milk is obtained from steel factories or from coke factories from coal.
U Bah Thomas Rongthaluh as the coach of these 5 players, expressed his happiness to bring home the medals through these 5 players. They have brought glory not only to Ri-Bhoi District but to the state as a whole.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Pahamsyiem Unit today visited Pahamsyiem Unit to collect Labor License from foreign workers who have come to work in Paham Syiem, Nongpoh. It was found that many foreign workers do not have the Labor License or the documents that foreign workers should provide when they come to work in the state.
The counting of votes started at 8 pm at Trysem Hall DC office Nongstoin with heavy security by the CRP and District Police to monitor the proceedings. continue for the hour of new voting on that step.
He also criticized the distribution of pigs by the Prime Minister as many of the pigs have died.
Shanborlang Marbaniang, son of Kong Siblinda Marbaniang, resident of Umlyngka-Upper Shillong, has been competing in Pro-Boxing since 2022. He has fought seven times and won. 4 times 2 times.
Regarding BITE, the union has learned that the project has not been abandoned but is still in the process of being implemented.
She said that the candidates will continue to strike and the strike should not be to fight with the minister but to demand their rights.
The village authorities have also taken action and immediately sought assistance to help the family who have lost their home.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, who is the Vice President of the Society, said, “Many people have approached him saying that they need blood because they have relatives who are sick. the Society needs to have a blood bank so that it can be given when people need it".
The state government has allocated T.30 crore to MeCEL on Tuesday and will pay it tomorrow to NEEPCO. NEEPCO has issued a statement on Tuesday that it will supply electricity to MeCEL on Tuesday. from January 8th.
According to the story of the film, it tells the story of the disappearance of some women who did not consider themselves Muslims and joined the Islamic State.
The HNLC, through Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that after the ANVC has surrendered all its weapons and also to dissolve their party, but the surprising thing is that the soskular, which they signed on the 24th, November 2014, has ended only in the promises of the Government even after more than 4 years.
He said that at present the government has allocated funds to 400 schools to rebuild their school buildings.
He also urged the village leaders to take action and ensure that there is no discrimination, insult or criticism against the people who have returned home from other states and that they should also inform him such as to ensure that those who come to register with the government by calling 108 or through the website: www.meghalayaonline.
Article (78) :- As mentioned in the previous judgment, the Court has no power to send a request to the Legislative Assembly to legislate on any matter.
Therefore, the question arises whether we have made a serious mistake in our laws and regulations, whether Assam has been destroyed or whether it is just a mistake or a search for reasons, that the people of Meghalaya, they will run into problems from time to time.
Jowai, Naitung 06: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
In the evening, when she got home and Bahnah came to work, Deisy told her and Bahnah asked quickly, “Then what does she say?
Blood pressure can be caused by malnutrition or by poor lifestyle habits such as eating unhealthy foods, lack of exercise, stress and bad habits.
The MLP Football Team has qualified for the quarter finals of the Iv Up Invitation Football Tournament 2023 by scoring 1 goal against Laitkyrhong Sports Club. Umkor Urksew Pynursla Sports Club (Uup SC) is one of the oldest clubs in the Riwar Mihngi Pynursla area.
It is not known whether the government will appoint any kind of inquiry but as in the case of GHADC, the inquiry has been headed by Justice (retd) PG Agarwal.
It was also ordered to make public announcements through the tynghung and not to disrupt the traffic.
If we compare with the protests in the past years, there is no such thing, where all the people believe in the order of this Leader to be peaceful.
The Head of the Department also appealed for the cooperation of all the residents of the state to fight against the spread of garbage from shops or food from their hands, and to take together the feeling that it is your own house.
The non-performance of the ASHAs has caused a lot of problems to the villages especially in the rural areas when there are poor women or any other health related issues.
In addition, the Cabinet also passed three Ordinances which have to be passed by the Legislative Assembly.
According to Bah Banteidor, the decision to lift the ban on the use of fertilizers in some of the affected villages was taken after a thorough consideration by the Department of Agriculture.
The protest was supported by the National Federation for New States of which the GSMC is a member.
Such leaders are called MASTER OF CEREMONIES in English, and in Khasi, DAMDAR.
“Many people have lost their lives due to the deterioration of the Dalu road.
The report also said that the tournament is one of the largest sports tournaments in the world in terms of sports activities of various disciplines. in their own sport.
Even in their Manifestos, various political parties have put forward to improve the income of farmers in the state.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School and RC Eve Secondary School, Mihmyntdu have won the Subroto Cup or Inter School Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
Through this statement, the Seng directs all non-Khasis who falsely take the Khasi identity, to return it to their own identity without delay, as the Seng will investigate and lodge a complaint against such cases. KHNAM State Youth Wing President Thomas Passah said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Their participation not only showcases the talents of the villagers, but also shows the love of the area for adventure sports competitions and the promotion of such sports. game.
The Ministry of Labor through the Chief Minister Against Wages Lost has provided assistance to more than 2 lakh wage earners which has amounted to T.51 crore.
Shillong: U Minister of State and Leader of the National People's Party (NPP), Rakkam Sangma, on Tuesday said that the new party (VPP) still needs to receive training before it can join hands with the National People's Party (NPP). The NPP has won the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections.
“You see, what I used to say, I used to say clearly when speaking to the media that all these are nothing but political tricks to spread false information,” said Dr. Kharlukhi. Speaking to reporters on Tuesday on the allegations of corruption in the MDA Government (MDA-I).
Shillong: Rangdajied United and Langsning ended in a goalless draw on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
I appreciate the efforts of our government to prevent this disease.
Initially, the police allowed the owners to correct these violations but the police took a strong decision after they did not follow the orders of the police. police, where the police have confiscated them.
Shillong Lajong have scored the most points with 13 points and are the second team in the Mawkyrwat Zone of the Meghalaya State League. Seven United SC has 9 points against Mairang Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
It is very difficult for those villages which are not already in the old urban and suburban areas because many of the houses are old and have not been built for more than 20 years and more. , but nevertheless when there are any new buildings it is necessary to implement these rules which will make it easier for the owners themselves later.
HANM has done this through the Anti-Influx Operation Cell, led by Bobby Basaiawmoit, Chairman of the Anti-Influx Operation Cell, Vice Chairman John Sangma, Secretary Nelson Kharbani and others. and the General Manager of the Mar Ba Hub, on the overcrowding of those who go to the toilet.
Nongjri, Kulang area is a coal mining area and these Nepalis came to the area through the bill but until now after the coal mining ban, they have stayed in the village and have become residents. by creating a city.
The flag of the North East Olympic Games 2022 was also lit on the occasion.
Meghalaya is still low in meat production and most of the meat is imported from abroad.
Many of us have children.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 12: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, today enforced Section 144 CrPC prohibiting the public from opening illegal coke factories. chimneys) of foreign factories.
However, they do not know and have not read what the true scholars say and how the principles of Rangbah Longkpa were written.
The training was conducted by the High Court Mediation Committee, High Court of Meghalaya, in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Legal Services. India, where four teachers, including Arun Kumar Arya, Manmohan Sharma, Reeta Kohli and Dr Gopal Arora from Delhi and Punjab, are experts and trainers.
The purpose is to know whether the District Administration is prepared or not in case of a natural disaster like Jumai.
The Government has also committed to better payment for farmers and this has been achieved thanks to the Government's initiative from start-ups to food processing, among which there are 160 micro-processing centres. , which include the production of sying, kwai shynrai, sohphan, the production of essential oils, sohsnep including cashew, sohmarit and kait which are already available in the state.
“Bah Rishad was found to have a blood clot and the samples were sent to the police. FSL to conduct investigation.
He said that if the central government does not provide funds, this meeting will not be held now.
The JSU Syndai Unit invites all the brothers and sisters of the country to surprise people from now on and try as much as possible to improve their brothers and sisters by giving them jobs. They should be employed, not for selfish gain and bring in foreigners to invade the village.
He praised the district authorities for their work for the Lok Sabha elections.
Before concluding, I would like to express through this statement once again a small request to the departments in charge of this road and the authorities in charge of the welfare of the people of our area to I am pleased to send for the construction of this road in our area so that it will be a blessing to us the people who need to walk every day.
All tested positive.
Manthan Dey top scored with 34 runs from 32 balls, while Saptarshi Bhattacharjee scored 26 runs from 20 balls.
During these years when Phan Nonglait fought against the French army in collaboration with Tirot Sing Syiem, Monbhut, Lorshon Jaraiñ, Kheiñ Kongor and others, she was still in her 30s. The Prince of Peace was born in
The Winter Games, organized by the Nongkhyriem Youth Association, included various sports competitions such as Football, Basketball, School, Cricket, Quiz, Dance, Singing, Children's Games and others.
It is an incident, which has never been heard before, but it is a fact, in which a passenger, who did not have a seat to sit on the bus, stood in front of the bus and blocked the road. a double-decker bus in London.
The step taken by the HYC is to produce skilled and intelligent politicians as the state had in 1972, intellectuals and intellectuals. how to make laws to protect the land and the state.
Shillong: U Minister of Community and Rural Development Abu Taher Mondal, today said that the Government has recently created six new Community and Rural Development Block (C&RD) in the State.
Soh Blei Mawroh threw that stick at Rishot Blei and cut it again with a new Shylliah.
The robbers also opened fire twice in the air and police recovered rounds of ammunition suspected to be Ak-4
During the hearing, the affidavit of the MSPCB was submitted to the court, which did not mention anything about the Environmental Compensation which is the fine for those coke factories that violate the law. The NGT has now given another two months to pay the taxes to these illegal factories.
He said that if the government doesn't want to talk and resolve this issue, the party will not be able to watch the youth of Hynniewtrep lose their jobs while other ethnic groups get jobs. claim.
:The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh today visited the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat and held a review meeting with the staff and doctors of the hospital in the presence of Kong YR. Mawlong, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Dr. HC Lyndem, Director, DHS (MI), Dr. Wanbudmi Sutnga, Medical Superintendent, Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat, Dr. FR Lartang, District Medical & Health Officer and others others.
“Now he has increased his wealth by becoming an MLA, but Sñiawbhalang cannot take his wealth to heaven,” said Ma Hilarius Dkhar and added that they need development in all aspects. , not just the road industry.
The village authorities have an important role to play in the development of the fight against infectious diseases which includes the smooth running of village services such as water, sanitation, hospitals and others. nursing facilities, to protect the community.
He said that many job card workers have complained about the lack of attention of the BDO in relation to other schemes especially the release of their salaries.
According to Kong Susila Makdoh and Kong Helena Lyngdoh, they said that they last received the rice on the 9th of 2019, but since then they have not been able to receive it. They are poor and have suffered a lot, besides being low income people and especially during this time of lockdown.
Replying to a question, Bah Malngiang said that there are 103 weighbridges in the state, the highest number of weighbridges in Ri-Bhoi district with 40, East Khasi Hills 7, South. West Khasi Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 11, East Jaintia Hills 34, West Jaintia Hills 5, West Garo Hills 2 and East Garo Hills 1.
However, when we turn back to the market places, the same people who come from the villages and townships who have learned and know the cleanliness of the market. I don't know how to keep clean not only at home but also in market places even if there are no specially built garbage dumps to store plastic garbage, plastic paper, bottles and many other things. on the outskirts of Mawkyrwat Market, it has become very clean.
Nongpoh: U Bah Donlang Sohklet, a supporter of the National People's Party (NPP) and one of the candidates for the NPP ticket to contest the MDC election from Umsning Constituency, has resigned from his post as a supporter of the National People's Party (NPP). In a letter sent to the NPP office bearers, Bah Donlang Sohklet, said that the reason why he left the party is because the party has delayed the announcement. Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has released more candidates for the MDC elections. The MDC elections for the KHADC and JHADC will be held on the 27th of this month. They are Jambor War from Mawthadraishan, West Khasi Hills and Amos Dkhar from Musniang Rngat. JHADC Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said in a statement.
Edmund's College together with teachers, staff and students, held a memorial service on the 3rd of July, 2015 to commemorate and honor Prof.Evanton W.Reade Syiem who passed away on the 2nd of July, u 'Nailar, 2015.
Because of this lack of management of the government, they said that the management of the SSA has failed completely and the SSA in the state has become only in name but many of the schools have children. They have to pay and the schools have to do so because if they don't do so it will be difficult for them to pay the salaries of teachers because the SSA has only 2 teachers.
In this regard, the Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) has urged the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take immediate action by appointing this doctor in the coming days. “This hospital will also be of benefit to the residents of the area,” said the President.
Their bodies were found the next morning at 8:30 pm.
“All the schemes whether it is water supply, electricity, roads, health centres, education and others, are funded by the Central Government led by the BJP. Other parties like the NPP and the NPP are only in Meghalaya.
Meghalaya is only ahead of Bihar and Jharkhand in terms of the number of poor people.
Most of the time it was necessary for forensic experts to appear in court but now they can give their testimony from the laboratories themselves.
The raid was also witnessed by journalists today at Seinduli village in West Khasi Hills District, where it was found that the Forest Department has collected and destroyed many trees. rnga were collected in the mountainous areas, and up to three trucks of rnga were seized from the two collection sites alone.
The death toll has risen to 157 and the number of recoveries to 14,2
Earlier, Nepal claimed that Lord Ram is a Nepali and today, Nepal denies that Gautam Buddha, one of the teachers of peace in the world, is a Nepali. I'm from India, but I don't believe that the Buddha is a Nepali.
The FIDE Rated Chess Tournament was conducted by Th Biju Singh, Arun Singh, Taba Anam, Ravi Kant Tiwari, Senior National Arbiter and Amar Bhandari.
In this regard, the EJNC led by its President Sambormi Lyngdoh and Secretary Nangjan Dkhar today lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District demanding the appointment of A thorough investigation within 14 days to find out where these factories get coal to convert into rnga in these factories.
About 10 lakh policemen in the state have been fined for violating the lockdown and 255 people have been arrested for violating the laws during the lockdown.
He was also a player of the SSA team which took part in the Senior Inter District Football Tournament in 1997 where SSA won the title under the leadership of Bah Fullmoon as captain. , which was organized by the Meghalaya Football Association.
