Therefore, in politics we need holy people, who have a living relationship with God, because without God in our hearts, we cannot give a righteous or just rule. .
Therefore, the two parties will discuss soon and take the necessary action.
In Nongstoiñ, the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, was the chief guest.
There are some elders who, when they get a share of the family, they work hard to cultivate the land they get and after they get to sell the fruit of the land, they buy land for them. They don't know that the land they get from their children will go back to their children because it is the land of their children.
In Rambrai, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, who joined the NPP before the elections, was defeated.
At present, coal is exported abroad.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the District Council Day in Shillong, Bah Shylla said that it is necessary to amend the Constitution to ensure that the Bills passed by the Council. shall not be consistent with the bill passed by the State Government.
Together with Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw and Mawdatbaki Rangbah Shnong BR Kharmujai, the Chief Minister collected the garbage from Umsohlang using tynsong.
On behalf of the party, Ardent will gather village leaders, civil society groups and leave for Delhi to demand the implementation of Article 371 and the Inner Line Permit (ILP). ).
It is worth mentioning that regarding the illegal factories in East Jaintia Hills, there has been a protest by groups and organizations under the umbrella of the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) for the past few years.
Shillong Lajong FC beat Nangkiew Irat 2-1 in the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at the SSA Stadium First Ground, Polo.
Before the match, there was also a ceremony for all the participating teams.
When they don't find many, they declare that those who believe and say that there is a God are merely superstitious and have been misunderstood somewhere.
He said that the central government has issued an order that children who receive food items from the central government will also lose if they do not have Aadharr.
Tarcis, who used to participate in the competitions, said that he had been preparing for the election since July last year by writing down the issues and contest issues. God told him that these things were not enough and he sent them all away.
FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle through its General Secretary Bah C.Kharmutee has strongly condemned the actions of the Assam Police and demanded that the MDA government should take immediate action against this incident. state.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu has confirmed that he has tested positive for the coronavirus.
For the Independence Day Run, Goyal said up to 55 people have registered.
Shillong: The Dealers Association of West Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday congratulated the DC of West Khasi Hills, for accepting and promising the request of the dealers that the schools and the Managing Committees should withdraw the rice. -Day Meal as before.
She said that up to four Syiems of Sohra have died after the death of the Syiem.
As a leader, Khongwir has also served as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in the Government of Brington Buhai Lyngdoh and before that, he held senior positions in the Government of Darwin Diengdoh Pugh.
All types of jobs require various education or training.
When we turn and appreciate according to the Word of God, the wars, earthquakes, floods and famines that are happening today are being fulfilled more and more.
It is worth mentioning that the decision of the state government to repeal the Act came after strong opposition from various quarters especially from church groups and political parties.
In the second category, three candidates scored 552 points including Shourya Kumar Roy of Seven Set Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Nisha Kumar of St. Nanak Secondary School, Shillong and Amelari Kyrpang Puweiñ. Anderson Higher Secondary School, Nongstoiñ.
People don't even know the working issues of the government expressed in the speech of the Governor.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Public Works Department (Roads) Bah Prestone Tynsong said that the department has already identified several sites for the construction of bypass roads in Shillong. The condition of the existing roads has remained the same while the number of vehicles has increased day by day.
While other MLAs tried to call, they could not.
Raising a question in the House, Dr Don said that if the government takes the 20 km limit, Sohra should fall under the border map.
Nongstoiñ, July 27: Speaking at the first meeting of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) in Nongstoin, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the party, said that the party It is determined to bring about a change in the governance of the State, in a clean and transparent manner which means a governance that is not corrupt or biased anywhere.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, Dr.M. Mawrie, DMHO of Ri Bhoi District and other government officials including Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
Kynshi Higher Secondary School, Kynshi won the March Pass Competition and Myrïaw won the Best Discipline Team.
In this way, it does not mislead especially the school children.
Speaking on the issue of promoting entrepreneurship, the CM also mentioned the “PRIME” program in which assistance has been provided to the youth.
Secondly, we should plant, as in orchards, cover crops.
Sources said the manager had gone to the scene after being trapped inside the building after the fire broke out.
The movement of work is controlled by the internet and stallite, there is no place to hide anywhere.
The purpose of the implementation of the DDUGKY Scheme in our state is to train young men and women from low income families and to provide them with employment opportunities. monthly payment at a reasonable rate, which means the rate of salary also set by the government so that it is not too low.
In Jowai (ST), there were 41,345 voters, including 19,464 males and 21,881 females.
In these days after the Meghalaya High Court banned the Rangbah Shnongs from giving syrnot to the people, many MLAs/MDCs have given syrnot to the people so that they can carry out the work related to the government and other departments too.
Shillong: “I am very concerned as one of the citizens of the State and as a Leader not only of the Constituency, but to fight for many issues for the good of the State, and as the President of KHNAM and as the MLA, I will not rest to work hard and ensure that the Government cannot take stingy on this issue which is important for us now and especially for the future,” said MLA North Shillong Constituency Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
“At first I asked Father Alex how can I become a Father because I don't see Father Philip eating or going to the toilet. I'll go and I'll go.
In 2015, when one of the MBOSE officials said that the reason for the lack of results in Garo Hills is because of the children, the writer said that the reason is because of the Christmas celebration. new and various meetings called 'sobhas' lasted too long.
“In the inquiry process, the law says that we cannot make public the report submitted by the Inquiry Commission, because we have to bring it to the House,” he said.
In the second leg, St. Anthony's College, Shillong beat Ri-Bhoi College, Nongpoh 5-0, Morningstar College, Shillong beat Sohra Govt.
He said that the raid in the village was successful, after the police also seized several firearms and ammunition from two houses. Linter Ryntathiang, 33, and Mastoring Ryntathiang, 32, are from Mawlangtriang village on the road from Mairang to Nongkhlaw.
He put the pla kieng on the table and went outside to wash his hands and feet.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Friday recalled the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) and agreed not to accept it.
“Young people, parents, we need to pray to God so that when we leave our homes, we will never be overcome by the evils of this world,” said the Pastor.
The orientation program was attended by officers from SIRD, Mawthadraishan Block and West Khasi Hills District as well as teachers from SIRD. Training Centers have been established to provide training and awareness.
The HNYF leaders said that after finding out all these facts, they raided the I-PAC office on Tuesday in the presence of the Rangbah Dong of Nongthymmai Springside Block and some of the elders of the village to close down the office because they have been operating illegally and violating the rules and regulations of the Dorbar Shnong. The HNYF after finding out about these things has expelled all the employees of I-PAC and threatened TMC officials arrived at the I-PAC office after a while. After these employees and TMC leaders arrived at the I-PAC office, The HNYF was surprised and saw that the HNYF had just learned that the I-PAC is a company working for the TMC. The Rangbah Dong of Nongthymmai Springside Block 2, Bah James Khongwir, said that the company has opened and started operating illegally at the office even though they have not received the TL even after the village has issued it. NoC since June this year.
This comes after the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) in an application filed with the Court stated that in October 2021, the Sengbhalang in the name of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Moopyut and six villages including They have tried to forcibly close down the garbage dump in Mynkjai.
As in these passages, the words, 'not protected or restrained or released,' should be used, not 'restrained' which applies only to horses or animals.
The JAC Rilum Jaintia in an emergency meeting has decided not to hold any protests on this issue without an agreement with the family of Bah (L) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
The new office bearers of KSU Laban for the term 2022-23 are Reuben Najiar as President, Johnson Nongkhlaw as Vice President, Jason Laloo as General Secretary and others. they are not responsible.
They also said that other subjects, although more difficult, they can still write or create themselves, but social science they cannot because they do not come according to the textbooks.
The issuance of this order came after the district authorities received information that some commercial taxi drivers continue to operate even after contracting the disease.
In another incident, police said that on the 1st of this month, an unidentified member of the KSU phoned the police and informed that a man named Yunder Mawlein U Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills, has arrested 10 people for allegedly involvement in robbery. Police have found that the suspect has been arrested from the office of the KSU Mawkyrwat. He was rushed to CHC Mawkyrwat and later taken to Civil Hospital Shillong but on the 3rd of this month he died.
Before concluding the meeting, the president of HFU Thadlaskein Block gave a warning and congratulations.
The total number of recoveries is
He slammed the central government, saying that the action of the central government shows that it has not considered this thoroughly until it has brought promises to the people.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills on Thursday announced that the auction of coal has been suspended in accordance with Notice No. July 2023 due to complaints regarding the disproportionate availability of coal mentioned in the notification for the auction.
The issue was discussed by Lok Sabha Leader Adhir Ranjan Choudhury and Trinamool Congress (TMC) Leader Mohua Moitra.
" He said, “How is it, Father...?" “I have thought carefully, and I have decided to go to the lawyer first.
“On the 16th June, 2022, Phermeki Salahe, met with the President of the Kyrmen Foundation and the President promised Phermiki that the Foundation will assist him by providing them with sports equipment, T5000/- per month for 3 years and a scooty to facilitate his travel and also a ground for him to practice.
On the other hand, the teachers don't use these apps because they are always stupid,” said Bah Kyrmen and said that this cooperation of the teachers shows that their work is adequate.
Shillong: Umsawkhwan Ri Bhoi have qualified for the semi final of the PFR Veteran Cup after beating Khliehriat Veteran FC 1-0 in the quarter final of the PFR Veteran Cup on Saturday. Malki field.
Many young people from Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Rajasthan have registered in Rohtak, where Israeli citizens have gone to vote. employee.
“The party has been severely affected after the defeat of Bah Martle, although in fact we had hoped that he would return in 2013 but this too has not happened,” said Bah Klip.
Shillong: Expressing the confidence and unity of the UDP MLAs, u Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who was elected as the President of the UDP today, said that it takes only 10 minutes for the MLAs to elect and trust. He is the leader of the MLA of the Parliamentary Party (PP).
At the same time, KHNAM has demanded that the state government should introduce a Youth Policy to promote the development of youth in all aspects. will showcase this part of the youth.
On the other hand, NSCN (IM) chief leader Thuingaleng Muivah could not explain the disappearance of Phungting Shimrangu from the peace talks with the Indian government.
“It is regrettable that the Chief Minister who leads the entire State and works for the welfare of the people in an impartial manner, has used the Government's funds to run the market. for your political party.
Two students, Aitisha Basaiawmoit and Baihunshisha Khongshun, were also awarded the Thomas Jones Memorial Award, while nine students were awarded the Synod College Academic Excellence Award.
He said the party cannot just listen to the arrest of the students and feels that the arrest of the students is like they are terrible thieves by imposing strict rules.
On the hill, the construction of the church was completed after the sacrifice of the Hima by Sohblei.
Do you have any relationship with him..." Kongthei asked again.
Then they started thinking and the thought was to inform the Rangbah Shnong.
He urged the EC to discuss this issue with the Government to strengthen the Rules which has benefited the owners of large land and affected the people who earn their living. Therefore, you must be able to do this because you have a small bag.
The East Jaintia Hills District Police Department has urged all the travelers to be careful and vigilant while traveling on the National Highway 6 especially in the Sonapyrdi area.
According to sources, members of the KIA/KIO have been involved in the theft of about 25 rounds of ammunition from the offices of these organizations which are still under the ceasefire agreement with the state government. , located in the Churachandpur district of Manipur.
One of the most appropriate FPD conversion procedures was presented by the Secretary, Government of Tamil Nadu who outlined the steps taken like sale of goods, krai, foodstuffs, recognition ISO by FPS. The Secretary, DFPD appreciated the initiatives of Tamil Nadu and stressed the need for the transformation of the FPS. and Food Secretaries of the States/UTs on various issues related to various schemes of the department including Implementation of Rice Fortification, One Nation One Ration Card (ONORC), Smart PDS, Route Optimization and others.
Bah Lyngdoh said he is determined that Meghalaya will have a new government, whose work will be clean and transparent and will provide full service to the people.
As a large country, there is no problem in producing small states.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (FKJGP) has issued a statement expressing its full support to the public meeting convened by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. tomorrow 6th June 2020 at Madan Student to discuss the issue of CAA, ILP and the intention to demand from the Government of India regarding the laws to protect them as a nation. The Seng believes that it is through the voice of the people that all these demands of the Jaitbynriew will be achieved.
But there are challenges to deal with.
The UDP candidates were accompanied by Sohra MLA Titos W Chyne and party leaders Allantry F Dkhar Vice President and Pretty K. .Pyngrope President UDP Nongkrem Circle.
We have sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC to request him not to rush this matter but to listen to the opinion of the Kurs.
One of the reasons why Marvel's films are not doing well is because other Hollywood production companies have started to take action to produce beautiful films.
“In the name of the spouse, the business was operated by the (foreign) spouse.
He said that the participants should include the languages ​​of Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam.
Deposit or Payment Requirements: Compulsory linking of Aadhaar number to Bank Accounts, strict rules regarding updating KYC details and use of Aadhaar Payment Bridge The system of payment into the bank accounts of people who receive financial assistance from the Government has caused a lot of problems and confusion.
He said that the state government will replenish the Corpus Fund of Rs 78 crore which will be returned after receiving the first donation from the central government.
Shillong: A group of Khasi filmmakers have warned the public not to steal Khasi films by copying them but to buy them as the owners sell them or go to the cinema halls. .
The village of Pommura got its name from a story that a man who walked on foot in the past found the mura in this place where there was a horse path near the Sohryngkham Forest.
In the Youth Wing, Bah Skhemkupar Rynjah and Bah R Kharbani were elected as Secretaries.
The Great Wall has been inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List since
He said that those who have been injected with covishield have not been released by the Serum Institute of India (SII), but will not be identified as those who have been injected.
At the meeting, the CCIB leaders said in front of the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat that the CCIB is not against the erection of shiah signs on the International Border between India and Bangladesh. 150 yards inside the Indian border where many of the fields of the people have fallen to Bangladesh.
A notice will be sent to confirm the transfer of centers to all these candidates on their mobile numbers.
Speaking to media at his residence in Nongpoh, he said that as an MLA who has been elected by the people, he is grateful to them, the party workers who have worked hard, the supporters. , relatives, neighbors and all the people to remember in prayer that he will be able to carry the burden because as a leader he needs support in prayer because it is not easy to serve because of the many expectations we have. can still do better in the next 5 years.
He said that the party wishes these children to get treatment at the hospital as soon as possible.
The sellers can set the price as they wish because there are too few government officials to monitor these low prices.
Speaking on the occasion, KS Suchiang President KSU Narpuh Circle recalled that in the past years, the BSF came to set up camp in the same area, but the village had lodged a complaint with the district authorities and the camp was relocated. they.
For me personally, faith is not a religion and Reza Aslan, the famous author explains, “Faith is personal and mysterious to the extreme, it is vague and inexplicable.
He also criticized the JAC of the road 2 lane Nongstoin – Mawthabah by saying that the JAC has held a meeting in Mawthabah area and in that meeting they said that only the villagers, However, the Chairman of the JAC is not a resident of the area.
The first session of the Legislative Assembly after the recent elections sits from October 20 to 28,
Earlier, Prestone in the presence of Lapang, Dr.R.Nongrum, MS Robert Hospital launched the memorial stone for the improvement of the entrance hall which was consecrated by Rev SS Why, Chairman of the Governing Body of the Hospital.
After receiving the RTI, Bah Disparsing himself went to inspect these buildings at Sohpetbeng Hill and as an RTI seeker at the same time a person who is still in his traditional religion. , in which he was surprised to find that there is a house that has been built and now it is flooded and this fire is part of the counseling center cum multipurpose hall and this shows a sign of insult. to the Khasi Seng.
“If those CAPFs are sent, there is no benefit if the cooperation of the state government is not there because what matters is the cooperation of the state government,” said Pala.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 5 cases and in West Jaintia Hills, there are 5 cases.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Health Department on the 2nd of this month, has issued an advertisement for the recruitment of Nurses for 10 years on a contract basis, which can be extended if necessary according to the availability of work. who are planted.
Mixed and Mastered, directed by Erick Franky Kharsyiemïong.
“The political situation in the country as a whole does not have any stability, where our leaders are confused to find the right solutions,” she said.
“As a party, we will continue to work for the change in society, in the lives of individuals in the villages, in the church and also in the rule of law,” said the Teacher of In his speech, Bah Ardent said that as many of the people have turned to the VPP, soon there will be a handshake between the leaders of the party.
The people have the right not only to vote but also to hear the victory and defeat of their candidates on the counting day.
However, French reports have revealed that Madrid are yet to negotiate a move for the player.
The Environmental Engineer of the Pollution Control Board Meghalaya, Bah YFL Laloo, explained about the mining project of the company and said that the Pollution Department will send the reports of the project. public hearing, videos and photographs were taken today to the State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority to take a decision on the issuance of environmental clearance to Green Valley Industries.
During the inspection, the union learned that according to the employees of the hospital, the employees of the hospital have been using an auto vehicle until now which they have taken away and the government has paid for the vehicle. .
At present, no Congress candidate has gone ahead to meet the people in preparation for the 2018 elections. Jropsing Nongkhlaw from the BJP, independent candidate Wellborn Bynnud and Leston Wanswett from his supporters.
There have been farmers who have informed us that they cannot even pay the fees for their children especially at this time when schools have opened,” said HFU President Commander Shangpliang. in an interview with the media.
The polling day will be on the 19th of June which is the second polling day for the MLA elections in Assam.
The government's promise to appoint an Expert Committee came after the indefinite strike by Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, President of the Seng in recent months.
He congratulated the people of the area for giving their trust to the government as it is the only government that hears the grievances of the people of Maweit.
Lambokstarwell Marngar said that even if the state police continue to summon the members of the KSU, the KSU will not give up and will continue its struggle without losing hope.
Ar Dolloi Football Team will play against EJTOTA Football Team at 1.00 pm.
Jagadhish Debbarma, General Secretary of INPT, said that thousands of Tripura villagers gathered on Saturday to demand nine demands. to repeal the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 and to implement the inner-line permit in the areas within the boundary of the TTAADC and to include the Kokborok language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution. rule the.
I will try to fight as hard as I can so that I can come back stronger," he added.
Because other states are also facing the same problem with the delay in releasing salaries from Delhi and we hope that the central government will also listen to our request,” said Prestone.
“We will look into such statements after 2nd October, whether we can involve such people in the Khadar administration,” he said.
The JTTA, after receiving a tip that there are commercial vehicles selling clothes in Jowai, has seized a vehicle in the Electric area near the MeECL office on Friday.
“They're just like that man, like that woman,” said Sandra and sat down on the blue sofa.
It is a great day, a special day to honor and respect the Holy Spirit of God.
Speaking to reporters on Ardent's reply, the residents of the area, Lucia Sten, one of the longkmie from Umtlih village, said that if she is afraid of the Assam police, she will She said that why should she be afraid because she doesn't mean to speak badly of anyone but only to express the problems in terms of development.
On the other hand, the union said that this sudden ban has affected them as truck owners who earn their living from this industry, because the coal which they have already bought and which has already been loaded inside the vehicles has been taken away by the authorities. government, they sent down.
“It is the free will of any party to enter any house, why are you afraid to enter me.
The Supreme Court today refused to hear the petition filed by the State Government.
On the 15th of May, the leaders of the Phawa Kur came down and it was at this time that one of the children who became ill fell ill again and ran back to her house without knowing anyone. and the multitude followed him.
Shillong, March 05 : The UDP 17 Shillong Men's and Women's Basketball Tournament 2022 has come to an end on 5th March K Mandals and Sporting Spirit won a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh along with trophies at the Jaïaw Pdeng Basketball Stadium.
Hills United Cricket Club, which tied first, scored 180 runs in 20 overs for the loss of seven wickets.
Several have enjoyed coalition government; Have you ever heard of them holding programmes, for that reason it doesn't matter if I move away from the organizations, than if I move away from the foundations.
Means.
The District Administration of Karbi Anglong, today, removed the border stone erected by the Meghalaya government in the Assam area at Khanduli, according to a report at the site. It is 150 kilometers from Diphu.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ransom Sutnga congratulated the leaders and especially the Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong for being the right hand of the club which has risen in the field of sports and reached this level. .
Another issue on which the UDP has sought clarification is on the holding of the Mawbynna Monolith Festival where the KHADC has allocated T.40 lakh tyngka. KHADC has donated T.35 lakh to the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF).
However, in the meeting with the media, the leaders who were not present were Kejriwal, Mann and Stalin.
There is no doubt, you see that alcoholics increase their income, but the truth is that the citizens become slaves of the government.
“The High Level Committee will take the necessary action after we have submitted the report,” she said.
Revd.B.Sohlang read the Word of God and prayed and a special song was sung by Jennifer Kharngi and Wandashisha Kharngi.
Nongpoh: Jindal India Limited, a company from Kolkata, has been involved in the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme in Meghalaya. , Leaders of the KSU, North Khasi Hills District, today inspected the pipes which have been installed by the company at the pipe installation site at the PHE Umsning. These pipes are not the same as those used for the implementation of this water supply scheme to the people in the state.
“I believe the presence of rain should have helped to get rid of the power outages that have been going on for months," he said.
The PCMA under Section 141 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) prohibits the gathering of more than five persons, if that gathering is for the purpose of committing any illegal act.
It is true that there have been a few attempts to improve but the teaching method is still very slow.
The death toll in Chennai alone has risen to 1,116, the highest number of cases in the city, bringing the total number of cases in Chennai to 19,8
They feel that the preparation for those places is better.
Before the handover ceremony, a short meeting was held by Betrin Kyndiat, President, Village Organizations (VOs), Iongkaluh.
At the same time, he said that it is necessary to think of those refugees who have been involved in such incidents.
The main purpose of holding this Dorbar Bah is as part of the coordination and guidance as well as to explain how to bring in a new Jylli for the period 2018-2
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will allocate funds for 15 more camps in this area.
In Meghalaya, almost all SSA schools are owned by private individuals, churches, villages, various organizations, Raids and Hima and others and therefore it is not easy for the school owners to allow them to move. from their schools, and the biggest problem will arise for those teachers who teach in schools which do not have LP sections, who have to go to other schools which have LP sections, which are now many schools which do not have teachers who have taught in that school. Those teachers who have been transferred have to apply to the SMCs for an appointment.
He said that for the elections in Meghalaya, the Election Commission has sent many police patrols.
Through the song he cleanses the soul of the people.
'Unity in Diversity' NehruNehru was the first Prime Minister of independent India, who coined the phrase that the situation in India with too many different races is like unity between differences. , (Unity in diversity).
“We demand that the state government should follow the recruitment policy of the state and cancel the announcement issued earlier,” James said.
He said that at present there are only two garbage dumps in the market, one at Standjeep and one at Mawlong Market.
In UDISE+ 2021-22, other information on key issues such as digital library, peer learning, hard spot identification, availability of books in school libraries and others was collected for the first time. in line with the NEP
The office bearers elected on this occasion include Arwan S Tariang, Rangbah Shnong, Ransom Sutnga and Keansly Basaiawmoit, Asst Rangbah Shnong.
"During the operation, it was learned that Agyapal, who is the leader of the drug trafficking group, along with two other assistants received bags of heroin from Pakistan. It was held in the village of Mehimad Mandra.
“If there are any problems regarding the writing process of the CUET examination, we will talk to the relevant agency and we will ask them to look into this issue,” he said. said the Prime Minister.
“To avoid the increase in vacancies that have not been appointed, it should be ensured that information and statistics regarding the appointment of others through the 15% Unreserved Category should not be included in the Reserved Category. of the Khasi-Jaintia/Garo and other ethnic groups"
The desire of the Pharisees and Sadducees to kill the Son of God was fulfilled when Judas betrayed him.
Andriiv is located south of the city of Bakhmut, an area that Russian troops have captured since January after fierce fighting between Russian and Ukrainian troops in the area. period.
The arrested robber was identified as Hasanur Islam, owner of a clothing shop in Matia Bazar, Goalpara district.
In Ri Bhoi district, there are 17 cases and all of them are members of the Armed Forces.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The smuggling of electricity by the Bording Electricity Department of Meghalaya continues in the rural areas of Meghalaya. Ribhoi District (Western Ribhoi) at Umkadhor village, where an electrical wire has been damaged from the bottom and has been supported by a siej.
“One of the opportunities to be in this tournament is because we will be able to play against 24 clubs from the I-League, ISL and Army teams. “This year's tournament will be held in Shillong which is the capital of Meghalaya and Kokrajhar (Assam) and we know that these states are Shillong is rich in football culture and many I-League matches are played in Shillong.
Out of these 22,17,100 voters, 13,96,054 voters cast their ballots in the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, which includes 36 MLA constituencies.
On the HSPDP, Renikton L Thongkhar said that there will be a meeting between the RDA and UDP President Metbah has promised to bring the issue to the meeting. Donboklang said that the UDP party is the leader of the UDP party, as it is the backbone of the MDA Government in the state. What will happen to the MDA government and the state government?
Mamata Banerjee, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Indian government has accepted only one name after the state government had suggested three names in April 2016, Bangla. (in Bengali), Bengal (English) and Bangal (Hindi).
He said that many projects have to be completed and this is one of the biggest challenges.
The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) has focused on education and research in the field of traditional farming.
He said that if the government does not have the money, it should speak clearly, not just promise or deceive the teachers.
The date and time of the auction will be on the 1st of July at 12.30 pm.
“Kolkata has an understanding that there is an understanding, which means that there is an understanding between Modi and Mamata, where the thieves or murderers of the Trinamool or the BJP , they will escape punishment.
He said he had also spoken to the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang regarding the actions of the police especially the arrival of dozens of people to search for him at his residence.
" (The Best Life.
In fact, the disease started spreading rapidly at that time and was published in the National Science Review magazine of China on 3.3.20, in accordance with the right to public information under Art.35 of the Constitution. China has reported 80,270 cases and 2,881 deaths.
“Many of those present including these leaders and the people on that day have decided to march to the office of the EE PWD, Nongpoh Division to demand the removal of the contractor. They said that if the PWD department continues to be stingy like the people and the unions, they will not hesitate to take another path to protest. The residents just because of the contractor is a job that they cannot afford and the residents are slow in coming and going.
For the purpose of cleaning the sohjew slices, you do not need the sohjew slices that have been cut.
The tournament was divided into three categories, Under-14 for boys and Under-17 for boys and girls.
Besides, the MLA also visited Khlieh and Madan Umwang villages to inspect the schools which were destroyed by the Assam Police last year.
“You can say" she said shyly.
Shillong: The BSF have fired dozens of bullets into the air this night to disperse a crowd gathered near Umsyiem village.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the party held on Tuesday in Umiam, in the presence of Ram Madhav, Secretary of the party, in charge of the North East.
The party will continue to think carefully to see whether it has a chance of winning even if it nominates a candidate.
On the other hand, Amjad Khan said that this initiative will open the door for talented young girls to showcase their talents starting from their own state.
However, in the MDC election 2019, he won against the NPP candidate. Although it is the first time for Bah Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit, the party he stands for is the oldest and the oldest. (L) Ma Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, who won the election in Nongstoiñ, said that although the leader is no longer there, many of them are still supporting the party. city ​​or countryside, when you see and hear the voice and name of Maieit Hoping.
The special speaker at the seminar was Elder PSH Bonnie, IFS from Massar Kynton Church.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, said that the people should not believe those who have mislead the VPP by saying that it has formed the VPP to fight against foreigners. who live in this state.
In this regard, the KYM also requests the office of the SDO PHE (Electrical) to do its utmost to clean up the water tank before distributing water to the people to avoid the spread of diseases.
Snake bite envenoming (SBE) was included in the list of Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTD) in 2017 by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Therefore, ask for your cooperation.
This attempt to write and publish books in the Jaintia language even though it is not in literature, but it has shown the Jaintia language through the broadcasting by All India Radio, Shillong to preserve the Jaintia language in literature. (L) Dr. Barrister Pakem, Philo M Passah, Phidalia Toi and others appeared and this attempt was lost after the death of Dr. Barrister Pakem.
Speaking on TB, Dr M Mawrie said that in Meghalaya in 2020, there will be 4145 cases of TB and among those who have been cured, reached 81% and the death toll was 5.6%, which is more than
Many of the farmers have expressed that this action of the government authorities has put them in trouble because of this relocation or for whatever reason, it has affected especially the farmers who bring jhur. you are not the mar pyut.
SEPSD Leader Wanbun Dkhar has lodged a PIL against the state government for not collecting T.433 crore, but there is no evidence that the government will use the money. to improve the environmentally damaged areas from coal mining.
Police have recovered 10 grams of heroin from these suspects. Police have also seized 10 grams of heroin from these suspects. Khaini, injection thyrnia and others.
According to a statement, Michael L Chyne, General Secretary, urged all the officers working in the Meghalaya Rural Bank to attend the meeting.
It is also learned that several Chinese warplanes have patrolled around Taiwan in the exercise.
Mukul said that in Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh, the indigenous people are doing their own jobs.
On the other hand, the Executive Director of MSSDS said that this will be an opportunity for the prisoners to earn an income and that this income will not only provide employment to them, but will also increase the income of the prisoners. the state.
Shillong, March 17: The RBYDSO has strongly condemned the state government's arrest of Sengbhalang leaders as criminals just because of their protest to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
In another development, the 178th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh was commemorated at All Saints CNI Diocesan School Jowai in the presence of Rev GS Shullai, Secretary of the school. The Management Committee gave a short speech and afterwards, the teachers and students of the school held a tree planting ceremony.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has denied the allegations.
The struggle under the leadership of Sngap Singh lasted for many years and it was in 1939 that Sngap Singh surrendered and reluctantly signed a treaty with the British East India Company.
These donations by the Ephphatha Society include food items including rice, wheat and dai.
" There is a friend from Myanmar who told me that in his village, there are elders who told me that in the past, in that village, there was a Bamkhana Festival all over the village.
However, he managed to score one goal in the 68th minute, and in the 81st minute, although he played well, unfortunately his ball went wide.
Shillong: U Nozmul Arefin, Asst.Teacher, Ampati Govt.
In the 24th minute, Lajong managed to break through Rangdajied's backline and Sangti managed to slam the ball into the net.
Maharashtra were in trouble after losing four wickets for 60 runs before reaching the target with two wickets left in 10 overs.
After the wreath laying ceremony, there was also a traditional dance and Pastieh dance by the Seiñ Raij Nangbah and a Kyllain Wait dance by the Seiñ Raij Mukhla.
JOWAI: Four BJP MDCs have decided to discuss and seek clarification from the Executive Committee (EC) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on the illegal appointment of posts in the council in the dorbar tlang to be held on the 28th. this month.
The leaders who attended the meeting said that such meetings are very necessary at this time although there are no signs of violence in Ri Bhoi but as the chiefs, The responsible religious leaders should be ready to deal with any conflict at any time especially to turn to God as our state is known as a Christian state.
AIS SujaThe human body is a temple and it is also a wonderful temple not built by hands.
He also praised Bah Syrpai, the owner of this new car shop, for achieving his goal and wished him all the best.
However, Bah Ardent refused to enter and said it was the duty of the army chiefs to come out to talk at the place where he had set up fire.
Nongpoh: Robin Munda, 45, of Pahamsyiem, Nongpoh, who left home on the 10th of this month, has not returned for more than two months. and he remained faithful to his house to this day.
It is on this basis that the border settlement during his tenure as Chief Minister of the state has been suspended, because they have to consider it thoroughly before settling it.
If the division of income is affected, education is affected and so on,” he said.
In a statement, EJNC President Samborwell Lyngdohlyngba said that it is regrettable that people have gathered especially near the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Jaintia Hills District.
(e) Sodium- helps to maintain the presence of water in the body.
During the meeting, the DIG Eastern Ranges promised to meet with the BSF on this issue and to inspect the border areas. Conrad Sangma to raise the demands to strengthen the security forces in the border areas.
This was announced by BCCI Secretary Jay Shah at a meeting with senior leaders from the North East held in Guwahati on Saturday.
I don't understand why you don't understand what you're talking about. I don't understand what you're talking about. I support Ardent. I support Ardent. shu shit jabieng like those who don't talk about ardent, they don't care about the past, they don't care about the present, bly u ardent u dawa rp Tng now you don't have the issue of MDC election to please the people, but you don't have to say that you have left now you have lost your job in the past and you haven't been involved in the past.
Matheus Dkhar, resident of Khahnar, thanked the entire team of Jaintia Hills Development Society under the leadership of the Director for showing their responsibility for the poor and urged them to He urged the people not to lose hope at this time but to cooperate with the Government so that the entire State will be free from the impact of this disease.
On the absence of four AITC MLAs from the meeting, the Incharge of the State, Bah Tynsong, said, “The TMC MLAs who have 12 MLAs should have taken part. I would like to ask the General Secretary who came from Calcutta to Shillong and did not do his homework well”.
The death toll is 10 from East Khasi Hills District: 07, West Jaintia Hills: 01 and West Khasi Hills:
Shillong, Lber 13: The EM in charge of the Elaka Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Symbud CEM, Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that The boundary arrangement in the second phase will be taken based on the historical facts and this will be discussed within the Regional Committee and the EC will invite the opinions of all the MDCs. .Mawthadraishan MDC Jambor War was responding to a question by Mawthadraishan MDC Jambor War who asked for the land allocation of five different areas on the border of Meghalaya and Assam. in the Khasi Hills to be arranged in the second phase.
I request the Officer in Charge Umkiang PP, East Jaintia Hills District, to register a case against this officer according to the rules of law and punish him according to the rules of law.
The HNLC has expressed doubts about the ceasefire and will talk later, as the HNLC has said that in the past five years, the government has been silent and said, “We don't we cannot be brave enough to surrender our weapons.
She was taken to El Paso County Jail on November 22 for questioning and arraignment and was released on $1,00,000 bail. and this is a violation of the law.
Erwin also called upon the people to join in the protest against the coal mining on the 17th of this month. to take part in a meeting convened by the office of the Director of Mineral Resources to be held at Khliehriat.
The word 'pyn' is the word 'pyn' which translates a verb into a command: for example, to cleanse, to cleanse, to use, to cleanse, to cleanse, etc.
He said that as a leader from being an MDC to an MLA, he does not want to hide the schemes that belong to the people.
'"According to the findings of the union after visiting the VEC's, there are many shortcomings in the implementation method and it was found that the VECs are working only afterwards and the cost of implementation does not match. “It is for this reason that it has been found that the works that have been completed have been destroyed within three or four months,” said Tuesday Lytep president FKJGP. There are also VECs who have implemented this scheme properly and this has benefited the community and the community.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 1: Although the government has taken action regarding the fish farming industry in the state, but the people of West Khasi Hills are not happy at all, because the government's action is only for the for those who have fish ponds, while for those who do not have ponds, they do not benefit at all.
Also to protect and preserve the environment.
In Mawkynrew Block, two persons were killed while walking while there was a landslide in Mawlat village.
According to the map of ancient Israel, Aroer represented the land of Moab.
“If I can't attend such a day, I will take all the shirts to Bah OB Ranee,” said Bah Mayralborn.
The salary of the MDCs is about T.40 thousand per month.
“The National Green Tribunal (NGT) in June 2014 banned the mining of coal which has seriously affected the people and the environment. coal in the District even during the lockdown,” said the order.
The question now is whether Ma Pala can do for his friend to get the ticket or will the final authority belong to Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya? When asked about this, Dr. Pariong said he did not want to say anything.
The fourth goal was scored by Mawpdang's Nongrud to help Assam Rifles win 3-1
There are others where the village headmen have to collect from every household to pay the salaries of the teachers.
“One country, one election, is enough to avoid the cost of labour, it will bring skills and avoid these delays,” he said.
Members of the Lympung Ki Hynriew Shnong said that besides the street vendors, some of them have destroyed the pedestrian areas, some of them are selling fast food shops and this has caused a lot of trouble to the market. The public should not visit these shops especially during this time of corona virus.
On this occasion, the alumni who have passed the SSLC examination will be honored and the Riew Rangbah of the village will also be honoured.
“No one can complain with the facts that the EVMs are not sufficient,” said the CEO. On Bindo's allegation, the CEO said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has been informed. However, she said that no one can prove the theft of the EVMs. “It cannot be alleged that they are insufficient without mentioning any polling station”.
We have worked to strengthen India as a country through our reforms.
The mother's heart is in the woman to protect her fellow human beings; but the minds of the children of the fathers are wise in the longshynrang to lead and be careful of their fellowmen.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: On the 25th of this month, a clash broke out between Nepalis and Muslims living in Jhalupara. There was also a lot of clashes and handshakes in which the crowd gathered at the place near Mahavir Park in a place where there is no bunlad.
BDWS.Shillong, Lber 19 : To ensure the smooth and transparent conduct of the Lok Sabha MP elections in the state, the Meghalaya government has requested 18 pyrtons of security personnel to be used in the state. during the election.
On the demand of the HYC for the establishment of a State University, the Minister said that knowing the problems of the State and in order to move forward in the field of education in the State, the Government has already decided. Captain Williamson Sangma State University, Tura, West Garo Hills District.
Before the Good Friday holiday, I often ask my students why it is called 'Good Friday'
The Prime Minister said that in fact, he expected that the second round of border talks could be held within this month but now that these things have happened, the situation has changed. .
“As it turns out, there has been a lack of information sharing between the state government and the central government regarding the CAU and I personally feel that the state government should not miss this opportunity and urge you as “The Chief Minister of Meghalaya should take action on this issue because it appears that this plan to run the CAU in the state has been left behind and has gone halfway,” said the Mawphlang MLA. .
The Waheh Shnong of Panaliar, Riquoma Rq.Laloo, said that the village has banned foreigners from visiting Pynthorwah and Syntu Ksiar.
Shillong, July 30: The Supreme Court of India today heard a petition filed by a group from West Khasi Hills against the suspension of 30 lakh metric tonnes of coal. The Court has fixed a hearing on 11th November 2016 to take a decision on the market operation. to this thing that is left outside.
Mukhla, Jymmang 01: The Mukhla Raij under the leadership of Pa Langdoh Niam together with the Waheh Sankurs “Kur Lyngdoh, Shylla, Suna, War, Sari” today held a consecration ceremony for the Maji of Mukhla. Thymblein day at the Langdoh House of God.
Why do the Maram, Lyngngam and War call the corona by these names? Because this disease is no different from the cow disease, the treit or troit that destroys the shriew, the disease of the cows... Such diseases can come back if we don't take good care.
To act fairly, act fairly and decide fairly and equally to protect and take responsibility for low-income and childless families; The Rangbah Shnong shall educate and encourage the children and youth of the Village from time to time.
They also said that the demarcation in the second phase will be more difficult, but as Prime Ministers they promised that it will be accurate according to the decision and consent of the people in collaboration with the Survey of India. , where Regional Committees will be set up within 15 days, headed by the Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam as Chairman, and these committees will also include the leaders of Karbi Anglong District Council. place adjacent to Karbi Anglong.
She said she lost the opportunity to climb Everest once in 2009 and now the opportunity has come back to her until she wins.
This is according to a statement issued by the President of KSU Laskein Circle, Samla Balawan Suchiang and Samla Javeline Shadap.
The video is supported by Shimiki Shadap and Lawankitbok Shadap.
In a shocking incident, a man from Odisha has been arrested for allegedly seducing and marrying several women by claiming to be a doctor.
Bah MB Tongper as the chief guest said that the existence of such centers will be a great blessing and if we look at the west such centers are many because the elderly are the most important members of the society. community.
According to police, the driver of the auto had collided with the truck on his way from Umroi to the Toll Plaza.
Raj Kishor Yadav took two wickets for Cricket Lovers.
If the word “secularism” is removed from the constitution, it will be like Pakistan.
We should not be afraid to have experts and the law department of the government.
He said that according to the rules of the Minority Commission, there are rights granted by the government for the benefit of minorities such as education and other benefits that the government provides especially to those who are poor. income.
Regarding the availability of umphniang, the official said that as it is now, it is sufficient and the people should not be afraid.
These issues include the empowerment of Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) where the group said that to strengthen the District Councils, it is necessary to bring about amendments to Article 6 of the Constitution through strengthening of Para 3, by amending Para 12 A to clarify that the laws of the Central and State Governments, relating to customs, inheritance, land, the system of indigenous government and so on shall not apply in the areas of indigenous peoples by substituting the word 'Governor' for the word 'President' in Para 12 A (b) of the Constitution of the Republic.
The Minister said that it is the wisdom of the intelligence department that has been able to arrest those who intend to commit terrorist acts across the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah B Rani said, “Fortunately, the young children refused to eat the tit.
“This attack is the US's own defense against the incidents in which there have been attempts to harm US troops in Iraq and Syria by militants. , run by the Iranian government and have begun their military operations, from March 17, 2023," said US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin.
Furthermore, according to the findings of the union, even one of the wells near Lad Wahwapung village has collapsed again during the rainy season and this may have happened due to the construction of torti by the contractor. It has been done in the past few days because the rain has fallen again.
Through the testimony of Damanbha Ripnar, police have recovered an IED from the vehicle which was seized by the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) from Shillong.
Kong Kurbah, said that she was pleased to learn that the residents of Umru village, have refused even the electricity just to welcome these birds who come to nest in this place once a year, because He said that these birds are no longer able to come to places where there is electricity.
Sports such as Football, Hockey, Volleyball, Basketball, Badminton, Hand Ball, various athletics such as races such as Javelin Throw, Hammer Throw, Discus Throw , Shut Put, Archery or archery, long distance competition, Judo, Karate-do and other sports.
The Sengbhalang also said that they do not care about the government's threat to arrest and punish them.
Bora, who recently visited Aizawl, also attended a meeting with Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and a delegation of Meghalaya Cabinet Ministers at a meeting in Guwahati on the 6th. this month, which is the third day.
The purpose of this month is to bring closeness, love among the residents and especially to encourage the youth to participate in sports so that they can avoid any bad habits. .
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, CCIB Secretary Kmen Myrchiang said that no decision could be taken as the CCIB is still opposed to the signboard from a distance. 150 yards and wants the government to fix the proper boundary and to cut it from Zero Point.
Deisy looked at the time and it wasn't time to smile so she went to smile at him.
They should also be good examples in the language, moral lessons and work rather than just making a name for themselves in the history of future generations. .
Hearing the case from yesterday, the bench headed by the Chief Justice of India, Justice DY Charndrachud, said that Manipur has no rule of law and law and order and people are living in despair.
“As the Government has set 2020 as the Year of Farmers, but through this COVID-19, it has failed.
The transportation of coal will continue until 11th July according to the previous order.
In vaulting, Wandalang Magdalene Malngiang was the only participant in Cat 4 but won the gold medal with 8 points.
The Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police have been directed to take necessary action according to the decision of the National Green Tribunal.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84574 out of which 82853 have recovered and 1475 have died.
The railway project from Tetelia to Byrnihat has been delayed for decades due to opposition from some.
However, such a race to earn money is not only happening in this city but in other parts of the country as well.
There are rarely those who have dedicated themselves to politics since their studies.
The program was attended by school children, teachers, village leaders of Jakrem village and staff of the Divisional Soil & Water Conservation Office. , South West Khasi Hills District where up to 200 tree seedlings have been planted and from now on in the same area the seedlings will be planted again as already allocated.
In Shillong, the temperature was 21.9 to 13.7 degrees Celsius, while in Sohra, the temperature was 25.2 to
These words are only to mislead the state, while these internal affairs are still in turmoil.
Such a weather condition has never been experienced in Shillong although we admit that the temperature has increased over the years.
The final match of the tournament will be played on the 6th between Rymbai Wahshnong vs Thangskai Tiger, Rymbai Ïawpynsing vs Moolamanoh and Sutnga vs Khliehriat West at 11 pm at the two venues.
Heaven and earth will pass away but my words will never pass away.
Let us see once again, if we are to live on the principles of knowledge of man, knowledge of manners, knowledge of dignity, especially to think more about the welfare of our families, to open the way for jobs. and other areas of income and economic growth in life, we need to change.
said Mr. Iangrai.
Choosing the right foods is supply to incorporate the types of amino acids that can ensure on getting a good night’s sleep.
He also alleged that about four persons started to attack a student with weapons while they were celebrating and alleged that they had no intention from the beginning to cause trouble during the celebration.
They urged the EM KHADC to take action to convene a meeting of 15 MDCs in Mylliem Hima as it is surprising that we have called for patriotism but on the other hand it has never been heard that the MDCs of Mylliem Hima will meet to discuss the issue. They spoke in one voice on the violation of the Act 2007 and the Rule 2015 of the Hima Mylliem.
“If he doesn't do anything by the 26th of this month, they will come out and carry a flag in front of the DERT office,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
4993 thousand schools with 13,362 thousand teachers at Elementary Level, 626 thousand schools with 4828 thousand teachers at Secondary Level and 30 new colleges to train 900 teachers and staff It will be provincialized in April,
Speaking to reporters, the Principal of the College, Dr.D Wanswett, said that the college has received a plot of land at Mawpdang in 2010 on an area of ​​9.5 acres for the construction of the college. bag read your book.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued some new rules and regulations for government employees and health workers working in COV1D-19 Hospitals/Units. return from outside.
However, when the reporters asked the same question to Bah DD Lapang, who is also one of the senior leaders of the Congress and who was also the Prime Minister, he said the same tone. The Government is now looking for other ways to implement the Tenancy Act.
Minister Passah (MPHF) Past President who has been a supporter of the Club for many years.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA), which has been expressing its strong opposition to the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, has said that the This has led to an increase in the price of meat in Ri Khasi and Jaintia.
The factory has received the NOC from the Umrasong Dorbar Shnong in 2022 by Bah Edamon Siangshai, the owner of the factory from Nongsning.
For this he was persecuted by the Dohlieh authorities until he had to flee to Calcutta and died of illness in Calcutta on 16th September 1849 at the Scottish Burial Ground, Karaya Road, Kolkata.
Police received a tip in the darkness of the night and could not recover the body.
The Supreme Court last month directed the CM to hold discussions and consultations on the role of information gathering in relation to the punishment of those convicted. condemnations that have been in the past four decades.
He said that the Congress will rise again because in other parts of India the BJP will lose votes.
Isn't it up to us who are older to encourage and motivate those who are just starting out? Let us change our minds and encourage those who are just beginning their lives, especially the young people who stand in public places to impress their listeners.
The implementation of the Roster System is in fact in violation of the Reservation Policy of
Regarding the relocation of the COVID-19 Entry Checkpoint from 13Mer to Byrnihat, reporters spoke to Dr.M Mawrie, DMHO of Ri Bhoi, Bah Nazarious Lamare, SP of Ri Bhoi. others.
However, in recent days, it was reported that the Forest Department of Assam has come to cut down all the kwai, kait and soh trees planted by the people in this village.
He also promised that with the opportunity to mine coal, he will also introduce power plants, thermal plants and this will help in the supply of electricity in the state, this is one of the targets of the government. to provide employment opportunities to the people.
It is for this reason that agriculture is called the budlum of the economy of the country.
It was agreed that both the districts will work together to restore peace in these areas from both the Pnar and Karbi communities.
If the Chief Minister doesn't allow, he should say,” demanded the members of the party from the police.
Lanosha asked, “I'll ask you where you're going, maybe he'll come here... I want you to meet that Bah.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Arts and Culture and MLA of South Shillong Constituency, today inaugurated the Municipal Organic Market and Dorbar Hall of Lumshatsngi Dorbar Shnong. The 13th Finance Commission has received Rs 4.41 crore after the scheme was launched by Bah Sanbor.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Dohling said that this block office is like a bridge between the government and the people.
The KSU, today, came after receiving a phone call to the Moojem village leaders, that they should come out today, or that the police, will arrest these villagers and KSU leaders have visited the area and during the visit, it was seen that the residents of Moojem have all the documents related to the allocation of land to the Karbi. and the neighboring village of Muthade.
All are invited to witness this special day.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93346 out of which 91482 have recovered and 1573 have died.
A total of 132 villages have been affected and 107,464 people have been affected by the floods.
Because there are many subjects and if no more teachers are appointed, the teaching method will be incomplete and there will be a delay in the production of results and so on.
Tourists from within and outside the State as well, have been flocking to the village to see the beauty of the village. the village at 12 o'clock, 2 pm and so on before sunrise.
The tournament was held at two venues at the ground floor of DC Office, Jowai where the carrom tournament was held while the badminton tournament was held at the Indoor Sports Hall of Seiñraij Jowai at Tpeppale, Jowai.
With the passage of time, our beloved state has reached the age of 51 years.
Besides the sports that the players play, the organization also wants to improve and needs assistance in terms of the expenses of the players when they play.
He said that as legislators and leaders, they should put forward the feelings and the need to put forward peace between the three ethnic groups.
The Minister also expressed his concerns about the loss of forests, and the depletion of water sources among others.
Several elders of the village said that on the 18th of this month they went to Sohra PS to apply for bail, but they did not get bail. “The reason why the law has not granted bail to them is because the Rangbah Shnong has been involved in the crime,” said one of the elders of the village.
The Khasi people are one of the unique peoples in which we inherit the Matrilineal System. Most of the people in the world inherit the Jait from the Father (Patrilineal System).
So far, police have registered 11 cases and arrested two persons for posting defamatory posts on social media under the Information Technology Act, 200/The Information Technology (Amendment) Act, 2008 and the Indian Act. Penal Code.
When we talked about the incident, those good merchants from Nongriat, urged us to go and show them where Bah Jim was missing, so that they could conduct a search by the village, when they found him.
He said that there was an old man who said, “If we live in human life now, I need juti, tomorrow I want muja, when I get muja I want jacket, tupia and other necessities.
Shillong, Naitung, 17: Sixty MLAs and two MPs from Meghalaya together with MLAs and MPs from across the country will take part in the 16th presidential election on Tuesday. in India.
The vaccination will start from 8 am to 4 pm.
The UDP had contested against NPP candidate Prestone Tynsong in the last election where Kongwang was defeated by more than 8,000 votes.
According to the notice, these HYC leaders have been ordered to appear before the Investigating Officer at Sadar Police Station.
in) of the Meghalaya Football Association by the President of the MFA and also the theme song of the tournament was sung by Jessie Lyngdoh and the team.
“The media are the most important guardians of democracy and their news cannot be banned when it comes out of court proceedings.
We don’t dare to tell our parents because we feel they won’t understand us.
It is truly a source of pride and joy to see such achievements.
After the joining of former Trinamool Congress MLA from Salmanpara Constituency Winnerson D. Sangma in recent days and the joining of new members from East Jaintia Hills, the party has been strengthened. and thou shalt witness more and more of the coming of others who are more prominent in the world.
New Delhi, June 14: The post of Chief Minister of the Congress party has been a hot topic of discussion in Delhi, recently where there has been a voice that the Congress wants Rahul Gandhi to take over as the new leader. Sonia Gandhi has been appointed as the new President of the AICC.
Meanwhile, MEPA in its meeting held today decided to join hands with various media groups in India to write to the Chief Justice of India and He urged him to take action against attempts to violate press freedom as has happened in the past few days to some journalists in Delhi.
Speaking to reporters, the leader of the High Court, Angela Ryngad, said that the High Court's order has tarnished the image of the High Court as it is the house to look after and judge the High Court. except for the will of the people in a democratic country, it produces such a law.
“There is a need for a Minimum Support Price (MSP) for agricultural products to increase the income of the farmers,” he said.
Sanjay Sawkuta took six wickets while Gaurav Narleng took two wickets.
We remember that it was here at the foot of the cross, on Mount Calvary, that the will of God and man was reconciled.
Thirty policemen were injured in the shooting, including Cachar Superintendent of Police Nimbalkar Vaibhav Chandrakant and the officer in charge of Dhollai.
Replying to a question by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, CEM Titosstarwell Chyne said, “The Executive Committee will send a letter to the Department. The District Council Affairs (DCA) and the Government should issue a clear notice that these laws should not apply within the District Council.
IMFL (OFF) Licenses, Outstills and Canteens will be open from 9:00 AM to 8:00 PM from Monday to Saturday.
The Cherra Bosconian Union (CBU) is a union of former students of St. John Bosco Boys' Higher Secondary School, Sohra.
He is also the recipient of the Youth Icon Award in
India's ambition to host the Olympics for the first time in 2036 could be in competition with other countries including Spain, Indonesia, Turkey, Poland and Qatar.
“Politics is tough, a person who comes out to fight wants to win,” said Deborah and added that she cannot say anything on this because it depends on her personal feelings as a candidate. person.
On the same day, the Minister also launched the Village Health Council IEC Book, Register and VHC App and distributed awards to the teams that have performed well in VHC/TB/ and MHIS. ASHAs, health workers and VHC members from across the state also attended the meeting.
God does not dwell in houses made by human hands but in the human body which is the temple of the Spirit of God.
The meeting was opened by the Chairman of the Kur, Bah Marcus Shangpliang and Bah Moonstar Shangpliang, who are the office bearers of the Kur Shangpliang Lyngiong.
The Crime Scene Unit of the Police has arrived at the shop and the forensic team has conducted a search operation to investigate the snaps.
Therefore, all these have increased the pressure on the BJP because it has misused its power and especially its involvement in religion in politics. This is an opportunity for other parties to end it. BJP. Here in Meghalaya too, the people have turned to the Congress.
On the part of Marshall Biam, one of the senior members of the Kur Biam, he expressed his gratitude to those women who helped their Kur and with their bravery he escaped death from the hands of the enemy. Marshall SB Biam concluded the statement.
“Meghalaya is celebrating its 50th anniversary of independence and as part of this celebration we will celebrate for the youth of the state.
“As the residents of Shillong, we wish that this place in Barik would become a place where people, from children to the elderly, musicians, artists, who smart readers, poets, writers, speakers, market dwellers, people of various talents, and this place will be quiet for all these people, especially for Farmers from all over the state, who will be able to sell their seasonal produce.
The Delhi Electricity Distribution Authority (DDC) said that the electricity demand has reached 8,302 MW this afternoon.
In which the mind and the value of their matti have been counted as dewthala.
Although all the clubs have completed the signing of players, but the coach has not been able to bring together the right players to lead the team.
In Mizoram, the elections will be held on November 7,
“From the Khasi District Council, we don't have anything regarding the Kur Dorbars,” she said. and said that it has now revived the committee, which should look into the relationship between the customs and the relationship between the kurs, which are within the boundary of the Council.
The CEM of KHADC was accompanied by his delegation under the banner of the Consultative Committee which includes Adelbert Nongrum MLA and MDC Mawprem, Allantry Dkhar Chairman and Robert June Kharjahrin as Advisor to CEM HS Shylla, Erwin K Syiem Sutnga as Advisor to KHADC EC. Council.
On the other hand, the HNYF has strongly warned the various government departments not to play with the future of the youth as it affects the job search of the youth.
This prophecy has also been fulfilled.
“It has appeared in the media that the Assam government will create three more districts including West Karbi Anglong District which will cover Block-II,” said Bah Sohtun. They stood against it and did not want to go to Assam.
This flood has caused a huge loss to the students and school authorities where every year the students are affected in terms of education and especially the school authorities suffer losses due to the floods. The floods have destroyed all the equipment and all the necessities of the school that the government authorities have to think about to solve this problem of the school by building proper drains to avoid this flood. “Um,” said the brother as the Principal of the school.
Genevieve sang Khasi traditional songs and Rabindra Sangeet in front of the audience.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Mr. J.Tongper.
At the same time, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, said that the party is pleased to see the progress of the athletes of Ri Bhoi in sports. He said that Ri Bhoi has continued to win the title in the sports competition in Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar stressed on the need to preserve the environment especially the drinking water wells and it is the responsibility of every resident to surprise the people before the floods. The worst of the drought will hit this state and other parts of the world.
The audition will be held on July 4, 2013 at Infinity Restaurant, Ladthadlaboh Mooralong, Jowai at 10.30 am.
The Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, has expressed his regret over the Hindi speech of Bah Ardent, saying that he does not like this. do not come from a member of the House.
It is through the schools that many kinds of knowledge have been acquired especially the knowledge of man, knowledge of God, knowledge of rights and a bright future for all the children of the area.
There you will find that a public meeting where the leaders will clean up the area where the protest is held.
The cooperation between the UDP and the HSPDP began during the time of Dr. Donkupar Roy and Ardent Basaïawmoit under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance.
The lecture was conducted by Prof Bodhi at the University of Mumbai.
Bah Eugeneson also expressed his satisfaction that the State has been able to compete for the Santosh Trophy in the country by saying that football is no longer just a game of thousands, but a chance. to earn money and to bring about economic growth.
“The money collected by Matharoo has reached crores,” the newspaper said.
It takes years to become a Tymmenbasan because it takes a lot of people within the villages or church to recognize who should be a Tymmenbasan.
Looking at the needs of the state, we see that Meghalaya still needs to get better roads especially in the rural areas.
When asked about the condition of the hospital and the staff, he said that they have done their best to clean the hospital and the staff have been given masks, PPE and sprayed with medicine. to avoid the spread of the disease and not to bring the COVID-19 virus into the grounds and inside the hospital.
The deceased was identified as Shiva Das (22) while the injured was identified as Sadananda Das (22). years of age).
Shillong, Lber, 08: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has launched a campaign to market synsar outside the state. The Farmers' Day in Meghalaya has opened up many opportunities for farmers to market their produce.
“It is impossible to say that such issues arise only when there is an election and it is not signed immediately after the announcement of the mid-term elections, because they are inside the country. The government has tried to deceive the people but they can deceive only once, but not always”.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by Rev. Fr.D.John, SDB in the presence of Bah W.Lyngdoh, State Secretary, MBSG. Other dignitaries including Amelia Swer, former State Secretary of MBSG, Bah Akin Kharmawlong and Rev.Br.
Nongpoh, March 02: To commemorate the 147th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the great founder of India, the Dorbar Shnong Rongme-sek on Saturday held a cleanliness drive. which is also the day before the entire country celebrates this special day.
Therefore, we have brought a resolution to protest because we do not want the JHADC and the jaidbynriew to be affected by the customs and traditions and lose their rights.
On the other hand, he said that in this era when climate change is a major issue affecting the world, it is necessary to encourage farmers to cultivate unused crops. medicines because many people get chronic diseases and others, because the food they eat is too high in medicines.
It is good if we feel satisfied with ourselves in terms of the cleanliness of our home and ourselves, but social life requires us to think a little about the welfare and benefit of the whole community.
The Supreme Court has given six months to the Government of India to meet all the requirements.
Shillong: U Prof.SP Singh Baghel, Union Minister of State for Law & Justice, on 30th November 2021 visited and interacted with the villagers and some of the centers where the schemes are being implemented. beneficiaries or beneficiaries of Central Government schemes including Corona Vaccination Centres, Health Insurance, etc., and to see how the residents benefit from the schemes.
This was announced at a press conference at Rajiv Bhawan in Guwahati.
When asked about this news, Bah PT Sawkmie said that the party has not yet taken a decision regarding the candidates for the MP Lok Sabha 2024 from Shillong Parliamentary Seat. who is ready to contest if the UDP is able to contest him.
Shillong, November 15: A bus from Shillong to Phudkroh has overturned at Kynrang village this morning.
These are the goods smuggled to Bangladesh through the Simsang River.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Senior Citizen Forum of Ri War Mih has denied that the Forum has supported the OC of Pynursla. Vice Chairman of the Forum, Bah Peter Rynjah, said that the forum has not condemned anyone.
During the visit, the MLA in the presence of the village leaders, school authorities and parents also discussed how to bring about development in the village especially to improve the quality of education in the village. improve education for the benefit of students who do not have to go to schools far away from the village.
He said that the MDA allies, the NPP and UDP, will also nominate their own candidates for the Lok Sabha MP election.
Shillong: The Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) has expressed its deep regret over the delay of the MDA Government under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma to notify the promotion of Sohra Civil Sub-Division is not included in the District.
Speaking to reporters in Jowai, Bah Sanbor said that the JSU and the village leaders want to repair or renovate the Auditorium which is currently in flood. rishot and damage to doors, villages and others.
Shillong Lajong FC Reserved team scored the two goals when Batskhem scored in the 36th minute and Donbok in the 10th minute. the 71st of the second half.
However, when inquired, the DC said that he has not yet received any report from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
Speaking on the kilo cut of farmers in the market, Bah Shylla said, “It is these Mahajons who take advantage of the farmers, teach 300 kinds of theft, the Khasi earns his rights when he weighs “If there is a Khasi market, the farmer has the right, the buyer has the right, but these foreign traders have a trick of throwing shirynieng from head to toe,” he said. .
In the fourth match, Top-G managed to score 19-15 in extra time to win.
It is learned that the nurses have even told the journalists not to ring the video, but on the part of the union; They have fulfilled and on the part of the media, they have fulfilled their duty, that the government should see and do something.
The opening ceremony was held at NEHU, Shillong in the presence of Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, IPS, Director General of Police, Meghalaya as the chief guest.
We have reached such a low level of selfishness and selfishness that we can no longer rise up to do things that benefit ourselves and society.
Besides Dr Wanweiroi, MP VH Pala, MDC Jowai Central, Dolloi Puramon Kynjing, Waheh Shnong Moosalyngkat R Tariang, General Secretary R Khiangte and others were also present. .
Moodymmai scored 104 runs in 15.1 overs for the loss of all wickets.
In Ri Khasi, they came with the intention of asking for land to build roads, but in Jaintia Hills, they came with the intention of winning and ruling.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) have killed more than 400 Hamas members in the Gaza Strip and arrested dozens more since the Palestinian-Israeli conflict began on Sunday. Saturday, IDF spokesman Daniel Hagari said on Sunday.
However, Nijanduh Phawa has refused to file a complaint against the village leaders.
It is also prohibited for supporters or candidates to carry more than 50,000 tyngka during the election days in the ADC Constituency.
The meeting was attended by Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin Constituency, in the presence of scientists including Prof. Dinabandhu Sahoo, Director, Center for Himalayan Studies, University of Delhi, New Delhi, Dr. MS Behera, Dean CoA Kyrdemkulai CAU Meghalaya and Chairman FIE 2022, Dr I.Mawthoh Principal Nongstoiñ College and others.
“Through this event, we will also showcase to the world the richness and uniqueness of the Khasi people,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Conrad said there have been discussions on the implementation of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) immediately, accusing the government of not doing anything.
The union has made it clear that if it finds such incidents again, the union will take strong action against the staff of the CHC Ummulong by closing down. to you.
Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
However, we should not be surprised by the lack of attention of this government and we can expect to see Block III in the coming days.
Surprisingly, in parts of the state from the west, east to east including Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ribhoi, Block I & II which are the areas that the Meghalaya government has to take care of.
If you eat the meat, it will be bih. If you are lucky enough to eat the meat, it will be good.
When this office receives complaints of such bills, it has sent a thorough investigation into each bill.
B.P.Najiar, Vacation Service Rtn.
NASA said the asteroid, known as 2020 HS7 (4-6 meters in diameter), is small and if it collides with the Earth, it will fall into the atmosphere. .
Immediately after the Commission submitted its report to the State Government, Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, congratulated the government employees with a new salary in November 2017 (Christmas gift), All government employees remember those times when they received the new salary, the Fifth Pay Revision.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has said that it will soon send for testing of the bread sold in the state. Chemicals that can cause cancer.
The stadium, which is also the first Futsal stadium in Meghalaya, has been covered with plastic boards and is 40x22m in size and has been equipped with floodlights all around the stadium. There are 4 people called '4 For All'
The total number of cases has risen to 4,25,282, 1,74,387 are still undergoing treatment, 2,37,196 have recovered and 13,699 have died.
Wanri is currently the Director of Arts and Culture, Batlang Samuel is the Secretary and CEO of the Municipal and D Sangma is the Director of Housing.
MS Rao said the meeting chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has decided that churches and places of worship will be opened in the first month of next month. .
The order was issued by the Secretary to the Department of Transport, Bah E Kharmalki on 23rd July 2023, in accordance with the authority conferred under Section 116 of the Control Act no longer allowed to sound horns or horns.
Shillong, July 12: The Greater Laban Community Society on Saturday honored Ankur Das who passed the UPSC examination for the year 2021 and three students. to Laban Bengalee Boys Higher Secondary School.
Not only that, they requested the Mawkyrwat Constituency to take action on this issue by creating the means to improve this road and not to promise only before the end of the year. elections because it is often found that the promises made during the elections are many but the implementation is few.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has said that the EVM and VVPAT will be counted at only one Polling Station in one constituency but the political parties want it to be counted at all 3082 Polling Stations. There are 60 polling stations in the constituency.
The residents also said that they are concerned whether this bridge can support the movement of these heavy trucks and it seems to change.
The meeting was attended by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA, Bah Victor Rani, MDC, NPP party leaders and many other leaders of the NPP. this is the border area.
To appease the anger of the students, the Vice Chancellor has promised to implement only 5 out of the 20 demands that NEHUSU has put before the NEHU authorities. to immediately implement the demand for Wifi in the hostels of the students, to provide more buses to pick up and drop off the students every day, to provide good food and drink to provide drinking water inside the hostel, to provide medicines inside the Health Center at NEHU Campus and to immediately repair the damage to the hostels.
“We don't like that because they are our own Khasi who came to kill the Dkhars and this shows clearly that there is a benami there,” said Bah Mawlong.
They said, “Let us build houses like the ships of the Garo.
As a nation, we remember our ancestors, and we are proud of foreigners, east, west, east and west; Indeed, to the nations around the world, we have the honor that we are the children of Hynniewtrep.
This reporter also spoke to Bah Pran Jala because many times there are comments on the Niam Tranrai belief saying that it is a superstition but when talking to u Rangbah Nongshat Nongkheiñ u He said that he doesn't hate anyone but those who want to know the origin should meet him face to face and it is useless to talk in the newspaper because it is just in the air just to know the public. “If you are stupid or those who say that your faith is stupid, come forward, we will not beat, we will not judge, we will not shrut but we will speak face to face so that they will understand,” said Bah Pran.
The final will be played on the 22nd of January.
On the other hand, the Government has urged all those who wish to return to the state to stop coming to the state during these days of closure of entry and exit points from the 1st to the 7th. date of every next 3 months.
He said it was shocking to see that the DC and SP were present during the raid on his house yesterday.
R Thabah, K Lyngdoh and P Kharkongor scored two goals in the 12.83rd, 59.76th and 78.88th minutes while V Pyngrope and K Rani scored each in the 28th minute. and 86 minutes.
We will take action on this issue and ensure that steps are taken within the courts to expedite the trial,” said Prestone.
The schemes of the central government which were intended to provide assistance to the youth through loans have not received any assistance from the banks.
He said that there will be a bumper round Housie T.55,555/- and a Lucky Draw ticket will be drawn.
Speaking on the occasion, Moitra strongly criticized Union Home Minister Amit Shah for his statement that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state.
The Seng also urges the residents of this area to cooperate with the Seng by informing the Seng if they have any information about any person involved in this.
Maruti Suzuki posted a 17.5 per cent decline in vehicle production in November, which has been the lowest for five months.
He said that an expression of interest (EOI) has been submitted and the project will be implemented by Trinity Impex International New Delhi (Scientific Organisation). They decided to plant algae in the river and this algae will clean the river within 3-6 months.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh, Fr Lawrence Nongkseh, Rev Charles Sangma, Rev Fr Felix Aiban Kleiñ, sisters, elders and faithful. in the Catholic Church.
After meeting with Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday, the leader of the party, Bah Starwin Kharjana, said that the party has expressed its pending demands including the demand for the appointment of disabled members in the Government departments, to conduct special recruitment examinations in case of vacancies when Government employees with disabilities die or resign because they have been employed elsewhere.
The question is why does this happen? Is it the desire for honor, the desire for money, the desire to please others rather than one's own, the desire to be too leader, the desire for region or language and other reasons.
“Prestone, with his many years of experience in the state politics, will take over from Dr Kharlukhi and further strengthen the NPP in Meghalaya and the North East.
The MCTA and SEC unit leaders started a dharna in front of St. Edmund College to protest against the dismissal of Professor Jeffreyson Wahlang and to demand that the Governing Body should take action against the dismissal of Professor Jeffreyson Wahlang. The teacher should be re-appointed to the College.
It cannot be denied that politics is indeed power and also money is indeed politics, with money the people are made to elect their representatives, in the power of money the representatives who have you are elected and able to hold the throne of power.
Expressing his regret that his name has come up in unnecessary controversy, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has directed Mukul Sangma to bring forward the facts on the case of this person and also to These are the facts about this case, when this case happened and where it came from.
They said that if the government through the DC does not do anything on this issue, they will take other stronger measures and if necessary, they will tie even the police. The court has closed the door of the court, concluded the statement.
Shillong, July 13: To avoid the shortage of burial grounds due to the lack of land, the Catholic Church has used a method by building a cemetery for those members of the church who have died. died.
He understood that the HNLC members would support Bah RG Lyngdoh.
“NEHUSU through its Secretary strongly condemns the inability of the Vice Chancellor to look into the issues of the students even after the Union has raised many demands from time to time. .
The important thing is to pass laws within the Assembly, to pass policies and procedures for the welfare and benefit of the people according to the status and needs of the people. leaders, leaders of the people, to raise awareness of the problems, needs of the people, to speak for the land, the customs and traditions, the to create opportunities for the future of the people of the constituency, the region and the state, to bring peace and order, governance A clean environment, there is a need for leaders to be the shapers for a brighter future in society.
Meanwhile, 50 persons have been sentenced to more severe conditions for various crimes and crimes committed in the past.
According to these Office Memoranda and Directives, in Meghalaya, the reservation is only 1% for Scheduled Castes, 44% for Scheduled Tribes and 5% for Other Backward Classes.
Iranian MP Fatemeh Rahbar, 55, has died of the coronavirus, the newly elected MP.
“Unfortunately, many of the students are facing many shortcomings when they come to study at this place and this is not the fault of the parents or the children, but the lack of receive good training from an early age”, said Fr.Paul.
If money doesn't flow, income won't increase.
And drinking alcohol at any time, especially after eating, helps to burn fat quickly and prevents obesity.
Bah Pynïaid said that the KAAC leaders have said that the issues will be resolved through dialogue at the table and there will be nothing that cannot be resolved through dialogue.
The NPP leaders discussed with the Minister the problems faced by the minorities in the area including Christians, Muslims and others.
Nongstoiñ: The Meghalaya High Court Division Bench on Tuesday directed the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District to hold a public hearing on the transfer of Warsan Lyngdoh area to South West Khasi Hills District. The meeting was held on the 19th of this month at Pyndenumjarin Square.
They also encouraged the tyngshops and purons who took part in this song to continue to improve especially so that they can produce more songs in the future.
“The money collected by Sohan was placed in the hands of Chiruma and her brothers.
The two seriously injured persons were taken to Maweit PHC for treatment.
He said that during this month the fast starts at 3 pm and will end until 6:15 pm, during which time they will not eat or drink.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26 : U Bah Process T Sawkmie, Co Chairman of the State Development Reform Commission (SDC), on Tuesday visited the schemes he implemented during his tenure as MLA for Umpling Umjathang. One scheme is for the construction of a classroom and another for the construction of a football field.
The signs are so bright that it has caused the drivers and passengers of the road to laugh when they see the lack of attention of the workers appointed by the contractor to work on the road. this is the road.
“I am pleased to see that Bah Syiem has met with the Governor to pass this Bill,” said the former CEM of KHADC.
Explaining what was discussed with the DC, Lambokstar Marngar said that regarding the Entry Point which was inspected on 19Mer, the DC said that it has to consider carefully. Because although it was planned to be built in this place earlier, but because of some problems, which was also one of the reasons why the work was delayed.
Because of the incident in Mukroh, it has prompted the civil society and the people to strongly condemn the actions of the Assam police and there have also been protests in Shillong and other places to condemn and sympathize with the refugees.
The order has prohibited the gathering of more than five persons and prohibited the carrying of weapons including wood and stones in Mynkjai.
“The Meghalaya TMC cannot turn a blind eye to these corrupt practices of the BJP government, so we will fight against this to the end and we cannot just watch our beloved country be destroyed,” he said. and the freedom to follow one's faith will be violated, we must fight together against this evil plan of the BJP in all the states of the country,” he added.
FIFA has also announced that they will also participate in the 2023 tournament in November and April which will be co-hosted by Australia and New Zealand. send the proposal formally with FIFA by at least November 8 this year.
On 24th November, 2019, the Lokayukta had ordered a CBI inquiry into the case.
The strike by the members of the Joint Action Committee has started since 13th November.
Sources from the party said on Tuesday that the names of two former leaders, Bah Jemino Mawthoh from Nongthymmai and Bah PT Sawkmie from Mawlai, along with the retired president of the Seng Hynniewtrep, have been announced. Youths' Council (HYC) candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin has been nominated for the ticket.
The report said that the poverty rate in Pakistan is almost half of the population of the country and this has affected the people in the country. status and those who are suffering even from food and drink and the necessities that they deserve as human beings.
JAC President O Thangkhiew and Secretary M Sangkli said the JAC stands firm on the issues lodged against the Syiem for his violent acts which have affected the customs and traditions of the people. domain.
Shillong: A house in Nongmensong Langkyrding village has been flooded by heavy rainfall in the middle of the night on Monday.
Shillong: KSU Mawprem Circle on Saturday, 25th June, 2019 under the leadership of Arristone Thabah President, KSU Mawprem Circle and Sam Shylla General Secretary, KSU Mawprem Circle. They went to raid the foreign workers who work in Mawbah.
Meghalaya has recorded 50 new cases of Covid-19 in the state, 29 in East Khasi Hills District and 29 in East Khasi Hills District. There are 15 cases in Ribhoi District, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills and 3 cases in West Garo Hills.
The Salestian Fathers of Mawlai, led by Father, Barnabas Mawrie, after receiving information about the destruction of a well on their land, today conducted an inspection of their land, where they It was found that the wells dug in the area, which are the boundaries of the area, have been forcibly destroyed yesterday by the District authorities of Ri-Bhoi, without the knowledge of these Fathers. that trai bag.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), Bah RL Blah, said that it would like to clarify the news on the letter received from the Prime Minister regarding the He promised that the Government will not interfere with the work of the District Councils.
At the end of the tournament, MPCC Executive President James Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of Umsning Block Congress Committee President Rocky Marwein, MG Kharshanlor, GG Marwein and others. other leaders and office bearers of the Congress party.
“Furthermore, the CEM also requests the cooperation of the Opposition on this issue.
Therefore, the jobs that should have been filled by the Garo and filled by the Khasi in the past years should no longer be filled but should wait until the turn of the Garo friends.
Speaking briefly, Bah Titosster announced that Diengsong has won the title not only in this tournament but also in the children's tournament organized by Sohra Sports. Association.
Manchester Pathaw alone tied for 54 runs from 53 balls, Marken B Kharkongor tied for 49 runs from 42 balls, while Md. Muksodul Choudhury took three wickets. 28 runs in 4 overs and Prem Lama took 2 wickets for 13 runs in 4 overs.
The President of the GSU said that the GSU does not oppose anyone on this issue but said that the Sixth Schedule is reserved only for the people of Meghalaya. .
The woman was identified as Trinity Saioo from Jaintia Hills and founder of the Self Help Group of Women.
At the same time, they expressed their happiness to be able to take part in the MSL once again after the years of Covid-1
She said that she has been told many times and because of the lack of money they have to obey what she says and when they meet on the road she forces them to lead her wherever they want.
This method of work is the most beautiful, but it is difficult even for the ignorant.
Furthermore, on the part of some of those who have signed their names to oppose this Bill, it has been found that they oppose everything that the Government does especially when the KHADC intends to do something for the benefit of the people. in Khasi.
“However, we have the North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) and this is very large.
“Expressing that the Police will continue to fight against the spread of drugs, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The Police team has been sleepless and is trying its best to arrest the drug traffickers.
Merge all the national parties into one party and we will accept the formation of the National Government.
This has angered the residents and in anger they have thrown stones at the bank. Until now, no information has been received whether the bank has been damaged or whether any of the employees inside have been injured.
Mukul said various government departments are examining the recommendations of the ADCs. “We will submit the recommendations to the central government after all the requirements have been met,” he said.
In fact, it is the village headmen who should complain and bring it before the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21 : Shillong Lajong, who have not lost a single match, are now preparing to face Delhi FC in the I-League on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium, Polo. at 2:00 pm.
The Minister said that Meghalaya is one of the states which has implemented well in various implementation projects including MGNREGS, which has cost Rs.1600 crore. per year.
At the same time, Bah PB Sylliang said that the meeting also discussed the clarification received from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council which has directed the Hima Mylliem to issue NOC to anyone who intends to set up a business. Hotels, wine shops and others until they receive the NOC from the Union of Rangbah Shnongs. The Union has accepted the decision of the District Council and the SKRS has also taken a decision. to honor the young athletes who have brought glory to Ri Bhoi District through the medals won at the 2nd North East Olympic Games which ended recently in Shillong as well as Kong Margret Pathaw, who won the gold medal at the World Arm Wrestling Championship held in Turkey to be held on November 10 in Nongpoh.
The party also criticized the government for delaying the passage of the VAB by saying that there are mistakes here and there, but it is quick to pass the Citizens Act and the division of constituencies even among many. protests, only in a few days and especially the MDC elections in KHADC which was held overnight.
At the same time, he said that the appeal by the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem to the court against the order of the Governor to hold the election for a new Chairman is based on his understanding of the laws.
He said that he wants to focus on this project and he can also design according to the wishes and specifications of the contractors but due to the lack of people who know his talent and employers he cannot. He worked as many jobs as he could whether it was in agriculture, mystery work or other jobs just to earn a living although he enjoyed working in the stone industry.
He said that in the second phase it will be more difficult and more difficult unlike in the first phase where the arrangement from Assam is only with the government but in this phase Karbi Anglong The District Council will also participate.
Barcelona (B team) manager Rafael Marquez has been appointed as the new manager.
“This is just a lie and there is no way to say anything else because in the past five years the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has not been able to fulfill or achieve them. “It's a promise for the people of the state,” said the NPP in a statement, “but now he has started promising to mislead the people by creating jobs and employment for up to 5 lakh people if the NPP wins again. to form government.
He completed Class X from Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School, Bethany Society, Shillong.
“Now the people are angry with the district administration and the petrol pump workers and this could lead to more problems if it cannot be stopped in time,” said the two organizations.
The HNLC said the current electricity shortage has affected all aspects of the country, including newspapers, hospitals, banks, schools, food and drinking water distribution and other poor activities.
“Other states also want this as it will pave the way for more development grants and increase the number of seats.
Some have discussed the name of Dr. Don's son and some have discussed the name of the CEM of KHADC but this has ended only in public discussion.
On the lack of demarcation in the first phase, Bah Mawrie said the Government has given time before taking a decision on the first phase and therefore the people should come forward to give their opinion and inform the Government at this time.
The SP said that besides these five GNLA supporters, Shallang police have also arrested two members of the LAEF. They have also been involved in many kidnappings and robberies in the area.
This is called PENTECOST. Thus we see that the four feasts of God were fulfilled until the day of Pentecost.
It is the second WTA 1000 trophy for Elena Rybakina this year as she won the Italian Open title.
“Not only that, the delivery of the electricity bills was not after the meter was inspected but it was done by the MeECL authorities just by sitting on the bench,” he said.
Regarding the examination, the DC's office has directed that the ADMIT CARDS of the examinees will be a 'Curfew Pass' for the examinees and for 2 persons who accompany them. him.
Shillong: The employees of MCCL, today, staged a strike to demand the payment of their salaries.
Tamil Nadu has 33,000 new cases, Karnataka and Kerala each 30,000, Maharashtra 28,438 and 32.26 lakh still infected.
He said that he has been in the government since 2003 until now but the present government has set a record in the PWD department and he said that by 2023 onwards the allocation will be 3 percent and 4 percent. than this is now.
Shillong, Nailur 17: On the 20th of November, the organizers have scheduled four matches.
Lafarge-Umiam says on its website that its annual turnover is about Rs 500 crore.
Habandarisha Shangpliang took three wickets for 29 runs, Lawaijanai Synnah took two wickets for 14 runs and Eliza Lyngdoh took two wickets for 28 runs.
The four kurs in the Raid Buam including the Khyriem, Surong, Sumer and Buam Kurs have expressed their opposition to the proposal to appoint Sumer Buam as the Lyngdoh of the Raid Buam for many years. and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
He alleged that the venue for the Mela is under the jurisdiction of the three villages, but the approval was given only to one sordar without consulting with other villages. they staged a boycott of the fair.
Lemberkutstep alleged that Lyngdoh had paid T.54295 to MeECL until the fire was cut off at the Hima office.
He said that the government's allocation of T.133 crore to the KHADC in these days by holding the name of MDC has been reduced and now the amount of T.133 crore is due to the dispute between the KHADC. CEM of KHADC and Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma said that after the mid-term MP elections, the government will try to come up with its own strategy to overthrow the CEM of Bah Pynshngaiñ. If it can do so, it will not charge the Council anymore and the T.133 crore will be released.
Photos, which have been shared on social media, showed the protesters carrying a map of the United States.
The players to represent the country will be selected based on their performance in the tournament.
Speaking to reporters, Khostingwell Nongsiej said, “We understand the government's concern that it cannot do this work quickly, therefore we ask for a bridge that can only pass vehicles. small is enough, even if you don't have a road.
Rising Star tied for 201 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets.
This happened around 1:00 pm after a crowd gathered to hold a protest near Viswadeepti School.
However, one of the biggest problems affecting the people of the state is the decline in income and unemployment of the youth of the state, which has put the government in a state of shock despite the distribution of schemes. shipping.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Umkdait, NS Umlyngkdait, said that the flooding of water into the villages has been caused by the construction of the 4lane road where the homepipe has been installed by the NHAI. Therefore, the water cannot flow properly and the water cannot flow properly and it will become a flood from time to time.
Sohra: The Acting Syiem of Sohra Hima, Nangkiewdor Khongwir, who has just received his Sanad from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on 28th July, has not been able to take over the post of Syiem. that the Syiem of Sohra Hima, who has been suspended, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem, has not handed over the key to open the Syiem's ​​office.
This law shall come into force immediately and until further notice.
She was very sad in her heart because the events in her life now had affected this close friend.
Although Ri Bhoi District does not have adequate sports grounds like other districts of the State, it will soon have an Athletic Track at Chinchona in Nongpoh.
The Procession ended with the celebration of the Sacrament blessed by Rev Jala to the faithful followed by prayers and songs of praise.
The insurance period for agents has been extended from T.3,000-T.10,000 to T.25,000-T.1,50,0
“I have seen the difference in our children in these 5 days and I hope that this program will reach other schools in the district and state, and perhaps a similar program for teachers. too," he concluded.
" John 4: 20 – 24 .
The leaders do not listen to the concerns of the residents even though they are at the forefront especially in small villages where most of the residents are farmers who are struggling to improve their income. even in the midst of a lack of roads or roads.
Pius received 13,138 votes, Martin M Dango received 10,095 votes, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem received 1977 votes, Jacquish A Sangma of Congress received 937 votes and NOTA received 178 votes.
The village leaders praised Bah Raja Brahma, BDO Umsning, for his hard work in bringing about such development projects. Raja Brahma, speaking at the opening ceremony of the MNREGA scheme, said that the government is ready to work together to raise the issue in the villages, especially to improve the development works through the MNREGA scheme. project, he expressed his satisfaction after seeing that these villages are implementing the project, in order to bring about change in the villages, therefore he urged the village leaders and VECs, to work together so that He also urged the people and village leaders not to be stumbling blocks when it comes to any development works in the villages.
In 2013, the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, visited the state.
He said that the closure of this road in Mawlong Market has caused problems to many people because of the overcrowding of the roads. There are many people who don't need to pass through this place.
The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has seized 755 vehicles including two wheelers for violating the rules and has fined T.7,68,900 in November, 2023 alone.
Tynsong said the dewbilat is sufficient for the needs of the state in the next two months.
Shillong, Nailur 10 : The State Government has collected information to compare the fees of various schools and colleges in the city and the state run by private individuals, religious groups and others.
Amazing was speaking at the election campaign rally of the UDP candidate Bah Synshar Lyngdoh held today 3rd June 2023 at Weilyngkut.
Therefore, the MLA has advised the village leaders to take action and also to close the roads leading to the villages in the area. The region is bordered by Assam.
Israeli artillery shells hit a school in Rafah this morning, killing 10 people and wounding 35 others outside the school.
Hawking is a scientist who has written extensively on science, including space, time and the black hole in his book 'A Brief History of Time. it is the best-selling book in the world, after Albert Einstein.
Speaking on the incident, Bah Rocky A Marwein, said that the body of the newborn child was stolen by the robbers and found first. The body was treated by a doctor.
(iv) to provide special support to family members and patients suffering from tuberculosis and other serious and expensive diseases.
There is a proverb that says, “Not all that glitters is gold”.
As we said before, we say no to these things.
On the attack on NPP candidates in Manipur, the Chief Minister said, “Such an incident cannot be accepted in democracy. The candidates in Manipur may have fears from other parties about the rise of the NPP party in the state.
These 4 EMs are still in Lat.
Enter into the joy of thy lord" (Matthew 25:21).
“When Maheh passed away, the family decided to take his brother, how can we leave the family of Maheh at such a time when they need our support and because “Maheh has done very well for the constituency and we have to congratulate him for winning his brother,” said one woman.
Referring to the Education Minister of India, Dharmendra Pradhan, he said that students should not be forced to have Aadhaar and should not lose any benefits when they are entitled to Aadhaar. .
The protest started from 10:30 am to 12:30 pm.
From the TMC, four candidates have registered, namely Elgiva Rynjah from North Shillong, Gilbert Laloo from Mylliem, Vincent Sangma from Mawsynram and Stepborn Kupar Ryndem from Mawlai.
On the other hand, these leaders said that this is an opportunity for the youth who have the strength and talent to come forward in order to develop their sports skills as this is also an opportunity for those who have the skills. They have the ability to be selected for other higher competitions even to represent Meghalaya and this tournament will also be a preparation for the Meghalaya Games.
Speaking on the occasion, Andrew strongly criticized Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla for the delay in building the new Iawmusiang because he wants his family to do the work.
We spend our days and years as a story (in this world) our days and years are 70 years or because we are strong 80 years.
"“We have been waiting for fifty years, wait a few more months and we will try to do it the right way.
no.9402118693, Manufacturers.
Shillong: Two youths were shot dead by the Border Security Force (BSF) at Lad Umsyiem on Sunday night.
She urged the District Council, which is the authority, not to look at the issue of Bakur, but to direct the Dolloi to hold an elected Dorbar Shnong. Other speakers were Sylvester Khonglah and Standy Khonglah, Waheh Shnong.
It is on this basis that the Seng Longkmie, today, has stood in front of the police station and demanded that these people who have lodged the complaint should immediately withdraw the complaint.
Whether small or large, we shall not be saved if we fight against the right hand of God. This is the main cause of destruction, because the desire is not the lack of satisfaction in receiving what God has blessed.
“As MeECL is facing a serious income crisis, we feel it would be better if we appoint people who have connections in the electricity department. “It's a good idea to have money within MeECL even if it's temporary and it will help solve the problem”.
The party also wishes all the players to play well and bring glory to the state.
The relocation of the SCA training center comes after Meghalaya has been accepted and recognized by the BCCI and has been able to participate in the biggest state cricket tournament in the country. The Ranji Trophy, the current cricket ground at the JN Stadium, has been renovated and it is understood that it will no longer be used publicly except for any kind of cricket. MCA and BCCI. Regarding the postponement of the training camp, today, 19th October 2022, a meeting was held to open the training camp. In the presence of MLA and Minister of State Bah Hamletson Dohling, Rangbah Shnong, office bearers of Lawsohtun Sports Club, Lawsohtun Sports Club, Naba Bhattacharjee, Convenor of the BCCI Task Force North East, Shillong Cricket Academy officials, coaches and parents of the children.
Shillong: Shillong received 10.8 millimeters of rainfall today, while no rainfall today.
The team also investigated seven policemen working with AIG (A) who confirmed that these vehicles purchased by the Police Head Quarter were owned by AIG (A).
The price of petrol rose by T.0.12 per liter in New Delhi and Mumbai today, another day that the price of petrol continued to rise.
The absence of the four MLAs, has surprised the people who attended the meeting, as the party leaders in the state, have announced that these MLAs, will be present. only in a public meeting, the prime minister.
The meeting was chaired by the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Prabin Bakshi.
I also agree with this decision but it is up to the regional MLAs whether they support the candidate who supports CAA or whether they support Bah Paul.
Arun said that Ardent's actions show that he thinks only of himself. “I don't care if others are elected, it's a disrespect to the village, it's because he doesn't understand that He will not be elected as chairman unless he understands why he is doing so,” said Leonard Arun Mawrie.
The union wants to inform the government that it should show and explain these jobs where the youth of the state cannot work and the union demands from all foreign companies not to send workers to the state. and you shall not be employed by the youth of the State who have the necessary skills to work in the right job.
Before the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, stood up to speak in response, Bah HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem, who is on the ruling side, stood up and said that all the members of the KHADC He is one in beef and beef (meat for those who eat, beef for farmers) but he says that he doesn't eat beef and it is not forbidden by anyone but it is forbidden in the doctor.
c, Mawpat Circle II, Nongbri FC, Mawpdang A, Umpling Kicker, Night Riders FC, Mawiong FC, Diengpasoh FC, Umroh FC, The Knight FC, N.f.
Furthermore, the district authorities of Kamrup (Metropolitan), including Guwahati, have issued an order ban ban anyone from flying drones on the 25th of this month. month.
After the leaders of the union arrived at the office, and the discussion on the issues had just begun, it was alleged that the head of NEIGRIHMS, had shouted and made allegations that the union had come with a purpose. Recalling the incident in the past few days on the 19th, the day the HYC lodged the petition.
When contacted by the leaders of the party, they said that this donation is part of the donation as a sign of doing good to the poor and as a sign of unity as brothers and sisters. The union also requested the Minister of Health, AL Hek to look into many of the shortcomings of the government especially in terms of lack of beds, medical equipment and others. She also urged especially the nurses and staff of this hospital to have a love for those who are sick because through their love they can be healed immediately and without that. the sight of those who are sick.
We, the senbhalang, say that when we reach the Secretariat, we forget all these things, and who are those who reach the Secretariat?
He appeared before the Delhi High Court for bail, which decided to hear the matter on October
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, at a meeting in Delhi, said that the Indian government has never built facilities to detain smugglers.
Another horrific attack on journalists in India was the shooting death of Rising Kashmir editor Syed Shujaat Bukhari in July 2018 along with two of his bodyguards.
Two persons have been arrested in connection with the murder of a 50-year-old man on the 1st of this month at about 3 pm at Khatar Shnong, Sohra, East Khasi Hills. , according to a police report.
Is it possible to speak IOA only by the Chief Minister and Home Minister without the presence of the owners of the positions such as the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars of the Khasi Hills or the Federation of Khasi States? The NCST on 26 April 2012 approved the Instruments of Accession and Annexed Agreement of the Khasi States followed by letters from the NCST Chief to the Union Home Minister of India to introduce the rules. The Minister of Home Affairs of Meghalaya has been talking nonsense.
In the KHADC, the NPP has four MDCs, HS Shylla from Nongkrem, Jansing Tynsong from Lyngkyrdem, Victor Rani from Jirang and Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Sohryngkham.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Dorbar Shnong Malki on the 16th of this month has elected its new Rangbah Shnong.
Dr Lyndem said; “I have witnessed the problems faced by educational institutions in the state, and Kiang Nangbah Government College deserves to receive an A++ rating because if A+ stands in front of you, they will not reach anywhere. too.
Among these strong men were Mar Phalyngki, Lah Laskor, Luh, Tapum, Mak, and Maklai.
In Khliehriat, 75 runners participated and in Jowai, 80 runners.
Similarly, the road from Nongstoin, Mawkawah, Khliehmawlieh to Nongrangoi has been painted under the same scheme and the remaining part is in the middle as there is a stream and rice fields.
He also encouraged the youth and the Ri War area as a whole in Pynursla Block to come forward in good deeds and not to rely only on the Rangbah Shnong because the youth are the future of the village. Thaw and the whole area where he said that if the youth are strong, the village is strong.
Earlier, Himanta Biswa Sarma on many occasions had said that Mukroh is the land of Meghalaya.
The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle would like to extend its best wishes and congratulations to these two youths for their contribution and the reputation they have brought to the community, the region and the nation of the state as a whole. It is a pleasure to honor both these young footballers who have taken part in bringing Meghalaya to the final for the first time in the Santosh Trophy.
However, the HYC leaders said that they are ready to forgive and apologize to Bah Marcus Marten, because as the leaders of the HYC, they feel that if there is no mutual forgiveness when there are mistakes, it will be I don't know where to go, especially for the Khasi Khara, because as human beings I have my own shortcomings.
China has launched two spacecraft in recent years, known as the Tiangong-1 and Tiangong-2
Shillong, November 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that the state government has not released the Dearness Allowances (DA) of government employees till today.
He said that if there are no many amendments, the Bill will be taken to the House on the 20th of this month.
B.Kharkongor scored four goals in the 9th, 12th, 17th and 30th minutes, while F.Mawlong and C.Kharkongor scored 10 goals each in the 33rd minute. and 48 goals were scored by B.Kharthangmaw in the 10th minute.
“I went to Kongthei Daplin's house first...” He said. “You told me you came here.
Furthermore, he urged the youth not to be discouraged in any problems they face in life because problems and obstacles are not the end of life.
“If he has anything against me, he should go to court, no problem,” said Bah Dorphang. “I respect him as a leader of the people,” said Bah Dorphang.
This is a new system where in the past, consumers used to burn electricity and after the month, they will measure how much the bill will be but in this new system, people have to buy electricity in advance. how to buy a mobile top-up.
These matches will be played at 12:30 and 2:30 pm on the 18th of this month.
“Not only that, the fall of the tree has also damaged the electric posts and there has been a shortage of light which will prevent the lighting in these areas”.
He was speaking at the Chief Minister's Conclave at Shillong Police Station.
Shillong: East Garo Hills Cricket Association (STC) beat Shillong Cricket Association (A) by 18 runs to reach the final of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament. Thursday at Salpara, Mendipathar.
Another of those shot dead was Ghazi Rasheed, one of the suspects in the bombing of Afghanistan.
There will also be a costume contest, a calligraphy contest and a drawing contest for children, Goyal said.
“We found that they had thrown away their uniforms by dressing themselves as civilians,” Hagari said.
This means that God wants people to surrender into His mighty hands, to turn to Him from all evil ways.
Three meetings were held between the Urban Affairs Department and the Home (Jail) Department.
As we know, Bah Alexander L. Hek, Minister of State from the BJP, has also complained about this issue during the Cabinet meeting but the Government has not listened,” said Kong Pariat in a statement. .
The land selling industry is a job that can improve the quality of life of everyone to support the family and even to support the education of their children at higher levels. How can you destroy all those who sit on the ground if you shut them up? The Khasi were told not to sell their land to avoid mass gatherings to prevent the spread of Covid-1
He appealed to the people to beware of such leaders who do not have the heart and soul of compassion for others, that is the message that Bah Kitborlang Nongrem wants. Another on the allegation by one of the leaders or as a spokesperson of the VPP that he has led the public opinion or corrupted the public opinion only as such On this occasion, Bah Kitborlang said that the VPP Spokesperson has never shown mercy to the people. Therefore, you don't have that understanding of the value of showing mercy to others.
Shillong, Naitung 14: A woman who was raped by 15 robbers at Pipulbari village on the Meghalaya-Assam border has not been surprised and is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Dhubri, Assam.
“However, the issue of Bah George Lyngdoh to discuss the collection of taxes at petrol pumps, the movement of overloaded trucks which have damaged the road and so on has led to the MPCC. The President is not happy because this could affect his business,” he said.
Recently, 17 smart city projects have been implemented across the state.
This was witnessed on the day of Pentecost when people came from all over the world and spoke in their own languages, sought gods and worshiped in their own way.
The leader of the group, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has informed that the Government will not be able to announce the report of the investigation. Justice T.Vaiphei will be submitted to the Legislative Assembly on the first day of the Synrai Dorbar on the 9th November,
He said that not only that, but this issue has been discussed at meetings within the UDP or even at meetings within the Assembly because they understand that it is necessary.
In the women's category, Rikynti Ranee came first, Banisha Ranee came second and Moniga Mego came third.
On the other hand, Bah Ronnie Wahlang expressed his gratitude to the village of Umphrup, which has taken the lead in the development of Ri Khasi Jaintia. use the Village.
While the Dkhars help and protect the people every day, the BSF is no longer the Border Security Force but the Bhakad Security Force which protects only the Dkhars, not the Khasi.
After the ceasefire, the Patrolling Officer (PO) immediately informed the District Magistrate, West Garo Hills, Tura and other government officials.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Shemphanglang L Mawphlang, Former Vice President KSU Seng Kmie, Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani, Information & Publicity Secretary KSU CEC, Bah Ferdinand Kharbuli, Lecturer Khasi Dept.
The Bodoland Land Policy is being drafted and is expected to be completed soon.
Besides the bank officials who came to explain to the people, the residents and those who benefit from the banks also took part.
If you are willing to watch Youtube you will find people's discoveries.
The memorial service was held at Spring Valley Farm, Mawpat in the presence of members of the Meghalaya Model United Nations (MMNU). Bremly Priest.
“It was only 3 months due to the delay in getting the registration and getting the shap, but due to the miracles of God and the great support of the people, about 4 people have won the VPP,” he said. state.
Of this, T.320,868,676 has been spent for 13 Deficit Colleges, T.56,198,954 for 8 People's Colleges, T.21,276,960 for 6 Adhoc Colleges and T.500,000 for 5 Rural Colleges. , according to the available data.
How can this leader of AJYWO speak without thinking, when the RTI requested by Kong Arlin Dkhar is not available, isn't it true?  Isn't the RTI Report evidence to prove that the CEM has embezzled public money?
I am surprised how the Sengbhalang gets money to distribute food to the people, although the food is not available and many are happy, in fact it is the duty of the leaders and The government authorities should take action only during this time of pandemic, but we are grateful to the donors.
He said that in the central government, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) was formed in collaboration with the NPP. In the state, the NPP has won many seats in collaboration with the party. The BJP has been renamed the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) and in Garo Hills the NPP has been allied with the BJP in GHADC. What is the NPP without the BJP? Prestone Tynsong's statement that the BJP should leave the MDA is an irresponsible statement and this statement of the NPP's resignation from the MDA. The NPP is a party allied with the BJP in the MDA, the NPP does not own the MDA and its statement NPP to BJP to leave MDA is like talking nonsense, and if the NPP wants to be involved in corruption, they should decide whether they want to stay in the MDA or leave because they don't. The BJP will not join hands in stealing from the people of the state.
Also present were Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District Sanjay Goyal, Director of Arts and Culture Matsiewdor W Nongbri and Principal of St Edmund's College Dr Sylvanus Lamare.
The Congress party has decided to file a murder case against Chief Minister Pramod Sawant and Health Minister Viswajit Rane.
Don't fight against Kai or fight against Tang.
He said that after the inspection he found many things and during the inspection he found that there are many foreigners who work without labor license, but they have started to issue them now, while in Regarding the inadequacy of the factory, Bah Shylla said he cannot explain, because he is not an expert and to explain it has to be visited by experts. ).
After the JAC leaders spoke against the 2 lane road, the Joint Action Committee of Social Organization (JACSO) came and opposed the 2 lane road. The meeting was led by Bah Wallambok Syiemiong, Chairman and Secretary.
“The Council has introduced the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation Act to curb the intention of the people in the state when they have learned to set up their own businesses to be able to work on their own. ".
This was at a time when the PWD Minister said that the army did not give any information before closing the road to Shyllong Hill.
The MLA said that as far as he can remember, there has never been in the history of the state that an MLA has challenged the scheme of an MDC. Witting said it would be like in Uttar Pradesh where a son who fights against his father will win and cited the example of Mulayam Singh Yadav and Akhilesh Yadav.
He said that the preparations for the introduction of scientific coal mining have progressed well in the state and about four groups have received permission to start mining in the coming months. coal mining juk city.
In particular, the purpose of this article is to strengthen our kurs and to unite each kur and jait, because when the kur is united there is also unity, unity and so on. and when the jait is united, the nation remains and when the nation stands, the nation stands firm in front of the world.
The names of the candidates have been handed over to Ma Vincent H. Pala for submission to Delhi for consideration before announcing as the full Congress candidates from Ri Bhoi.
The call and urge is to surprise the people as a nation to abandon these old values ​​and adopt new values ​​to build and encourage the leaders who serve in any field.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP Mawlai Circle President Marbud Dkhar said that the JAC was formed to force the government to implement the Mawlai Block.
This type of training is usually conducted in the highlands of the Himalayas, using tyllai to climb or descend, in the field, to learn about First Aid, understanding including the use of helicopter to rescue the injured or find the dead.
Therefore, the GSU urges the health department to take action on these problems faced by the people at the hospital and to improve them as soon as possible.
He said they had met earlier with the PCF members to discuss the need for a joint candidate to defeat the Congress candidate.
Commenting on Lambor's remarks as childish, Prestone said, “We are the legislators.
Prime Minister Duh said the new Parliament will bring about the development of the world from the development of India.
John 7:25–28.
The HNLC said it congratulates the families of all its members and especially those who died in the fighting.
He also inaugurated the newly renovated classrooms of the college and also the buses of the college.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bindo said that the Opposition has withdrawn its nomination to the government, which is not the first time and such an incident has happened in the past. .
However, the CAG report found that out of the 144 villages selected to provide poor houses, since 2008-09 and 2012-13, 90 villages have 396 houses. The government has wasted a lot of money on the IAY housing list. T.1.81klur to the people who are not eligible for poor houses, according to the CAG report. These people who are not eligible for poor houses are 9 in Mawshynrut Block, 16 in Mawkyrwat, 59 in Mawkynrew, 42 cases in Pynursla, 54 cases in Dalu, 118 cases in Dalu, 66 cases in Resubelpara and 32 cases in Songsak.
The owners of the house, together with the neighbours, strongly forbade the crowd to enter the house, but the crowd did not allow them to enter the house; and they brake down the bars of the door, and cut down and broke in pieces the gardens that were in the courtyard.
These three projects which have been linked to other schemes have not yet been completed.
“The Shillong office blames Guwahati and from Guwahati they blame the office in Delhi and therefore, we have decided to meet in person in Delhi on 15th November to ask for clarification,” said Bah Lyngkhoi.
At the same time, the union has received information that the police take money from vehicles that pass through the highway and take money from trucks to travel or go shopping.
Lakmen said that although coal mining has been banned, there are some people who are engaged in illegal coal mining for their own benefit and it is the duty of the District Administration and the police to ensure that they do not mine coal. He said that if anyone is involved in illegal mining, they should stop immediately to prevent such incidents. and the law shall take the necessary action against the illegal miners.
“After two months we have given permission to the government, but the government does not believe and does not care about the loss of children and it seems that the government is encouraging the teachers to continue the strike of JACATAM”. said one of the teachers while speaking on Tuesday.
Entry No.7: Vehicles coming from Sohmynting-Madur area will enter from Lumsalah Road to the parking lot.
The SP said that although the police cannot ban the screening of the film, they should check the quality of the film especially when the films will be watched by high-ranking officials like the Governor and others. .
Shillong, June 1: The Mawbynna Festival or Monolith Festival in Mawphlang, which the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been expecting to be celebrated, has now come to a standstill. There is a great deal of corruption because the authorities have lost only the money.
Bah Tongper was arrested by the police in 2015 and was released on bail but joined the party in
Christmas did not begin in Bethlehem but six months earlier when the Holy Spirit conceived Mary and placed in her the Son of God, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Many farmers and their children don't remember that agriculture is not only the highest job but it is the kind of job that all people and livestock have to rely on. forever and ever because everyone needs to eat to survive because there is no traffic jam from nose to nose.
“We have not discussed anything in this regard, at present I have nothing to say.
These three persons are residents of Rilbong.
On the other hand, the voice of the people of Western Ri-Bhoi, from Bah Lestar Nongphlang, former Sordar Umrit, Bah Esman Lyngdoh, Sordar of Umkynsier, Bah Siewdor Syngkli, Sordar of Mawskei Them, They said that this statement of Bah Najim Kharmalki is only an insult to the MLA, who as the people have not yet received an MLA yet. Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that he has been working hard to bring about changes in the Jirang area.
Another candidate who has filed her nomination papers is Violet Lyngdoh from the NPP. Former JHADC MDC Moonlight Pariat, UDP candidate from Jowai Constituency 2, has filed her nomination papers on Monday.
Other occupants of the vehicle sustained serious injuries, and the residents of the area immediately rushed them to Riangdo CHC and Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital.
I am deeply saddened by the loss of my fellow lawyers and the government will consider this,” said the Minister.
It was seen that the workers who have cleaned the stones in the area, even though the traffic, has been allowed to walk only one side and wait one side, because it is still too narrow.
Mevani, an independent MLA from Gujarat, was arrested last month by Assam police after tweeting against Narendra Modi and has now been granted bail. you are in Assam.
He graduated in Biotechnology from Amity University in
We demand what is grounded and right, not what we are jealous or envious of.
The laptop (ASER) with three years warranty was distributed to 178 students who passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC, ICSE, CBSE and ISC examinations
You're afraid4
Changes in diet that can prevent bone loss.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Community and Rural Development and others.
But even though they were God's people, God was still angry because of the sins they had committed.
The death toll has risen to 2,771 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 1,97,8
“This appearance of the Council teachers today is part of the Council's efforts to showcase to the world the mistreatment of the workers who have been on strike for 10 months without anyone looking after them from the Council. the government's side".
“Do not move an-ancient boundary stone set up by your forefathers”.
He said that about 80 percent of the sohphan in Garo Hills is planted on trees due to lack of knowledge to manage the market.
Speaking to media on the state of peace and order in the state, Saleng said that this violence has caused a huge loss, which has affected the society and the people. public.
But David's prayer was not as we are now.
When asked about the statement by the Minister of Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh that the political parties have not given their opinion to the committee or the state government except KHNAM, Bah Ardent said, “The world knows. We have discussed with the Prime Minister why this issue has arisen.
The Act, known as the Security Act, has been implemented in many parts of the North East and in Jammu and Jashmir by giving full powers to the army to take part in the fight against insurgents.
Students can get information related to their studies from the newspapers.
Langsning FC had another goal in the 57th minute through Arnesius Marweiñ after Wilbert Marbaniang's header was blocked. Now.
He concluded by praying that the souls of the deceased may rest in the kingdom of God.
Although the target was only 200 runs, this was enough for Meghalaya to try to beat Hyderabad earlier.
And so we don't have to be born with like those who are related to our brothers and sisters.
The UDP has directed the district councils to convene a meeting to find candidates for the MDC elections in 2024 so that they can send them to the districts and finally. The State Election Committee has not accepted the proposal.
They also have the right to access medical treatment, she said.
A 10 minute silence was also held in honor of this great Syiem of Ri Khasi.
On Friday, it was seen that the SMB has conducted a raid on the vendors who are stationed on the footpath in Khyndai Lad area.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC urged the youth who have voted for the first time to take part in the election which will be held on the 27th of June.
After she had paid the money, they demanded more money from her, so that she would have to pay the GST, Income Tax and other expenses. to T.20,64,3
He graduated from St Edmund's School and Army Public School, Shillong.
Expressing his satisfaction that the government has accepted this demand, u Bah Shangpliang, said, “Today, it fills me with joy and also to the farmers of the state and I believe that the farmers here chess will earn better".
In this regard, we have decided to call for a one-time meeting.
Staising Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools in Mawkyrwat and Bah A.Masynting, 2nd O/C of Mawngap Police Station were the resource persons. .
Therefore, as one of the former leaders of the School Associations, I would like to request all of you to support us in order to introduce the Mid Day Meal as one of the clean and transparent schemes and it will become a Direct. Funding and to stop this corruption and I request the press to give space to this article.
However, after the Prime Minister called for talks and gave a promise to the FASToM leaders at noon, the teachers returned home in peace.
• Increase the price of fuel.
The interior minister said seven of the five people died inside the vehicle and two others died at a nearby hospital.
As was the case last year, there will also be a medal awarding ceremony for the 5 winners to reach the polling stations first. The CEO said that the office has prepared to issue certificates.
The Nokma of the Regional Council shall have at least 10 members, three of whom shall be appointed from among the Nokma and the other three shall be elected.
Speaking to the farmers and these scientists, the farmers asked many questions especially regarding government schemes and other assistance.
In the Mixed 4x400m Relay, the national team won the Rnong medal by finishing in 3:30:1
Therefore, how many years shall we surprise mankind and how many years shall we remain in this ahor?
According to the office of the state government's media department, which is responsible for the welfare of the newspapers, it has not released the funds of the newspapers. money four spirit.
Place-The place of sale of agricultural products is one that can make it easier and more convenient for the buyer without any problem.
He said that the parties in the government like the UDP, HSPDP, NPP, will blame each other for the elections, while forgetting the work they have done and the duty of the people. was asked.
Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of the BJP, strongly criticized his colleague, who is a fellow MLA from the same party and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
After this announcement, those who violate will be punished under sections 188 CrPC, 195 CrPC/269 IPC and will be fined up to T.1000 or imprisoned for up to 6 months.
According to the organizers of the tournament, the Shillong Sports Association, they have built a stadium, which can accommodate only 200 spectators; but they did not think that the 200 people whom they had planned would reach more than a thousand people today.
Speaking on the situation involving the MCTA and the Non-Cooperation Movement of the party, Prof. Shukla said that for the benefit of the students scattered across the North East, Lam Mihngi, he requested the MCTA to reconsider the path taken by the union, said a statement from the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of NEHU, Dr. Davidson Pyngrope in a statement.
Therefore, in the daily struggle to earn grain, vegetables and meat, we often forget to look at the rud ka kiar and the land; I have forgotten to teach my children and so on.
Speaking on the occasion, MPCC President and Congress MP, Ma Vincent H. Pala, admitted that the Congress has not lost hope despite many comments from other parties. They have criticized the Congress party on the grounds that it has not served the people.
Rohit Rai took two wickets in 8 overs while MD Muksodel took two wickets in 7 overs.
The source said that the National Medical Commission in charge of the States approves the requirements of the States to set up a medical college.
Assam Governor Prof. Jagdish Mukhi will visit the school while Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal and SS Ahluwalia, Children's Minister, Government of India, will visit the school. The Department of Electronics and Information Technology, Assam Don Bosco University, will be the special guests at the ceremony.
This will be done under the supervision of the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board to ensure that there will be no pollution of the environment in the use of plastic.
On the other hand, the President in his speech said that the celebration of Environment Day is not just to waste time.
The words you put in your songs and the way you use them, you are very talented and there is no Khasi who is brave and knows how to stir up the Khasi people like you.
“Our donation of this amount is a sign of our solidarity with the government in the fight against COVID-19 and we are confident that although the donation is small it will help the government and the people who are coming forward to fight against COVID-1 -19.
One of the places that has started to appear in the world is the ancient market owned by Minorica Thangkhiew. The Basa through the Mawbynna in the area which Kong Minorica has taken good care of until now.
“To demand that the state government should take action against the illegal coal trade on the NH 62, the GSMC Northern Zone today said that these trucks They also alleged that about 90 percent of the trucks carrying coal have destroyed the highways, causing inconvenience to the passengers. coal through NH 62 do not have proper permits.
In this struggle, only legal means and methods were used.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today was 121.0 mm from 8.30 am to 8.30 am.
“On the part of the Central and State Governments, they have said that there will be no interference,” he said.
D.Sohtun, MJS, Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District gave a speech and welcome speech. Brother Barnabas Lyngdoh, Principal of St. Francis of Assisi School, Tynsom, Mawthawiang.
A total of 24060 voters including 11966 males (80.3%) and 12094 females (83.7%) took part in the election.
The Rate Structure Committee for private FM Radio Stations was launched by the department last year to review and recommend the new rates which were last amended in
Once upon a time, a king of old made a mistake when he spoke in the assembly, so a man named Pdah jait Umdor said to the king: 'Ban kum maphi, I planted a stone. spirit bit".
It is to be noted that in recent days there have been public reports in the media that some states in the North East like Mizoram have had dead pigs due to the unknown disease. African Swine Fever and the death of pigs from the disease has also caused the pig farmers in Ri Bhoi to suspect that the death of the pigs in their country may be caused by the disease.
“It is clear now that if their candidate wins from Sohiong, they will include him in the Cabinet which means that they will remove anyone (from the Cabinet),” said Bah Ernest. lad newspaper.
In a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District and the Member Secretary of the Regional Committee, they requested that if they visit these places, they should inform the Hima leaders or rulers so that they can get display and seize documents including maps of places in Meghalaya and Kamrup, Assam.
“And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done, and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the sword” (Exodus 18:20-40).
Mawkyrwat MDC Ha Drian Lyngdoh has been appointed to the Taxation, Water Resources and Fisheries department while Grace Mary has been appointed to the Forest Department. Divorce).
Regarding the investigation into the allegations against Paiem Latho Manik Syiem which the Meghalaya High Court has ordered the Council to complete, the EM said that regarding the Court Order, he will The Legal Advisers of the Council have been summoned to consult on this matter and also regarding the removal of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem as he is the brother-in-law of Paiem Latho. you are still walking.
The minimum temperature in Shillong was 13.6 degrees Celsius and 5.9 degrees Celsius.
It is learned that these people who entered the house spoke in Garo language and warned the children of the husband and wife not to shock anyone or share the incident.
The CEO said that Mookaiaw in West Jaintia Hills had the highest turnout with 93.21 per cent, while North Shillong had the lowest turnout with 69.79 per cent. voters.
Speaking to reporters, Kenny Nongrum, General Secretary of HITO, Ri Bhoi District, said that the party's responsibility is to meet the CEM and also to demand from the state government to take action on the issue. The union does not agree with the number of tax collection gates after receiving information that the existence of tax collection gates is due to the collection of tax from vehicles. Treasury.
Other trainings were given to the youth on this day, such as on Health and Employment and others.
“You cannot force the people just because you want a Prime Minister from Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Nongkrem MLA and President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the people of Sohiong constituency are truly patriotic because they have rejected the NPP. ruled powerfully for these five years.
The festival will be held in April this year.
And when he had lifted up himself, he saw no man, save the woman who was sick of the palsy.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KHAWA) on Saturday held a marathon for men and women, youth and children.
“I'm glad you said that, Mama,” said Marchborn. “You're the reason because my children can't work anymore and they've gone far away.
They should ask how the Engineer in charge of the construction of the road issues the Certificate of Completion as stipulated by the PWD rules and how the contractor receives payment for the construction. I was torn.
For team sports: 10 to 14 years and 15 to 18 years.
Health experts tell us that babies need plenty of sleep to grow and develop.
The Applicant may immediately reject the Forms if the applicant does not appear before the Applicant on the specified date.
I want to follow their example,” said Marchborn.
There are about 15 villages in the area including Mawpun, Nongspung, Ukiam, Borkhuli, Doledonga, Warigro, Umdiengsiar, Hasem, Umthli, Umdiengphiang, Talimara, Mawdiangkop, Dariphang, Umbah, Umkhamdor and Patharphlang. the prosperity of the population has increased steadily.
This happened so that the Scriptures might be fulfilled that the kingdoms must change from one evil to the other.
Families, when they strive to become sacred covenants of love and devotion between themselves and their relationships with others, are indeed churches in the daily life of mankind.
The deceased was identified as Sambat Pohthmi, police said.
The Vice-Chancellor also stressed on the inclusiveness of the program by opening up the opportunity for those who have completed their education from Class 10 to Post-Graduation.
According to information received, the incident occurred due to a dispute over money and also due to the drunkenness of the man.
Although many political parties have not yet announced their candidates for the MDC election 2014, in Jaiaw Constituency, KHNAM is expected to contest the election. It is learned that the party has been nominated by a longkmie from this constituency and the UDP, Bah Martamlin Pyrbot.
He said that the publication of this book was after he collected information from the elders about Mawpat village which people used to call the Mawpat people, “u Mawpat die dieng” because they The Mawpat people were the sellers of kseh trees in ancient times in Iewduh.
Worldwide, the death toll has reached 3 lakh and 40 lakh cases have been reported.
He also expressed concern over the lack of education for the educated youth.
the law should do something more powerful and strictful for the same guy who commit the same crime…Congrats to the team who arrested this guy he is such a black thorn to the society….
They said that as the Youth and Sport Club, they express their regret that the Dorbar Shnong has accused the civil society organizations of interfering in the village development, but their visit to the village is only to The government and NHAI, after the implementation of the toll plaza, which is the revenue collection gate, have also helped with the problems and shortcomings of the people.
Aizawl: Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga has said that he will not stand with Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to Mizoram to campaign for the party candidates. Modi will visit Mizoram, Momit town in eastern Mizoram on 30th March to campaign for the BJP candidates. Zoramthanga said that all the residents of Mizoram are Christians, while the Meitei people of Manipur have set fire to hundreds of churches in Manipur. The Mizo people strongly oppose this, to join the BJP at this time will affect the party.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MH Khakrang acknowledged that there was an email with Sainkupar, but the purpose of the meeting was to surrender and not to have peace talks with the government. also agreed that the last email sent was on 21st November
From Ri-Bhoi District, 3 cases are from abroad and 1 case is from the public.
Speaking at the meeting, Modi stressed on the importance of education among the areas that can change the future of the country.
A source from the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, said that Kresh G Marak, husband of Wahthre, Shallang, came to the scene. His wife Pronitha Ch Sangma, 35, and daughter Achana Ch Sangma, 10, have been missing since 15th June, 2023 and Kresh has not been found yet. G Marak, her husband, the father of the child and even the relatives of the child are unknown.
Looking at the other games that are currently underway, India is expected to continue to win medals.
Chorus: At that step of the resurrection, We shall hear the trumpet sound, Christ will come in great glory, With great power and glory.
And technology, so is the nature and mindset of people.
Nartiang Primary Health Center has been awarded the Best Winning Primary Health Center award for the year 2019-2 and the fight against diseases and promotion of hygiene.
Umsawwar and NESFAS are also opposed to the Umngot Hydro Electric Project.
According to him, electricity subsidy should be given only to the poor, not to factories earning hundreds of crores and those who have not paid electricity bills by billions and punish them according to the law.
Police sources said that after investigating the theft of batteries from mobile companies across Jaintia Hills, this morning they raided a house of these Khar Muslims in Ladthadlaboh. Near Mooralong, six persons were arrested while two others escaped and seized 148 batteries worth not less than T.6200/- each.
Meanwhile, Minerva Punjab recently beat Aizawl FC 2-1, drew Churchill Brothers 0-0 and lost 1-0 to Real Kashmir FC.
Allegedly, corruption under the PM-Poshan Scheme has been rampant and billions of rupees have been misused by the groups in charge of this scheme together with political leaders, Majhi said. He said that the government has turned a blind eye to this scheme which has benefited many people who are members of the ruling party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: BSF troops in collaboration with the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) have seized a 10 shaka truck number WB-41K2 It is located in Shillong.
He said that he is preparing and working hard now for the three more tournaments which will be held soon in November.
Therefore, in the clean marriage which has happened in the Khasi custom since ancient times, the question is, is it happier if a Dykhar woman marries a Khasi man, or if a Dykhar man marries a woman? Khasi? All the fears of the invasion of the Jaitbynriew by those Hehpaid go hand in hand with the use of Khasi women by the Dykhar men as licenses in the trade.
There are 12541 SSA teachers in the State, 2907 LP schools and 2259 UP schools. What will happen to these schools and the students in these schools? This is only because of the silence of the Meghalaya government.
Kitborlong said that on the 24th of this month, there was a meeting between Prestone Tynsong, Ranikor Block State President, Martin M Danggo, Ranikor Block President and German Nongsiang. The meeting was attended by Bah Kitborlang, President of the NPP South West Khasi Hills District and Ranikor Block leaders. Jotin Khardewsaw was also present at the meeting. .
On the 24th, Meghalaya Police conducted a raid on illegal petrol stations on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District and arrested the suspects.
East Khasi Hills has 22 cases, West Garo Hills 52 cases, Ribhoi Hills 4 cases and others.
In a statement, the FKJGP demanded that the Police Department should register a Sou Moto Case against these foreigners and prosecute them under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Information. Technology Act.
The union has also lodged a complaint with the Umkiang Police Patrol Post and sent a copy to the Ranger Forest Officer Umkiang Range, Apha, the Divisional Forest Officer (Territorial) Jowai, West Jaintia Hills and the Minister of Forest and Environment. Dept of the MDA state government and it was learned that the police and forest departments have gone to stop the work, but even now the Assamese Khar continue to quarry stone.
According to sources from the BJP in the state, they have not yet received any information from the party regarding the candidate for the MP Lok Sabha election
When God cast Lucifer out of heaven, the angels of heaven followed him by millions, which means that a third of the angels of heaven followed Lucifer.
Bah Ryndong was killed on the 9th of October, when his body was found in a lyngkha near the football field at 20 mer Paham Mawlein.
These commitments may apply to target groups among the followers such as the poor households (BPL), the socially marginalized, women, the disabled, and so on. and he sent all his disciples away.
The warning is that when a husband is sympathetic, who loves with all his heart, even Satan has no way to fight against him.
Father Hilarius Lamare in his sermon to the faithful spoke on the theme “The teaching of humility” by quoting from the words of the Holy Scriptures “When anyone invites you to a wedding feast, do not sit down. Perhaps someone greater than you has been invited” (Luke 14:8).
After that, it is the duty of the government to deliver the aid to those account numbers provided through the leaders of Bah Kanang.
When inquiring from the members of the Mawser Market Committee, no information was received till the time of writing.
He said another reason for the delay is the lack of skilled workers from the state which has to be imported.
Sri Lanka's opposition will meet today to discuss the formation of a new government in the country after the resignation of the president and prime minister.
The adequacy of school facilities such as libraries, computer & science labs, water supply and so on; .
The relationship between Jesus and his Father (God) can be seen in the Gospel of John which says, “I and the Father are one” (John 10:30).
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent a letter to the Congress MP Wansuk Syiem from Shillong to strongly oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill BJP government to pass it.
However, until the end of the deadline, he has not been able to pay the remaining amount of money. When he tried to call many times, Bah Kharkrang he refused to even take a phone call.
The three victims are the children of the Iawphniaw clan including Pretysha Iawphniaw, 12 years old, son of Elisha Iawphniaw, Dariti Iawphniaw, 11 years old, son of Barisha Iawphniaw. Kenneysha Iawren, 12, from Riangpoit, who came to school with her mother, Florentina Iawren, who lives in the Iawphniaw clan.
The Australian Center for Disease Preparedness (ACDP) in Geelong, Victoria, has found that the virus survives longer in cold places and longer in cold places. clean and pure, as in the bed, in the vessels of cleanness, rather than in the cloth.
He said that the party will soon announce the candidates for the MDC and MP elections. “We are still expanding the party in Jaintia Hills,” he said. .
How can I ask ? Does the Minister of Electricity know about this or does he just want to keep quiet about it? O Myntri Rangbha, are there any new projects to be announced when only those that need your attention cannot be done for the welfare of the residents? HSSLC and Resol SSLC were announced last month.
He took it away and nailed it to the Cross.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Central East Pynursla has expressed its dissatisfaction with the action of the PWD (National Highway) department to fill the road from Lyngkyrdem to Lad Mawlyndun.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai is preparing to compete for the title in two categories, Under-17 Girl's and Under-17 Boy's in the final of the Subroto Cup organized by the District Sports Officer. , West Jaintia Hills District.
It is a great courage and a great pride because there is no group.
Jowai, Naiwieng 30: Members of the Village Defense Party (VDP), Thadmuthlong 'C' Phramer, have seized 40 cows and two small cows from Thadmuthlong 'C' Phramer. thaw without owning.
After a while of the second half, Bengaluru turned the tide through Kongbrailatpam Manjit Sharma in the 51st minute to equalize.
" Kata means “When there is no peace, there is no development and when there is no development there is no peace.
It is to be recalled that in the commemoration of the 14th death anniversary of (L) EK Mawlong which was held yesterday at Mawbri, the people of Umroi Constituency together with his family and especially those who love him He was honored by launching a book written by his second son, Fedinand Banshanlang Lyngdoh, entitled 'EK Mawlong, A Political Biography' The EK Mawlong Academic Excellence Award 2022 was also awarded to the students of Umroi Constituency. especially in Umroi Constituency.
And this leads to feelings of loneliness and hopelessness.
They said that at this meeting, which was attended by the Garo people, they also decided to demand that the KHADC should repeal the bill to prevent the Garo people from becoming Rangbah Shnong. The State Government should also take responsibility for this issue so that it will not affect the peace and order of the people in the Khasi Hills.
Robert, Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), said that if the ILP is implemented in the state, it will cause many problems in the future.
The repair of the Umïam Dam has been carried out through the Dam Rehabilitation and Improvement Project (DRIP) by MePGCL. in order to do something to ensure the safety of this vital traffic structure.
He will be expelled".
These vehicles include a Scorpio, two boleros, two Swift Desire, Bajaj motorcycles and all of them do not have number plates and do not have proper documents.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya and the National People's Party (NPP) have begun to talk to each other between the two political parties. State.
In these two constituencies, 40 candidates have contested for the Assembly election 2023 including seven candidates from 6-Khlriat Constituency. Nehlang Lyngdoh of NPP, Damewanhi Rymbai of VPP, Bhayes Chyrmang of BJP, Jhanika Siangshai of BJP, INC and Sunida Bareh of TMC. The candidates for the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency include Shitlang Pala of the UDP, Vincent Pala of the INC, Santa Mary Shylla of the NPP and Krison Langstang of the BJP. Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has received a complaint from the KAM Meghalaya candidate alleging that there has been money laundering in South Shillong. constituency.
The power tiller was taken away by the police and the family members were ordered to leave for the Phulbari Police Station in the evening.
Major General Gagan Deep, ADG NCC was the chief guest in the presence of the Principal of the College Dr (Mrs) EM Blah, NCC students, students, teachers and others.
“I cannot accept as a CEM to be restricted; for three; “If I continue for a few days, I will fall,” he said. He said he did not know that the Opposition would bring a motion of no confidence in the EC in the House.
Police recovered 13.54 grams of heroin, 153 rounds of heroin, three mobile phones and a Maruti Local Taxi from their bodies.
Today, it was found that the staff of Katihar Hospital in Bihar had thrown the bodies into the river.
“We urge the government to allow us land vendors to sit about 20 or 30 people a day and this should not only apply in Iewduh but in many parts of Shillong and other neighboring areas so that Keep your distance from others,” said Sheen Thabah.
However, he said the UDP is also trying to find ways to talk to Dr. Adviser Pariong, who has confirmed that he will be removed from the Congress party in the mid-term elections.
Coal India Limited and KBS, a German company, have been able to install the well today and it is expected that it will be able to pump water from other crematoria. it was the day.
Four employees of the jail and a policeman were injured in the incident and the policeman was rushed to hospital for treatment, said Bah Rymbui.
The Seng said that initially, the government had clearly decided not to accept their demands by immediately confiscating their property, which is a violation of those builders of the country. and the nation.
On 02/08/2021, the VDP Moolympad also seized a bus traveler carrying dozens of foreigners who were planning to work in these factories.
They understood that if they do not receive their share of T.1.88 crore within two months, their MDC Bah HS Shylla may leave the PDF. Twelve MDCs of KHADC have joined the new political party PDF at a meeting held at the Community Hall in Jaiaw Lum Pyllon. these 12 are like the 12 Apostles.
Young girls should also be willing to endure suffering and before they do anything wrong, they should think about their family members and the Khasi people.
In this regard, the Minister promised to direct the state government and to send a meeting with the DAVP to discuss the needs of the state media.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Auguster Jyrwa, said that his family is a family of ethnic parties, which has been closely related to regional parties, because his mother, The MDC of Jaiaw, Bah S Jyrwa, has been an MDC for more than four terms and is close to the party.
Here, the government should stand in the middle and after listening to everyone, it should take a decision.
Nepal's Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli has expressed his condolences over the loss of life.
The 24-year-old from Nagaland made his debut for Shillong Lajong in the I-League in the 2018-19 season as the first goalkeeper.
On the other hand, Bah Khlaiñpyrkhat, the coach, said that there is no doubt that the children will play well in the final.
Precious Tang scored 5' & 27' and Samsauru Papiah in the 45th minute to secure the title and qualify for the pre quarter final.
However, what surprises them is that even after two years, the government has not been able to draft the Rules and issue a Notification on this Act which aims to prevent people from entering and leaving the country. Entry and Exit Point through the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act
The Minister said that in Sohiong, the welcome of Bah Sherborlang is only a small beginning and it is only the first phase but the second phase will happen soon.
“Discussions are ongoing with the MLAs including those on the government side to support the NDA candidate,” said Bah Shibun.
We as the Khasi people cannot allow other non-Khasi to rape Khasi women.
On her joining the PDF to work with Mylliem MLA Hamlet Dohling who is also her neighbour, Teilinia said that this is a sign of solidarity and the MLA will work with her. MDC: “We used to say that the Khasi cannot unite but this is a sign of unity and this will be an example for others,” she said.
Other wrestlers who did not win medals were also awarded with a cash prize of 50,000 tyngka.
Mr. Ardent is an older leader, he is like my brother, he is an educated man – he should understand what is behind all this.
Police of Khanapara Police Station, received a tip on the incident at 1 pm and rushed to the scene, but by the time they arrived, it was said that the robbers had fled the scene. the place, after they had received the money.
Speaking to media, the Governor said that his visit to Jowai was only to meet with the District Administration and Government officials to get information on the implementation of schemes of the CM.
Shillong: The snowfall in Shillong has been very rude.
“All these have already been opened except Mawshynrut, I don't know why they are delaying,” he said.
It is not that I have insulted the Meiieid, but to reveal the truth, until now we have been hiding without shame the destruction of the Kur Kynthei.
Parents also, because of their ignorance and lack of understanding, will ask the teachers to allow their children who have not passed the examination to go to a new class.
Police conducted a raid at Rewak village, 6 km from Baghmara this morning.
However, there are other cases where the word 'nong' should not be used according to the requirements: for example, the Creator should not name the Lord God when it is not necessary to use it, the prayer or the sacrifice should not be used. to be a priest, or a sohblei, or a bamon, or a son of a mother, or any of the elders who know how to milk, or who know how to knead, who knew how to knead, who knew how to knead, who knew how to knit, and so on.
This marriage, according to the Christian faith between husband and wife for life (Mark 10:9), enables the husband and children to have a strong trust in their father and their future. .
The cash prizes she received after winning the bronze medal at the London Olympics are as follows:- For the bronze medal at the 2012 London Olympics, T.50 lakh/-(US$94,500) from the government Rajasthan, T.50 lakh/- (US$94,500) plus 2 acres of land from the Government of Manipur, INR20 lakh/- (US$37,800) from the Government of Assam, INR10 lakh/- (US$18,900) from the Government of Arunachal Pradesh, INR10 lakh/- (US$18,900) from the Ministry of Tribal Affairs (India), INR40 lakh/- (US$75,600) from the North Eastern Council.
This decision was taken today, while carrying placards to protest against the lack of work of the District and Government authorities to collect nuit from Jowai. Moopyut, KSU War Jaintia and Union of Rangbah Shnongs War Jaintia.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kharsyntiew said that while the farmer is walking alone, he will be beaten wherever he goes.
Xi has urged the country's navy to prepare its minds for war, China Central Television (CCTV) reported. He was speaking during a visit to the People's Liberation Army Navy Marine Corps base in Chaozhou, Guangdong.
Conard R Sana of Khliehtyrshi Sports Club took two wickets in one over.
However, the Director denied the allegation and said that he had to punish her for not doing her job properly.
When we look closely at Donbosco, Dhankheti, Police Bazar, Mes, Lumdiengjri and other places, these zebra lines have been completely useless, because the people themselves do not have that cooperation with the police department.
Shillong: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) has strongly criticized Rahul Gandhi for not being the prime ministerial candidate of the country. He said that Rahul's speech and behavior show that he is not qualified to take over the post of Prime Minister.
George contested the MLA election on the TMC ticket from Umroi and was defeated.
“To to I too, I want too much money,” said the mother, still opening the wooden box.
Although the High Court has not yet decided the case, the Court has urged the government and JHADC to find a way to release the pension as soon as possible.
Banerjee gave the suggestion on holding a meeting of opposition leaders in Patna, recalling the meeting between Jayaprakash Narayan and Kumar in Kolkata last month.
In the same year, the survey was also completed.
The body was taken to Civil Hospital, Tura for post mortem.
The two-day market will be inaugurated on April 19, 2023 by MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, BS Sohliya, IAS and others.
In this regard, farmers can also call the Helpline Number for the date and time to learn about the vaccination programs in neighboring villages.
Gingerol has analgesic, sedative, antipyretic and antibacterial properties and is rich in antioxidants.
In 2016, a film M.S.
“Why did you come?” said Ksan's father.
The president of the union, Bah Roipar Kharraswai, said it was surprising that the government had decided to ask the company to resolve the issue even though it was the company that provided the money and the company was the only manager.
Besides, there were also runners from the State who took part in the 10 km and 26 km races.
All the people are surprised and to ask the State Government, why should we forget the Constitution of India by issuing such a threatening order? the Rights and Freedoms of the People of the Country?.
“The police have confirmed that they will complete the investigation and submit the report by the end of June,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh after the opening of the PAC meeting today.
There was also a suggestion that the state should be divided so that there would be no division.
From Nongtymmai – to Motphran.
The incident was reported to the Byrnihat Police Station at 12:16 pm by the management of Byrnihat Primary Health Center (PHC).
He blessed that the Dorbar will be held smoothly and urged the people to attend the Dorbar which was held due to the loss of power of the Rangbah Shnong.
The group against the district authorities also demanded that the imposition of Section 144 CrPC should be lifted immediately.
The opening ceremony was followed by a march past by the participating groups, a song by the BSF, and a traditional dance by the groups and students of the BSF School. .
“I went to school because I followed my fellow children and after I left school I went to graze cows every day,” said Bishop Wilbert.
Shillong: At least 10 people were injured in a clash between supporters of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday night in Bharbatapara village. in Phulbari Constituency, West Garo Hills.
Changes in thoughts and actions come without any thought.
On the other hand, Assistant Commissioner and Border Magistrate Rakesh Thakur and Circle Inspector of Baithanglangso Circle ZR Khan were present.
SHILLONG: “I am ready to step down from the post of CEM if the MDC election is extended,” said Hispreaching Son Shylla, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The Laskein Block should look after this village and neighboring villages which are facing the same problems.
If you value life, give it to others.
Therefore, we as the JSM have received many questions from many people especially from the residents of Ka Brichyrnot. For the purpose of conducting a Site Inspection at Brishyrnod on 12/11/2
“The State Government should not ignore the demand of the Harijan Panchayat Committee.
“However, in Meghalaya, 5814 Primary and 6727 Upper Primary teachers under the SSA have been separated from the teachers who receive daily training,” said Bah Aristotle C Rymbai, President of MSSASA. Bah Rymbai said that as usual, all the posts should be in accordance with the directives of the state government and should also be in line with the more successful and experienced teachers. .
It is for this reason that there has been a change in the management in many villages, there are women's organizations, there are working groups, there are organizations in the villages and the CEM explained. also the statement regarding various schemes that women do not participate.
Two persons have been seriously injured and are in the ICU. After this tragic incident, the Presbytery of Ri Lyngngam, in the first service. It was only a prayer meeting and many rushed to the scene of the tragic incident to help the victims.
The leaves of tympew, sohpyriam, or sohphoh, and the leaves of many kinds of plants have veins which are like snur thabawa or jar, or netted; but the leaves of all kinds of plants have these leaves whose veins are parallel.
The statement came hours after Bajrang Punia told one of the media, in which he refused to approve any agreement with the government and said that the players have been warned. that they should not disclose anything about the meeting with Amit Shah.
The total number of people who attended the meeting was at least 50,0
The GNLA cannot accept the report of Dr BC Paul, he added.
I am making all things new" Revelation 21:5
They also ate from the morning until the darkness of the sky.
One of the government officials, who was present at the opening ceremony, who did not want to be named, said, “We are just watching the religious ceremony”.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 3: With the aim of improving employment skills and bringing them closer together between employers, skilled beneficiaries and local entrepreneurs, the office of the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS), The Department of Labour, Employment and Skill Development, on the 5th and 6th October 2024, will hold a program known as the 'Skillerate Connect Event'
Shillong, July 17 : For the first time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has praised the group that organized the protest in the city. .
The festival started on 01/10/2022 and ended today on 5/10/2022 with a blessing ceremony at various places arranged by the district authorities across the state and In Shillong, the service was held at Wahumkhrah in which Hindu devotees took part.
I am very fortunate to read the days of Pakistan's separation from India through the stories of Pastor MJ Skhemlon from Mawkhan in Mawdon.
Looking at the customs and traditions of the Khasi in ancient times, it is very pleasant and hopeful, because as parents they have the power to teach their children to walk in the right path. However, in this age, there is no longer any advice, no thir, no ksaid, because we have followed too much of the rongphong, but if as young people and intellectuals we cannot change our minds, it is it is difficult to protect one's own family, one's country and one's nation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: BSF on Saturday seized 31 kilos of Ganja worth T.3,10,000 tyngka and arrested three persons involved in smuggling.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of Sohra Government College in East Khasi Hills in the presence of Minister of Education Rakkam Sangma and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister said: K. Sangma said that the Government will do everything for the youth and what comes before the Government is to improve literacy in the state.
In the past 24 hours, the number of cases in Tamil Nadu has risen to 669 with three deaths and 135 recoveries, the state health department said.
The purpose of this office is to teach how to avoid electrical injuries.
As the Chief Leader of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, he also urged the youth to work together for the goal of the Government of India through the Fit India run and as the youth they have to set an example to others. know the value of health and to achieve good health the most important thing is to exercise regularly by spending time in sports activities.
The fourth quarter final of the second division will be played between Lumpariat and Mooknor Thadmuthlong at 11.30 pm tomorrow.
He said that in the eastern parts of Assam and Karbi Anglong there has been ethnic discrimination, there has been mistrust between the hill tribes and non-tribals in the Bodo areas, the activities of the insurgents. In Garo, the persecution of non-Manipuris in Manipur is a sign of the lack of peace in the North East, said the MRD. “It's a good idea to have a common understanding,” said Dr. Manmohon Singh, Prime Minister.
D to 434 students in the three years of 2010, 2011 and 2012 and the allegation that degrees were awarded in only one year is false.
She said that the Meghalaya Street Vendor Act 2014, which is a law introduced by the state government, is a law that will violate the rights of street vendors and street vendors. This Act should not die because it conflicts with the Act passed by the Central Government.
Italy will face Spain at Wembley on Tuesday.
According to a source, the incident occurred after the foreigner stabbed a Khasi youth who came to buy something from his shop. It is not known exactly what led them to this point.
Hindu devotees including Pnars and Dkhars from all over the country came to worship Goddess Durga by bringing food items such as soh, kait and others.
Dkhar said that this is misleading not only to the UDP, but also to the people and others.
It is not clear whether the BJP will contest the Ampati election, although Bakul Hajong, the candidate who contested the election last June, has said exactly. that he may fight again this time; However, it is understood that the matter is pending on the decision of Nalin Kohli, General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya.
He said that the government has sent trained personnel in many fields to the fair and has divided them into their respective sections related to the talents of the youth.
The meeting was also to work together to prevent foreigners from entering the border of Majai for various purposes.
The Minister said that it is the SMCs who run and own the school and the government is helping them.
