In education, there are no adequate schools except private (Mission) schools, secondary schools and many government schools are primary schools which have become like pig farms because there is no school. maintenance since their establishment.
Shillong, March 7: The Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) PT Sawkmie, who is also the MDC of Mawlai Constituency, on Tuesday rejected the PIL filed by Michael Syiem in the Meghalaya High Court. The District Council is located in the state.
The District Magistrate in an order issued on Tuesday said that there is a case of COVID-19 in the village and therefore it is necessary to conduct surveillance and test the residents who may be affected by the disease. Micro containment has been imposed in Ksehrynshang village to curb the spread of the disease.
The Union Minister in charge of Sports has inaugurated the Water Sports Center in Bilaspur, Himachal Pradesh.
There are other villages which oppose only the foolish, the oppressed, the poor and the despised.
Bollywood star Priyanka Chopra and Indian cricketer Virat Kohli have posted pictures on Instagram to show off their appearance. The price is slightly higher than the price of the image on this page.
She said that one unit of blood can save up to three lives, and this voluntary blood will be divided into three parts, namely RBC, Platelets and Plasma.
In the Second Division, Phanniewlah Rum Sports Club beat Pompyrthat Sports Club 5-0 with the goal scored by Kevinson Jala in the minute. John Anthony Ryntathiang in the 25th and 36th minutes and Macdonald Jala in the 48th minute.
Although the ability to remove iit iong may not be a 100% solution to prevent crime, it will surely prevent and bring about a sense of shame against many kinds of crime. .
The entire Garo Hills has been shocked after the state government took the initiative to host the 5th Meghalaya Games for the first time. will start tomorrow 15th July 2024 in Tura.
They used to take the shylluit for the clear tree from the best vine in the field, so that the fruit would be exactly like that from which these shylluit were taken.
It is a problem for the lightmen especially during the rainy season when the trees fall in the area.
In the final match for the men's category, Rangdajied United FC beat Madan Iing Syiem FC 4-2
Post Name:- Accounts Assistant• No of posts:- 1 (One)• Age limit:- Not specified.
It is surprising that the former Minister of Home Affairs in the MUA(I) government, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has been involved in the bloodshed in Langpih. In 2014, he promised to upgrade the outpost and to set up more outposts in the border areas.
The French Foreign Ministry on Sunday announced that the French government has sent its troops to evacuate the stranded people and also to help them. They have also transported other people from neighboring countries as part of their efforts to rescue them from the danger of the war in Sudan.
It has been ordered that no home buyers will be allowed to visit these markets.
It may be recalled that the Government of India, under the leadership of Narendra Modi, has made it clear that it believes that there should be only one flag and one Constitution throughout India.
The registration fee is only T.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has donated a tin of household soap to a school in a village in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
In the name of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep which has invaded the country, which has made the country a bloodthirsty country, the country of the blood of the 'nyi u kong and the country of the tipbriew tipblei, I congratulate the Jaidbynriew which has produced the Tirot Singh. the Great King and King Wickliff.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Petroleum Dealers' Association (PTA) in Meghalaya has decided to hold a strike on the 31st of this month. month.
Warjri, in his speech, said that the NPP has a close relationship with the BJP and their relationship is because they do not want to cooperate with the Congress.
Because no person or any state within India can exercise more power than it has been given.
Hek said that so far 572 cases have been confirmed in the BSF, 246 cases in the BSF, 291 cases in the civilian and 35 cases in the Armforce. 207 cases and 5 deaths from Covid-1
“The discussion was in two parts – how to take a decision on how to implement the NEP-2020 from this year and the second was on education issues regarding the implementation, challenges that may arise from “The implementation of NEP-2020,” said the General Secretary of MCTA, Dr. AW Rani.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 18: The Nongstoiñ Area Unit of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) Nongstoin Area Unit will hold a meeting on the 20th of this month at Bishop hall New Nongstoiñ.
Singh later said that they are still completing the election of the new Rangbah Shnong/President of the Harijan Panchayat Committee and to register the new committee at the office of the Registrar of Society.
He said that these three projects have cost more than Rs 2000 crore.
If the leaders are strong, the church is strong, if the workers are strong, the society is strong,” said Bah Pala.
Even if Jesus comes, we will not recognize Him, and not only do we not recognize Him, but we will not accept Him unless He stands against our evil deeds, our crimes.
If you don't do this, You'll never get sick, It's no use to cry, “Hu hu" we'll all cry.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 3,405 with 427 new deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll in Italy to more than in China.
Samla Everpearl Mawsor President of LIF said that the LIF is surprised that it has been three years since the construction of the sub center. shem can be used by the Ministry of Health.
In 2002, the leading social worker of the Khasi Party, Bah Rijoy Sing Kongshah, was abducted for following the traditional religion.
The union said that the receipt of summons from the NIA and the court of the Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong while the peace talks were ongoing, has shocked the union.
Shillong, June 21: The Thma u Rangli Juki (TUR) has held a meeting to raise awareness among the people on the loss of many of their lands at the Don Bosco Youth Centre, Laitum. strong.
Sanga Sumer scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij.
On this occasion, they also sent a letter to the DC regarding the harassment of the Pnars which has happened from time to time and the damage to agricultural products as well as lyngkha houses and others.
Shillong: There have been 25 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, 24 from East Khasi Hills and one from East Garo Hills.
“Planting without fertilizer is only for self-consumption but for the demands of the people, without fertilizer and fertilizers, it is not enough,” he concluded.
Therefore, the Union urged the government through the Regional Committee, to expedite the resolution of the border issue.
This is a 3-day event that started today and will conclude on 21st March 2023 at the same venue that AHOR has been holding every year to provide a platform for those who don't be afraid to drive on rough roads.
After this, the surveyors will submit a report to prepare an environmentally friendly mining plan for clearance from the Environment and Forest Department.
Prasen Rabha, independent candidate, Ranjit Rabha of BJP, Sanjay Kumar Rabha, independent candidate, will contest from Naguapara constituency.
“For the sake of the people, I am ready to serve in any capacity,” he said.
The Iewduh is the market of the poor, the market of the farmers and the market of the Khasi people to earn a living; The market shall be a market where righteousness shall reign through fairness, fairness and fairness, not by deceit, nor by deceit.
She said the government has special schemes for the disabled.
Shillong, March 6: The income of the Sohra area has declined sharply, and the residents of the area have complained that the poverty has increased in the area.
There are beautiful songs and dances on krai, which prove that krai is an income generating crop for the people of the state," she said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya BJP has demanded that the Congress Leader Bah Vincent H Pala's statement against the BJP and misleading the people should testify to an incident. The BJP has shown disrespect for the churches and should immediately remove what it has said.
Secondly, he should save money to improve his own wealth and that of his family.
On this occasion, Bah Basaïawmoit, who is also the President Rangbah of the party, explained the principles of the party.
According to the research of Dr. DR Thangkhiew, water with a pH of 6.4 to 7.7 (neutral pH) is the best water for raising fish.
Speaking to reporters, Pyniaid Sing Syiem said, “According to our information from the office, there has been no information that the term of office of the KHADC will have to be extended”.
Money is rich, says the saying, because a thousand rupees cannot buy all the things on this earth.
“In fact, we wanted to meet the Prime Minister to express our grievances but he has not invited us yet,” said the MSHBEU. Mylliem Constituency has sent a letter to the Minister of Forests, Prestone Tynsong, informing him of the pollution of Umjasai and the encroachment of people by building shops on the road to the forest. The State Forest Department and Temple Madhu Khula at 3 mer, Upper Shillong.
The age check will be held on the 7th July from 9 pm at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai and only 25 players from each category will be allowed.
Thus the end of the ages will occur at the beginning of the command to build the Fourth Temple in Jerusalem or at the beginning of the 7 years or the last day mentioned in Daniel 9:2
The two BJP MLAs in Meghalaya include Shillong South MLA Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Arts and Culture and AL Hek, Pynthorumkhrah MLA.
Speaking as the chief guest, Abhinav said that this training is very important for the youth of this area and he is pleased that besides providing training, SURE has also taken the initiative to provide training on food. the root of this area too.
When a parent has adult children who can no longer discipline to show, they no longer know where their children come from.
Leaders of the party including their Secretary Bah Garry Malngiang denied that the Hima Mylliem did not know that there are householders in Iewduh.
At the Dorbar held from 11 to 13 August 1924, Rev. JJM Nichols-Roy spoke of the danger that the small Khasi Himas might be overthrown by the Hindu and Muslim leaders and said, “ If we say that the Khasi kingdoms will disappear and we will join hands with our fellow Indians, we are afraid, because our independent ways...our ways of thinking are different from other Indians...it is it is impossible for the Khasi to join other Indians"
The DC also congratulated the Union of Village Authorities for taking this step to implement the MGNREGA scheme and urged the residents of the area as well as the school children to take care of the project. and these are the trees.
Shillong, Nailur 10: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, today sought the opinion of the Home Affairs Department on the Village Administration Bill, 2015 which was passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 30th June.
The area is under the jurisdiction of the Pasteure Beat House and Bah Vivek said that till this evening there has been no complaint from the owner of the vehicle, but the investigation is ongoing. The incident went on to arrest the suspects.
It is learned that Mukul Sangma's visit to Songsak, led by NPP MLA Nihim D Shira, is because in this constituency, there is no ethnic discrimination like in Ampati and he can make it easier for the people to believe with happiness.
We will work together for the establishment of a State that rules fairly and justly.
“This MoU is one in which Meghalaya has allowed Assam to do whatever it wants, therefore Assam is happy,” he said. AITC meeting held at Rongjeng, East Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 21 : The Riwar Mihngi Social Welfare and Sports Association (RMSW&SA) led by Bah Dewi Khonglah as President and Bah Lo Khonglam as Secretary, has expressed its strong opposition to the convening of the MFA. 23/7/2022 at Pynursla without any consultation with the RMSW&SA.
Speaking as the chief guest, Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, congratulated the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state. The Government of Meghalaya has congratulated the people of Western Ri Bhoi District on receiving this fully equipped office of Jirang Block.
Speaking to reporters about the SSA schools , the SSA teachers said that the SSA 's idea is actually for government schools but here the schools that do not exist have been taken for support They said that there has been a serious error in the state since the implementation of the scheme which started in 2022 and worked well in
The loss of wicket to captain Bharali was the main reason for the team's deficit in scoring runs, but Meghalaya lost three wickets for 14 runs.
She said that the presence of 54 RSETIs in 12 states sponsored by the Bank has been a great blessing as about 1.6 lakh candidates have been able to receive training from this. Of the 1.11 lakh women, 58 percent are now able to stand on their own feet, she added.
In Group-A, Langsning FC (Shillong) will play against Umrit SC at 3pm. In Group-B, Ladthadlaboh (Jowai) will play against Umrit SC at 3pm. In Group-C, Lumdiengngan will face Shillong Lajong FC at 3pm and in Group-D, Tura will face Khliehmawlieh Youth Club. Selsella Sports Association at 3pm.
Is the world coming to an end? This is a question that everyone asks themselves.
The way the rain falls or the sudden change in the weather is similar to the rain.
Santa Mary expressed her concern that East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts in India with the highest number of people affected by HIV/AIDS. Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, said that East Jaintia Hills District is a district with a high incidence of infection. He said that if 100 people are screened and tested, about 2.8% of them will be infected with HIV. He said that according to the reports, there are up to 2,500 people. There are more than 4,000 people in the district living with HIV.
At this time, a 14-year-old boy named Khrawboklang Kharlukhi, who saw this, ran bran bran bran and threw a plum without caring about his own life and lost himself because of the mercy of him. Roland Lawai and this courage and bravery of Khrawboklang Kharlukhi, has saved the life of Roland Lawai from the threat of death.
The party had signed a peace agreement with the government on 18th November last year and tomorrow, 9th July, they will complete the process with a big meeting.
We have decided to release the CAB only in the Sixth Scheduled.
The 1961 Census shows that the population of SC & ST is 14.64% and 6.80%.
The Election Commission of India has allowed the citizens to fill up various forms from 09.11.2022 to
Before the funeral, a funeral service was held at the ground floor of Bomfyle Road, Lachumiere, Shillong opposite Stephen Hall. Pascal Lyngdoh.
Therefore, let us work together to win this battle.
A group of teachers from Jaintia Hills District including the JHLPSTA, Khliehriat Unit and MSSASA on Tuesday sent a letter to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. written to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Abhilash Baranwal regarding the implementation of the GPS Map Camera App and the Attendance App to monitor the attendance of teachers.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 3 cases, 2 cases from outside the state, one case from outside the state and one case from outside the state in West Khasi Hills.
Contact us at +9
The opening ceremony was held on 24.04.2022 at Kantheerava Stadium in the presence of the Governor of Karnataka, MYAS and other dignitaries.
Regarding the laying of the foundation stone by the MP, the elders of Umden area, expressed their praise and happiness, as they have achieved what they have long dreamed of.
Following the SEC meeting, the UDP intends to discuss the proposal with the HSPDP within the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA).
Matthew 4:8-9.
In Tripura, there have been 26 new cases of covid-19 in the state, bringing the total number of cases to
“We have demanded that the factories should implement the decision of the state government to increase the fare, but these companies have not listened to us,” said JAC Chairman Nehimaya Tyngkan.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today demanded an inquiry into the allegation by the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. The Legislative Assembly today arrested him for involvement with the most dangerous drug trafficker in Mizoram.
You can have 10 ministries and you can’t work, but you have one Minister in charge of 5 ministries and doing a good job, this contradiction.
At this meeting, the committee decided to give its opinion to the District Council and request it to put it in the public forum so that the kurs can express their opinion before passing it into law.
The vehicle can also protect against a 15 kilogram bomb from a distance of 2 meters and has polycarbonate windows.
Shillong: U Bah Marwein, Officer in charge of the Milk Processing Center at Mawiong, on Tuesday said that the milk production at Mawiong has increased to 16,000 liters per day. after opening the new processing unit.
Whether it is on the price of transportation, recently the government has already negotiated and they have reached an agreement.
But time makes it clear that this spiritual age is also nearing its end, and the powers of evil, the devil, and Satan are beginning to work greatly in the world.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has recognized Bah Adelbert Nongrum as the President of KHNAM. On the other hand, Bah Adelbert, said that he is ready to come to the table to talk peace with Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon, after Bah Saibon expressed his wish. He will hold a meeting on 18th October
Those of the government, of the villages or himas are not lyngkrang and lyngkar.
Meanwhile, Bah Carmel, MDC from Laitkroh, said that it is surprising that he has not received any letter from the special session.
“Is the government still blind to this corruption,” said Bah Bindo.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 29: Regarding the MCH Hospital in Nongstoiñ, Bah Gabriel Wahlang MLA, after being appointed as the new MLA of Nongstoiñ, has written to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. to open a MCH Hospital, a 50 bedded hospital to treat pregnant women and children.
NE-YO, Meba Ofilia, Pink Panda, Snow White, Rahul Rajkhowa, Street Stories – Banjop, Empirical Tribe – Tenny, Zethan, Ricaa Stella, Banker Kharkongor .
This could have been avoided but because they the BJP think they are above the law is a serious matter of concern.
HANM and FKJGP said this on the second day after Jaintia Hills was covered with plastic garbage in prominent places especially in market places, roads and hills.
Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi scored the first goal for Lajong in the 16th minute, followed by three goals in the 64th and 87th minutes.
“Before, I had three daughters in chess and I was younger then”.
Regarding mobile shops, computer shops, mobile recharge shops, stationary shops and single car shops, the DC's office has announced that only two shops will be allowed to open. Shillong: 28/05/2020 and 29/05/2020 from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm.
Shillong: Ka KSU EJHDU, after receiving complaints from many parents of students staying in hostel at JNV Rymbai, regarding the lack of water especially in the women's hostel for days, the union has met with the The Principal of the school on this issue yesterday.
In 2017, the GHADC received Rs. 10 crore from the Government of India.
This is the fourth day that the number of cases has increased rapidly and more than 40,000 cases have been reported every day.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Assam Police have sent a detailed investigation report to the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Meghalaya in connection with the death of Victoria D Kharkongor.
In the meeting with the EE of PHE, the Seng also demanded that the Head of PHE should take immediate action on this issue, so that the residents of They didn't suffer as it happened all the time.
Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President of the party, said that before the march, the party will hold a short meeting in Nongstoin and after that it will start. to the people's judgment.
The registration of all drilling agencies whether government, semi or private should be notified to the district authorities or the relevant authorities as applicable.
Ma Balen said that on the 16th of this month, a public meeting of the JHTOA will be held at 12 noon to discuss this issue. truck owners, to attend this important meeting.
In a statement, NEHUTA President Prof. Lakhon Kma said that at the emergency meeting of the Executive Committee of NEHUTA held on 31st July, 2023, it has decided to implement the resolution. The General Body Meeting will be held on 26th April,
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar, Shillong will hold a cleanliness drive on the 12th November, 2023 from 8 pm.
Comingong Ymbon said that after winning three terms, he has brought many jobs and the people still trust him and he still needs them.
“As the Deputy Chairman has proceeded to hold the election of the Chairman, the MDCs of the Opposition have left the House immediately.
“Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong Umjapung, Bah Tony Kharkongor, the Rangbah Dong as well as the residents of Mawiong Umjapung and Mawiongrim.
The slogan 'Ha U Prah' was heard at the Congress election campaign rally held at Mawlai Phudmuri Bus Stand on Tuesday evening. He also explained the principles of the Congress and its achievements in the past especially the freedom and non-interference with the religion, customs and traditions of different ethnic groups. incident in Manipur where the BJP Government has not taken any action against the tribals and minorities.
Ayurvedic College, Guwahati, Prof. (Dr.) Anil Kumar Sharma, Principal, IAMC, USTM and Prof. (Dr.) RK Sharma.
He said the Congress as a non-ruling party can make thousands of allegations because it is the duty of the opposition.
Alex's victory is the first for his LCR Honda team since British Cal Crutchlow won the title in 2018 in Argentina.
Fahad Almasri, a spokesman for the Free Syrian Army in Paris, said the death toll was 1,729, including those with respiratory problems. thousand people, after the attack, with rockets.
He said that the government should have recognized the Khasi language under Article 5 of the Constitution, and said that as a candidate of the people he wants to have a clean and transparent workplace without discrimination. both in urban and rural areas.
It aims to connect pilgrimage destinations in a well-developed and sustainable system that has all the services for tourists.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. M Syngkon, District Surveillance Officer while Dr. E War, Medical Superintendent, MCH Hospital, Panaliar, Jowai delivered the welcome speech.
We need young people who are courageous and not selfish who choose the easy and easy path to higher education.
At the same time, Fatima from Jongksha village said that in the rural areas when the NREGS scheme came to the poor, there was misuse by the exploiters.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: A book of short stories titled 'Tears of the Nymphs' by Bah KK Kharlukhi has been launched at the Kolkata Book Fair by Dr. Ram Kumar Muko. the story of the puri and their struggle to survive the destruction of the environment by mankind.
Kenny is the second son of Bernodeth Pathaw and Victor Warjri, residents of Wahingdoh Block II. He has six siblings and was born on 8th June. In 1985 he started working as an Assistant at Ri Khasi Channel and later he was trained as a Camera Man and in 2005 he started working as a Cameraman at Ri Khasi Channel. In 2006 he joined the PCN. At this meeting, the speakers also congratulated Bah W.Lytan who was with Kenny at the time of the accident and prayed for his speedy recovery. He is currently undergoing treatment in Guwahati.
Shillong, Nailur, 02 (PIB): The POSHAN Abhiyaan of the Central Government has played a major role in the development of nutritious food for pregnant women, young women, adolescent girls and young children under the age of six.
“From the new batch of doctoral students, the government has increased the fee if they do not come to serve the state to T.30 lakh,” said the health department officials.
Earlier in the day, Meghalaya had finished on 203 runs for the loss of all batsmen, while Aruna Chal had replied for 101/2 at the end of the day.
In the beginning everything is good,feels good and it seems like the flower will never fall again, life and family is full of happiness.
There are also those who allege that the school of St. Peter's is located on a land dispute with the neighbors in Cleve Colony. need to do the best we can for the community, part of our school property, we gave away to build roads so neighbors could walk, it's our property we just donated , I don't understand what these allegations mean," he said.
Bah Riskhem also admitted that there was a corruption by the MLA of Sohra in supporting the Congress candidate.
The victory in the fight against this disease is due to the understanding of the residents to protect themselves and that the Central Government has taken many measures to fight against this disease.
Many of the people who received the demand letters did not report to the Police.
Sheen S Sohktung scored the winning goal for Lajong in the 82nd minute of the second half to beat MLP FT 1-0
Although the floods have carried away all the garbage, it has also caused problems, as it has flooded the homes of the people in the area.
We demand that the GSU Khonjoy Regional Unit should think twice and immediately revoke these orders before we as the organization have to think of another way,” said the statement.
KYKWM appeals to all the residents of Myntdu not to rely only on the government authorities, but to come forward and fight against this issue of life and death. Suffering has begun to enter and will really affect the longbriew manbriew in these mountains and middles which have blessed us.
“This is not to criticize the old government but to correct the mistakes,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a public meeting to confirm the new office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing. , Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State for Meghalaya, said that when he saw Nongstoiñ, he felt sorry for them and wanted to help.
From West Garo Hills, Baltimas K Marak, Nangrim Sangma, Dimsrang Ch Sangma, RD Sangma and Kim Kim D Sangma scored two goals each.
After a long discussion, the vote came that Bah Let should be removed from the post of Rangbah Shnong.
Rapborlang Kharmawphlang scored the second goal in the 46th minute.
Shillong, Jymmang 5 Out of 3145 students who passed the Class XII examination in Science, only 2369 passed, in Commerce 2443 students passed while those who passed were Only 1659 students passed and the total pass rate was 75.33 in Science and 67.91 in Commerce.
When we say it has been cancelled, it means it has been canceled and there is no longer an Expression of Interest (EoI) on this project,” said Prestone.
Although the Meghalaya government has decided to proceed with the public examinations at the HSSLC and SSSLC levels, the suspension of the Central Boards at the national level will affect the education of the students. especially those students who have the opportunity to study abroad.
He said that the health department is working tirelessly to provide for the needs of the quarantined persons. They should follow the rules and regulations and respect the hard work of the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Shad Nongkrem or Pomblang Smit, which is a ritual of thanksgiving and prayer to the Lei Shyllong of the Hima Khyrim, started today at the ground floor of the Sunon Hall.
Many people from other political parties including Bah Roland Mawsor were also welcomed by Conrad K Sangma.
However, the question now is how the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will implement this Rs 75 crore.
One of these issues is that before the 2023 MLA elections, the party has expelled four of its MLAs who went to support the NPP-led government for collaborating with the NPP. “We should not make rules and violate them ourselves,” he said.
Facebook, which has nearly 300 million users in India, has been criticized after a Wall Street Journal (WSJ) report accused it of supporting the BJP government. Twitter has confirmed that someone has hacked the account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and said the hack was known as the Bitcon scam.
He urged the Commissioner & Secretary to look into this matter to resolve the delay so that the OCBs can get their rights as enshrined in the Constitution.
How do the kids feel about this? Do they not lose heart and mental strength to tackle the remaining subjects? Do the parents of educated children agree with this? Will they leave their children alone? Will they expect their children to get less marks in this subject this year because of such a MBoSE performance? They have listened without informing the Education/MBOSE authority.
“Shen, we will be able to ensure that the Integrated Control and Command Centers project will be implemented,” he said.
This is the spirit of the petrol pump Challam Syngkon.
KHNAM understands that it will not take responsibility if it is wrong.
Ardent urged all the MLAs of Khasi-Jaintia and all political parties to leave their parties at this time if they have any concern for the rights of the youth. the present, but to work together to bring hope.
With this victory, PHE has qualified for the final of the Open to All Knockout Football Tournament
“Because we understand that it is only the right that has developed the nation since 1999 until now we stand on the basis of right, that is why we want to bring about a clean governance,” he said.
Although these robbers have tried to escape from the hands of the police, but with the cooperation between the police of Ri Bhoi and Assam, I am confident that soon we will be able to arrest these robbers, he added.
PIDHa is the place outside CANDAISISHa is the place where the moon is PMSHa is the place where the moon is.
He urged the Coal Traders Association and the people who earn their living from mining and transporting coal to take to the streets to demand that the Government should release the Challan so that the Government can collect the Challan. taxes and that the people who earn their living from the mining industry will benefit.
Besides, since June till now, 924 villages have been affected, and about 6,33,929 residents have become displaced.
Give me a chance first and see what happens next".
The district administration together with the JMB have asked for time to remove the garbage from Jowai which has prompted the Union of Waheh Shnongs to postpone their decision.
The Minister will be in charge of Health, Social Welfare, Women and Child Development and others.
In his speech, Bah Jyrwa expressed his satisfaction with the initiative of Bah PT Sawkmie to visit the site of the well and also the site for the construction of the kitchen for the school children. request from the MLA in the past few days.
During the meeting with the jail officials, discussions were held for the erection of a shlem in the name of Tirot Sing Syiem at Dhaka Central Jail along with ministers and dignitaries.
Furthermore, the VPP has promised to abolish the payment of Income Tax by the State Government to foreign government employees.
When we say real data, so MPSC and other recruitment agencies should have accurate data on every person who has been recruited in various departments since 1972, which they don’t have absolutely," he said.
You can also complain to the following Sub-Inspectors – 8414806738/9436110184/8731025753, Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
There have been 73 recoveries in East Khasi Hills including 51 cases from Armed Forces, 4 cases from Golflink Cluster, 11 cases from High Risk, 1 case from ILI. cases from Lawsohtun cluster, 4 cases from Lummawbah cluster, 6 cases from Madanryting cluster, 2 cases from Mawkhar cluster, 2 cases from Mawlai Nongkwar cluster, 1 case from Motinagar cluster, 3 cases from Nongrah cluster, 1 case from Nongrim Hills cluster, 2 cases from Pynthorbah cluster, 5 cases from outside, 2 cases of SARI, 1 case from Umlyngka cluster and 2 cases from Umpling cluster.
Speaking as the chief guest, DD Syngai, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, said that the government has done many things to improve the lives of those with disabilities. there’s still a lot more to do.
The final match of the Men's Junior Asia Cup in Salalah was a successful match for the Indian Hockey Team, after the team won the trophy. They beat Pakistan 2-1 in the tournament.
He also urged the farmers to be clean and not to throw garbage such as plastic, cow dung and others.
There are times when the party feelings of the District Council government have affected even this.
He said that in 2019-20 he had the first opportunity to visit this place which is still a forest and to see this beautiful valley he had to climb the trees.
“I have scheduled a meeting to discuss this issue on the 1st of July,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The school has been taught by Mr. Restorius Kharbani and Mr. Wealthy Born Field Sunn at a small honorarium.
In a sign of support for the former AICC president, Congress members also chanted Zindabad.
Conrad said the re-classification of kyid was done in accordance with the amendment of the MVAT of kyid and Rule 44(10) of the Meghalaya Bonded Warehouse Rules.
Donaskur FC beat Lumshnong YWSC B 4-3. Shymplong SC beat Lumsohskie FC 3-2. Lumshnong FC beat Umkiang SA 4-3 11:45 AM Ratacherra Lumtrom FC vs Donaskur SC. 1:30 PM Lumshnong YWSC A vs Shymplong Sc.
When asked about the decrease in the number of students who wrote the SSLC examination this year compared to last year, Jt.
Lucknow: Poonam Sinha, wife of Shatrughan Sinha, will contest the Lok Sabha elections from Lucknow against Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
The electric lighting and soundtracks in the stadium are more than adequate.
The event was also attended by EJNC-CEC President Sambormi Lyngdoh, EJNC-CEC Vice President Ency Shadap and members of the Khliehriat Circle.
“There are many students who have passed the UGC NET examination but they have not been able to pass the Computer Base Test.
There is research that shows that the Khasi are a people who came to this area more than 40,000 years ago when they migrated around Asia and parts of Asia. Europe to come and go to these areas now inhabited.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The price of kubi from Pomlakrai, Mawkhan today was T.4 and T.5 per kilo and T.6 per kilo.
There is an amendment to the Flag Code of India 2002 in accordance with the order dated 19th November, 2022 and Clause XI of paragraph 2.2 of Part II of the Flag Code of India. Flags placed in people's homes can be used day and night.
“The group is not against the Indian government, but against the MDA government because for six years there has been no results that have pleased the people.
Last month, Japan suspended the rule that those arriving from China must pass a test upon arrival in the country.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary Mining & Geology, Bah E.Kharmalki, said that it is a matter that needs to be considered before implementing the rules. meeting between the State Government and the Ministry of Coal India to discuss the issue of 100 hectares of land.
Any necessities of the people such as Khaw, Jhur, Biscuits, Dal, Soap, Slasha, Maggic and others, these items as well as the Gas Cylinders that the people order will be delivered directly to their homes. Therefore, the residents should not worry but should follow the rules of Social Distancing by refusing to go to the shops and shops. market.
At the meeting, Bindo said that the government's intention to amend the Prevention of Disqualification Act 1972 was also discussed. MLAs who are also MDCs at the same time but nothing has been done to them and even until 2013 when they filed their nomination papers for the elections there was no opposition. and their names were accepted with joy.
The events included various competitions, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put, Discus and Javelin Throw.
The CBI, Shillong has written on 3rd July 2018 to the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Shillong a complaint of CBI case no.
Bantu Sheikh is currently undergoing treatment in Assam.
He said that earlier, when the vehicles and 2 shaka were first seized, the owners were urged to remove these items, but because they were not It was found that some of those arrested were still using these weapons, so the department has seized these 181 tyndong.
Jowai, Nailur 2: The Annual Fresher's Meet 2016 was held at Kiang Nangbah College College today in the presence of Ma Madon-bai Rymbai. Former CEM JHADC who was the chief guest, Bah Phyrnailang Swer who is one of the leaders of Khasi-Jaintia Hills who was also the chief guest.
In fact, we should ask why there are not enough roads, food, drinking water, and many other shortcomings.
In Ranikor, there are 29,685 voters and 4 candidates.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: NPP Leader and Minister James K Sangma has strongly criticized the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma for his remarks against the report and recommendations of the Independent Inquiry Committee on allegations of corruption in the Ministry of Corruption. Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL).
Of the diseases found in India and Assam (also in Khasi-Jaintia), the most common is the red rot.
The question is – can we just remove all the rocks from the environment without thinking about the future? What will it be like in the generation of our children? Do you think about the future? One of the surprising things is that the MDA government has recently announced that it will build about 100 such water tanks across the state and will spend up to Rs 400 crore for this purpose. task.
The Government urges and requests NEHU, MCTA and NEHUTA to resolve these issues because until now even the students, Principals and Management of Colleges have no objection to the implementation of the NEP. don't say.
Four days before the end of the election campaign, many candidates in the rural areas have gone from one market to another to campaign for the election. hundreds of thousands of people to entertain them and especially to show the number of people.
On the other hand, Bah MH Dkhar said, “Ka seng urges all the Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills not to issue syrnod without filling it up, but to fill it up. and also keep an accurate and clear record of the name, number, date and reasons given to them and so on in the records of the village, so that their syrnod will keep the the nation is in danger.
“However, many other parties have been formed to contest this election in Assam and there may be a little difficulty but we hope that the Congress will come to power in Assam and this will stay. in the wisdom of the vote-buriers".
In addition, even the Standstill Agreement signed between the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi States has been violated.
Ablefounderman Nongsiej of Hurricane won the Man of the Match award for 62 runs.
Conrad Sangma has dismissed 1200 teachers of govt LP schools...he has appointed others who are his own people...I am in trouble and I am treating too badly the teachers.
However, no one dares to share, but if he makes a mistake, he is beaten until he cannot hold his head anymore.
He has led the state for 12 years as an athlete and is also the president of the All Meghalaya Kick-Boxing Association (AMKA) and has trained 200 girls and 300 boys in iakura.
In Khasi Hills, according to customary law, we have a residentship rule and this rule may vary from one village to another.
My lord, I am Ruth...Because you are my nearest relative, you have a responsibility to take care of me.
In Group A, SCA-B will face East Jaintia Hills DCA while East Garo Hills DCA will face Tura DCA in Zone
The villages affected by the cyclone include Umkiang, Kuliang, Prytakuna and others.
I strongly condemn the spread of this video of a child in Karnataka (Bangalore) because it is against us the children of BRI U Hynniewtrep. The events, how that person wants to speak against the people, the sons of the BRI U HYNNIEWTREP.
"While on the opening night of the festival – the strong wind, Midhili which disrupted the opening festival on Tuesday, but on Saturday, it was a festival that showed the talent you're dressed.
Dhaka, November 20: After the return of some land last month, Bangladesh and India are moving forward to distribute the remaining land. to be sent between these two neighboring countries.
At that time, those inside the vehicle could not do anything because within a few minutes the crowd came and surrounded without allowing those inside to leave.
Before writing, reading and literacy flourished in this country of Hynniewtrep, we lived in an era around the lyngwiar dpei where the elders, the san and sneng through stories, proverbs and sayings. They teach us to live righteously, to work hard, to eat from the ground, not to rejoice in pleasure and food.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has decided to increase the Professional Tax from T.2500 to T.15000 due to budget constraints.
In the junior category, AZ Thotmachan of Manipur won the gold medal, Pynshailang Khyllait of Meghalaya came second and won the silver medal and Vanlalruata of Mizoram won the bronze medal. third.
We strongly support the activities of Rangbah Ardent's group and fight against corruption by government ministers and senior government officials.
When contacted by Sanjeev Jindal, Regional Executive Director of the Airport Authority of India, he said that the visit of the Chief Justice of the High Court was to seek more detailed information on the implementation of the airport. The Meghalaya High Court has had to challenge the construction of the airport, especially after the construction of the airport.
What happened in Bhutan and Bangladesh in the past years cannot end the spirit of fighting of the armed groups in the region,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw, spokesperson of the party.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 46458 out of which 41349 have recovered and 797 have died.
Md Wahid tied 62 runs from 30 balls and Arman 20 runs from 17 balls.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor said that these schemes include the beautification of the villages, the installation of LED Solar Electricity Boards and the installation of CCTV cameras. and others.
However, I was surprised that day when they came to offer me to contest from Shillong seat,” she told reporters at her office.
Lamboklang Mylliem, Member of the North East Social Democratic Party (NSPSP) and Jirang Constituency, has sent his resignation letter to the Chief Minister today.
In fact, it is the only way to strengthen the authority through knowledge.
The best discipline was awarded to Modern English School Lumsohpieng.
If the heart is pure, it is the Temple of God and man can see God because God is holy.
In victory, you must be grateful and humble and in defeat, you must have a spirit of acceptance.
If the people this time go to vote to elect their leaders, it will show that they still have confidence in the Governments and as the Government should ensure that the first thing it will do is to protect to the inhabitants of the border areas.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The residents of Raid Marwet, Ri-Bhoi District have rejected the decision of the Syiem of Mylliem, Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem, to hold a hearing on a complaint against the quarrying of stone in the area. the Law is holy.
“The elections will be held in two districts in Meghalaya, East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills districts. In India," he said.
He said that the fire was caused by a mistake and that was because the shopkeepers had poured petrol instead of diesel into the stove to cook.
Shillong, Nailar 02 : The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has alleged that the NPP-led MDA government is a proxy for the BJP. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been brought in Delhi by the Resolution in the Assembly.
“The fund has already been allocated and 80 percent has been released but the work has not yet started due to the difficulty in selecting the sites,” he said.
Vice Chancellor, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla said that science is the foundation of the new world.
In the past three years, we have seen many Chief Executive Members, Executive Committees and MDCs, including the new ones, who were elected in 2016, but they have been appointed. Such incidents will continue to happen, especially if they are not behind the ruling party in the State Government.
Indahun Iawphniaw won the bronze medal in the Older Junior 17 to 18 category, while Lumjingsuk Iawphniaw won the gold medal in the Junior 15 category.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District on Saturday distributed letters through its units including Nongstoin, Mawshynrut and Rambrai Circle, to the dewbilat traders in the district, to request them to stop taking or taking dewbilat. die ia ka dewbilat TOPCEM.“As a union, we are saddened to see our fellow citizens who have been beaten, tortured and shot and bombed by the police, through the intimidation of the owners and employees. “There were many women injured in the attack,” said Wantei Lyngdoh, President Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh and General Secretary Wantei Lyngdoh.
However, many of the cattle farmers have expressed their regret to see that their income has declined from day to day due to the increasing influx of cattle from abroad. but to the farmers of the village.
When reporters asked Dharmendra about this, he said, “Bohot maza aye (it's very pleasant).
Security forces from Ri-Bhoi Police and CRPF have been deployed in the area to monitor the situation and especially the threat to peace and order.
Out of the 30, he said, 12 are the most frequently visited areas, and there is also an influx of elephants from Karimganj District of Assam.
When there is sufficient income, all the families will be strong and will be truly rishot for the nation.
Meanwhile, in Lumcharatoh and Wahrymbai villages, Thadlaskein Block of West Jaintia Hills district, the IEC Van explained about the schemes and programs of the Government of India.
When you get an infectious disease, tiny, invisible germs have entered your body.
If the highest level of the government has not been taught, the lower levels will not speak anymore and do not expect them to answer or provide information quickly to the people as they wish.
The village appealed to all to work together to prevent the spread of the disease.
This action of the police has surprised even the Rangbah Shnong who issued NOC to the patient to drive the vehicle. waited for many hours.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Rimaya Manner inaugurated their office on Tuesday at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
He said that the party strongly condemns the incident of Dr Sandy Syiem's ​​car.
On the other hand, Bah Mawrie admitted that in the coming days, there will be former MLAs and MDCs from Garo Hills who will join the BJP party. On the other hand, Bah Mawrie urged the government to take action on these issues, as they are destroying the state.
Before the donation, a short meeting was held at the office of the party, which was conducted by the General Secretary Samla Garland S Manner and welcome speeches were delivered by Samla Rangbah. Ohibait Dkhar, President, Kwilnis Suchiang, Organizing Secretary and finally, Samla Mihsalan Truh, who was a participant of the tournament, gave a speech.
However, with the increase in polygamy, poverty may increase because a man who has many wives will be able to provide for whom? It is not easy to provide food or school fees or medicine for all his children and wives.
Now they have been able to destroy the Congress party and the second goal is to destroy foreign religions like Muslims and Christians.
The Apostle Paul in his letter to the Corinthians, says that “...love suffereth long, and is kind...beareth all things.
According to the information received under the Information Act, requested by a resident of the village, there were names of the residents who received ration cards APL, BPL, and AAY. “There are families who have received two or three ration cards but they don't know because they don't have the card in their hands,” said Kong Kharshiing in the ejahar.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth, said that the District authorities have tried to install more water tanks so that the water in the park will decrease quickly and will reach within 30 feet. Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today criticized the Punjab government's plan to distribute money to the Sikh community living in the Metor.
Many foreigners have trading license but most of the shopkeepers do not have Labor License while many of the teer counters have trading licence. Those shops which do not have the necessary documents, the union has given them two months to provide and after two months the union will come back and if it finds that they do not have the necessary documents, the union will take the necessary action.
Leaders and members of Laskeiñ Block Tourism Promotion Society (LBTPS):
“We need to implement the Land Bill to make it easier for the people to register,” said Basaiawmoit in reply to a motion by Congress MDC Victor Ranee on the issues raised by the people. those who live on the border face difficulties.
She is a student of Wuhan University in China and is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Kerala.
In 2005, these rebel groups attacked and raped all the women and children even the poor in Mooriap and another woman in Laher.
The phytochemicals in tympew leaves contain antioxidants and anti-ulcer properties which can fight against gastric ulcers.
The members of the sub-committee are the Executive Chairman of MBOSE, Bah EP Kharbhih, Dr. Sylvanus Lamare of the Sahitya Akademi and S. Quotient Sumer.
Police investigation has revealed that these workers from Assam had eaten the soh used to kill fish known as soh Khuaitur.
The Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs is committed to bringing financial stability, recognition and opportunities for the development of these key sectors of India's economy.
After a search, the police have recovered the bodies of the four unknown prisoners and took them to the Civil Hospital after getting permission from the magistrate. However, he said that when he reached the hospital, the doctors informed him that all four of them had died.
On the other hand, the descendants of Father Felix Matta in Labang-Nongphyllut area are preparing to commemorate his death anniversary on the 17th July.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong of Santipur, Artish Marak and one of the owners of the land, Never Momin, alleged that the family of Sina Marak and Mira Marak, who are the owners of Romana, have been robbed. from the film theaters in Byrnihat have robbed the land of the residents who have crossed the border even to the land of the residents of Santipur Village.
However, Sreenidi Deccan, after seeing and seeing the style of play of Lajong, started to improve their play, and in the 63rd minute Rosenberg once again had the opportunity to score. Sreenidi Deccan, who understood the value of 10 points, started to control the game and continued to play for the 90 minutes. complete for scoring ten points.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement has expressed its opposition to the government's plan to proceed with the National Population Registration (NPR) or Aadhar Number.
Pyngrope scored a hat-trick through a goal from Banteinam Kharkongor.
These good and pure people...” Bahnah said to herself...After a few minutes after eating, Riia's father came and sat down with Bahnah in the living room.
They can seize and cover themselves.
KSU CEC President Samla Lambokstarwel Marngar was the chief guest, Pastor B. Marngar, Principal of the school Bah Kyrshan Marngar who conducted the programme. KSU WKH President Samla JF Nongsiang, Secretary KSU WKH, M/C members, teachers, parents of the students.
One of each tribe, to be the advisors to administer the government with the King, and these twelve were called ministers, and besides these, he appointed other rulers in their respective places. , who are called Basan, these Basan shall settle all matters in their own land, or kingdom, that if they cannot judge or settle any matter that arises in their own country, He also appointed his brother-in-law, Borsing, to be the youngest king who would be with the old king when there was any work in the kingdom. Then he appointed Morsing, who was the younger brother of his mother, to be the king of the villages on his behalf in the Raij Khatar Shnong.
On top of this stone there are three or four dots of the village.
The purpose of this is to meet the needs of paper mills like Ashok Paper Mills, Titaghar Paper Mills and Bengal Paper Mills in Assam and to improve the income of the people.
The wedding ceremony was attended by Bollywood actress Bipasha Basu, a close friend of Dhoni.
A portrait of Modi was burnt by Congress women members of the MPMC in front of the Congress Bhavan office on Tuesday.
Poshan 2.0 will include three main programmes/schemes within it namely the provision of Anganwadi Services, the scheme for young women and the PoshanAbhiyaan.
To deprive them of their rights at Christmas will make the world and the world's politicians wicked.
“One of my priorities is to eradicate corruption.
About 100 men and women runners including residents and CRPF personnel took part in the race. Dr Shakil P.Ahammed, IAS Principal Secretary AH & Veterinary Department The opening ceremony was attended by Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS and DSO of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Daniel Dan.
“We believe that only through the students whom we will provide food we can bring about a new understanding of the emergence of kurs, how they participate in the election of ministers and election of chiefs and others”.
He said that besides the Sohra Marathon, the state government through the sports department will also hold other marathons across the districts of the state.
Many soldiers escaped from the plane when the plane they were on caught fire as soon as it fell to the ground, killing 45 people. soldiers in the incident.
The project was implemented by NESFAS in collaboration with SURE, NEN Nagaland and SSC, Shillong in several districts of Meghalaya and Nagaland and was funded by the REC. The 59th Teachers' Day was celebrated at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Jowai on Saturday.
Such activities to repeal the existing law need to go through an ordinance,” said the Minister.
Inside NE reported that the incident occurred after a Meghalaya policeman, Wandronath Kharbani, shot dead the VDPs in the village, after he warned them that they were not to gather in that place.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that it will not vote in the EVM machine. Faleiro will not vote in the EVM. before the books were enough.
Bah Synshar, who is also the brother-in-law of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has been elected by the UDP Sohiong to replace him who passed away suddenly a few days before the polling day.
It is a holy place and holy land.
Azhar (Kerala goalkeeper) didn't score the ball from the penalty spot but Sheen scored the first goal of the match. the ball and throw the ball into the goal to score.
Regarding the arrest of these foreigners, who tried to come to the state without proper documents, whether they are people from any place, u Samla Balapynkmen Nongbri, Secretary, u He said that the party will continue to monitor the situation and if it is found that any foreigners who intend to enter the state illegally without proper documents, the party members will return them. to where they came from.
The deceased was identified as Maheshwar Pratab Chaude, 84 years old, resident of Tikrikilla Bazar Area. January 2020 at 12:45 pm.
Shillong: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) today decided to continue the ban on coal mining by digging snakes and ordered that the ban on coal mining will continue until The Supreme Court has not yet decided.
If you walk in public places, you will be punished, and if you ride in a car, you will be punished.
Asst.Secretary- Mr.Sherlandson Langrin5.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawbah has recently protested against the state government's plan to accommodate these people at the RP Chest Hospital, Mawprem.
Surprisingly, the government has not been able to replace the post even after the invitation to apply for the vacant post, the report said. For the past 10 months, the school has not had a Chemistry teacher and it has caused a lot of problems to the students of the school.
The attack reportedly came as he was planning to hold a meeting with militants on Saturday in the Iraqi city of Qaim.
Shillong: The body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala will arrive at Guwahati Airport on Sunday, March 20, 2019 at 2:45 pm.
Shillong: Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today visited Sohiong Constituency to welcome the joining of Bah H Donkupar R Lyngdoh and his followers to the UDP. thousands of household members and so this time, when he had the intention to come back to the field to contest the first election, the first thing he did was to gather his family members in one place.
Young people should immediately refrain from any activities that interfere with their studies such as alcohol, cigarettes, tobacco, gold, khoini, raja, kyaid, kynja, drugs and to refrain from also from premature youth meetings so that it will not be a stumbling block in their studies.
On the other hand, the union has expressed its deep regret over the refusal of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to meet with the members of the union regarding the problems faced by the people. snep you're right.
“For many months, we have urged the government to take action but it has not done so,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Rangbah Shnongs of seven villages in the Mawlai Town Dorbar including Mawtawar, Mawsiat Khnam, Umrynjah, Nongkohlew, Umphrew, Umsaw Mawjynrong and Madan Mawkhar have not been under the jurisdiction of the Mawlai Town Dorbar. Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie in the presence of two Ministers of Mylliem Hima, Minister K Langstieh and Minister MB Kharlukhi.
Educational Qualification:- HSLC or equivalent passed from any recognized Institutions.
As Odisha has been the special supporter of the country's hockey teams since 2018, this re-support will be a special step in the process. the path of revival of sports and the development of sports in the country as a whole.
The residents of Pynursla area have complained that the bill of MPDCL and MeECL has increased sharply in these months.
Give the Sari Refill.
Gautam Budh Nagar police on Tuesday arrested eight robbers, including seven foreign nationals, for cheating and cheating women who paid hundreds of rupees by be friends and help them through Social Media.
They used to play stone points, throw sticks, throw latom, shoot marbles, and throw coins.
It is learned that the electricity supply, which is in short supply, has been supplied without any charge.
The festival will start in six months.
“In a month, the slaughter of cows is not less than 13,000 cows in Khasi Hills and Iewduh is the market with the highest number of cows slaughtered,” said Bah Warlarpih. There is no need to worry about Saturday.
The author is the President of ICARE, the group that looks after issues related to Khadar Governance and can be contacted at toko@neline.com.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) through its Leader, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has announced that the 2023 Assembly elections have started. He said that he is full of confidence and without any doubt that the party will be able to win and elect many candidates in the upcoming elections.
Declining to disclose the names of these MDCs, Bah Pynïaid said that this time even the party leaders of these MDCs will be surprised when the time comes.
After this, with the assistance of the village authorities, the police conducted a thorough search and arrested five out of the seven suspects, while three were under the age of
Meghalaya, which tied first, took 167/5 wickets in all 20 overs.
Shillong: Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today met with Amit Shah in Delhi.
To work for the development of women in the constituency.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai Shnong has announced that it has banned and warned all supporters or leaders from outside the village to campaign for votes by using money and doing dirty during the election campaign in Pamrakmai.
“These people were planning to attack the KSU members and those who came to take part in the meeting came from many villages like Kalibari, Umphlo, Umtaru, Majai and Shella. well paid" he added.
It can be spread by the wind when someone sneezes, shoots and talks nearby through the throat.
According to the documents submitted by the Committee, these grants came through the Discretionary Grant of T.3 lakh per annum as MLA and T.4 lakh per annum as Deputy Speaker. The salary of T.1,03,750 per month and T.11,41,250 per month for 11 months has risen to T.11,41,2
Guwahati: Guwahati Police have recovered two stolen vehicles, one from Mairang and the other from Nongstoin.
The KHADC under the leadership of the CEM and other members of the ruling party has been able to pass bills in the past three years. The EC has also received the approval of the Governor of the State for the Land Bill which is the rule when it comes to land ownership of the Khasi people.
She added, “I have now sent a reply as a reply has been requested and after some time, I am sending a resignation letter.
We meet all the legal requirements.
Shillong, March 27: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) has canceled its plan to visit the Secretariat which it had announced earlier tomorrow.
The six leaders arrested are Sohra Circle President Shemphrang Synrem, General Secretary Vicky Mawnai, Mesadapbor Skhankil, Patrick Lyngdoh Nonglait, Lambhakupar Syiemlieh and Meban Nongrum.
Because of these differences of opinion, he had to face many difficulties until he passed away on the 16th of November,
Shillong: The three-day Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly will start today, 20th June 2020 to 22nd June
The top two teams will qualify for the semi-finals.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lapang strongly condemned the NDA government's move by saying, “It is an act without thinking of the people before doing anything. you".
The Jal Jeevan Mission affects society in various sectors.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya today decided to extend the term of office of the two MLAs of the party, Bah Alexander Laloo. Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Besides this colorful dress made by the children of Niamtre Ïawmusiang, there were other colorful dresses made specially with the message to the world.
However, after hearing the slander against them, they asked: “What have you eaten?” The relatives told them everything that had happened.
Corruption is increasing and violence is increasing.
Conrad's call came after he returned from a meeting with Defense Minister Amit Shah in Delhi.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday renewed the leadership of one of its executive units known as the KSU Kyndong Unit, which falls under the jurisdiction of the KSU Jowai Circle, West. Jaintia Hills District.
Because of the shortage of staff at the hospital, it has caused a lot of trouble to the patients of the area.
Therefore, the responsibility should be taken from the Minister of Education to the Senior Officers to those in charge of the Education Department as a whole.
At the same time, we have to check whether this Policy is still in line with the present era.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 04 : The President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Bah T. Sana, in a statement, today welcomed Jhanika Siangshai as the candidate of the Congress party. 6- Khliehriat Constituency and said that her visit is like having a mother again.
With this victory, Rangdajied United FC have earned 12 points from four games and are in first place, while Mawlai SC with 10 points are in second place with Shillong Lajong. which scored nine points came third.
Then there is the accusation against Khasi women that they are the ones who want to invade foreigners.
Ma Madonbai Rymbai, immediately denied the allegation and said, “It is just a slander and insult to me.
According to them, on this day, about 2,000 to 3,000 people from different parties will follow Bah Lapang by joining the party. Nongpoh: The Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MCPC) on Saturday decided to nominate Bah Mayborn Rapthap as the MDC candidate from Mawhati. Mawhati MDC election 2019 will be held soon.
However, the original rights of this poetry have been violated! “Kin Dkhat Wat Îa Ka Sngi!You beautiful girl without mind! Unknown?Have you eaten, hated or destroyed?Have you become a devil?You have become a devil?You have become a great man,You have ruled the world;You have ruled the world with wisdom;You have ruled in front of the fire; you want, the moon is bright you are syndon.
On this occasion, agricultural experts from CPGSAS, Umiam including Dr. Sanjay Swami, Dr. AK Singh, Dr. Vishram Ram and Dr. Ram Singh came to take part and also gave training to the farmers on the value of the soil that we need to take care of and protect the soil which is the source of life of the farmers.
Father Sngi said that many families have been evacuated in the Sohra area.
"Armed men opened fire at a concert in eastern Moscow, killing more than 115 people and injuring more than 150 others. triem inside the concert venue, according to a government source.
And for Ygor Catatau, the Court sentenced him to life imprisonment.
In the 80 kg category, Mihsngewbha Rymbai came first and Eltimon Dhar came second.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow at 3.00 pm at the Presbyterian Church Ummulong. The Shillong Press Club (SPC) on Friday strongly criticized the VPP leader who is also a MLA from Nongkrem Constituency Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on the unfounded allegations against the journalists of the state especially in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
It is not known why Meghalaya does not have this requirement but perhaps one of the reasons is that it is difficult to bring about development in Meghalaya because it is difficult to get the land. .
The incident happened on Friday when the two suspects died in the pond.
The UDP and NPP leaders were welcomed to the HSPDP by the President of the HSPDP Ri Bhoi District, Bah Pynwanbor Sylliang in the presence of the HSPDP candidate from Umsning, Bah Primson Makdoh. The State Youth President, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang and other leaders and supporters of the HSPDP from Umsning Constituency.
What he meant was that the death of one science opens the way for others to express their ideas and findings...and that a new discovery in science cannot succeed by believing and explaining. but it succeeds because those who oppose it die or lose their strength and another group rises.
Under the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, PROGRESS, 76 piglets have been distributed to farmers from East Garo Hills District.
The Association of Voluntary Action was founded by Kailash Satyarthi.
Donkupar Sumer said that the Raid Dorbar and the Mawtari Dorbar Shnong have donated 20 acres of land for the construction of the Residential School. and the area, but the joy was only half-time, because until now it has not been completed and this has led to the village to issue threats to take over the building.
Shillong, June 01: Mawlai SC beat Sawmer SC 7-2 in the final of the SSA Shillong Premier League Division on Saturday. today at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
“We have sent the VVPAT slips from these six polling stations to the Election Commission of India,” said the CEO. The turnout in the Lok Sabha was 81.30% in Tura and 65.49% in Shillong and 65.49% in the mid-term elections, where the turnout reached 92.20%.
For Malki, Fernando Shadap scored the first goal in the 14th minute.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Tuesday inspected the PHE water treatment plant in Mawkaïang village. -noise.
As a human being, Jesus was moved with pity when he saw the condition of Jerusalem.
He said that there will be many issues of the party to be discussed and discussed on that day and the party expects that this general council will be a success for the purpose of The party is committed to continue to serve for the welfare, peace and development of the people of Ri Bhoi.
C Dkhar and Kitboklang Lyngdoh took two wickets.
He said that no one has come forward to apply for ticket from the party from Shillong seat but this will be clarified until the Central Parliamentary Election Committee. you have taken the decision.
He said that according to the information they have received, there are still many companies who intend to set up factories in this area, and the concern is that this will cause more damage to the environment and the its surroundings.
On 31st July 2022, the Government announced the decision to build multi-storey houses on a 2.5 acre plot of land, which is also the land of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB). The relocation of these 342 households from Them Metor.
The body of Bah Nongkseh will be buried tomorrow at his village in Nongshangu near Umsning, Ri-Bhoi district.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Sharad Pawar said there were many people and exploiters who created and caused trouble in many parts of the region.
Hakiru Challam (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) with 548 marks came in 16th position.
They also hoped that this visit to take part in such exhibitions is a golden opportunity for them to seek assistance from government departments so that they can improve in their public service.
Those who escaped did not know where their parents, brothers and sisters were and fled just to escape the bullets and swords of the Myanmar army.
People are also investigating the incident from the goat owner and collecting eyewitness accounts.
If the Dorbar Shnongs ensure that these VHCs work properly, it will help to reduce the number of maternal mortality or infant mortality due to inadequate medical care. health of the mother.
“Their receipt of this award is also one of the areas where as students they have really shown their ability to set that goal and continue to improve in their lives," he said. u Bah Nongrem and urged that the spirit of victory and their continued victory is also through the spirit of determination.
Furthermore, sources said that the man has children in Mawnianglah but his sister who came from Ri Bhoi District said that the children and relatives who are in Mawnianglah cannot come because they have left. shah quarantine.
One of the BJP leaders told reporters that talks have already started with some Congress leaders, who are also MLAs and ministers of the state government.
" Psalm 121:1-2 Beloved, how great is your trouble? Jesus has the power to deliver you.
In North Garo Hills, there are 7 cases of high risk.
After this, he said that the organization will also promote other agricultural products such as strawberry, krai and other traditional foods produced by the farmers and the people of Mawkynrew area.
Equal interest attracts everyone's attention and many lack even the understanding to have a boundary so that it does not affect their personality and behavior.
Besides, the Union has a desire to raise awareness among the laborers on the importance of cleanliness for health, cleanliness to improve the environment by taking care of the environment and others.
The Chief Minister said that officials of the state health department including doctors have visited those who have been quarantined inside their homes at the accommodation facilities set aside by the government for them. to observe them.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has strongly condemned the incident and said that those involved will be brought to justice without forgiveness.
Shivdasani said the bridge has been recognized as one of the Olympic Games but is still waiting for the venue.
Before the meeting, a short meeting was held by the Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime), Kong Crescency Lyngdoh.
If they are employed, we don't care if they take the wages.
When it was the 9th of this month, all the students were happy because they had the opportunity to play as much as they wanted and at the same time it was a shame whether they would stay in class or go up. .
In another development, the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (ETWEA) today met with the Prime Minister to request him to resolve the issues faced by them. RTA, Shillong has issued a new law.
Besides Rongcheng, there is a polling station at Nongnam in Mawkyrwat constituency where the election officials have to walk for 4 hours.
"You can also read Mk.14:32-42; Lk.22:39-4
This shows the corruption in the selection and entry of nominations, as those who are eligible to enter the Open Category do not enter but those who do not have the same category do.
The Seng Kur Sutnga 14 Khrong invites all the members of the Sutnga 14 Khrong Circle to attend this meeting so that the objectives of the Kur will be successful.
We understand that even those men and women who fought for freedom in these times, especially during the time of Assam, have not yet received enough rest or peace, but they have seen others. shall they rejoice to see this? Their time is over, and only ours remains.
Two teams from each group will qualify for the knockout stage.
“How can we be accused of misusing money for elections? The HNYF should look carefully before accusing and not talking nonsense,” he said.
According to police, they stopped the vehicle at a check gate in Bethbagan.
However, it is the responsibility of the local MLAs to discuss and arrange with the DC and others.
On the opening day, Jongksha FC beat Khapmaw FC 1-0, with P Kharsahnoh scoring the first goal in the 10th minute. 63.
Another way is that unless it is the terrible things to explain, the Lamphang does not allow anyone to speak too much.
The 39-year-old man drowned on Tuesday evening.
Regarding the CUET, he said it is very important for students to sit for this examination as it is compulsory according to the rules of the UGC and also one of the rules of the National Education Policy (NEP). college implemented this year.
The Dorbar was conducted by Bah Belborne Rymbai, Deputy Rangbah Shnong who is also the care taker. and to the Moderator of the Assembly.
so to produce the surplus he has to adopt a public scheme.
No traffic will be allowed, but only shops selling essential items will be allowed to open from 6 pm to 10 pm.
Among those affected, 33 villages were the worst affected, and 70 houses were completely destroyed.
He has joined the party to contest against the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma who is the MLA from this constituency.
In the women's category, Mawranglang Lai Kyntoit Sports Club won 3-0 sets in the first, second and fourth matches. Nonglang Sports Club won 25 sets in the first match, 15 sets in the second match and 15 sets in the third match.
“The influx of foreigners puts the nation in great danger but the political parties who are fighting to increase their vote bank are even more dangerous because only for the sake of good politicians and political parties criticize the “The ILP will affect tourism and violate the constitution, but what can we do for development if we lose our rights and identity,” said Bah Blah.
She also explained to the people that the reason why she joined the NPP party is on the grounds that the party has a better goal to work for the development of the country. It is for this reason that I came to this party to work together for the development and bring about many changes in the state.
“Arjun Rai, the husband of the headmistress, is the supplier of these food items and is a member of the political party and is the son of BJP leader Dhruv Rai of Mashrakh. who is one of the senior leaders of the RJD,” he said.
The target for completion is July 2025.
“We will not stop here, but we look forward to cleaning up other rivers which have become acidic,” said James Sangma.
If Khasi drivers who drive with even numbers on the day of odd numbers are fined, why should these drivers from other states, especially those from another state, be released?
Time passed, days passed; It happened in our country Since I was a child until now, This has never happened before.
The market dwellers in Iewduh are fluent in English and this was seen today when some of them spoke to the Chief Minister in English.
This shows that the government doctors in Meghalaya are more knowledgeable, skilled and intelligent than the doctors of other hospitals in the state of Meghalaya.
Violators of this order will be punished with a fine under Section 51(b) of the Disaster Management Act,
The Deputy Commissioner, Jowai has organized a District Level Quiz and Painting Competition on the 3rd June 2024 at the Conference Hall, DC Office, Jowai.
At the same time, Irene Dkhar thanked the Deputy Commissioner for inviting her to this reception which will encourage her to continue.
He said that when they raid the KSU members, they also rob the duli where the people put their belongings and this raid is also without a warrant.
On the other hand, the Minister invited the Sordars and the people who are able to attend the wreath laying ceremony in Mairang.
Shillong: The Sieng Riti Institute Wahkhen on Tuesday exhibited the traditional snaps of the ancestors who used to work in the village since Kulong Kumah.
Mr. Renikton Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs for allocating funds for this project in Williamnagar.
At the meeting, the UDP said it was called to discuss the High Court order issued on the 13th of this month regarding the post of Rangbah Shnong.
Even Proverbs says, “Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it”.
Shillong: Bihar beat Meghalaya by seven wickets in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 match in Chennai today.
As soon as the referee gave the goal, the joy came not only to the players but also to the fans as they didn't know that 10 points was enough to win the title.
“There are places where the meters have broken down and MeECL has tried to resolve this in the areas where complaints have been received,” said Bah Dhar.
Nongpoh: Nine Matric students of Patharkhmah Govt.
The Prime Minister today dismissed these two candidates after reports that they may leave the party before the elections next year.
Speaking at the public meeting, the residents who opposed the land acquisition by the army said that they did not find any opposition for those people who wanted to sell, but what they wanted was only to escape that stealing.
Nongpoh: The Village Leaders of Mawroh Village, which falls under the Nongpoh Town Committee, today inaugurated several roads, footpaths and others constructed through the Nongpoh Town Committee. MGNREGA scheme, which has amounted to T.57 lakh and on the same day, they also launched a garbage truck, which they bought with money from Mawroh village and youth association. the village.
When asked by the women who sell soh and wai dong in the area whether they have any information whose clothes were stolen in the village, they replied that there is a man who stays overnight. “He is a Khasi – an old man who lives well, we often see him coming to the place in the evening and sometimes in the morning. “It's not like I'm going to be able to stay in that place,” said one of the women.
He said the protest against the ILP has cooled down after the Sengbhalang accepted the government's invitation but after the situation has improved, the government has started creating trouble.
“Ma Stephanson Mukhim has been allowed to contest this MLA election with the party symbol (NPP).
Many of the speakers said that they have never witnessed such a large election and it is the first time this year that tens of thousands of people have come to support the election. to fill the venue from the parts of the road to the parts of the road which had to be closed during the meeting.
The High Court's order came after the hearing of the case of Tenderly Hynniewta and Small Phawa who appealed to the High Court after being sentenced to reduce their punishment.
Finally, he said that the protection of wildlife, birds and fish is very important in this era and the awareness program or training to the public to understand is very important. urgently these days everywhere.
Jesus Himself said, “Verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone through the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come (Matthew 10:23). .
And they said unto him, Tell us, when wilt thou come? Or what is the world? Jesus did not tell us the days or years.
The first Annual General Body Meeting of the CLF was attended by Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning as the chief guest, Raja Brahma Additional Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi as the symbud chief guest in the presence of BDO Umsning C&RD Block. CLF President Rocky Kylla, Chairman Umsning Town Dorbar, members of SHGs and VOs.
They also said that as the leaders of the KSU, they should be intelligent in their work and have responsibility for the welfare of the entire nation.
Among those who have converted to other religions such as Muslims, Christians, etc., besides receiving the status of ST, they also enjoy the status of Minorities from the Government of India (at national level).
Shillong, March 10 : The National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma on Monday urged the leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress (NPP) to do their homework before they vote. He said that his party has not been able to meet the expenses of the 2018 MLA elections.
“When we went to the offices to apply for land, we were asked whether we have the land title, because we don't have it, we don't have it. We have received money because we didn't have land, but now we have received land which is a blessing to us all.
Bah Lyngdoh has served the State in various fields in the past years and is a leader who has dedicated his body and soul to the people.
He said that the distribution of the donation is from his MLA salary, which has reached more than 14 lakh tyngka and said that next year he will do better. more.
Thus, society has been divided into different categories and it cannot be said that there is a discrimination against others by the powerful.
During the exercise, the Responsible Officer, Shri T Lyngwa, IAS, activated the District Emergency Operation Center (DEOC) and conducted the exercise. All sections of the Incident Response Team including the Operation, Planning and Logistics Section have been implemented.
She has opened the posts of nurses in government hospitals to all those who have completed training in any field.
“I want to take part in the fight against these false news”.
The incident happened on the 3rd of this month.
Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, addressed the meeting by video conference with Narendra Modi and the speech of the Governor was also read out. .
Speaking on the occasion, the president of TULBA, Bah Seibor L.Nonglait, said, “The main purpose and objective of this training is to develop the farmers in the field of agriculture. not only in agriculture but also in agriculture, the most important thing in India is to strengthen agriculture”.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government will increase the excise duty by T.1.5 per litre, while petrol companies will increase the excise duty by T.1 per litre.
Home Minister Amit Shah has said that he will break these poiwir before 2024 and if he targets by 2024, he should start breaking the 19 lakh. There are 10 people from Assam, who have been decided by the NRC, that they are not full Indian citizens and if they cannot be deported to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh or any other country, they will be deported. tens of thousands of others, during the preparation of the NRC
Government employees in the district were also honoured, awards were distributed to ASHAs and athletes who brought glory to the district at the 5th Meghalaya Games which was held recently in Tura.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that if there is an allegation of smuggling of coal, they should bring sufficient evidence.
Others appointed are Mamta Kumari and Khusboo Sundar.
Top leaders of the NDIA bloc will attend the meeting,” said Rai, who is the AAP convenor in Delhi.
The village is still free from the evil spirits and evils in the society because there are still few houses and there are only ten churches.
East Khasi Hills has 163 cases and these include 4 cases in Jaiaw, 7 cases in Lachumiere, 5 cases in Laitjem, 5 cases in Laitkor, 4 cases in Lawmali, 6 cases in Lyndem Nongjri, 6 cases in Madanryting, cases in Mawlai, 4 cases in Mawprem, 8 cases in Nongmynsong, 6 cases in Nongrah, 30 cases in Nongthymmai and 5 cases in Smit.
South Korea and Malaysia have agreed to buy soybeans from India and Ecuador will buy rice.
If other nations from other places know what is happening in our country, why don't we? Don't let it be like that saying, "We seek knowledge all over the world, We don't know anything"
Sometimes 3 or 4 people died from the same village and sometimes 2 or 3 people died from the same household.
Cachar SP Nomal Mahatta told reporters that they had received information that Hifzur had left for Barak Valley across the Meghalaya border.
The earthquake struck the area about 10 kilometers (6.21 miles).
At the same time, the Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya Financial Establishment Rules.
The HYC also demanded that the Government should implement the ILP of the State Government, as the HYC will continue to increase the violence in the area.
And he shall not come from the city, but from you the villagers.
On the part of the President, Kong Nomita Rynjah, she congratulated the people and the leaders who have entrusted them with this task to work for the people of the jaitbynriew living in Delhi and abroad. neighboring states.
“The truth is that when the arrangement is made, there must be a path between whether it is beneficial or disadvantageous because this truth cannot be avoided. Assam will be destroyed and at the same time Meghalaya will be destroyed.
Among the foods to eat with meals are broccoli and sohsaw.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) for Meghalaya, Luizinho Faleiro, on Tuesday admitted that there are differences of opinion among the MLAs of the party.
We won the MLA elections in
The Athletics tournament of the 3rd Meghalaya Games held in Tura, West Garo Hills District, has come to an end today.
“I think the State Government will have the same view and if the BJP Government passes this bill by force in the Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha, it will not only be the central leadership that will take action but the state BJP leaders also have to take action.
Danish was charged on July 6 under several sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
The elders say that there is no cure for these diseases.
Nongpoh, March 13: As part of the encouragement and pride to the two youths from Ri Bhoi who have represented India at the 43rd World Arm Wrestling Championship to be held in Turkey, the The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today donated money to two arm wrestlers from Ri Bhoi District.
Thirty-two villages have received an allocation of T.9, 40, 000 lakh for the construction of waste traps, wells and others.
The cost of the project is T.6036.03 lakh while the expenditure is T.5148.71 lakh.
“I feel that there is still a great need for improvement of roads by the Government of India in many parts of Meghalaya.
The JNC also said that these Khasi Pnars who have been living in these villages have been there since the time of the British and they are not just invaders in these areas. shame on this.
“The union appealed to the people to join hands in this opposition to uranium mining,” said Bah Dohling. “To prevent the danger, we should not allow uranium mining.
The tournament was opened by Bah Edmund Khongngai, President of RMSA in the presence of other RMSA leaders, players and others.
Khulu Malang was able to draw Mon Bamon to the great love of Jesus Christ.
They beat Rishot FC 3-2 in the final.
Former Congress MLA from Mylliem constituency, Ronnie V Lyngdoh has slammed the ethnic parties who are happy with the decline of the Congress party, saying they don't say anything else regarding the rise of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Party (BJP).
Speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong, special prayer by one of the Elders of Moojem Presbyterian Church, speeches by Samla Dameki Lathong, President, HYC Jaintia Hills and Samla Roy Kupar Synrem.
Robert Fico was admitted to hospital on Tuesday last month after being shot four times by a robber while leaving a meeting with his cabinet ministers that day.
In connection with the Amur Falcon Festival, the WVWPS invites the public to take part and see with their own eyes and hear with their own ears the beauty of the Amur Falcon Festival. these birds come from other distant countries of the world.
At the General Council of the party, it was also decided to strengthen the monitoring of political appointees in various government departments.
The match on Saturday will be between Imson SC and Smit SC at 3:30 pm.
The incident was discovered after the owner woke up the next morning to find that his motorcycle was gone.
For example, some parties promise to forgive bank loans, or forgive electricity bills, or pay school fees for their children and so on.
The celebration of the Lord's Day by the Catholics was held across the State in their respective parishes and places with the services through the Priests.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to demand the inclusion of the Jaintia language in the State Anthem. The project is aimed at building a railway line in Jaintia Hills.
These bacteria grow in your body and infect your body.
Three MLAs from Ri Bhoi, including Mayrald Born Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Jasan S. Mawlong, Umsning MLA and George B. Lyngdoh, Umroi MLA, were also present. Charles Marngar, Mawhati MDC and Nongpoh MDC were present.
“Many countries including the United States of America and the United Kingdom have not been able to find ways and means to curb the number of illegal immigrants because they do not have such a law.
The suspects were arrested after police conducted a search operation on the NH-37 connecting Imphal and Silchar.
During the inspection, the owners of these shops said that the Municipal Department will demolish the area and the shops will be demolished. The shops where they live will be temporarily relocated to the top of this area which has been constructed by the Municipal Department.
Regarding the village leaders of Jalaphet Bri-Sutnga, their violence and harassment has violated the rights of a teacher at Jalaphet LP School, Lumsashram named Delicious Bamon who is a native of Sutnga. On July 10, 2014, the village leaders of Jalaphet Bri-Sutnga, came to harass and warn this teacher for distributing Christian books from the Bible Society of India to the children of this teacher. school.
wow...I don't have a religion, I don't have a custom.
These leaders were welcomed by KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP, Sandondor Ryntathiang, President of the Youth Wing of the State, PB Sylliang, President of the Youth Wing of the State. Bhoi, General Secretary and many others.
Niwan O Gatphoh (West Jaintia Police) won the Best Players title while Bah Tenzing Khriem (63) was the oldest player among all the participants.
And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold” (Matthew 24:10-12).
He was allegedly the mastermind of the corruption and was charged with eight counts.
When they left, the mother and son ate but Peter ate with the four.
And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in his house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.
The day was encouraged by the trainers from various departments through the Skills Meghalaya programme.
The report said that Pakistan intends to form two sides against India and that Pakistan, in consultation with China, has sent more troops to the country. He said that there are 100 Pakistani militants in Kashmir so far.
Minister of Urban Affairs Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat, Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu Abul Phawa and others were present on the occasion. others who were invited along with the residents.
The District authorities have sent a report to the District Court on the coal for auction.
On this occasion, the family members, loved ones and residents of Marngar area were shocked and devastated as soon as the body of Walinda arrived at her residence. I believe and imagine that such a tragedy will happen to this intelligent, brave and bright young woman.
In June, women players continued their protest to end Singh's violence and demand his arrest.
The opening speech was delivered by Sariga Agarwal Synrem, the welcome speech was delivered by Arunkumar Kembhavi from the Revenue Department and the meeting was conducted by Bah Leo Khongsit, who is the Joint Commissioner of the Revenue Department of the State Government.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills has decided to participate in the peace rally to be held tomorrow 1st November to condemn the bloodthirsty robbers who killed two commercial vehicle drivers in Jaintia Hills.
This year,2023 India will celebrate its 76th Independence Day on 15th January.
Chinese scientists have discovered the spread of the disease when they visited the market, which has many fish and meat stalls, covering an area of ​​about 160 squares. playing football.
On the other hand, the FKJGP said that the low pH value in these sampled waters indicates that these waters are highly acidic, and according to the FSSAI standard, the water should contain the pH value is between 6.5 to
“If Parliament accepts the proposal to increase the number of MDCs in the state, the division will follow,” said one of the MDCs. Therefore, this will make it difficult for the elections to be held in June-October
“The central government has taken note of this and has also discussed with the state government,” he said.
Shillong, July 4: Ka KHNAM will hold a general meeting on the 6th of November at 11 am.
If there are not many police forces, it is the responsibility of the government to appoint many.
The organizers of the POWER TRIP Festival have announced the names of the bands that will take part in the three-day festival.
It is not easy for the Government to try to solve all the problems in a short period of time.
Even if you have to lose yourself for the common good of all.
“If the government continues to delay, the KSU will continue to protest without rest,” said the KSU. Dabit Dkhar and Phyrnai Kyndait won the title in the Fit India Freedom Run The meeting was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
In another incident on the same day, troops of 36Bn at Jat Rakona in South Garo Hills district seized 530 bottles of Phensedyle, which was smuggled to Bangladesh.
It is worth mentioning that Conrad K. Sangma, Prestone Tynsong and other NPP leaders, two years ago, visited the village, to campaign for the election of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun. They also promised to the people of the area that if the NPP comes to power, it will work hard for the development of the area. Don't be afraid of Assam.
Regarding those owners who dump garbage into the river, the Union will invite them to discuss and urge them not to dump garbage into the river, because the Union, the It was found that there were many unruly people, who continued to discharge garbage into the river.
Especially we children respect the elders and we are afraid of them.
“The news spread on social media, in which the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa said that Umïam Lake will be turned into a tourist destination on par with other tourist destinations in the world “It has surprised the KHNAM-Central Executive Committee,” said James, Chief Publicity Secretary of KHNAM-Central Executive Committee. MA See.
These sunscreens are also known as sunblog lotions which can fight against UV rays and protect against sunburn.
Those groups of College Teachers who have decided without hesitation to fight against such a violent decision and to condemn it should also be praised and proclaimed forever.
On another occasion, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma wrote on his Facebook page today that he had met with Home Minister Amit Shah at the Ministry of Home Affairs. New Delhi, where urgent matters for the State were discussed.
The parents of the child have lodged a complaint against the father of the child at Nongstoin Police Station. They have registered a case and police are conducting a thorough search operation to track down the suspect.
The school was established in 1891 and was run by the KJP Synod.
Prestone said he had seen that questions, Zero Hour and discussion topics could waste time.
The RKSF said that the petition also states that the government will take action to replace the full police outpost in Langpih.
According to the investigation, leaders Metbah Lyngdoh and Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit of the VPP, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP, Bah Vincent H Pala from the Congress party, perhaps they are qualified and skilled to lead as the prime minister, if there is an opportunity.
Later, the Governor also visited the ICP Tamabil BOP Dawki, the Umngot River and the BOP BSF Dawki, where he also had the opportunity to talk to government officials.
Because of the 25-year timeframe, any changes in education will be beneficial after 15 years or so and therefore we need a system that uses resources in an appropriate manner.
Lutituber Ialong scored the winner through Mihsalan Lyngdoh in the 90+2 minutes.
He knelt down, read Bible verses and prayed in the Legislative Assembly.
“For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law” Romans 5:12-1
Erick Paslein scored the second goal for Evegreen Ladwahwapung in the 16th minute and Dr Sanky Shangpung in the 59th minute.
There are 4 villages in West Garo Hills district including Rongram, Lower Chanmari, Dadengiri and Tikrikilla.
Many of the residents of Shillong who need to go to Shillong and also those from Shillong who need to go to Pynursal have had to take two vehicles, one from Pynursla to the place where the landslide occurred and walk back to Shillong. They also took another vehicle which was parked in the earlier parts of the incident.
Florida Shylla was elected president of the Women's Wing, while Banker Siangshai was elected president of the Youth Wing.
To curb the infiltration of foreigners, to curb the trade of foreigners, to preserve and protect the ancestral heritage such as Mawlong Mawteh, Kren Pubon, Mawbynna and others.
The turnout of voters has also increased compared to the last MP election where since before 7 pm many people have lined up to get the ballot box, many shops have closed. and the public polling stations are more crowded because the people flock to the polling stations.
Shillong, July 23: Out of the 75 lakh Scouts of India, Khasi Scout Damang K Khongwir has been selected to represent India at the 2013 World Scout World Cup. The 6th International Scout Tournament will be held from the 1st to the 10th of this month in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates (UAE).
The Government of Meghalaya through this initiative also aims to provide the best service to all the citizens.
Another complaint, filed by the Garo Law Promoters Association, was filed on 18th November 2015, seeking to bring the case back to court. The Supreme Court will hear and finalize the case on 3rd June
When asked why he left the ARPA at such a time when it is in crisis, he said, “The ARPA doesn't have a number. “It's difficult to work together, how can I serve the people if it's not a permanent group,” he said.
iii) On the other hand, there is a woman who has been undergoing treatment for TB for many months at the Doctors in Shillong.
To say that Tymmen Basan distributes kiad shows that the whole church distributes kiad and it is not appropriate,” said Bah Vincent Pala.
On the concern of the Sengbhalang over the illegal entry of foreigners, the Chief Minister gave the example of Mendipathar in Garo Hills where there is a freight railway and the government has also set up a Facilitation Center. , which will search people coming into the state.
He is the pride of the North Eastern Region of India and the people of the country.
In fact, the whole of India, except those in the Congress, does not trust Rahul as a leader, not Modi.
According to a complaint letter to the One Stop Centre, the woman demanded that the father of her children should give her children a share of his property so that they can get their rights.
It is for this reason that the Word of God says – “The abomination of desolation.
He said that there will still be MDCs who will come to join the UDF to work together.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26:Ka KHNAM, urged the people of Bri Hynniewtrep, to attend the public meeting convened by the 14 Sengs, to be held on the 30th November 2013, to discuss the issue of ILP. MLAs, MDCs, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang workers are urged to attend the public meeting, said a statement from Bah Batkupar Wahlang, General Secretary, KHNAM. The General Meeting of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will be held on the 30th November 2013 at Government LP School, Khlieh Riat East at 10:30 am.
We have seen that since 16th October, there has been a check on vehicles carrying more than T.50,000 or other goods that can be used to defraud the residents. in the election.
The FKJGP said that the bridges have collapsed and it is not known at what time these bridges will collapse and this will cause problems to the people from the district and other states who pass through this road.
The Zonal Final was held online.
“We have a lot of fear but we have become calm because we are the older students, we have to look after the students below us.
“It is really surprising that no one stopped these illegal factories when they started operating," the source said.
NASA has predicted that tomorrow, November 24, an asteroid will hit 22,000 kilometers from Earth.
On the other hand, the DC has already written to the government to allocate funds to install more pumps as that is the only way.
“I have received support from everyone at Lyca Radio as well as from my team.
When reading these two OMs, it is not easy to see; However, when we read carefully, we find that the OM of 2022 talks about reservation in posts, but the OM of 1972 does not write a resolution on reservation in posts, but on reservation in vacancies. ).
Because our youth who have to work and study abroad are more likely to use the words of ethnic cleansing because it affects their peace and stability.
“Only to the Minister of PWD, the government has paid T.3 crore and that T.3 crore is only for one person, but it has not been able to release the remaining money to the small contractors. “It's only T.50-T.60,000,” said Ban Nongbri, Secretary of the Association.
There has also been talk that Deepika may be selected to act in the film as the actress has often spoken about her desire to act with Kartik.
“Instead of the government taking action to build the railway line, we want it to take action on the demand for ILP in the state because as of now we see that the central government has forgotten about it and the state government has not taken any action. to strengthen the demand for ILP in the state,” he added.
“We will never do anything that goes against the will of the people.
HH Mohrmen, Secretary of SURE invited his friends to come and encourage our farmers.
Acts 2:1
Even though God had forsaken the Israelites, He did not forget them.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Despite the talks between the government of Mukul Sangma and the Sengbhalang, on 29th June, to release three members of the Sengbhalang, who were arrested under the rules of the Meghalaya Prevention Detention Act (MPDA); But now, it has been seen that the government has not shown any signs.
This was held on 5th November 2018 and was also invited from those companies that manufacture their own drugs.
Fr. Bianchi was surprised because Fr. Pio didn't know all this,” he said. “This happened and only three days later the Chinese troops withdrew. .
Traders have explained the reason for the price hike and one of them is the floods in Assam, which has caused the destruction of crops, which has forced farmers to produce only a little vegetable.
So those who own the land will know that it belongs to them and those who sell and buy will know that they are selling and buying something that they don't have to fight for.
The deadline for submission of forms will be on 6th June and all children who have received forms in previous months can submit them at the above mentioned shops.
According to the order of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the agricultural products sold in the market should be cut only in kriah, shang, byrni or plastic, but not in plastic. The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima will punish anyone who violates this order and this has been approved by the District Council.
Other impacts are that if this dam is built, it will bring some benefits and some disadvantages in terms of environmental, but in terms of land there will be many the impacts of the mining of soil, stone, shyiap and the transportation of these will lead to the pollution of the land environment.
This was announced by Rgh DG Kharpuri, Secretary of the Rongbiria Annual Committee, Khasi Kmie.
There are 356 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to 1,4
It was a great loss.
According to the mother of the girl, Jemina Rymbai, her daughter is studying nursing at the International Hospital Guwahati and is undergoing an internship at the hospital.
“This is a strong warning that the GSU should withdraw immediately and not be discouraged.
He said that most of the vehicles are vehicles used to transport people and goods and with the ability to produce these new vehicles I hope that the feelings of the people will also it's still strong.
“The Bible does not mention the Aadhar number according to Revelation chapter 13, verse 18,” said Pastor Phawa.
Indian officials have spoken to Pakistani officials after Prime Minister Imran Khan announced the release of Abhinandan and advised Pakistan to allow him to come. He was returning by plane, but Pakistan refused and informed him that he would return across the India-Pakistan border.
The All India Congress Committee (ACC)) said that what has made the issue worse is that the NPP has given a ticket to the Executive Engineer of PWD(B) who is a human being. who is in charge of the building of this house.
The Unitarian Church, Jowai has celebrated its 136th Anniversary (1887-2023) in which the members of the church have participated in the service from early morning on Monday.
“KHADC and JHADC have 11 EMs while GHADC has only 9 EMs. This is a mistake and we have already sent a letter to the government not to use the same EM in all district councils. Increase the number of EMs in GHADC to 11,” he said.
“What saddens us is that when there is a Directorate of Infiltration, we want it to work.
The complainants said that there are many vehicles purchased by the police department since 2019 without the approval of the allocation of funds from the relevant authorities.
The TRHs, whether they belong to the Diengdoh, Laloo, Lamin, Massar, Marbaniang, Shadap, Passah, Nongkynrih and other Kurs, whether they live in Sor, Lynngam, Khynriam or Pnar, , Bhoi or War, are the TRHs. The TRHs are the TRHs, they understand the meaning of “Sngewbieit”, “Sngewpap” and “Sngewsang”.
“It is a 5Km road implemented under the PMGSY scheme. The work has been awarded to a contractor since last year but it has not been implemented yet,” said Bah Metbah.
Pa Dolloi in his speech as the chief guest said that he has read this book and it has changed him and said that this book is a source of knowledge about the past.
The drugs were seized by the police from Ialong, Jowai on Tuesday night.
Shillong, March 15: The following are the votes of the MDC candidates who won and came second in the Garo District Council MDC elections.
About 10 members of the BJP have been summoned to appear at Sardar Police Station in connection with the petrol bomb blast at the BJP office on the 7th of this month.
Mawkhar SC have 2 points and are bottom of the table while Langsning FC have 17 points and are in second place.
In recent days, suspected GNLA militants have abducted a manager of a coal trader, Natmal Sharma from Depa Garat village in Dainadubi, North Garo Hills.
For now, he said, they need to talk to various groups first and after that they will take a decision.
He said that among the arrested robbers, they include some policemen of the state.
He seized power for himself and killed all those whom he suspected of plotting to take power from him.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah HS Suting – General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Laitdom.
Because now you don't have to trust anyone, where unknown people will steal people's money,” said the statement.
I'm going to call you Meiheh, Meideng, and so on.
Speaking to media, SSMP President Samuel Biam said that the purpose of the meeting was to submit a petition to the Chief Minister on the decisions of the SSMP. The Sur of Nongmawlai has taken over the meeting yesterday.
In this match, Cariappa and Mohit, both foreign players, played well from the start of the match, which helped Mizoram to reach the goal.
In the Group-C match, Shillong Lajong's Babysunday Marngar scored three goals (25′, 31′, 42′, 46′, 49). Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem (4′), Pynche Tyngkan (16′), Atlanson Kharmaw (70′), Ioanis Suchen (77′) and Hardy Cliff Nongbri (90′+) scored the other goals. 2).
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: Receiving a complaint from the residents of Rilong, Ri Bhoi District, who have faced difficulties in coming and going due to the delay and maintenance of the PMGSY road by the contractor. Leaders of the RBYF Umsning Circle, led by Bah Gershom Lymphuid as President, together with members of the RBYF, today visited the road from Umran Dairy to Rilong.
He encouraged the people to take advantage of the development projects launched by the government and encouraged the people to form Self Help Groups and Cooperative Societies to get the benefits of the scheme.
He also has the ability to look at fortune with only shiphew tyngka, he treats people who are sick by touching the bones of the hands of the sick and the demon will speak and argue. to apologize to him.
In this incident, the driver of the Maruti Car escaped serious injuries and sustained serious injuries, as the truck managed to stop after colliding with the Maruti Car.
Not only that, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Arun Kembhavi, himself went down to the square to dance with the dancers of the Behdeinkhlam festival, where he danced for about 40 minutes.
Speaking to reporters, Charles said, “The reason for the decision not to contest from this Shillong seat is after the party's vote in the MLA election. “It will be very difficult for the party to win even if it nominates a candidate”.
The Manipuris in Kolkata (MIK) has lodged a complaint with the hospital authorities.
Shillong, March 3: The Cabinet today approved the increase in the government tax from T.60 to T.500 per truck.
Even in Laitkor, many people do not have water at home.
Mr. Anthony is the father of Dr. Rita Pohrmen, Dr. Richard Pohrmen, Fr. Robert Pohrmen and Sr.
The summer holidays in the countryside were a great resource for the parents of the students.
The incident occurred as US troops and Afghan government troops continued to surrender to the Taliban in several districts of the country.
On the part of the CSWO, when Kong Christabell Wanniang had the opportunity to speak, she first explained the working methods of the organization and as the organization, she wants the Longkmie from this union to come and join hands. and the CSWO from now on, in order to work better in a better society in the villages and to bring about better peace and stability.
Many scientists do not believe that God created us.
The EM said that there is no rule that a license can be changed from one name to another, but a new one needs to be done.
After the scholarship, he said he tried to apply for many other scholarships in the United States and graduated from New York University in
New Delhi: The death toll from the coronavirus in India has risen to 4,205 in the past 24 hours.
Shillong, November 15: The State Government has spent T.90,67,84,272 crore in the three years since 2012-14 in the state for the construction of 16038 ponds. throughout the state.
The Central Government has provided a lot of assistance and supported the NPP for the development of the region, but the NPP has failed in the state due to corruption and discrimination. face.
On the other hand, Bah Briek Khriam also recalled the legacy of the former leaders of the ethnic parties who fought for the independence of the State and not that the independence of the State came by chance.
The Federal Assembly shall consist of the Speaker, the Speaker and the Secretary of the Assembly.
A short meeting was held in the presence of DSP, MJ Marngar, Incharge of Karompani Outpost along with VDPs from these villages.
Eshan Siangshai and Maremdorkini Sutnga scored 79 runs for the loss of the second wicket.
“I'll hide it before I tell you,” said the mother and opened the purse to cover the money.
Furthermore, under the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, PROGRESS, 2000 piglets (3 females and one male) have been distributed to 500 farmers in South Garo Hills District.
On the other hand, Bah Rubi Binong expressed his surprise and disbelief at the decision of the school authorities to say that his daughter will do this, because she is a brave person and She didn't have such thoughts of ending her life and only if she had any problems she informed her brother or her parents.
On the other hand, Bah Eddie War, Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, said that besides the roads, the drains will be improved so that it will not affect the traffic of the people. On the other hand, he requested the government to provide assistance to them so that they can build a special place to set up shops for the vendors so that they can escape from any problems. events.
Customize:The Khasi burial ceremony is now associated with husband, children, mother and father like the Khasi Christians.
Indeed, pig farming in many villages has increased but cannot meet the demand in the markets.
This refers to unacceptable actions that hurt or destroy the soul.
This is a completely baseless allegation.
Shillong: Meghalaya will host Mizoram in the first-class tournament of the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy today. the Trophy.
Not only that, but they also damaged dozens of vehicles, which were passing on the highway between Vairengte and Lailapur.
Regarding the allegation that the DSC should have issued the resolution and conducted a physical test, but the DSC should have done so, Ranee said that if However, applicants must complete both and pass both.
The salonsar in the religious faith can be witnessed by another group known as the Seng Bah Ki Nongshat Nongkheiñ.
In 2008-09, the Assam police had a border dispute with Mizoram and the Addl.SP of Mizoram had ordered the Mizoram police to use their powers if the Assam police used force and exceeded the border. the law if necessary to shoot.
Shillong: Thangkharang Park and Khohramhah have been the most famous tourist attractions in the Sohra area in the past 15 or 20 years. They went to Thangkharang, Khohramhah and Nohkalikai which are the oldest tourist attractions in Sohra.
He said that the shnet of the shalynnai or dohthli are covered with pui pui dpei, if you look at the shymprong, they are covered with scarves, because the hands, feet and tmaiñ are as big as the biri of Mother India.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday announced its candidate to replace Bah (L) HDR Lyngdoh. The UDP has announced the name of (L) HDR Lyngdoh's brother-in-law, Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh Thabah as the candidate of the UDP. Sohiong constituency.
The Rumi Store, according to the records of KHADC, belongs to Mukta Ali, but when the Enforcement Police went to close it, the owner of the shop was found by a person who claimed to be the owner of the shop. Prodipta Khongwir, a Khasi, does not speak Khasi well.
The program was conducted by Bormi Sari Chairman Niamtre Committee at Mukhla Nongrim Village Square. Sari with the members of the Shnong.
The party has urged the CM to immediately implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
In this regard, he said he would urge the ICAR to find ways and means to get these cheaper food items.
Shillong: U Bah Bindo M. Lanong, who is also the nominated MDC, has decided not to support the Executive Committee led by the NPP in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The NPP-led committee in KHADC,” said Bindo.
Later, the political action led to the ruling parties and the opposition being accused of being the reason for the communal unrest.
“I am a leader of the people, my preparation for the elections is my life.
In the mid-term MDC elections, he said that there has been no discussion with anyone to cooperate.
The Additional Deputy said that the smoking of tobacco or cigarettes in shops is also prohibited and those who violate these rules will be fined according to the law. Commissioner.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) has strongly criticized the state government for not doing anything to bring development works to the border areas of the state, while the Assam government has been fulfilling its duties. Assam has started to clean up roads and other development works in the border areas, while the Meghalaya government has been only a passive observer.
Jowai, Nailur 17: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has expressed its full support to all the groups especially the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit on the demand for the immediate repair of the NH-KSU. 6 which has been badly damaged from Khliehriat to Ratacherra.
He said that the competition is part of the International Water Conclave 2024 which will be held in Shillong on the 9th and 10th June where the three winners of the competition will be sent to the State Level. The winners will receive T.20,000/-, T.15,000/- and T.10,000/- for the first, second and third place respectively.
Therefore, he said that as parents they have a spirit of pride in their children and at the same time they are worried for them and on the part of the teachers they are also worried because Children live in this age of change in this age where there are many bad teachings like 'mobile phone' that if a child or student uses it properly he can grow but if he uses it wrong only catch you the jot.
This vision of his has helped and comforted many in this less than a year.
After the District Administration met with the army chiefs to discuss the matter, the army agreed to open the gate and allow the people to pass through the road.
He said that even Home Ministry officials ask him for information on the Khasi States and “this book will be the answer to their questions and they will provide accurate information,” he said.
Along with various flags and slogans, a march was held from the Additional Secretariat led by the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC).
Besides Kumar, Police Nodal Officer Sanjay Jain and Nodal Officer (Expenditure) Mahesh Bhagwat also met Reddy.
Jowai : The Additional Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia Hills District, HML Kynta today launched the Intensified Mission Indradhanush 5.0 vaccination program for infants and pregnant women. The meeting was held at MCH Hospital, Panaliar, Jowai.
At this meeting, many dignitaries including the Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
“Are the people the only ones who elect them while they can do whatever they want, or do we have the authority to say that without our permission you do whatever you want and don't come back to us? .
“I've never seen Riia or Linda without a father or brother...” Deisy thought one by one.
Shillong: Mobile telephone operators in the state, today met with Bah Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of the State Government, to discuss the issues of the people, regarding the working with mobile phones.
On the other hand, Bah Daniel requested the law enforcement authorities to arrest this fugitive and punish him according to the law, for attempting to deceive and not to act like himself.
He said the difference here is that the copper pipe burns quickly and can last only less than 20 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Before the budget session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Chairman of the Sub Committee on KHADC Affairs, Bah Bindo M Lanong and the Secretary of the Committee, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, were appointed. They have promised through the media that in the dorbar, the UDP MDCs will investigate the allegations of corruption in KHADC especially on the 9 issues that the party has sought clarification from the CEM and that the CEM's reply has not been received. Bindo said that if the CEM cannot answer in the House , the UDP is ready to withdraw its support from the PDF led by Pynshngaiñ N Syiem , MDC suspension of the Congress party.
When asked, Charlie said that the PCCF of the Forest Department has not yet made a commitment on this, as they are still discussing with the government and the Forest Department.
From Garo Hills, it was learned that the protesters have been threatened with eviction from their quarters and salaries if they take part in the protest.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held by LYSO Chairman Donaldy Shylla in the presence of Ladthalaboh Waheh Shnong LD Lakiang, ABM Shullai, LYSO Secretary Mehi Lato, LYSO Secretary Dio Samuel Lyngdoh, VDP and Augustine. Langstang Adviser LYSO and other village members.
The gate of the Parking Lot, Polo will be opened at 7 pm.
In the past few days, there has been a report that Ruchi Soya, a subsidiary of Patanjali, has planned to start cultivating an oil palm tree in Meghalaya and others. The state is located in the northeast of India.
However, he said that one Karbi was beaten up by the residents of Khanduli who were angry with the Karbi.
Shillong: The residents of Dong Mawiawban under Siejlieh village today found the bodies of two husband and wife from a foreign house in Dong Themïew, Nongstoin. a 6 month old girl who is still alive.
Misa, who is a member of the Rajya Sabha, has failed to contest the Parliamentary elections from Patliputra twice.
The Chief Secretary, Prof. RC Laloo was the chief guest at both the environmental protection programs in West Jaintia Hills.
According to a study published by the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, regular hand washing can reduce the risk of these diseases by about 30%.
Pynïaid said that the festival has been supported by the State Government through the Tourism Department which will be organized by the KHADC. He said that due to the many activities that have already been arranged in the past two months especially the Meghalaya Games and others, it has been postponed until June
“I don't mind anyone but the reason is the way the party runs.
The film was shot in Ribhoi, Shillong and Assam.
Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in his daily talks with Western leaders has called on these countries to support Ukraine. as they have done from the beginning to unite and fight against Russia's aggression by attacking small and weak countries.
Sohmynting Dongnein, Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong and Lumkhangdong Kyndong Tuber won the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai on Tuesday.
While the infant mortality rate in Meghalaya is 55 per cent, he said the mortality rate in other states in the North East is Manipur (14 per cent), Nagaland (23 per cent), Sikkim (30 per cent), Mizoram (37 per cent) and Tripura (27 per cent).
“We would like to thank the Government of Meghalaya for supporting the Meghalaya Games which is an opportunity for the athletes of the state to benefit and will also help us to select the winners in the future national games. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of the MSOA.
According to the officer, the purpose of opening this health center is part of the preservation of the traditional healers and also to preserve the traditional medicines that we can get from the state.
Two leaders of Umroi Constituency, including Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA and MDC, joined hands with the demand of the people to oppose the government's plan to allocate land to the army in the area. Bah Arbinus Lyngdoh, who attended the public meeting at Madan Nongsder.
The district police officers were honored at the Conference Hall of the Superintendent of Police's Office and Mihmyntdu was honored at the Mookynphad Dorbar Hall, Mihmyntdu.
The state will share learnings from these programs with partner groups.
Nothing has been spent, but it has collected up to Rs 500 crore from the people and deposited it in the own budget.
You can also WhatsApp these numbers 9856041365, 9233072206 with your name, age and place of residence.
The road has been constructed for the purpose of improving the road and is expected to be completed next year.
TRNYF President Bendangwati and Secretary Shiluyongdang have made it clear that the Tsurangkong Range, which falls under Mokokchung, has been the right of the Nagas since ancient times. and it shall not be changed by any power.
Inside me, the poet explains clearly that, because he is a big and tall tree, even though he is alone, he makes a lawbah lawsan more than many trees in the forest. in this place you are.
He said that just because the elections are approaching will not help.
After this, the Khasi Hills signed a social treaty and sent it to Delhi and it was accepted and signed with Chakravarti Rajagopalachari, the Governor General of India, on 17th July,
The NPP leader said that what Meghalaya has done in the last five years has made New Delhi stand firm and recognize the work of Meghalaya.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Dean, Prof. Vanlalnghak and the welcome speech by Prof. Streamlet Dkhar.
“Father, let's sit in the living room,” said the mother after she had finished cleaning the kitchen.
The players of Myngken Higher Secondary School and the players of Saiden Secondary School will represent Ri Bhoi District in the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Cup to be held soon in Shillong.
Jowai, July 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Amlarem Circle has scheduled to hold a public meeting of Satpator District on the 20th July 2013 at 9.30 pm at the Dorbar Hall, Pdengshakap. road from Amlarem to Muktapur.
“At such a time, many candidates come in that form to offer to buy the rights of the people and from there the people also change their minds.
He said that such incidents in fact are avoidable in order to build trust among the residents of the border area and that the army should take steps to avoid producing any. any disputes in relation to the residents living in the border areas.
The BJP and its parent party, the RSS, had earlier strongly opposed the UCC, but later, when they realized that through the UCC they could introduce Hindu customs and traditions throughout India, they supported and fought hard to bring the UCC to India.
The SP said that the vehicle was driven by a KSU member identified as Bankerlang Syiemlieh , 27 years old 3 days.
Regarding this issue, these women, while talking to this reporter, expressed their gratitude to the authorities who have felt the needs of the people of the area.
The Chief Judicial Magistrate of East Khasi Hills on 17th October 2022, has ordered the imprisonment of these persons for up to 5 years under Section 377/34 IPC. Meghalaya, including the State of Meghalaya, will have to sit the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) to be admitted to Undergraduate/Post Graduate Studies in Universities from 2022-2023 without any basis on the marks obtained in the class. XII.According to the new Rule of the University Grant Commission (UGC), the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) for Undergraduate/Postgraduate Studies will be held in the first month of November by the National Test Agency (NTA).
At that time, they started to discuss it, but before they could make a final decision, the Covid-19 pandemic struck until the work ended without any understand well until now.
Besides, this road has been badly damaged, which has caused a lot of trouble to those who pass through this road especially in case of illness.
All flesh has corrupted its way upon the earth.
Jerusalem, March 09: Israel today decided to impose a blockade on Gaza, the home of Hamas militants and their supporters.
These members of the Search Committee shall search and elect the Chairperson and members of the Meghalaya Lokayukta and send their names to the Selection Committee.
Who will fill this vacancy which is an HONORABLE JOB TO BE A LEADER and to do something for the community?
Amanda said in the complaint that Steffanie is also pregnant with a baby between 2 and 3 months old.
Dorith Marak was the top scorer for NGH, scoring 4/44 in 4.4 overs.
The enforcement of rules by the government authorities will be meaningless if the people themselves do not have a sincere desire and responsibility for the value of the environment.
Run out of opportunities.
Sildamicresha Marbaniang scored 38 runs from 39 balls (not out) to lead the team to victory by nine wickets.
In a serious accident this morning, a Night Super Bus (AR 16 A 5022) has collided with a truck. The vehicle (NL 01 AA 8595) was traveling on the National Highway in Nongpoh.
But as a man and as God, Jesus said something that neither the disciples nor the people understood but he referred directly to Israel when he said this.
The semifinal of the U-14 FT League was held at the Polo Ground, Shillong on Friday morning.
This is the work of devil spirits to destroy society in human beings, to deceive man to come to that knowledge of the truth.
Shillong, Nailur 13: As part of the registration process for the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme Phase-II, the District Medical Health Officer of East Khasi Hills District has conducted a registration process for the beneficiaries of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme. Sanmer Secondary School, Upper Shillong on Saturday.
“The process for adopting this Act has started and the government will send to the Central Government the people who should benefit from this Act according to the Socio-Economic Census.
At the same time, it is prohibited for heavy vehicles to pass through the Umsiang Bridge, so that there will be no traffic jam on the Bridge and the road as well.
On the other hand, the SP urged the leaders and taxi drivers of the Association to continue to hold such tournaments for the benefit of the people of the area. At the same time, he urged them to continue to set such good examples, so that other leaders of other drivers' groups in other places can get to follow.
“We have taken many measures to pay compensation to the farmers by distributing agricultural products to help them,” he said.
Israel has now abandoned its offensive in parts of Hamas-controlled Gaza, but has turned its attention to parts of Syria and the West Bank.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Langkynma Area has expressed its strong opposition to the hearing held at Nongjri, South West Khasi Hills on the approval of the Rangbah Shnong. Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Langkynma Area President Samla Ioanis Hahshah said that the Rangbah Shnong of Nonghlam, Bah Justice Hahshah, has given permission to more than 1000 people to register their names in the EPIC. These persons who are approved by the Rangbah Shnong, are those who are over 30, 40, 50 years of age and this She has put the KSU leaders in doubt that if they are the residents of the whole state, where will they go from the age of 18 years and above?
The Shillong Lantern Festival is part of the Shillong Lantern Festival to spread the message of peace.
Shillong, March 26: On the 21st November, 2015, the US band Fire House will perform in Jowai on the 21st November, 2015 and the festival will start at 5 pm. football ground of Panaliar, Jowai.
He said that in Meghalaya the number of EMRI-108 staff is still very low compared to other States and if this is the case it will be easier for the Government to take over the operation of this EMRI-1 It is not because it will not burden the Government because from the beginning it is the Government that has paid the money to the GVK Company to run this service and not the Company that has paid the money.
Our goal is to be by the people and the people will not leave us and will be by us.
In the first leg, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Mulang Ialong 2-0 and Precious Tang scored the second goal in the 10th minute. 4 and the 39th minute.
He added that if we don't protest now, we will lose the land of the people of this area.
Shillong, July 3: Pastor PBM's wish if elected as MP to serve those who have been silenced for the sake of peace and justice.
In West Khasi Hills District, 64 cases have been confirmed; Of these, 13 are still infected and 50 have recovered and one has died.
This will be from 1st June 2020 to 15th June 2020 and until further notice as part of the prevention of the spread of covid -19 in the state.
He said that thanks to the Soskular signed today between the Government of India, the Government of Assam and the ULFA, the Modi Government has succeeded in removing all the insurgent groups in Assam.
On 13.05.2023, there were sisters from Sacred Heart Health Center Sahsniang and those sisters asked to be taken to Guwahati to a better hospital (Appolo Hospital Guwahati Assam). You will be able to apply on
He added, “The brothers who worked in [2
When asked whether he has any intention like other HNLC leaders like Julius Dorphang, Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) and James Sylliang to appear in the political elections, Cherish said. “I have not come to take part in Indian Politics, but I will continue to serve with the people. “It's my part to serve the people,” said Bah Cherish.
Two Night Super Buses were seized from the Byrnihat Police Outpost in Byrnihat and from these two Night Super Buses police seized 90 byrni of kwai supari. The owner of the Night Super Bus was arrested.
It is a country that allows its own laws on marriage, divorce, inheritance, property and others.
He urged the members of MATGESA as agricultural experts to find the right answer to provide assistance to the farmers so that they can increase their income and production opportunities.
This was the statement of Bah Pynshngain when contacted by a reporter to inquire about the strength of his EC, after the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) which has three MDCs has resigned. Referring to the establishment of the Executive Committee (EC), Pynshngain said the Congress has 15 MDCs and has also received the support of the United Nations. The same is true of the Democratic Party (UDP), NCP, and Independent.
ECI Under Secretary Manish Kumar, in a letter to the President of the VPP on 3rd June 2023, said that the Commission has not yet approved the 'Prah' as ​​the shab of the VPP. VPP candidates for the MLA elections-2023 to be held in Meghalaya.
Jowai, March 20: Khimusniang Presbyterian Secondary School, Jowai on Friday held an Exhibition Cum Sales Day as part of the fundraising campaign to extend the classrooms of the school.
The Makashang Mountains are His friends and the Sop ïor Mountains are His resting places, while the bright creeks are His places where He used to associate with the Lord.
Tourists from all over India and the world will come to Tyrso to see these birds and development will come to this area.
This was announced in the High Court by the government which is hearing a petition filed by the state government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Thursday.
He said the NTC is surprised at the government's decision to set up a weighbridge at this place, as this place is located in the middle of Nongpoh and is not announced in other states of India. The government will set up a weighbridge between the district towns, he added.
In this competition, Asim Riaz came second.
At that time, Bah Paul had talked to Dr Mukul Sangma to appoint four posts of Labor Inspector which have not been appointed yet because there are no Garo who have passed but Dr Mukul Sangma has not responded. part of Garo.
(Mechanism and Surveying) The deadline for the completion of these works has been set within 24 months or 2 years. project, worth about Rs 144 crore.
Furthermore, police on the 12th of this month destroyed a sleeper cell of the HNLC and foiled another attempt to detonate IED bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh.
The PGI report for the year 2020-21 is available anonymously.
Regarding this, let us turn a little to Nongnah Village, South West Khasi Hills District where as part of the preservation of the heritage of our ancestors, this village is still preserving this game.
He also strongly criticized the Minister of Revenue for saying that this casino will attract those tourists who are more valuable or High Worth. They didn't come to visit the beauty of the state for nothing.
The ceremony concluded with speeches by the two speakers, Niniang Sumer, who spoke about the ABVP and Kong Darilin, who spoke about the independence of India as a whole. to Tirot Singh, the King of Nongbah, Father Sangma and Phan Nonglait.
Sohmyntini beat Sabahmuswang 1-0
In a letter signed by JAC Chairman and Secretary Ban Kharnaior and Peterson Kylla, they said that the presence of the company in Mawthei and Khlieh Umtrew villages has caused pollution to the drinking water wells. Umsning, Nongjri Town Durbar, Syad, Umrnong, Nongkya and other neighboring villages which use the tested the contaminated water by the company.
On the other hand, the JMB said that it had called a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the issue of garbage collection from Jowai, but at that meeting, only two Rangbah Shnongs came to receive the garbage. section.
Speaking on the presence of Marwaris in Shillong, Agarwal said that the oldest Marwari in Shillong who is still alive is BP Bajoria who is 85 years old. He is the owner of BK Bajoria College who lives in Khyndailad after Dreamland. He said that there are about 40 Marwaris who are older than him and all of them have lived in Shillong since their father tymmen.
The limit or power of this bridge is only 20 years but now it has reached 40 years without anyone looking after it.
According to a voice in Nongstoiñ, the HSPDP is now in doubt to win the election, as it is believed that only Maieid Hoping can create a world to fight against the HSPDP. The Congress party, and one thing they have seen now is that if Dr. Pariong gets the Congress ticket, he will win the mid-term elections.
“Earlier, the Nongpoh MLA said that a proposal has been sent to the State Government for many years.
Before starting the work, the village should think about how to control the tourists.
Others who participated in the meeting were Deputy CEM Lasky Rymbai, Winning Garland Sungoh, Phasmon Dkhar, Arbor Hima Darnei and opposition MDC Holando Lamin.
Hilux's reputation in the world is that it is a strong performance vehicle and this is due to the design of the vehicle based on the Innovative Multi-purpose Vehicle (IMV) and the availability of The engine is powered by a four-cylinder 2.8 L turbo-diesel engine and a 6-speed automatic or 6-speed manual transmission.
He said the ruling BJP government in Delhi will not benefit from this change of name, but they may lose the support of the people of the country.
This decision of the KHADC together with the Chief Executive Members came after the KHADC informed about the implementation of these CrPC and CPC provisions which may conflict with Para 4 and 5 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. the country in which these courts have jurisdiction.
Meanwhile, Kong Bertha Gyndykes Dkhar said that to achieve the goal, she needs to go through many challenges.
With the participation of prominent tyngshops and purons like Bah Enshon Lamare, Richard Kharpuri, Mary Nonghuloo, this was also the opportunity for newcomers like Wansuk Alvia. and Tashneem Lyngdoh to perform.
Bah Process T.Sawkmie also expressed his gratitude to the owners of the land in Lad Mawreng for being willing to donate the land.
According to a statement released by the French Football Federation, one of the country's football stars who has made a name for himself at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, especially in the final against Argentina where he scored a hat-trick (3 goals) for the national team; Kylian Mbappe has replaced retired Hugo Lloris as captain of the national team.
In the second match which started at 11 pm at the SSA Stadium, Mawreng SC beat Upper Shillong Colt 1-0
Drinking alcohol has beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease and cholesterol," said Dr. Siegfried Weyerer of the Central Institute of Mental Health in Mannheim, Germany. new details.
At 11 o'clock, they left the place to turn to the Secretariat, with slogans, walking in groups.
The NIA has charged the three leaders under Sections 120 B/435/436 of the Indian Penal Code, Sections 3/5 of the Explosive Substances Act, 1908 and Sections 10 (B) (ii) / 13 (i) of the UA Act,
Ramble 18.
“The height is exactly the same as my height, 6 feet less than 3 inches, I want to dress my statue in a good dress,” he said.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) led by Robert J Kharjahrin has met with the Minister in charge of Land Affairs, Bah Kyrmen Shylla to resolve the issue. the Land Transfer Act.
The Synod also expresses its special condolences to the people of Nginiong, Mawbyrkong and Nongbudam who have suffered this unexpected incident.
Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh (Bam kwai ha dwai u Blei) who was the most victorious Hills state candidate and MLA in the state from 1962 until his death in on the 26th of July 2015.
He said the Election Commission has many shortcomings and is trying to resolve them by bringing about change.
" To those who believe in God, “God has chosen us to live here.
He said that India now has a goal to eradicate malaria or malaria elimination. Sir R Kharbihkhiew was the chief guest at the celebration of World Malaria Day. , ADC of Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naitung 15: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched the Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY) Training and Employment Scheme in New Delhi. The scheme was launched by Bah Barkos Warjri in Shillong.
“If the Governor agrees, he can postpone the election with the intention of holding a leadership election after the rearrangement of the constituencies,” said another Rangbah. political party.
“I have held a meeting with the officers of the Central Division PWD, Bypass Division PWD and National Highway Division in the presence of officers of the Revenue Department and Forest Department, the Deputy Commissioners,” he said.
The sad thing is that many teachers are politicians in various parties and are too busy during elections; they have no time for schools or students.
Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Marwari Shamshan Bhumi have lodged a complaint at Jhalupara Police Outpost.
These three women are Sweety Wahlang who has just been elected to the UDP-Youth Wing of Embhah Syiemlieh. General Secretary of UDP-Nongkwar Unit and TR Kharnaior Member of Women's Wing of Nongkwar Unit.
Political parties need to form alliances with other parties to achieve their goals.
Lumpyngad chose to bat first after the toss went in their favour.
The areas to be covered by the curfew are parts of Mawlai Block, Municipal and Cantonment areas, Mawpat Village, Mylliem Block from Umshyrpi Bridge to Hynniewmer, Madanrting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsotun, Mawdiang, Siejing, Diengiong.
“If it is found that the Syiem is still opposed and continues to give approval, the KHADC will punish him and he may be suspended,” said Bah Latiplang Kharkongor. The king promised before him that no more would happen as he had done before.
T 20 T water fee was paid at Umling port for more than 5 tonnes.
This attitude of our people to fear only those who have seen with their own eyes is a real threat to the country and the nation.
In his speech, Conrad said that the state government will now build three cinemas in Tura, Shillong and Jowai through the CM Elevate which provides subsidy to private individuals who own land to build cinema halls.
About 300 employees of MCCL have not received their salaries for many months, who have also staged a strike in the past months.
The newest depth of the earthquake was 10 km.
Most of the areas included in Garo Land according to the proposed map are in South West Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills. and the whole of Mawiong.
Hordwin Myrboh (64), of Mawlynrei Dong Shyiap, passed away on 27th June 2021 and passed away on 7th June
Mukhramul H Sarkar was the top scorer for Cricket Lovers with 23 runs from 27 balls and Nangkiewkupar Disiar took a wicket in 3.2 overs.
Nongpoh, November 12: Leaders of the RBYF Kyrdem Kulai Circle today visited the area to inspect the road from Umsning to Zero Point. The end of this road has caused a lot of trouble to the people in coming and going due to the noise.
It was seen that the people had poured the water and rice to bring good luck.
The teachers held this rally today on their occasion, while the government is celebrating this day at the Soso Tham Auditorium and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo was the chief guest. The meeting was held by the government.
He states that in the last five years despite being in the opposition he has tried his best to do what is good for the region and for the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 29: After visiting the Iewduh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he wants to build another market and this market should attract tourists. “I want to design the market myself,” said Dr. Rabi Lamichhane. “I want to design the market myself,” said Dr. Absolutely.
He said the Meghalaya State Commission for Women and Child Rights have played an important role in curbing violence against women and children in the state.
Shops in Pynursla, Sohra Civil Sub Division and C&RD Block have been allowed to open five days a month.
Kamlesh (Manipur), Trainer – Vikash S.Chauhan (Meghalaya), Manager – Bah Dister Marbaniang (Meghalaya).
Police have confirmed that one of the dead was a senior IS leader, but no confirmation has been received from the militant group.
Ampareen said the committee will soon visit the Ganesh Das Hospital to investigate why the newly built hospital has not been completed yet. year 2012.
Returning to the Niakha of Rida, when they got home, they said that they were happy that they had found the cause of the problem in the life of their daughter Kha.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the meeting with Amit Shah was fruitful as he promised to study the implementation of the ILP in the country. state.
I am responsible for leading the North East to develop into other countries of the world.
Speaking to this reporter, one of the farmers from the village expressed her sorrow and at the same time said that she has discouraged them because of their hard work since the beginning of the cultivation of the land. , to plant and until it grows or it is time to give the soil in which all these things have happened in a moment.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to send a letter to the Law Commission of India regarding the party's views regarding the Central Government's intention to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in the country. country.
When the Seng Khasi was established in the early 1897s, but when the districts of Khasi and Jaintia were divided, there was a difference of opinion between the two districts and the Seiñraij emerged in the Pnar area. like Jaintia.
Chhetri, who grew up in Shillong, lives on Upland Road and completed his education at St. Edmund's School, Shillong. and after completing his studies, he moved to Kolkata.
Hundreds of people came to taste and eat the traditional food at this festival and many of them took it home.
One of the residents, Kong Anjela Nongrum stood up and explained to the NESFAS team how to cultivate rice in the village.
Nongpoh, July 08: U Bah Donkupar Sumer, former MDC of Umsning and Working President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Ri Bhoi District, has joined the National People's Party (NPP) in Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday. UDP Ri Bhoi, who has left the party in front of the NPP leaders, said that if the NPP comes back to power, the first priority should be to build the Central Agricultural University at Kyrdemkulai.
The Minister also requested the ASHAs to end their ongoing strike and return to their jobs and contribute for the welfare under their supervision. village council.
Manirul Islam scored 36 runs from 20 balls while Rehan Kharbuli tied 35 runs from 32 balls.
These include EGH: 1, EJH: 3, EKH: 112, RBD: 6, SGH: 1, SWKH: 2, WGH: 2, WJH: 6 and WKH:
Speaking to reporters, Ampareen, who recently resigned as MLA, will return to the people to contest from the NPP. to the people of this constituency.
Dilip Sangma, Rangbah Shnong of Abir, said, “In October, Kaikha Saprina arranged to sell the land in Abir to Naga people who wanted to buy the land. They arranged to meet with me the second time they came to ask for NOC but I refused to give NOC because they are not Meghalayans.
In Ri Bhoi, the meeting between the Sengbhalang Leaders, was very successful, as it was seen that all the Sengbhalang Leaders as well as the people, came to participate actively, in order to strengthen the Sengbhalang. The Sengbhalang and the people have demanded the implementation of these demands in the state.
At the same time, the union has also demanded to replace the post electricity which has almost collapsed and the office of the SDO through the Junior Engineer has promised to take action on this, by visiting these places. this is the month of coming.
It is from here that they are ready to stand even though they have not revealed the names of anyone.
Guwahati, Nailar 5: The flow of stone trucks from Meghalaya to Assam especially in West Guwahati have prompted the Kamrup District Administration to impose Section CrPC in the Rani area of ​​West Guwahati, where stone traders used to set up a major port for the marketing of their stone in Meghalaya.
Because the muscles in the kidneys become weaker, dyspepsia is more common, making it more difficult for the body to manage the blood. food.
P.Lawrynniang-Organizing secy,.
On the collapse of the Dome in the Legislative Assembly in Mawdiangdiang, Dr. Mukul said that this incident should shock the government authorities that no work or construction of various projects should be completed. the power to inspect or supervise, so that there shall be no theft or corruption.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has sent his congratulations to Khan, 68; to recover from the corona virus.
The partnership should be clean and transparent.
The Union said that it hopes that if the repairs to the 1st Ground of the SSA are completed soon, the SPL tournament will be held at the SSA Stadium and the Meghalaya Invitation Football Tournament will be held at the SSA Stadium. The tournament has not been held since
It is learned that on the 15th of this month, when a truck carrying building materials, tried to enter through the area, it was blocked and two Khasi, who were in the truck, were killed. They were shot and taken to Moulvibazar General Hospital for treatment, he said.
“The Garo people living in Assam have been treated unfairly in Assam since 1972,” said Alex K Sangma, Chairman and Thengsil Sangma, General Secretary, UGACMC. heavy price for what is done to the khasis both in Jaintia and Khasi Hills.
We must have a vision that will give a bright future to our descendants in our own country.
He also recalled that another lie that the public has understood clearly, is his promise to the religious leaders, that he will stop the casino gambling.
He said that Article 271 is one of the issues of the elections.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today launched the Bill for public comment. to make enough.
Regarding this, some of the residents admitted that the burning of hills and forests is not good.
Besides the population, the Hynniewtrep people need people who are physically and mentally strong.
Political parties and their candidates have also started to stir up trouble to cleanse the people with dozens of promises.
Coal mining is ongoing in various parts of Jaintia Hills.
The 2nd prize of T.10,000/- was won by Ieidbunbha Lamare and the third prize of T.5,000/- was won by Riki Paswet.
pm and in the evening the traffic jam starts from 2 pm till 7 or 8 pm and there are times when the traffic jam continues past 8 pm.
Pyniaid said the Governor has said that he will look into the matter, even though there is a decision of the High Court of Meghalaya.
So far, 195 cases have been confirmed in Assam.
He then took over as Pastor in 1967 and retired in
It is therefore important to revive the power, talent and skills of women to build and shape the rule of law, a society that has existed since the time of the Kulong Kumah.
“The Select Committee will meet immediately after the celebration of Independence Day before the dorbar in November,” he said.
Following a 2-hour orientation, participating children aged 8 to 16 received instruction on the essentials of education.
The Minister will also deliver a speech at the ceremony and after that he will distribute the prizes to the winners.
The research team then surveyed 268 educated citizens and officials.
Speaking to reporters, Ferdynald Kharkamni said that the reason why the union has met the DC is after the union has received information that the government intends to re-employ the DC. the railway line to Byrnihat.
“According to the information I know, the state owes up to T.650 crore to NEEPCO. I don't know how much it owes to other departments,” said Bah Mawthoh.
On the MDC and MLA elections, Bah Nongrum said that those who contest the elections only want to get votes because they are not confident in their politics.
The deceased was a coal miner who worked in the farm of Bah Phurjen Marwein.
In the request, the union wanted to know how much money has been allocated for the construction of the college, when it will be completed, which company will manage it, when the MoU was signed, how many patients it will receive. How many schools will be allocated for the youth of the state, whether the work has started, how much money has been released to the company.
They are from Gorakhpur and Basti in Uttar Pradesh.
The heavy rainfall and landslide have damaged many houses and crops in these villages.
We must not take the State out of the hands of some who intend to sell and auction it for personal gain.
Speeches were also delivered by Jambor War MDC and EM of KHADC, former MDC Blanding Warjri, former Congress candidate Pius Kurbah and others.
Defender scored the second goal (46') and Tympang Tangliang scored the last goal (90'+3).
The scribes and Pharisees said, “Moses commanded us in the law to stone such women.” John 8:5
Shynrai contains antioxidants, the ability to fight against bacteria and viruses and the ability to reduce the risk of obesity.
Shillong: U Badondor Shabong (21), 21, of Shillong, Shillong, has collided with a motorcycle (ML 05 J 8110) at 5 pm this morning. Mawlai Nonglum and two other passengers were identified as Darihun L Nongpiur (26) of Mawlai Mawroh and Lebarius Dkhar (19) of Mawkyrwat.
The Behdieñkhlam is according to the Law of the Holy Spirit.
Ma Kerios Wahlang immediately said, 'I make my own duitara because I understand how to produce the sound according to my own songs, because I have not been taught anywhere about songwriting and composing'
“All this has been achieved by you,” he said. He said that he has worked hard to achieve this road especially when the area will receive the Presbytery again this year.
From U Soolangki.
The BJYM of Ri-Bhoi also demanded that the PWD department should revoke the license of the contractor who is constructing the bridge. They also demanded that the contractor who constructed the bridge should also pay the medical expenses to those contractors who were injured in the incident.
“We have received a letter from the VPP and we have already clarified all their misunderstandings but I don't know why they want to take to the streets,” he said.
However, at the same time, he admitted that during this translation, there may be errors in the spelling of the books, as this is the first edition and the Board will improve and correct those. male.
“The mistake in this is because it was wrong when the state was given the right to amend the Presidential Order 1950 which divided Meghalaya under the North East Reorganization Act 1971,” he said.
“We have all agreed on what the Governor has said, we have clarified what he wants clarification on, now we have sent him to approve it,” said HDr Lyngdoh.
"“Elect me because I have been an MLA who has shown you an example of my ability to do the job, because I have the knowledge, elect me because I am in the party that has worked together. and parties in Delhi," she added.
The visit was conducted under the auspices of the Textile Department, Government of Meghalaya with the aim of looking after the traditional textile industry in Meghalaya.
“He has requested me to give him more time to read the MRSSA Act before he takes an immediate decision, and on his part, he has taken responsibility for this. the MRSSA Act, 2019 before being implemented in the State,” he said.
The District Magistrate issued the order after receiving a report from the Superintendent of Police.
Ankit Singh Rathor (43 runs from 40 balls) and Abid Khan (28 runs from 11 balls) were among the top scorers.
Syntu, although she was a woman, when they appreciated her goodness and kindness to people in need and her good deeds, she was appreciated as precious as gold and while In time, this Thwai was called “KA SYNTU KSIAR”.
However, when Bencic tied the ball that came against her from her own pass, the ball flew outside the line and made Ons Jabeur filled with great joy. Bencic's defeat in the tournament ended the 10 She has won many victories in her career.
In the second half, the match became more and more fierce and it was at that time that the players of Ri Bhoi United, who had many chances to score, but managed to score only KASA IX.Nongpoh: Raja Brahma, Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, today visited Ummat village to investigate the case of Rupsing Teron, MLA Chingthong MAC Constituency, together with the Assam Police, have come to seize the water pipes in the village. These are also the pipes used for the implementation of the Jal Jevan Mission scheme to distribute water to the households in the village.
Khliehriat, July 29 : The UDP candidate from Khliehriat constituency who is also the MLA of the constituency and Minister of Social Welfare, on Tuesday said that he wants to see the people of the constituency elect their leaders. love and understanding not fear.
You are the Director of the Khasi Channel.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: SSA teachers under the banner of AMSSASTA have demanded that the Meghalaya Government should release the salaries of SSA teachers as the government has not released them for four months.
In memory of Crystal Gayle, Bah N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, Shillong, spoke about his experience in the field of entertainment which has touched his heart.
Dkhar said that although the government has not allowed Hynniewtrep to renew its license, which has prompted the Hynniewtrep authorities to take the matter to court, but The court has not issued any order to stop the shooting or not to allow the production of numbers. They said that since the expiry of the license in 2016, They have been paying taxes to the state government.
The delegation of these countries will submit the report to their governments if it is sufficient to operate on a daily basis,” said Joint Commissioner of Transport, Assam Bipulananda Pathak.
The villagers who saw the incident immediately tried to rescue them at about 5:30 AM and immediately informed the Jowai Police Station, but the ground collapsed. inside the house has brought about this tragic incident.
The National People's Party (NPP) has said that the National People's Party (NPP) is not a bad party as claimed by some people who want to take advantage of the election. Speaking at the welcoming ceremony for the MDC of Mairang Nongkhlaw Constituency, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, he joined the NPP. The National President and State Prestone sent their congratulations to Bah Batskhem and his team to join the NPP as many parties in the state have chosen the NPP. “I believe that before taking this decision you have thought carefully, looking at the basis of the NP leaders, because they are educated, responsible people, who love their own nation and who knows man knows God," he said.
In many health centers in the state, AYUSH doctors who should be working only in the line of training, but are found to be working as full time doctors.
“When you serve the people, you will get the satisfaction of the soul,” he said.
Precautions: (1) No assistance shall be suspended without giving time or prior notice to persons who may be removed from the assistance list with proper reasons.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has demanded that the Sports Department of the Meghalaya Government (MDA) should allocate artificial turf, synthetic track and other infrastructure in the area. does not play for the benefit of the children of the district.
Manbha Kyndoh, Narpuh District Dolloi was the chief guest in the presence of Nangbah District Dolloi, Shangpung District Dolloi, Amwi District Dolloi and Jowai District Dolloi.
The untitled film will be inspired by books like the Ramayana and Mahabharata.
On the morning of the 30th, the Langdoh together with the children of the raij will leave to drop the seeds of phniang into the fields with the thanksgiving to harvest the rice and wheat to feed the children of the raij throughout the year.
Shillong, October 28: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced that it will contest the MP elections from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat against existing political parties and independent candidates. The UDP has been in the North East Regional Political Front while the NERPF has not yet signed an agreement with the BJP. UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh will also have to contest against BJP candidate Shibun Lyngdoh, along with other candidates. Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Denis Siangshai, AAP candidate A. Kharshiing and others.
He said that they take the jait from the Khasi father (RB Lyngdoh) and the Khasi who marries a Dkhar has to give the jait to his children, and cannot just change or follow the man.
Regarding the population, the Seng said that the Laskeiñ Block area has more than 92,000 residents and includes two constituencies, Mowkaiaw LA Constituency and Raliang LA Constituency.
Shillong: Meghalaya won the trophy by beating Arunachal Pradesh by 92 runs in the first innings of the first leg of the tournament. Meghalaya finished second in the Plate Group behind Vidarbha, which is the only team that Meghalaya has lost to.
There will be 144,000 thousand chosen Israelites.
As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of this world.
Shama also alleged that people have been attacked just because they are accused of eating cows or carrying cows and these incidents have been witnessed from time to time since the BJP rule. The BJP should clarify its position regarding the opposition to beef in other states while in Meghalaya and Mizoram it says it does not oppose it.
Nongrem said he had also met with the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA) Prestone Tyngsong and handed over the letter.
He said many people work as much as they can and their income does not last.
This means the income of doctors and suppliers of medical equipment for the patients and the biggest loss is to the patient population who do not know anything but rely on the guidance and instructions of the doctors. and the hospital authorities.
“If the government introduces a single window agency, the winemakers from the villages will not have to use themselves before exporting to the market and this will encourage others to take up this wine production as a winemaker. business opportunity," he said.
Although I am a person who has been brought up in the Christian faith, I see that this disregard for our culture has caused other elements to take advantage and destroy the unity of the nation.
Shillong, July 29: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah PBO Warjri, on Tuesday urged the government employees to work hard and take responsibility.
Rupang spoke to the Rangbah Shnong of Mawbah, Bah David Syiemlieh. He said that the house that collapsed belonged to Bah Horendro Langstieh. who is from Jaiaw.
Before concluding his speech, Bah RG Lyngdoh said that the reason is that all the students are now turning their attention only to government jobs and no one has been able to change their minds but what they understand now. it is only the Secretariat and the government department that is the best outcome for them.
They must also attach photographs of EPIC, Residential Certificate, Schedule Tribes (ST) Certificate and attach a Court Fee Stamp of Rs.25 on the top of the application along with the list of The Vigilance Committee for the year 2021 shall be elected by the Dorbar Shnong through the Executive Committee.
The Golden Lion, after scoring the first goal, tried to score as many goals as they could, but until the last minute of the match, they couldn't score a single goal.
Earlier, Services, who have won the title seven times, beat Railways 2-0 in the quarter final.
For farmers, the forces of nature are exactly a double-edged sword – a blessing and a curse.
Last year, the State Cabinet passed the Education Policy and all the people especially those in the field of Education have been happy and excited. .
Yesterday, even after informing the Village Authority of Laban, the Village Authority did not take any action.
Laitphar said that as the BSF in the area, they used to check the movement of the people, by going to the market, to Jowai and when they came, they The BSF seized the goods and knieh and took them to their camp, and considered these goods to be illegal.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Congress party from Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that the Congress party is now trying to find former MLAs or former leaders to contest the 2023 MLA elections. State.
The curfew due to the coronavirus has affected you.
It is very sad and depressing-“the disease is closed, it is the apthngan, the money is allowed to leave?A! God Lord A! Blei Kynrad, hear me, O Lord, in the name of the righteous, the righteous. Amen.
“Earlier, T.5 lakh has been distributed to the families of 52 people who died in many incidents caused by heavy rains, such as falling of trees, lightning strikes. , drowning and others.
The House will meet at 3.50 pm and the President will arrive at 4 pm and no one will be allowed to enter the House after 3.30 pm.
This is because religion and customs and traditions are the foundation stones, the foundation stones, the foundation stones and the new foundation of any indigenous community.
The body of the youth was recovered at 8 pm, said police who took the body to Sohra CHC for post mortem.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday announced that the government will provide financial assistance to 4,000 low income families starting from Shillong. West Constituency, Mawprem.
The AITC has been campaigning across the state and strongly criticized the NPP with the slogan “Save Meghalaya” or “liberate the State from the unjust rule” of the NPP and its allies.
They requested the Prime Minister to look into the implementation of the 7th Central Pay Revision for Deficit Teachers in Colleges who receive UGC Salary and to implement the 5th Pay Revision for Adhoc Teachers in Colleges. .
Therefore, we should avoid saying no to tobacco so that we can have a healthy and fit body.
After conducting a thorough investigation, police have seized the truck and arrested the driver and the follower and registered a case under case number 07(2 )19 U/S 188/34 and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
He said the goal of the NDA government is to achieve equal development for all without discrimination.
We will work hard to ensure that every child who deserves to receive vaccines receives them in order to improve their livelihoods, and at the same time to strengthen also the physical strength of children in all our regions.
Lions captain Dippu Ch Sangma refused to bat first and his decision helped the Tigers to lose all wickets and score 150 runs in 31.2 overs.
Adhikary demanded that there should be a CBI inquiry into the incident even though the party had called a 12-hour curfew in the area yesterday.
In Shangpung Elaka, there are three candidates for the Dolloi election, Acting Dolloi Chanki Langbang, Daeiladmi Sungoh, Daeiladmi Sungoh. the 'Jingkieng', and Harising Papang to stand on the 'Khlur'
