Other demands include the extension of the age limit for government employment, to extend the ban on construction along the Myndtu River within 500 meters as it affects the landowners who have small land.
“The opposition can criticize as much as it wants because it has been their duty to criticize the decision taken by the government,” Sangma said.
One of the weapons of the Indian Air Force; The Eastern Air Command (EAC) oversees operations over a large area.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on Tuesday, announced that after the testing of all the High Risk Contacts and the completion of the vaccination drive, The containment zone has been lifted for these four villages from 4th July, 2021 in Dongbir, Donggate, Lumiew and Lummaralong.
Gurucharan Vishwas, a class 6 student, has become a millionaire after Rs 905 crore has been deposited in his bank account at Uttar Bihar Rural Bank.
Nongstoiñ, July 3: The Rambrai Jyrngam Assembly Constituency, which has been divided for a long time from the Nongstoin Assembly Constituency, has received only one MDC constituency since the first division. Lyngkhoi was elected as the first MDC from the Hills State People's Democratic Party.
India have earned 4.24 points from five wins and two draws from their nine matches this month in the Intercontinental Cup and SAFF Championship.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle this morning distributed relief goods to a woman who was a victim of a fire at Tuber Kmaishnong village in East Jaintia Hills District.
“The measures taken against Wanpli are for the purpose of maintaining order in the office and also to correct her mistakes but not as alleged in the newspapers.
The only requirement to notify the Governor after the election of a new CEM after the dissolution of the Executive Committee under Rule 22 (2) is the submission of a report to the Governor that the CEM has been elected within hours after the dissolution of the Executive Committee because if the Governor is not notified immediately within 48 hours, the Governor should have appointed the CEM and one or two EMs. I have been elected CEM twice in KHADC and I don't have to wait for the approval from the Governor, but from the Council Hall I was accompanied by the MDCs immediately went to the CEM's room and started working as CEM, which took within 10 hours after the invitation of the Secretary of the EC and Officers; The first step is to send the names of the EMs to the Governor.
In the boys' final, Mawjrong SC beat Khrang Pyllun YC 2-0 with the goals of D. Sohtun and O. Nongkynrih.
Shillong: East Garo Hills District Cricket Association (SAC) on Tuesday beat South Garo Hills DCA in the U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament. seven of the opposing players.
According to the records received from the Ministry of Education, the distribution of food allowances is based on the grade of the students.
There are two reasons why Zacchaeus did not see Jesus.
However, the Government has now decided to establish a good foundation for such trips, reduce the number of trips abroad to only twice and also to submit reports so that there will be no more waste of public money”.
When the forests are destroyed, there will be a spread of various pests that will damage the crops and this will cause many problems to the farmers because they will have to protect the crops with expensive pesticides. poisonous insecticides and this will affect not only the income of the farmers but also the health and all life on Earth.
Bethany Hospital has 58 beds and 51 beds, BSF Hospital has 30 beds and only 8 beds, MIMHANS has 23 beds and 20 beds. has 36 beds, however, 10 have been filled and 26 are still vacant.
However, she said there are places where the people understand and know the importance of Aadhaar number especially those who study abroad and know the relationship of Aadhaar number with public schemes.
He said that the Minister has promised to take action on the issues raised by the party and the Minister has set a date on 10th November, 2023 for a discussion on this issue. .
These courts must be attested by a gazetted officer or they must be accepted at school, college or office.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Phyrnai Langstieh scored the first goal for Lawsohtun SC against Nongrim Hills SC in the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 on Thursday. Shillong Sports Association will play at the SSA Ground, Polo.
The foundation stone of the Revanasiddeshwara Lift Irrigation Scheme has been laid for the distribution of water across the area.
NASA also plans to take Japanese billionaire Yusaku Maezawa to the space station.
The Rotary Club was attended by teachers and students of Jowai Polytechnic.
This is the first time that the tournament has been held and it is planned to be held annually as the 'Elephant Cup'
The Nongpoh MDC recently said in the KHADC House that in Ri-Bhoi there is no tangjait because a non-Khasi woman who lives with a Khasi man becomes a jait.
Other candidates for the UPSC are Idashisha Nongrang IPS 1992 batch and S Narayan Singh IPS 1991 batch.
He said that only 253 households out of 452 households have ration cards.
“The state government on 9th July this year has issued a directive to lift the ban on the use of fertilizers in agriculture and they will go to Delhi to discuss the issue. to deliver these fertilizers to the farmers of the state”.
The failure to punish the judge and perpetrator of this illegal deposit of money into personal accounts and those who misused the money at the Monolith Festival has prompted the MDCs to now seize the money. that they may put it in their own land.
The widespread deforestation will destroy the medicinal plants that can cure many kinds of diseases.
He said that the manufacturing industry has employed 43.31 lakh people and 23.77 lakh people have been involved in manufacturing across the states in the country and this has increased the garment production by 15%. inside the Ri.
In connection with this project, Goldstone Cement Ltd, through Consultant, Aarya Chowdhury, has also received a consultation.
On the price of fertilizers, the government will also assist farmers to pay half the price set by the Ministry of Fertilizer.
These former NPP leaders who have left and joined the UDP are led by Bah Augustine Wahlang, former President of the NPP from Nongpoh and include other leaders including Bah Tiplem Lymphuid. , former General Secretary of the NPP, Dolis Mallai, President Women's Wing, Arvingstone Syiem, President Youth Wings, Ebanesar Shylla, Workong President Youth Wings, Stanwell Manih, Publicity Secretary and many others. even.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) today prepared to install four more automatic payment terminals in Shillong. Shillong and Tura.
On Thursday, the department received a demonstration and explanation on the operation and storage of rice from the Technical Assistant of FCI-FSD Jowai, Bah Darlet Dkhar.
Perhaps it would be better if the Government thought about it.
The KSU, NKHD, initially expressed its strong opposition to the proposal to open this tax collection point. Many of the construction of the 4-lane road is still pending, especially in relation to the delay in the construction of the Umsning By-Pass.
Therefore, it was decided to meet with MP Rakesh Sinha, who is ready to provide assistance to religious organizations or villages in need of funds. .
“We are looking forward to holding this tournament after the completion of various examinations.
And it is on this day that our sins are redeemed. The reason why we call this day Good Friday is because the Death of the Lord is on the first day of the month (Friday) because if we reading from the Word of God tells us that His death was before the Sabbath ().
In Shillong, regarding the march of HITO members, the police have admitted that there are between 50 and 60 HITO members. Gas doesn't give a Stun Grenade bomb?.
“If we do it in Garo, will it cause problems and how can we do it if the officer speaks Khasi and English and cannot understand? we will suffer in public service.
It is learned that although the Syiem had promised to meet with them on Saturday (3rd July) but he did not arrive even though they waited for four hours and when they tried to phone him, the king informed him that he had sent ministers.
Then to pay wages from twelve months to twelve months in a year and to pay each month within the fourteenth day of the month of departure.
Shillong: A man has been shot dead by foreigners in the Golflink area of ​​Golflink, according to a report circulating on social media. for the owners of the city.
“After the Board meeting held on Tuesday, the new name of the club, Mohun Bagan Super Giant (MBSG), will be implemented from July 1, 2023,” the statement said. club.
From the unemployment protests of the Sanla these days and the emergence of the Sengbhalang to demand the government to create jobs, one of the areas that the government needs most is tourism.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) East Khasi Hills District (HANM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the exploitation of many government officers and employees in Shillong. and outside the city, in relation to the people.
Over the past eight years, the number of airports in the region has increased from 9 to 16 and air traffic has increased from about 900 before 2014 to about 1900 now.
The Dorbar Shnong today called an emergency meeting with the village leaders.
Sohmynting took the lead through Meker Suting (21) and Sabahmuswang won the match 90+2 in the last minute through Kerlang. Shylla.
The memorial service was organized by the Dorbar Shnong Nongagang together with the youth of the village. Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region, a group of journalists from Ri Bhoi District and the public.
Even in the midst of this pandemic we are witnessing the forces that are violent, suppressing and forcibly suppressing the voice of the residents demanding income.
Referring to the border talks with the HNLC, Conrad said Modi has expressed his desire for complete peace in Meghalaya.
The district administration will install CCTV cameras at all places where Durga Puja is held to prevent any incident.
In 2016, Bihar had about 9,000 Mandi but in 2020, there are only 1,6
ACHIK invites the public to join in this strike.
The CSWO also urged the youths involved in the insurgent groups to come forward to the peace talks table.
The search is ongoing to identify those who have been in contact with the infected person.
Hrithik is one of those who is considered to have a special power in his personality and appearance, where those who love him are always amazed when they see him in films. that u act.
Roykupar said this while talking to reporters at Sadar police station after being summoned to appear before the police.
“All the office bearers of the Seng Samla have nothing to do with the political parties, but it is those who accuse who are involved, because one of them was the one who lost the ticket in the last election,” said one of the office bearers of the Seng Samla.
Even in Meghalaya, whether it is rights, health, lifestyle and others, the Government of India has looked after all aspects.
Investigation is ongoing to find out the arrival of Rebati Phukan in Shillong. There is also a strong suspicion that someone has kidnapped him. Phukan and take him back to Shillong.
He said that in the difficulties faced by the state, everyone has been struggling but he and the Prime Minister have stood firm, even since the outbreak of COVID-1 , the metor protest, the border issue and others.
The prize is a cash prize and a citation.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Games have started on their second day today.
She said that according to the current knowledge, measures will be taken to implement the authorities in terms of early warning before such incidents happen whether it is lightning or pyrthat. It is also necessary to know in advance the time before the occurrence of a lightning strike to turn off the electricity supply to prevent the risk of lightning strikes in areas where there are no transformers. electricity supply to the public.
Speakers also included the Waheh Shnong of Sonapyrdi, Standing Lamare, SP Lamare, Fr-I Beat Forest Officer, I/C Ratachera Wildlife Beat, M. Syrpuh, Fr. -I, Beat Forest Officer, I/c Sonapur Wildlife Beat, Bah E Suchiang and Bah S. Susngi, who are Fr-I, I/C Khaddum Wildlife Beat.
“The party has also demanded that the government should not allow Assam to implement the Assam Recognition Act 1969 and the North East Recognition Act , the acts which have removed Block I and II from the state,” he said.
Will development be hindered when man's free belief in God is destroyed?
On this occasion, the Meghalaya Excellence Award for Environment Protection was awarded to Bah Tambor Lyngdoh of Dongiewrim Mawphlang Village for his hard work in the protection and preservation of the waters, rivers and environment in the forests of Mawphlang. The syrnod was also presented to the Union of Hima Wah Umiam Mawphlang Welfare Society, Dongiewrim Mawphlang which has formed a group to encourage the people to protect the environment and the environment. that um that wah.
He will be investigated and punished by the ANTF who seized 40 grams of heroin, weighing 10.97 grams, a plastic bag containing 35 empty drugs. , one mobile phone and T.6,3
If the people don't like the NPP party, it's like the Garo party or the AITC party in Kolkata, the MLAs who will win again will die. there is nothing like the death of a dkhiew in the thit.
Nickboy Swer of Mookyrdup scored a hat-trick in the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by WJDSA on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Furthermore, it was found that there was no evidence to prove that Benn had intended to take the WADA-banned drug Clomiphene.
The new government in Mizoram led by the Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) will be sworn in at Raj Bhavan in Aizawl on November 8, reports said on Tuesday.
Most of the Muslims believe in these allegations and most of them reject the BJP. Such allegations will continue in the upcoming elections and in the people who are still lacking insight, they believe these claims too.
After 9 months in prison, Perkinson's disease, which caused my hands to tremble, forced my father to ask for a straw or sip when drinking water or juice.
Members of Alcoholics Anonymous also explained how to avoid the dangers of alcohol abuse.
“In terms of the party, the people have accepted the party but we also need candidates who can win. candidates who will not win in 2023′′.
From the scene, the troops recovered about 70 rounds of AK-47 rifles and unexploded bombs from the scene of the shooting.
He also said that those who talk and call by the name Coronavirus to other people, this too sometimes causes conflict between people just because of our ignorance to use the word that God the Creator has given us.
The way of thinking is more important than the love of the nation because these make a person feel like the owner of that nation wherever he is.
Robin was run-out by Akash Kumar Choudhary before he was caught in front of him.
When asked how he feels about the visit of Pynshngain N Syiem to Delhi to force the Congress leaders to order the state government to pass the Bill, Nongrum said he does not want to. 'but we are waiting for a good harvest,' he said.
He said that in fact, Mukul Sangma should not have known about the shortcomings of the government because the power outage for 13 hours a day has affected the people but he has done nothing.
The old school is also located near the church of the Presbyterian Church Sohkhwai and has had to be relocated to another location. They also said that the village leaders and teachers together with the students have a great desire that the government will create a way for them to get a new school. MLA and education department officials have been able to build a new school building in the village for the benefit of the children to spread education.
The MR has left for Delhi with his elected ministers to ask for T.50,000 crore for the state but it has received only half, and alleged that the receipt of only half shows. clearly the federal government knew that many funds the state received were not being spent.
The landslide occurred while everyone was fast asleep.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : In 2019, the Meghalaya government has implemented a new strategy to monitor the health and care of poor mothers to ensure that they give birth safely to their children. , across the state.
The Chief Executive Officer of the hospital, Dr Ramakanta Panda, who also treated Dr. Manmohan Singh MRD three years ago, said that the decision of the hospital to treat Lalu was taken after the hospital. the 66-year-old has already undergone many tests.
Daniel 11:41.
The Sur ki Mawlai also reminded the demand for the immediate suspension of the two police chiefs who led their team to raid the residence of Bah Che.
Tura, July 19: The Wushu competition in the fourth Meghalaya Games came to an end on Friday.
Nongpoh, Nailur, 27: A mother who went to get her child's medicine at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh was found with bitter bottles and pieces of water (Acklogal-P) while she was trying to give her child a drink. She went to get medicine from the government hospital which can also pose a serious threat to human life especially to children.
Those who do not understand this find it difficult to maintain their own dignity.
“If that time had come, it would have been a great loss if we didn't have any more candidates for the Shillong Seat because there would be only one seat,” said Bah Kynta.
“The VPP's rise will be temporary, and the UDP will regain its strength soon,” said Paul. “We will wait for the outcome of this election and the party will be strengthened from state to district to constituency"
This is like a lie that thanks the people.
After discussions with the Municipal and Urban Department officials, it was decided to set up a Task Force Committee (TFC) to monitor and clean up the Khyndai Lad.
Sunesh said this in an interview with the media, where he said that the selection of 20 full-time players to represent the state, is the responsibility of the office of the He and his coaches have worked hard in the past few months to conduct thorough efforts to find the new talents of the children and also to make the efforts special for them. children who have been represented by the famous sports clubs of the state.
People are suffering from the damage caused by the tsunami, while farmers, company owners, traders are suffering and earning tens and hundreds of billions of rupees from the suffering of the people.
Revelation 13:14, The Beast: refers to a dictatorship who is a man of sin.
In his speech, Bah Jistarland expressed his hope that the youth across the Rambrai area will be willing to serve the Rambrai area through the FKJGP. honest, courageous and fighting spirit for the good of the community.
The reason for the one-day closure is on the demand to open all shops every day from 10 am to 5 pm.
Furthermore, Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya is one of the great platforms to raise awareness about the needs of the society and the well-being within the society.
Police have also completed the legal requirements and postmortem.
This is their household chore, I don't want to interfere but I request them to support me and other political parties,” he said.
Even to pass through Nagaland, ILP is needed, especially for me as a Khasi Tribal.
So they went to the sons of Shipiah.
Sacred Heart Football Academy beat Challenger Football Academy 11-0 in the UNDER tournament this afternoon. -10 (Boys) Football League 2023 will be held at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
In the magic, now everyone has gone there, like a niangthang doh.
Speakers at the meeting included Range Forest Officer Wildlife, Jowai, Bah Shanbor Law and others.
The JSU has warned other foreigners and village leaders not to take advantage or issue No Objection Certificate (NoC) or any certificate to foreigners.
On this occasion, there was also a tree planting program led by the students of the school with the participation of those involved.
Leaders of the Scheduled Caste (SC) of Garo Hills have sent a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to request for a 5% share in government jobs for their members.
In this regard, the Committee invites all the youth of the Bri u Hynniewtrep, especially the members of various units of the KSU to come forward and join hands. The KSU has expressed its responsibility for the country and the nation by participating as candidates in this election.
There is no question how the NHAI has allowed the contractor of the government to repair the Bailey Bridge like the one at Byrni which was built in 1920 and in the 1990s was built with Dewbilat.
Otherwise, the Days are near; in fact, they have already begun, that the whole land will be taken over by a few rich indigenous peoples.
All the 15 players selected for the NEZ are local players.
For the purpose of drinking milk, it is at the discretion of the Rangbah Dong.
“I am one of those who have learned from schools in the rural areas and I am like this because there are such schools,” he said.
Besides, no group from Assam has demanded and sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam with a complete map for these areas which have already been signed. The names of the villages as in the Langpih sector.
Mynsngat Khanduli MDC Dawan Lyngdoh has urged the district authorities to expedite the distribution of food aid to the rural areas, as many of the households do not have enough food to feed their children. and they could not go out to the houses of the shopkeepers to ask them to open shops to buy food.
“This division of constituencies has shown that this has been done only for the benefit of the MDCs in the Executive Committee,” said Lakiang.
The MGSPHSVA also reminded that after the Parliamentary Standing Committee of the Legislative Assembly on Housing and Urban Affairs has investigated why Meghalaya has not implemented the Act of the Government of India, or whether (Protection of livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending) Act 2014.
At the same time, he invited the youth to come forward to register and take part in the elections of the leaders in the state.
More than 100 supporters of the NPP, INC and other parties who joined the UDP were welcomed by the MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ. On this occasion, the MLA/MDC also confirmed the office bearers of the UDP Ranikor Zonal Unit from the Parent Body, Women's Wing and Youth Wing. UDP Ranikor Primary Unit and Pamdaba Primary Unit from Parent Body, Women's Wing and Youth Wing.
If the petrol that comes with the ethanol mixed with water and whatever happens there will be water here and there,” he said.
Because in other districts where there is coal, they don't have the same opportunities as in Maweit, because the people are still lagging behind and don't want to speak out against or speak out for their rights.
U Bah Sounder on this occasion also spoke on two important issues, one related to the social welfare as the Khaddar rule in the villages has deteriorated to a great extent. There is a mistake in the thinking of the world where many evils have begun to spread and now there is an urgent need for true leaders who can bring good.
In the last pre quarter match, Mulang Ialong beat Luti tuber Ialong 2-0 goals. Chalet Phawa scored the first goal for Mulang Ialong in the 53rd minute and S. Pale in the 57th minute.
“Initially our area was backward and the people were very poor.
Common Salt is 1270 tyngka to 1400 tyngka.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, said that the government has taken measures to fight against the insurgents but it cannot be disclosed here.
Food is the most important thing for the human body and without food there is no life.
Asst secretary: Victorson Lamare.
He said that Meghalaya has passed a similar Act in 2005 and through this Act, it has appointed 17 MLAs as Parliamentary Secretaries and these include Ma Coming One. Ymbon, Parliamentary Secretary, Mining and Geology, Soil and Water Conservation, Samuel M.Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary of Home Guards and Civil Defence, Housing, Limison D.Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary of Transport, Commerce and Industries, Winnerson D. Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary of Home (Police), Education, Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary of Tourism, Arts and Culture, Cherak W.Momin, Parliamentary Secretary of Public Works Department (Roads), Brigady Marak, Parliamentary Secretary of Agriculture , Public Works Department(Buildings), U Sengnam Marak, Parliamentary Secretary of Health and Family Welfare, Fisheries, U Rophul S.Marak, Parliamentary Secretary i/c Community and Rural Development, Information and Public Relation, U Robinus Syngkon, Parliamentary Secretary, i/c Horticulture, Legal Metrology, Micheal T.Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary i/c Excise, Justine Dkhar, Parliamentary Secretary of Education, i/c Social Welfare, Ashahel D.Shira, Parliamentary Secretary i/c of ​​Water Resources , U Stephanson Mukhim, Parliamentary Secretary i/c Sports and Youth Affairs, Cooperation, U Celestine Lyngdoh, Parliamentary Secretary i Agriculture, Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, U Noverfield R.Marak, Parliamentary Secretary i/c Public Urban Health Engineering , U Marthon Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary of Forest and Environment, Information Technology.
The leaders within our society who cannot receive training at any time if the price is right are struggling.
but it is you in the truth who have led me to meet him.
They even treat women and children with long hands.
At the same time, he said that the government does not care about the farmers but when the elections approach, even the villagers who don't have farms get assistance under the farmers scheme, those who don't raise pigs get the assistance. but when they had brought them into the house, all the swine died.
Ardent in his speech said that the backwardness in the state is due to the fact that the people do not understand their power to elect their legislators and that the election of legislators is often based on the receipt of money from the candidates. He said that what the party believes is that only a clean election of leaders and a system free from the use of money to win elections is the answer to the problems of the state. The VPP has sent a letter to the public.
Nongpoh, June 28: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District has enforced Section 144 CrPC against any person to prevent the disruption of the movement of the people and also the blockage of the water supply system. , companies or individuals to dump shyiap, stones and building materials along the road in Ri-Bhoi District, in accordance with the Construction and Demolition Waste Management Rule , Forest and Climate Change.
There is no wisdom anywhere to hide yourself, those who follow will find, those who find will not listen, to the deceitful, not corrupt, you think to eat the sin of deceit, you will escape, the end , it shall be a shame, the eyes shall be bright with evil, the heart shall be broken, when the four rishot in power, small or large, in the village, in the kingdom or in the state .
Kharkrang said that the vehicle driven by Bah Jaslakur was suspicious, especially the Z Plus Category vehicle. A case has been registered against him under 307 IPC. He said that police are conducting investigation into the incident to find out whether it was done with intent to harm the Prime Minister who is under heavy surveillance. “If it happens, who will instigate the driver to do so?” said Bah Kharkrang.
The party also announced that it will hold a meeting to form its units on the 4th July at Moolber, East Jaintia Hills.
Our goal is to develop young athletes and to appear in domestic competitions.
Bah Balajied also expressed his regret over the non-inclusion of MLAs as members of the DMF despite having better knowledge of the schemes to be implemented in the district.
“We urge the people to pay the electricity bill exactly, so that the government will not face any problems,” he said.
Russia has fired 250 missiles at Ukraine today, the US Defense Department said.
Why? Because the father (God) has committed these things to the son (Jesus).
Bah Bolatmaitshapharang1984@gmail.comI am concerned about the statement of the CEM of KHADC that those who give jait to their father should change their jait immediately within three months, otherwise they will lose their Khasi (Scheduled Tribe) status.
Ajuli Brahma helped Assam to beat Sikkim by 10 goals in the 45'+2 minute. Sikkim, however, turned the tide in the second half when Simran Gurung, who also won the woman of the match, turned the tide in the 71st minute. ).
At the meeting held in November, 2014, the Government estimated that the cost of sending VRS to the employees of the Board at T.7,71,86,1
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has won the mid-term elections in Bhawanipur by 58,832 votes.
In the United States, the number of cases of covid-19 has risen sharply in recent days, with 60,020 new cases on Tuesday, the report said.
The players, the Traditional Shad Groups and the crowd who were waiting for the balloons to mark the opening of the Meghalaya Games were shocked when they heard that the organizer of the event sent to turn on the microphone again and saw that the President was standing again.
“It doesn't mean that I hate these residents but in fact I feel sorry for them and their way of life, which has been cleansed.
At present, Meghalaya is leading in this regard among other states in the North East with 489 health centers which have been electrified by solar energy.
He also urged the people not to be afraid and to follow the notices issued by the government.
““Greater than that wealth accumulated from corruption is the basis of justice. Even if we earn 100 crore, the house is 100 crore richer than 10 crore,” said Kong Aibandaplin.
“I have no idea that there is such an attempt.
Shillong: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, together with the Ministers of the Hima, today said that since the Hima issued the order regarding the kilo cut in 2019, the Hima has not received any more kilos. complaint about this kilogram.
In the election manifesto, released today, the BJP has also promised to provide rice at the price of 10 tyngka per kilo to any household that does not have its own household. will eliminate traffic jam in Aizawl within three years and then also remove the potholes on the roads within six months.
When asked about the IED bomb detonation by the HNLC on the 4th of this month at the gate of the NPP office and the IED detonation at Laitumkhrah market on the 10th of this month, he said: Naitung Ardent said the government needs to strengthen the security forces and increase the number of security forces to curb such attempts to detonate IED bombs in Shillong.
On the final day, the audience will be able to witness the performances of former members of Boyzone – Ronan Keating, Jonas Blue, Lou Majaw, Blue Temptation, Da Minot, Nokpante, Rhem, Favian, Wanjop Sohkhlet, Banrap, Young Nate, Meban, Quills, Lamphrang and Toshan.
Jowai, July 15 : The Demthring Sports Club has congratulated Givenson Suting, who left his home and village this morning to join Bengaluru FC. the Academy.
concluded Bah Klein.
They also criticized the government for not taking action when the teachers who are taking the examination face problems, especially as it is a program sent by the government.
President Robertjune Kharjahrin and General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said that as of now, it has been witnessed that the performance of the Directorate of Infiltration is not as expected by the people.
The FOCUSS will discuss with the Central Government regarding Paragraph 14 (a) of the Sixth Schedule and Article 280 of the Constitution which provides for the direct allocation of funds to the ADCs from the Central Government.
Without good food, medicine and breathing exercises to strengthen my body, I don't think I would have recovered.
In the fire, although it caused damage to property and livestock, fortunately no casualties were reported.
At the same time, the synjuk urges the residents of Bri u Hynniewtrep that if there is any mistake or incompleteness in any matter, they should not take the law into their own hands but should hand it over to the authorities. the law.
The Minister said that climate change is one of the reasons that has led to the collapse of many water wells, which has led to water shortage.
In 2012, four months before the 2013 elections, Chief Minister Mukul formed the ILP Committee in which he appointed me as Chairman. Other leaders include Bah GP Wahlang, Bah Toki Blah (retired IAS), Dr BS Yiem Hima Khyrim and others.
Another reason is that many drivers don't want to carry pla khung and this has forced the people to come to the market.
During the day and night guards were posted to protect and patrol the tents and guards were asked to keep a watchful eye.
Don't be a hero because you suffered from your parents plus you were hit by the Khasi police.
“After the clashes between the Pnars and Karbi, the two Chief Ministers (Conrad Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma) have met twice and the Deputy Chief Ministers, DCs and SPs of West Karbi Anglong have met four times. and West Jaintia Hills have already met.
All this is due to the lack of a plan by the government, which has turned away as soon as it faces problems.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U RM Shabong, Editor & Publisher of Rupang, today said that he is ready to handle any dispute between Julius Dorphang and Adelbert Nongrum. .
These women policemen were honored today at a small and meaningful ceremony at Sadar Police Station.
For example, only for the mystery work, when carrying out any of the heavier jobs, foreigners have to be brought in because of the difficulties faced by the young people who have been trained to work even in these jobs.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: As the election of the new leaders approaches, the preparations of the Election Commission of India (ECI) have intensified. They have carried their equipment to stay overnight at the more remote Polling Stations to prepare for the counting of votes on Tuesday next month.
The state salary of ASHA workers and assistants is 1500 tyngka and 500 tyngka per month, respectively, and this has been increased to 3,000 and 1,000 tyngka.
In the women's 55 kg category, Parkles T.Lyngkhei (NEHU) came first, Daphinia Kurkalang (St.Mary's College) came second and Jasmine Synrem (St.Mary's College) came third.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has ordered the drivers of tourist taxis operating in different parts of the district to follow the rules and regulations and not to charge the price according to the wishes of the passengers. I'm going to Jowai and I'm going to Jowai.
The applicants for the PMEGP scheme have been selected by the District Task Force Committee appointed by the Governor.
No casualties were reported, no casualties were reported.
This booklet tells a story that helps to understand the superstitions about blood donation and urges the residents of Ri Bhoi District to come forward to donate blood for the good of the community.
I will not call it the Retrospective Method, because there is nothing in the Reservation Policy or the order of the Meghalaya High Court about the Retrospective Method.
This incident has put the residents especially the women and children at risk.
He was arrested and detained by locals for his criminal activities," police said.
“This land will be given to the SMB and the SMB will do whatever is necessary when negotiating with the employees of the Board.
The incident took place at Krishnai in Goalpara district.
“This gate will not only please the residents of the area but also the tourists because if anything happens it will be easier to track them,” said Ribokstar.
These Rangbah were also very sorry for what had happened.
The Parish Priest was not present at the time of the incident.
The incident happened on the 5th of June.
He said that the Toll Gate in Ri-Bhoi and Lumshnong EJH have not collected taxes from the vehicles of the owners of these districts. Ialong/Pasy.
Shillong: Members of the Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (SKJCLF) have passed away on 15/04/2 .
The election of Chairman was held after the resignation of Finelyness Bareh MDC Rymbai from July
The JNC (JNC) has met with the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, to discuss the issue of the Jaintia Phonetic Alphabet (JNC). to ask for clarification on this matter on Tuesday.
For this reason, the dorbar, which was held on 28th June 2014 at Umkiang, the people have decided that they will not be harassed by the Government officers and will not talk to the DC EJH even if they are invited to talk. .
“The people of India have chosen unity, strength and a new India and my government will work hard to achieve the expectations of the 125 crore citizens in the country. Ri" he said more and more.
Media reports said that at present, the upheaval within the UDP is not only among the MDCs, but also among the senior leaders and there has also been a difference of opinion among the MLAs of the party.
The two doctors were arrested after receiving a complaint from a patient identified as Pynshailang Kurbah, 30 years old from Paltan Bazar.
Yeibha went to Chiboon's house.
And many of the young Lyngngam people now don't know even this short story I have told.
Daniel 9:27 / Matthew 24:21.
She said that if she doesn't get a ticket from the HSPDP, she will not contest the election because she doesn't want the HSPDP to fight because of her. The HSPDP is right.
In the last match, Bhutan beat Bhutan 3-0
“We have to find out the reasons, whether from the leaders, the financial authorities or other authorities,” he said.
Shillong, June 21: The Government has invited a tender for the construction of an 8400 square meter landfill at Marten.
“All these arrested persons have confessed to their involvement in kidnapping and robbery,” said GHP Raju.
Bah Biam said that if the government has to take money for the construction of a large shop, then what will be the problem to find money to buy a place to dump garbage and others. machines, which are needed to clean up the waste.
Speaking to the media, these MLAs and MDCs, besides extending their greetings to all the people in the district, many of them also extended their special greetings to Dr.DD Lapang, who has been a member of the District. One of the founders of Ri Bhoi District, all the MLAs and MDCs in Ri Bhoi District, also gave a special thanks to the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District, from the DC, SP and others. all officials from various ministries.
The audition for Miss Meghalaya 2019 will be held on the 2nd June 2019 at the Youth Hostel, Shillong at 11 am.
Dorin Sohklet, from Sohra, said that in these days of protests, the income of the people has decreased.
The school authorities should also be surprised from now on as the traffic jam will reach the point where the students will have to leave two hours early, especially during the examination.
The Seng strongly condemns this action of the Meghalaya government which said that it has caused problems to the Khasi Pnar people living in the Khasi villages in Labang Nongphyllut Block I, when they have been attacked by others. pat that nation.
The HYC said that it has been monitoring the illegal trade for a long time and today it has received evidence that the truck did not come to unload the goods at the shop. proper documentation.
He said that in the years when the scheme was running well, the people did not lack jobs during the day and did not need to go to other distant places to look for jobs. The MNREGS scheme has also benefited especially those who have their own Job cards.
The Israeli army said the three Palestinian militants first opened fire on the army when their vehicle was passing through Nablus. The fighting ended after the death of the three Palestinian militants in the area.
She said that the cost for the renovation of the OT and other rooms is 70 lakh tyngka.
The Meghalaya Games 2022 was inaugurated by RV Suchiang at the Indoor Training Hall, SAI, NEHU on Thursday (6-5-2022). Depp has been in the midst of a lawsuit between the couple since 2018 after Heard publicly revealed that she was one of the victims of domestic violence, torture and death threats. of her husband in which she prays as a protection for her life from behind by the Power of God.
The Secretary of the club, Freddy Kharpran, said that the club will not take part in the tournament this season.
U.P School, Nongkhlaw, Mawsaw Govt.
Because in the Khasi custom, when there is a marriage ceremony between the children, the Kni is the chief to arrange the marriage of the children. .
In Group A, Umrit will play against Mawlai at 3:00 pm in Shillong, while in Jowai, Group B will play against Mulait United. In Group C, Shillong Lajong will play against Pyndengrei at 3:00 pm and in Group D, Tura will play against Selsella Sports. Association against Chipakkore at 3:00 pm.
These items include a computer, table tennis, carom boards, kitchen utensils, 150 chairs, two syntex and other necessities of the community hall.
However, if Kennedy leaves the party, we will get other leaders,” said Congress leader and Mylliem MDC, Bah RV Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The former President of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) who is also a Member of Parliament on his visit to Shillong on Tuesday said that the Congress party will stand to protect the country. The BJP-RSS party intends to attack the rights, customs and traditions and other issues that will affect the rights of the people of the country and the states as well.
On the other hand, Prof. Shukla said he had already explained the appointment of Rohit Prasad in a meeting with the media last month.
Guwahati, Nailar 7: A protest against the census of Gorkhas in Assam in the National Citizenship Register (NCR) has reached Dispur on Tuesday. in which 3,000 Gorkhas took part.
“This road is only 238 meters long and is small but a great service.
When the farmers who cannot sell their produce and vegetables due to the lockdown, the government has been very concerned and has had to stop by parking vehicles. 1917 items to all places and villages from urban to rural areas.
As the post of Chairman has become vacant, the Deputy Chairman has announced to elect a new Chairman of the Council on the same day.
More than 37 lakh e-challans were issued in 2021, while in 2022, there were 33 lakh e-challans issued in the amount of T .159.4 crore.
We as the people should understand that if this happens all the young people who have the ability to be leaders to serve the people will run away because there is no money to contest the election and it will come. The time has come for the leadership to serve the people to become an exclusive club of the wealthy businessmen. This is a sad thing for the future of our children. The people should understand and think carefully.
Don't take people home when you find them, because the basianti have many tricks (Sir 11:29), like khaitpohjar kadaitpohja to throw the symbuidsohksai into the body of every Hynniewtrep woman who has sex with him.
In East Khasi Hills, several landslides occurred on the 28th of this month at Kench's Trace, Mawlai Bypass, Tyrsad Road and Lower Lumparing, causing heavy damage and injuries.
The union informed the police who took him to Shillong Civil Hospital.
Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh said that such a demand is not good to make, and the capital of the state is only Shillong.
According to the source, these applicants have directly met with the members of this family, where they have confirmed that they have sold land to the members of Prasad's family in a low price that was many times the price of the land.
Shillong, July 17: About 55,423 voters have been registered on the electoral roll of the state for the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections.
“This road should have been opened to the public immediately but because there is an order from the court on the allegation that I (Bah Samlin) have misused the money and I have fought against it. case and I have won against those who have lodged a complaint against me,” said Bah Samlin.
They said that Bah Speshon Sylliang used to belong to the Kur Palit, but they don't know how he became a member of the Kur Sylliang. you Raid Sohkhwai.
Speaking to media at the party headquarters in Mawkyrwat, u Bah Lambokstar Marweiñ said that as HANM together with its members stand firm on a strong foundation to, “Ong em ia Uranium mining” even though the Government of India is still trying to create the means to mine uranium within the South West Khasi Hills District.
I don't think we have yet fully understood public administration.
Shillong, Iaiong 7: The registration of 8 persons from Lyngkhat village has been discussed only with the Sengbhalang, the district authorities, nothing has been heard, what the villagers have to say. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has summoned these eight candidates from Lyngkhat village.
DDG, NE, LSA will conduct a consultation with those who wish to set up jobs under this section of PM-WANI in the first month of November,
Nongpoh, Nailur 18 : A team of government officials together with MLAs and MDCs of Ri Bhoi District today defeated the Pastors of KJP Synod Sepngi in a charitable football friendly match at Umroi Stadium. KJP Synod Sepngi, Ri-Bhoi Zone Pastors' Assembly to raise funds for the 100th Anniversary of Dr.H Gordon Roberts Hospital There is no treatment in this state.
The court also ordered to pay compensation of T.3 lakh to the family members of the victim.
Shillong, July 25: Thousands of foreign workers have fled Garo Hills after five foreign workers were shot dead by robbers on Tuesday.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, MP candidate from the NPP, while speaking at the meeting, said that she will go to Parliament through a small door because it is no longer possible to enter through the big doors. “So I will enter through the door in the office of the Prime Minister and all the ministers to tell them “I don't want to be in a party that talks only about the name of the President, I thank the NPP for not defaming me, I don't have any gold or silver to give and I don't need that, I promise only hard work that I will give at all times and let time tell, as you say. I'm sorry but my mind is stronger than ever to stand up and rise and work hard because without hard work I can't reach anywhere" she said. added.
“We will write to all the offices of the Deputy Commissioners of the four districts from East Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District, South West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West District and West Khasi Hills District not to accept anyone. “It's a good idea to have a Kur of the Jait Khasi or to convert it to another Jait Khasi through an Affidavit,” said the CEM. Only by an affidavit will it affect and destroy the identity of the Jaidbynriew and will also lead to confusion and bloodshed in the future.
Sixthly, each kur should protect and promote its daughters, to protect and uphold their rights even if they marry outside the Jaitbynriew.
This came earlier this year after the Central Government sent the G20 Dinner Invitation of President Droupadi Murmu under the title “President of India” instead of “President of India”. President of India”.
In a statement, Amita Sangma congratulated the doctors and staff of NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Ialong Civil Hospital Jowai, the staff of 108, the State Government, The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Meghalaya Police, church groups, journalists who helped her to survive on that tragic day of 8th November
The UDP, which is allied with the MDA-2 government led by the National People's Party (NPP), has also introduced a reservation policy in its recent election campaign. you policy.
Such activities can forewarn a potentially cautious public.
The distribution of medicines started from Byrnihat, where Bah Sosthenes Sohtun and Bah Victor Ranee, took part in the distribution of medicines on the road. in more crowded areas and to Khanapara.
We are very sorry that in our Khasi Hills we don't have such groups or organizations which have been established and managed properly.
Speaking at the meeting at Jrisalein Square, Chutwakhu, the Divisional Forest Officer, Wildlife Division, Kong H Lato urged the people to refrain from the use of plastic when buying food and drinking water from plastic polluting the rivers. gather.
Promi Tariang scored the first goal for Ladrymbai Dongwah SC in the 8th minute.
We will build a six-bed dispensary in Shillong,” he said.
“In Meghalaya, it has reached more than T.7,000 crore and the goal is to provide water to all the villages and every household in Meghalaya,” said Renikton.
“There will always be those who have argued.
Tura, Naitung 04 : A cow thief from Assam, who was stealing two cows from Garo village in West Garo Hills, has been shot dead by the mob on Tuesday night.
When they entered Egypt there were only 70 people, when they left Egypt there were tens of thousands – this is the word of God.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ardent said that his protest to demand a change in the Reservation Policy is because the government has refused to listen to the party's suggestions.
As it turns out, the country's athletes have been able to showcase their skills at the Asian Games, where they won the gold medal in 1951 and continued in
This is not limited to the cities as innovation and start ups are empowered by Tier 2 Tier and 3 cities.
According to her, the nurse ANMs have passed before they go to study nursing.
He said that in the past five years we have seen many protests like Them Metor, CAB, CAA, ILP and two years of Covid-19 besides the turmoil in the former KHNAM. and I have not given the future of my children for silver or money.
He also alleged that when Conrad was Finance Minister of the state government led by Dr. Donkupar Roy, the UDP, NPP-BJP coalition government had “The 2018 elections are the end of the NPP, I will bury Dadengre and Songsak too,” he said.
“The central government has not enforced the AFSPA in Chattisgarh and Jharkhand where the law and order situation has been very poor compared to the North East.
The Co-opted Members of the Commission include Dr. CAR Diengdoh, Rev. CDC NEHU, Shillong, Dr. Vanessa Kharmawphlang, Rev. Principal, CTE (PGT) Shillong; Nikme Salt Ch.
The National Commission for Women (NCW) has strongly condemned the allegation by PC George, the only MLA in Kerala, against a nun in Kerala, that she is a prostitute. She has alleged that Bishop Franco Mullackal, of Jalandhar, has raped her 13 times since
Sisodia's lawyer Dayan Krishnan said during the hearing that keeping him in custody or detaining him for investigation would not bring any results because there had been changes. in relation to the event.
Thus, he alone has won five times, while in the first five times he has won three times - Humphrey Nongrum (1972), Bakstar Wanniang (1978 and 1983) and Probin Kharaswai (1988 and 1993).
“Because in our meeting with the Chief Minister as well as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, They have promised that the work will start in June or the first month of July, but until now the work has not started,” said Bah Amse in a letter to the Deputy Commissioner.
The celebration of the Silver Jubilee began with a prayer service where the Office bearers, members and delegates of the District Youth Assembly and the guests were welcomed to the celebration of the Silver Jubilee.
Kishor Bhowmik tied 24 runs from 28 balls and Soumyadeep Dey tied 24 runs from 40 balls.
After the march, a short meeting was held conducted by CTAJHU Vice President Pherik Ïalih in the presence of FKJGP Vice President Danny Shadap, CTAJHU Secretary Arbihlang Suchiang and more than 50 contract teachers. from both the districts of East and West Jaintia Hills.
The HSPDP leader said that the HSPDP party does not have wealth and does not have a shortcut to win the election, but it only has to explain to the people that when they vote they should remove their feelings. but to allow the power of reason and understanding to rule over them and there they can choose a candidate or leader who will lead them to the good.
“This project was funded through the Central Government but was inaugurated by the Prime Minister without explaining the condition of the land.
But he said his son told him he saw someone get shot on the beach.
According to the Chairman of the JAC, the group of students has already sent a petition to the MHRD and the Government of India on 15th July, 2014 but no one has responded. The JAC today sent a petition to the Government of India and MHRD, including the Prime Minister, the President of India and the Chairman of the UGC for hearing. this is their claim.
Under – 17 Years (Boys) – those born on or before 1st July
She also urged and encouraged everyone to donate blood to help others when they are sick and in urgent need of blood.
Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President HYC Mawlai Circle in his opening speech expressed his gratitude to God the Creator who has been with the organization for the past four years, and we have tried to provide the best service. he paid the bri.
They have lodged a complaint with the police, but the two men have been granted bail by the District and Session Judge/Additional Session Judge before being arrested.
These churches are not willing to fight against politics which is filled with corruption, deceit, lies to deceive the people with false promises just to get votes and win elections.
However, there must be a way to resolve this and the government must take utmost care so that the future of the children will not be miserable.
If no one comes to work according to the stipulated time, the body will be cleaned according to the rules of law.
Jowai, March 25: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) today held a public hearing on the application of Ms. Adhunik Cement Ltd. of Thangskai to mine coal from the purchased mine. 4.90 hectares of land located at Umsoo-Motang, Thangskai.
The special ceremony of 'Ku Tyngkong' by Pator Raymond Nartiang - Pator of the Raij Jowai was conducted at Yung Langdoh Ri Blai by the Langdoh together with Langdoh Kongwasan in the presence of Pa Dalloi of Jowai District, Waheh Puramon Kynjin. Langdoh Tuber and Langdoh Ialong are also religious servants of the Sooraij Soo Langdoh.
In the Men's Double, Chirag and Gitchiak were defeated by Lalrinmawma and Laldintluanga Tlau of Mizoram.
Residents of Rangblang Pombriew Market South West Khasi Hills District have been shocked to learn that a fire broke out in one of the houses in the market. caught fire.
Reela lyngdoh (mother) Shri.Rikut parent (husband) Miss.
“It's like we have sons and daughters, the sons if they get married they have to leave while other men who live with the daughters come to our house, the sons when they get married “If they don't leave, we have to expel them,” said Khyriem, who is also the President of the Congress in East Khasi Hills.
He also suggested that more meetings should be held especially with those of larger companies like NHPC, NTPC or SECI to make full use of this strategy for the benefit of the state from the beginning. before from state government offices.
There are only a few parts of the country that can generate electricity from niamra, two of which are the eastern parts of Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim.
Shillong: U Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on 17th November, while speaking to reporters on the FOCUS scheme, said that this is a scheme, not a scheme. a loan taken from the Bank.
Samla Kharkamni said that the party is not against the demarcation of the border but the party is against the welcoming of the villages of Meghalaya to Assam by forcibly preparing and completing the procedures for the demarcation of the border without proper consideration. This is a great loss especially to the residents and paradoh parasnam who live in the border areas and this puts the people in darkness and as the party will not hold hands but to be with the people shall not receive it by other means.
If anyone can explain anything else, I don't mind because it's just a traditional story.
Lening Star Rymbai, President of the Central Body, said that the government's decision to remove the tax gate has prompted the union to leave for Khanduli today. rely on the government within the next month to resolve this demand.
She wants to continue her acting career along with completing her studies.
This seminar is on the subject, “Institutions, Politics and Political Processes in Fifth and Sixth Schedule Regions of India”.
The book includes a letter from Mother Teresa to Prime Minister Morarji Desai in 1979, on her government's intention to fight against freedom of worship, which was proposed in the Lok Sabha by MP O.P.Tyagi.
She said that let peace come to rule in order to bring about economic development in all aspects.
Shillong: There are 1.33 crore Hindu citizens in Bangladesh and if only 15 of them come to Bangladesh, the Chairman of the North East Student Organization (NESO) Samuel Jyrwa on Tuesday said that there are 1.33 crore Hindus in Bangladesh. too, our minority nation has been oppressed and we will become minorities in our own state.
Shillong, Nailur 5: Amidst the heated debate within the Congress party, which has also demanded a change of leadership in the state government, there has been a strong suspicion that the Congress leader in charge of the In this state, Luinzinho Faleiro, who is not a member of the National Assembly.
However, the ruling MLAs sat on their seats without saying a word except Ronie V Lyngdoh who stood up to oppose the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
I want to go with you.
Nineteen police chiefs have been dismissed under the order issued on the 13th of this month.
Shillong, Naitung, 03: The students who passed the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) examination under the umbrella of the Meghalaya MTET Qualified Association (MTET) on Tuesday demanded that the The recruitment of vacant posts in Lower and Upper Primary Schools throughout the State should be expedited.
The Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has funded the road through a Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT). which shall continue until the end of the term as a social agreement.
The point that comes to my mind is that in 2020, I have lost two close friends, Bah V Nongsiej, Editor Kynjat Shai and now Bah Lambok Thabah. 2020, is the year, which shocks the house of journalists, besides being already an ordinary house.
Speaking to reporters, Prof SP Singh Baghel said that Ri-Bhoi District is one of the aspirational districts which has improved in all aspects and especially in the field of ranked 5th in the country.
The Enforcement Inspectors, who are present at the bridge, to comply with the government's order to curb the overloading of stone trucks smuggled to Bangladesh, have fined the overloaded stone trucks. 9 tonnes because the NGT order is to transport within 9 tonnes.
KHNAM has said that it will not accept the government's introduction of an ordinance or legislation by the state government related to the VAB. She said that the legislative powers and authority of the KHADC have been empowered under the 6th Scheduled, and alleged that this shows the disrespect of the Congress party for the Legislative Assembly of the District Councils.
The SP, who rushed to the scene, did not say whether it was a petrol bomb, but said that it was a shisha bomb. Chief.
People who play pubg are stupid.
They also demanded that the Prime Minister (PM) should uphold the dignity of the country and should show that India is still an independent country and respects the rights of women. and the citizens and that the country still stands on the foundation of righteousness and truth.
In a statement to the media, the President of the party, Bah Ardent, said that the MDA government's temporary suspension of the work of these Investigating Officers of the State Lokayukta is to protect the NPP MLAs who involved in corruption.
“We have set up a Joint Action Committee between KJDSTA and GHDTEA that if the government does not take action on our demands within 14 days, both the organizations will hold more protests. hard".
It is to be recalled that u Doloi Lyngngong is one of the longest serving Doloi who has been in office since 1964 which has now reached about 50 years.
It may be recalled that many candidates have come forward to express their willingness to contest from the VPP in this MDC election and in many constituencies many candidates have come forward.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the Chief Secretary has already monitored the disaster.
Shillong: The residents of Marbisu-Mawngap area and surrounding villages have been shocked by the storm yesterday, after the crops were destroyed.
Everyone needs to accept the loving call of the Holy Spirit of God.
The final round will be played from 6 to 26 January
Although Meghalaya has been the center of education in the Eastern Region, especially Shillong which has been famous since the time of Assam Province, but the Meghalaya government in the last 38 years has not been able to improve the quality of education. but many of the government schools/colleges, deficit have been built since the time of Assam and perhaps for this reason in 1994 the Rupang has reported that the education level has declined due to the low salary of teachers in Meghalaya.
When I told him, he said, 'Oh shato! Do you remember that the storm came to that town? I'm from Marwari, I'm going to send you a truck.
“In Shillong, only the Bethany Society is the best school.
The government records show that in 2014, the government provided equipment assistance to sying farmers T.37.50 lakh, in 2015 T.12 lakh and in 2016 only T.15 lakh.
Nongstoiñ: After the District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T.Lyngwa announced that the lockdown will be lifted on Monday, July the influx of people from all over the country to pay taxes.
He alleged that if it is a true boundary settlement, they should include the Daloi, Village Chiefs and others “but there is no such thing, they are fighting among themselves”.
In other states and countries of the world, prominent businessmen like Tata and Birla, Azim Premji and others have made a great contribution to the development of society.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that those who have reached the age of 18 years and have been vaccinated twice for more than nine months can take the vaccine. .
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday submitted a letter to the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. LR Bishnoi to inform him about the recent violence against the Khasi. -Pnars living on the border with Karbi Students Association (KSA) in Karbi Anglong District, Assam.
Thus it is a common practice in America to cross between two races, so that the children born from this cross are better and stronger than their parents.
Witting said that the salary set of teachers has caused many problems to their families especially now that it is the school year and it is also the time to buy books for their children. their hands.
In a statement, the Governor said that journalists have played an important role in preserving the constitution of democracy in the country through providing information, educating the people and that is why the reason is that they have the right to be called the fourth Païa of democracy.
It refers to the saying: 'As you sow, so shall you reap' (Gal.6:7).
The wholesale price at Sonapur Oil Agency will be T 78.15 tyngka and the retail price at Sonapur Oil Agency will be T
Hek hoped that the government would be able to build the hospital within 36 months.
Most of the small villages are located on the slopes of the hills while the farmland is in the valleys and hillsides, such as Laitkynsew, Mawsmai, Nongthymmai, Thangkarang, Lait Tyra, Mawmluh and Kutmadan. , Nongjri, Umniuh Tmar, Mawkliaw, Tangmang, Nongla, Skutia, Ladpyngud, Khlieh-Umlang, Mawblang and others.
The demands for Garoland have escalated after the central government decided to create a state for Telangana.
Both cases are decided according to their own opinion.
On the other hand, Rupesh Gowala, General Secretary of the Assam Chah Mazdoor Sangha (ACMS), said that Modi used to claim to be a tea seller, but he did nothing to them. million slasha farmers in the last four years in Government.
On the other hand, Tripura Chief Minister Manik Saha said that it is a great honor for the state that the former Indian cricketer has accepted the offer made to him by the government of Tripura. the state.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District today expressed its strong opposition to the government's plan to reopen the Iewduh and Khyndai Lad.
“The Kerala Legislative Assembly has approved a resolution opposing the Central Government's unilateral and urgent action to introduce the Uniform Civil Code (UCC),” Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said.
Shillong, July 21: U Bah I Marbaniang, General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) State Unit, Shillong, has sent his resignation letter to the President of the National People's Party (NPP). of NPP Meghalaya State Unit.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, has handed over a letter to the Legislative Assembly in recognition of the full joining of the PDF MLAs to the National People's Party (NPP).
Shillong: Police have lodged a complaint that during the curfew called by the CoHSO from 7 pm on the 10th to 5 pm on the 11th of this month, some boys have They burnt taïar on the NH-44 and this has disrupted the traffic and has frightened the people.
“They are waiting for our response.
There, the cost of public money will increase.
If so, it poses a challenge to those in need of care.
“We will suffer more and more because we are the ones who have lived here to support and provide for all the expenses of our household if we leave this place,” said the owners of the shops. .
It also saw various reforms aimed at further ease of doing business in the country.
Pentecost comes from the Greek word "Pentekostos", which means fifty and the ancient Christians called it "pentekoste hemera" which means the fiftieth day or occasion.
India's protest came after China renamed 11 places in Arunachal Pradesh, which also borders Tibet to the west.
Editor, We have seen how many people have been affected by this terrible disease, whether in work, income, education and other activities, where all they fled and stayed in the cities and in the countryside.
“It is time for us to eliminate such behaviour,” he said.
However, the Act of 1986 speaks only of Self Acquired property which can be willed to sons and daughters.
If there is a proper road, tourists from all over the country will come every day and it will be of great benefit to the residents who sell their goods in the village shops.
Dr. Ampareen's remarks came on the demand of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to remove all the appointments of the Government to the members of the political parties. public money.
Tripura won three bronze medals in the event.
The official said the Prime Minister had refused to appear before the committee of inquiry and had sent a complaint in this regard.
Bah Jitendra also expressed his gratitude to the relatives, friends and residents of Krem Myrsiang who have donated and provided assistance, whether physically or financially.
The foundation stone was laid by the Mother General of Rev.Sr.
No one thinks that the education of children is very important and precious.
After receiving information that there have been differences between the Pastors, due to the news in recent days about the relationship between the MLCU and the KJP Assembly; Rupang asked whether this is true and Pastor Hynniewta admitted that the differences came from Pastor Phawa's speech to the media.
He said that he has received information that in the past few days the construction of the fencing has been going on slowly and this shows the force of the Assam government to open the stadium. Karbi Anglong MP Horensing Bey, Boithalangso MLA Rupsing Teron and KAAC EM Pradeep Rongpi were present.
Bahula is made of tall trees that have just been cut down.
Not only the school but about 5 other houses were affected by the storm that night.
The Wapung Circle was formed and confirmed on Saturday at the Community Hall of Wapungshnong Village under the leadership of KB Dkhar, President and Hamjhan Dkhar General Secretary. Libas Dkhar, President and Pdianghun Dkhar, General Secretary, of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar.
The UDP has been clear on this and is quick to prepare.
As the name suggests, the foundation of this new political party was founded by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who is one of the most prominent leaders in the political field.
Taxi drivers in Shillong have also decided not to cooperate with the curfew and have decided to leave the country to earn money on this day. day.
He said that as mandated and authorized by law, the EC does not want the villages to be clean only when vehicles carrying garbage come and throw it to the garbage dump. and to the villages that were round about.
Shillong, Lber 13 : The Central Government has allocated Rs 47.326 crore for Meghalaya through the National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF) to support the state in times of natural disasters.
"When asked whether the government has given any assurance on the suspension of recruitment, he said the party has received a positive response from the government, and regarding the implementation of the Roster by look ahead, that depends on the government.
On Tuesday, they will also meet to discuss the non-registration of border villages in the NRC of Assam where 75 percent of the Garo out of 323 villages have not been registered at all.
The celebration of the Republic Day in the state will be held at all the district headquarters, sub-divisions and administrative units in the state.
Lawsohtun FC had a strong start but Smit blocked the ball and it wasn't until the end of the first half that Smit through Andy Mawthoh scored.
Praise ye the sun, and the moon, and the stars, ye heavens of heavens.
In another match, Laitsohphie, Pynursla beat Mawshun 1-0 with the goal scored by Wanpynbha Nengnong in the 20th minute.
Similarly, this is in line with the Reservation Policy which was first introduced on 12th July, 1972, and that too when Meghalaya was not yet a full state and was only an Autonomous State. State'.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the state needs 30 lakh injectables for those aged 18 to 44 years and so far the state has received only 42,000 injectables. 29.5 lakh vaccine doses.
The traffic jam was caused by the overcrowding of vehicles and also by the movement of heavy trucks.
The bomb squad together with the sew bud dien have gone to the High Court of the state today to investigate whether the bombs were planted.
Doctors who attended the event included doctors ENT, who specializes in the ear, head, neck and so on, Paediatrics, for children, Doctor Gynaecology, who specializes in women, Oncosurgey, Cancer and M.D. who are doctors who treat other diseases.
In the second half, the players of YBSC Shella, worked hard to score the first goal, but due to the skill of the players of Lamare FC, the players of the team YBSC Shella cannot create anything.
The FKJGP leader said that the FKJGP has received many complaints from the residents, who have told the FKJGP that they have already paid the electricity bill, but still they are being threatened. MeECL officials to cut off electricity in their homes.
As long as the sun, moon, heavens and earth remain, so the law remains.
Regarding the seized clothes, the BSF handed over the clothes to the Customs Office Pynursla for further investigation.
He said that the amendment to the Act will also be part of the strengthening of the markets which have not yet been recognized by the District Council. in the market including the operation of khalai shops and liquor shops.
This Sengbhalang leader has been arrested from Pohkseh.
Such statements need to be answered because those who think so do not understand the true meaning of the word later.
These 27 Meghalayans were among the 212 Indians who managed to return safely to their country after leaving Israel for Cairo. , Egypt on the 9th of this month.
More than 1000 Rangbah Kur from South West Khasi Hills attended the dorbar held today, 26th July, 2023 to witness the confirmation of the office bearers of the branch by Bah RL Kharpran, Symbud Khliehduh. Also present were the leaders of the party including Bah Erwin K Syiemsutnga, Aristotle Lyngdoh, Kynsai Syiem, Jalamlin Lyngdoh, Raphael Warjri and others.
Although Mawkriah West SC beat Mawkriah West SC 6-0 in the last match, in the final match of Group-A which was played on Tuesday at the Third Ground Polo, Lawei Umpling FC played hard and until the end of the first half they couldn't score a goal.
Congress MLA from Mawsynram Himalaya Shangpliang said the department should take responsibility for the overloading of coal trucks which has caused a loss of T.10.51 crore to the government.
“Just a few months ago, some people received demand letters for money.
The seeds can be broadcast or planted as usual in Dkhar in a desi seedling.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo (KSU) Riwar Mihngi Circle and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Pynursla have demanded that the Government should look into the decision to open the school. export-import in the border areas with Bangladesh especially in the Dawki and Tamabil areas.
According to Bah Lyngdoh, if you really want to serve the people, you don't need to be EM, CEM but only the power as an MDC is enough to serve the people well.
Furthermore, through Notification No.SG.12/97/170 of this date, Marak has been appointed as OSD of this department.
He said that if the government can improve the road from Sonidan to Umsiang, it will be a blessing to the people living in many villages. from Sonidan to Umsiang and from Topatoli in Assam, for ease of travel and transportation.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) through its Education Cell has awarded the 3rd Academy Excellence Award 2021 to 22 students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations.
It may be recalled that a day before sending the resignation letter, HDR Lyngdoh had announced to the media that he as the Minister of District Council Affairs is ready to take the lead in the decision to resign. MDC to express their dissatisfaction with the appointment of two leaders.
Nongpoh: U Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, on Tuesday said that the FKJGP has given two months to the NHAI to repair all the bad parts of the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi. , She also demanded to improve all the drainage systems, to avoid flooding on the NH-6, as it has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers on the NH-6
After the injury, Chris had to retire from acting and also had to stop acting in the films he had signed.
This is not only in schools but at higher levels such as colleges and universities where the salaries vary greatly," he added.
Besides, there are many MLAs who have contested the election but have been defeated.
xiv.
“The amendment to the 6th Schedule will deprive the Rangbah Shnongs and Syiems of the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs and Syiems by bringing in the Election Commission of the State. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate, and this will cause a lot of trouble,” he said.
The citrusgreen bug (Rhynchocoris humeralis) is an insect that feeds on the juice of fruit.
The corona virus has emerged a new type of kur, these days and this new type, has started to emerge from the countries of the dohiong.
The Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills District, said that he was arrested on the way to William Nagar while he was coming from Tura to meet Pinku CH Marak.
They also showed the sharing near Jaba village, where there are four large wells and kseh trees that have been destroyed, although no serious damage was seen at 3 pm. 26th June 2019.
Speaking on the MPs who have won in the past years, “We have learned in the past 15 years what these MPs have done, I don't want to explain but we will judge. hi the people," he said.
During the rainy season, even heavy vehicles cannot pass through this road and stop in the middle of the road.
Tomorrow if the Garo get their own state (Garo land) what will happen to our land in the West and South West Khasi Hills District?
I try to bring you the symbols of history and leave it to you readers to judge and compare.
He leases the labor to his employee, or agrees, at a rate for hourly work.
Meanwhile, Umpohliew Jingtip HS beat Rymbai Govt SS 6-1 in the boys' category.
Shillong, Naitung 18 : U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MDC Jaiaw Constituency and former MLA of Shillong West Constituency, has criticized the incumbent MLA Mohendro Rapsang for promising to the people to bring medical treatment. College has not yet trained doctors in the state but the same 3 acre land has now been brought by the Kharmetor.
The funeral service at the home will be held at 3:00 p.m.
Young SC Mairang won a cash prize of 15,000 tyngka along with a trophy and medals while Wahliewlong SC won 10,000 tyngka.
The Sordar said that in the past years, the MLA and MDC, with their own eyes, came here from time to time, they saw and knew, what is the condition of this road and now it has become And he said, Woe unto them that see not, and hear not, but hear not.
The Team completed its duties from 17/2/1958 to 23/2/1958 and it was decided and agreed by the Team on this finding by both sides to return.
They also said that if possible, the government authorities should send for repairs, otherwise it will put the drivers in great trouble.
The old House will never be demolished, and is a building designed by English architects Sir Edwin Lutyens and Herbert Baker.
The scheme will authorize an allocation of up to T.500 crore, which will be approved by the Ministry of Commerce & Industry.
The Director of Photography and Video Editing is Donbok Marngar.
Lajong will be led by coach Alison Kharsyntiew.
The rots brought to the Aitnar tell a message to the people about environmental protection and other evils in the society.
EJH Police have lodged a case against the six persons under the Explosives Act and are investigating to arrest others if they are still alive.
The Constitution also enshrines the fundamental principles of justice, truth, equality, mutual respect and freedom.
KSU Narpuh on Tuesday led by President KS Suchiang, Asst.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Inter Club League of the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) has been postponed due to natural disasters.
Jowai, March 10: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSU) today launched a campaign to evict illegal foreigners from Ïewmusiang, Ïew Shyiap and other places in Jowai.
He said he has decided to contest from the PDF. Although the BJP has not announced the ticket, it is expected that Bah AL Hek will get the ticket.
BJP National General Secretary Rituraj Sinha has said that the ILP will be a barrier to tourism in Meghalaya, which has generated a lot of revenue.
Jaiswal said the ED officials are ready to file a case against the government officials involved in corruption, and soon these government officials will face severe punishment. hard.
The Government should expedite this clean-up as we do not know how many days and how many months the cleanliness of the sky will last.
Perhaps the reason is that the people love the VPP and support the work of the party.
When the children were born, the strength of the brotherhood decreased.
When asked whether he is the founder of the party but if the leaders don't give him a ticket, Lanong said, “I will laugh as I am laughing now. I don't know if I'm going to be a leader in the party.
Regarding the protocols, all schools will follow the same protocols, which were issued on 17th November 2020 and revised on 1st April 2020 for the assistance of classroom students. IX to class XII, he said.
', 'Kaash', 'Prahaar', 'Narsimha' and 'Hum Kaun Hai' and many others are beautiful on the other hand. and at the same time they were no longer willing to take any part that was offered to them.
The JNC was led by its Vice President, Bah Phrangsngi Chyrmang in the presence of the CEC leaders who expressed their concern about the possibility of the site.
Also present at the inspection was the Chief Secretary, Bah Raphael Warjri.
There was also a trekking tour of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary under the leadership of Ma Shanbor Law, Range Forest Officer. together with the staff of the Wildlife Department.
“On the other hand, the union strongly requests the Public Prosecutor on behalf of the complainants to strengthen their fight in the court so that after the 12th of this month, the accused should not escape from the hands of the law. At the same time, the police should not allow such people to get bail or interim bail again because if they do, it will encourage others to commit crimes in the society,” said the statement. Shillong, July 09: The Archbishop of Shillong, Bah Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh on Tuesday sent a statement to the Priests, Religious and Believers to inform about the opening ceremony of the FKJGP. The new Parishes in the Diocese of Shillong.
“Therefore, the Forest Department finds that this is a threat to the state and it is necessary to stand up and work hard by all the officers to stop these initiatives. syllen forests and also how to create mechanisms to restore the forests in the state,” said James Sangma.
“They don't take issues,” he said. “The Indian ruling party in Delhi should take action related to the illegal activities of India. State government".
“On the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh, Robertjune said that the people will not elect the NPP candidate because they understand that there will be a waste of public money.
When coal became available in the country, coal was mined from Jaintia Hills.
The next day, despite the lack of money, Sistina drove to meet her elder brother in Tyrso to talk about the incident, but she did not meet him. Because he was under employment under the NREGS scheme, she had to wait at that place and stay overnight to meet her brother.
He added that they are still busy with the G20 and they have done a lot of work.
Then God understood that there was no other way to save the Son of Man.
However, what they said is that it will no longer be possible for them to nominate candidates but they can support any candidate whom they agree with and accept the proposals made by the leaders.
When asked by Bah Mawthoh why the delay in payment of the loan by MeECL, the Minister said that there have been many reasons for the delay, insufficient revenue collection, shortage and others. loss.
The incident happened this morning when the robbers entered St. Edmund's College where the son of the SP was studying with the intention of kidnapping him.
The hospitals in the state are PHCs, CHCs.
He said that the residents of this village have also lost the right to vote in Meghalaya.
Earlier, Bah B.Marbaniang, MLA Mawlai, asked whether the government has already made any preparations in case of sudden collapse of the bridge or the collapse of the dam.
In East Khasi Hills, 41 new cases, including one from the Armed Forces and 40 civilians, 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills, There are 16 cases in Ri Bhoi district including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 14 cases from civilians, 3 cases in South Garo Hills and 9 cases in East Jaintia Hills.
Because if you don't have peace, you don't have prosperity in the state.
Speaking on the need for a C&RD Block in Mawhati Constituency, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh said that there are many villages which are far away from Umsning Block. Umsning, Amphreng and Amdubighat areas, have to travel at least 100 KM just to get to Umsning Block.
The roads are blocked by these landslides and large stones.
The election will be held on 11th June
In fact, India is a democracy. Meghalaya is said to be the origin of democracy.
When compared with the places in the countryside, it can be said that from house to house you will find dozens of people.
There were many reasons why Rajendra Singh did not want to be king only in the rural areas of the Jaintia Hima, and it is said that one of the reasons was that he could not collect taxes from his thousands of children. The rilum area is like a mountain of taxes for the raiot who are in the rithor.
In this regard, the government has done its utmost to provide support to the farmers so that they can support and produce more crops in the coming years.
The raid was conducted on Tuesday and the pistols were recovered from a bag in seat 67 of Coach No S5 of 15657 Up Brahmaputra Mail.
Banteidor's reply was to the question why the PDF does not support the UDP candidate as the NPP did in the mid-term elections.
If you want to reach the top of fame, remember that your bones must hold firmly to the ground as humility and appreciation for what you have in life.
On the other hand, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the party's preparations to welcome the MLAs to join the party are ongoing although they have not yet received a confirmation of the time.
Sailung Ïalong SC became the winner of the 1st Division Football Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Shynrai is one of the most commonly used spices in our cooking and has been shown to provide many health benefits.
“At the same time, the government should understand to listen to the voice of the majority, but if it doesn't listen, it is up to the government. “I don't know but the only thing is don't allow the fire to burn, arrange this matter for the good of the youth, parents in the land of Hynniewtrep,” said the President. The President of the KSU said that the KSU has come to support Bah Ardent who is fighting for the cause of the Kamper community.
From what was seen at the meeting in Patharkhmah, it was seen that the village leaders of the area, have given their strong support to these four organizations, because from the voice of the village leaders, it was seen. really that spirit that they really gave that heartfelt support.
All the donations were in the form of Khaw, Phan and other necessities such as flour and Shini slasha.
“If we are involved in any field of health care, it may be as a therapist, cardiologist, surgeon, medical specialist and others but if we have a satisfaction with the work we do or not. “It shows that we ourselves have made a mistake in being those people to provide health services to the people,” said Dr. Andrea.
“What happened in Assam has encouraged me to join the BJP to bring about development in the state,” he said.
MCH Hospital received the Best District Hospital and Eco Friendly District Hospital, Civil Hospital received the Commendation Award, Sohra CHC received the Best CHC and Eco-Friendly Award, Mawphlang CHC and Sohiong CHC received the Best CHC and Eco-Friendly Award. Thynroit HWC-SC and Thangsning HWC-SC won the first and second places respectively.
Rahil and Javed, who are from Ahmedabad, opened the call center a year ago.
In a statement, Mulieh said it is sad to leave the BJP party but he had to take this decision because his supporters had ordered him to leave. of this party.
He said that it is necessary to plant good seeds to provide training in these subjects to the students so that they will be happy to take them when they rise to higher levels in the state.
This was announced by Rgh S. Sari, Publicity Secretary of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij – 12 Doloi.
The village has also received the PMGSY road from Khliehmawlieh-Nongrangoi-Mawkynbat-Mawiawet-Ksehkohlong but it is still in the process of being cut off from Nongrangoi to Mawkynbat-Mawiawet.
“When he answered the question of the MLA from Mawlai whether it will expand his constituencies, he (Hamlet) himself replied yes, it is not true on this issue,” he added. .
According to the CI of Nongstoin PS, the charges were brought against Shiningstar Khardewsaw on the 18th of this month at 12.00 pm. He said that the coal trucks coming from Shallang through the weigh bridge which he admitted to be his trucks without sending them to weigh inside the weigh bridge, he told the drivers of these trucks. He said that he is the BOSS of Nongstoin, so they don't need to go to the polling station in Mawpun Riangdo.
out of 80 participants reached the final which was held yesterday.
“Because it will be an opportunity for others who want to earn money by employing themselves in the departments of the State Government,” he added.
The union cannot also express its gratitude to those who have contributed to the construction of this house through their physical and material contributions.
In the case of Homeopathy, 19,397 patients have been treated at the OPD clinics while 22 patients have stayed at the OPD clinics.
It also decided to strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), or any Bills and Acts of the Central Government that aim to discriminate against the indigenous people of the North East.
To prevent the spread of the disease, he applied to the Government of India for a drug called the District Council and it was developed in Shillong in
“In order for the people not to be confused, we would like to clarify to the people that the MCPC has not yet decided to support anyone and the news that the MCPC supports James Sylliang is wrong,” said Julius. .
Khliehriat, March 03: The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) invites all clubs, individuals and teams to take part in the 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament for those over 40 years old. shaneng and this lympung will start soon.
However, it has not yet been implemented and he said that he has already suggested to the government that within five years it should implement all the projects that it has already signed.
Shillong: Leaders of the All Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (AMAWU) today visited South West Khasi Hills to elect the office bearers of the district.
Nilamroi Passah, an expert, said that in the past, there was no discussion on plastic pollution, but in the past few years, the United Nations has taken great care to discuss plastic pollution. that plastic is a disease not only to the environment but to all living things.
He said that the Dkars used to use the ponds and lakes as their residence.
Therefore, if the bill is passed, it will be like canceling the voting in the state for these BJP leaders. On the other hand, they have to look into the issues of the BJP. The BJP across the country has worked hard to pass similar laws in other states of India like Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh.
“The BJP-supporting areas include UP, Bihar and other strong Hindi-speaking states.
At the same time, Bah Ardent said the government should provide adequate training to the police to be able to deal with the protests of the people and also to be able to respect the people's leaders. .
Police have registered a case against the suspect for further investigation.
Sohphoh said that although many of the people do not understand the party's policies, the West Khasi Hills office bearers will continue to work hard to explain to them. The party has already decided that in the elections to be held next year in West Khasi Hills, it has already confirmed that it will contest in all three constituencies namely Mawshynrut, Rambrai Jyrngam and Nongstoin.
Regarding the incident, although the police have admitted that the incident happened because of personal enmity and not because of political activities, the leaders of the The CPI-M and the Congress have alleged that Dilip was killed because of the involvement of BJP leaders in inciting and encouraging BJP supporters to attack supporters of other political parties. earth.
At the same time, the Association in a statement said that they will write to the Chief Secretary and Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to order the removal of the gate immediately before taking stronger action.
Lamshaphrang's goal came after a minute of play when he received a ball from the right side which Ryntih thought was off side, but the assistant referee did not announce it. Lam continued to carry the ball and played alone with Dipanjan and managed to score from the right side of the net. Twenty minutes later, Mark Austin scored the first goal. Wanswett, who tried to pass the ball to the right side of Melvin Warjri, but in Melvin's struggle to prevent Diego from catching the ball, he ran quickly forward. but in his inability to control himself and the ball, he failed to stop the ball which went straight into the net of his own team.
After the departure of Rocky Hek, the BJP has said that it would prefer to nominate Martamlin Pyrbot as the candidate from North Shillong Constituency instead of JA Lyngdoh.
You have heard from the preachers in the church that Jesus performed many miracles for the people.
Paul Lyngdoh also sent a statement to the Central Government on the recent corruption in JHADC which has brought information through RTI. He said that 13 years have passed since the old Legislative Assembly collapsed and no sign of a new Legislative Assembly has been seen.
Pastor N.Starling Langrai, resident of Mawlai Umjaiur, passed away on
Please tell Mr. John Kharshiing if you don't know.
At the same time, the Minister also mentioned the speedy implementation of the construction at Wahiajer, which has been completed within a few months.
Furthermore, during the curfew hours, the attendance of employees has reached only 10 percent, while the Secretariat has been empty with no employees except for a few senior officers.
This order came after receiving a Public Interest Litigation complaint sent by many citizens.
Tiwari, on his part, promised the Congress Meghalaya to assist and be with Dr. Lapang to strengthen the Congress in the state.
All 60 MLAs from the ruling and opposition parties have unanimously agreed to accept the motion, which the Chief Minister said is the greatest day in the history of the state.
The angry mob turned around and arrested one of them, Pongreng R Marak.
When asked how he is fighting against Dr. Mukul Sangma, he said, “I have told you that even Modi I am not afraid of Mukul Sangma. Them.
Before the start of the competition, a short meeting was held where Pasqualina Lamare, Project Coordinator SURE explained about the project and the objectives of the competition.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 15: Hundreds of villages, especially in the rural areas, have not yet received adequate drinking water in West Khasi Hills. whole.
Dasukmiki Dkhar was the main player of the match and scored both goals which helped the team to qualify for the tournament.
The NDA Government will come back to power in Delhi and it is important that we have an NDA candidate to be elected from the State.
Erik Nongkynrih Assistant Secretary Central Body, James Hitler Mawphniang Assistant Secretary, Raymond Kharjana Education Secretary, FKJGP President Khrawkupar Nongsiej Chief Organizing Secretary (FKJGP) were also present. In the presence of the office bearers and members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP).
“Although she is not yet a member of the NPP, I would like to pay tribute to her contribution.
Rishi Barua, Rathin Kanji, Ketaki Choudhury, Seema Barua, Falguni Mukherji, Samita Goswami and Babita Das have exhibited and talked in detail about their works through the ages and about the history of literature in India. .
The new office bearers of the JNC Sumer Circle are as follows:.
He said the government does not have the authority to pass any law to empower the village authorities.
Tej said he would not accept his complaint, saying, “I have lived a very miserable life and how can I continue to live in this way?”
All these have been in these 102 constituencies since 26th October.
Shillong, Lber 28: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has decreased steadily with the number of recoveries increasing day by day.
Samaro will play against Mulang Ialong at 1 pm and Nangbah Khloopano will play against Madan Thadmuthlong at 3 pm.
The singers and duhalia who sang the holy songs on this day were the new group Na U Bnai, Saphina Kharhunai and Aanya Kharhunai, the children of Bah Rana Kharkongor, and the voices of Bah Tanbor Swer. and Mrs. Adlyne Khonglam.
Lajong, who are preparing for the Durand Cup which will start on 3rd July, have brought in players with the aim of going far in this tournament which is also the first time that The team has qualified for the oldest tournament in India.
On this occasion, the old school building which has been converted into a primary school was also inaugurated.
“The approval of the Safe Passage is to allow the leaders of the HNLC to enter the country and not to stay in the area designated by the government, so that they can to advance the peace talks between the Government of India and the party,” he said.
Spencer said that the leaders who fought for the state did not do anything wrong at that time by dividing 40 seats for Khasi and 40 seats for Garo. don't be afraid of anything.
Upon learning of the club's entry into the Meghalaya State League, Bah Wellbirth, a resident of the area, went to meet the players of the team on Thursday morning while they were training at the ground. the village.
Sunalinda Iawren scored in the 15th minute, Charlinda Nongtdu in the 40th minute and Ideibanri Kharpan in the 50th minute.
The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) led by the NPP will visit Mukroh village on Tuesday. next week.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, told reporters after the Cabinet meeting today that the establishment of the Commission will be to implement the government's commitment to serve the people. .
They are two from the Congress, Process T Sawkmie MLA from Mawlai and Mayralborn Syiem MLA from Nongpoh, two from the TMC, Hima Shangpliang MLA from Mawsynram, George B Lyngdoh MLA from Umroi Constituency and one from the HSPDP. Renikton Lyngdoh MLA of Mawkyrwat.
On the next day, the 22nd, as on the first day, there was a greeting ceremony called the 'hiar wah'
Shillong: Three Insas Rifle and a Scorpio color ïong were seized by the police in Jaiaw Pdeng, which was used by the police. The funeral of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the 15th of July 2021, at Mawlai Mawkynroh; Speaking to reporters on 16th July 2021, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the State Government has suspended the police and officers in charge of him.
KHNAM has invited applications from those who wish to contest these elections and who have a strong foundation to serve for the good of the nation.
It cannot be said that the central bodies have their own leaders who are qualified to do the public work, but many of the office bearers of their units especially those from the rural areas The villagers still need a lot of training to make them skilled in the public service.
According to the findings of the RBYWO members, the number of illegal logging factories is increasing in many parts of the district with the passing of the days. spirit to Mother Mary.
When Pastor Iarington retired from the pastorate in 2008, he changed the name of the church from Nongtyngur Presbyterian Church to Nongthymmai Presbyterian Church.
In the final match between the two teams, the report also said that China shortened the game of the opposing team by beating them 3-0
After that, HSPDP leaders will deliver speeches starting with speeches by Nolip Lyngdoh, Nongstoin Area President KP Pangniang and LG Nongsiej.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 05: “Agriculture is the occupation of every citizen, he is the master of himself and it is also the biggest occupation in everyday life, because if there is no Farmers and even government officials have to suffer,” said Babu Dominik Lyngkhoi, one of the teachers who has been dismissed from the government in the past years.
India, which used to be the leading economy in South Asia, has now declined slightly, while Bangladesh has surpassed India. and has grown rapidly in recent days and is also the first economy country in South Asia.
Sushmita Sen, 46, has two daughters, Alisah and Renee.
There are others, who do not intend or think to put their neighbor in their own Rsham, but devise schemes to kill him.
West Garo Hills has 21 cases, East Jaintia Hills has 4 cases, West Garo Hills has 4 cases and East Garo Hills has 2 cases. South West Garo Hills has 2 cases.
The shooting of Bah Cherist, although it was in his house, but he was in their hands, is no different from the robbery of Geeta Sangma's husband and many other similar incidents.
The 14 new posts include one IT Supervisor, 10 Call Operators, one Multi-Purpose Staff and two Security Guards.
According to the estimates, many areas have been affected including 11 schools, 545 households and 21 villages.
Another man from Gujarat claimed that coins and clean coins were stuck in his body and another man from Nasik in Maharashtra claimed that his body was like a magnet. There is another incident in Surat, where two members of the same family were found to have been magnetized after being injected with another person from Udupi. He admitted that the shamoit, the money was stuck in his body, after being injected with the corona drug.
At the meeting before the start of the festival, ADC, Bah DM Wallang said that there needs to be responsibility for this, not only to welcome and provide food to the tourists, but most importantly it’s to protect them from anything unfortunate.
He also cited the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations and India has set the same goal to fight poverty, freedom from hunger, improve education and education, equality, access to adequate drinking water, improvement of the environment and others.
The Congress will also raise the issue of border security especially on the border between Assam and Meghalaya. at the border he added.
The Kashmiri Pandit Sangharsh Samiti, a group of Pandits in the region, has requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah to L-G Manoj Sinha.
" replied Lydia with a leave in his judgment.
“We have the largest amount of coal in the East and the best coal in the world, various companies will come to set up factories and this requires development works, employment,” he said. even Nutmeg.
Changes came in two forms, one came through the Enclosure Acts of the Legislative Assembly of England and through these laws changed the way of holding and using land.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: A protest was held in the constituency of Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Laitumkhrah (Don Bosco Square), alleging that it was the Minister of Urban Affairs who committed the crime. The construction of houses in Umsawli and Mawtari.
Hinduism, which is a new religion, can unite the traditional religion and culture of the Khasi-Jaintia which has existed since the time of the Kulong Kumah.
There are more than 300 nurses, mostly from the state, who have been employed as nurses at NEIGRIHMS through this out sourcing.
N'Golo Kante has accepted an offer of €100m (£86.2m) a year if he joins the Saudi Arabian club.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Reservation Policy has no meaning without the Roster System and this time, the government will discuss only the Roster, not the Reservation Policy.
Anything that is well wrapped and cleaned, especially when someone gives it to us, we always want to know what is in it and what it is.
We are in the Holy Lent.
It may be recalled that since the establishment of the Riti Academy in 1991, he has been in contact with the late Skendrowell Syiemlieh and the present King Payiem Phrestar Manik Syiem. to build a memorial in the memory of Syiem Tirot Singh of the Hima Nongkhlaw in any way.
The damage to these ATM machines was for the purpose of robbing money and these illegal activities were committed during the blackout hours, police said.
The camera and editing were handled by SkhemTron.
He said that it is time for Meghalaya to change which is a paradise in the world for the BJP but which has lagged behind all these years under the rule of the Congress.
On the same day, three political parties held an election campaign at Umsning Market including the candidate of the Regional Democratic Alliance (VPP) at 10 pm. at 1 pm and the NPP at 5 pm.
If there are no state owners who sell land, the land will be vacant for the safety of the pedestrians in any village or neighborhood of Shillong.
These vehicles include 60 vehicles from M/S Bankyrshan Kshiar, 20 vehicles from M/S Hanbor Khongtani, 20 vehicles from M/S Edarstar L Nongbri and 20 vehicles from M/S Banteinam L Nongbri. , 15 by M/S Shimhok L Nongbri, 70 by M/S Lamonlang Massar, 70 by M/S Milphiya Massar, 20 by M/S Edingson Khongnohbeh, 85 by M/S JJ Roy Khongmawloh, from M/S Donboklang and 20 from M/S Khrikshon Lyngkhoi.
The price has increased from T.32 per kilo to T.40 per kilo for publicly sold rice and from T.40 per kilo to T.50 per kilo for Parimal. it has brought trouble to many families.
Meghalaya took 77 runs in 24.5 overs but Kishan and Swarajeet scored 78 runs together in 14 overs to increase the runs for the team.
The office bearers of HITO Umjalasiaw Unit are President Amos Phawa, Vice President Dao-hi Rymbai, General Secretary Wanbha Siangshai, Joint Secretary Wallam Suting, Publicity Secretary Kular Dkhar, Organizing Secretary Heimon Phawa, Discipline Secretary Meban Phira, Sports Secretary Monday Pyrtuh. and 30 members.
Arunachal Pradesh ranked second (77.54%) in the implementation of the JJM scheme, followed by Manipur (76.58%), Nagaland ( 67.42%), Tripura (62.74%), Meghalaya & Assam (49.15%).
According to the Pew Survey in 27 countries (April 2019), up to 51% of people no longer trust democracy.
According to people who knew him, he was sick.
“Our joint visit to Block I in West Jaintia and Karbi Anglong will be before the end of this month,” he said.
“By taking the final decision on the Assam-Meghalaya border issue only within the Cabinet and sending the report to the Central Government, you have acted against the will of the people of the state. without the Constitution," he said.
On the 25th of November, Khliehriat West YWSC will play against Rymbai Iawpynsing at 12 pm and Dhana SC will play against Rymbai Wahshnong at 2 pm.
This is a special initiative targeted only at women in the North Eastern Region of India by allowing them to take out loans to build residential buildings, as a middle ground for entrepreneurship. employment, do not grow in income and become self-reliant in the workplace.
Speaking to media, the leaders of the FKJGP through DK Lyngdoh Nonglait President and Balse Kharbani General Secretary; They said that the investigation into the incident should be conducted by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) or the CBI. They were born in the village of Mukroh.
She said that as a mother of two children, the company gives her the opportunity to work happily and do her job well whether at work or at home.
He said that it is a day of opportunity for the farmers to express their views, problems and at the same time it is also a platform where the farmers can discuss how to improve the agriculture in the future and others.
Taliban militants claim to have entered Bazarak, the capital of Panjshir, and seized the office of the Panjshir governor, while the National Resistance Front claims to have driven out Taliban fighters who have reached the borders of Kapisa and Panjshir provinces.
Nongpoh: To find out the truth and the danger facing the people on the traffic jam at Dwarksuid Shillong By-Pass, near Umroi village in Ri Bhoi district, today (HPF) The FKJGP, North Khasi Hills District together with the village leaders of Umroi-Bhoirym area, visited the bridge.
The name Jaintia does not refer to the ethnicity, but to the place and in earlier times it was also called the Hima Sutnga, and this Hima was inhabited by Khasi (Pnar) from other parts of the country. They were not inhabited by the Khasi (War).
The UDP has demanded that the government should withdraw its decision otherwise it will take the matter to the people.
However, if you have to THEP LIKE THEP PHAN THEP PIAT or LIKE THEP IA COW AND GOAT, it doesn't matter anymore.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The Joint Director of Health Services in Shillong Civil Hospital has decided to appoint 49 temporary employees in violation of the government's recruitment rules.
Raising the priority issues that the EC has not taken up, Pynïaid said the issue of the amendment of the Sixth Schedule has been pending and needs to be approved by the Parliament.
Shillong, Nailur 26: A day after RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat said that all Indians are Hindus by culture and their citizenship has witnessed that there is a feeling The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, who said that this statement of Mohan Bhagwat does not fit the situation in India. the Constitution of the country has given all citizens the freedom to believe in any religious beliefs according to their individual will and desire.
As a result, many have to turn to farming and animal husbandry.
The man calls those who should be called and so does the woman.
When asked about the flag, the residents of Jhalupara admitted that it was the flag of Pakistan. There are also large flags erected in houses and places of worship of Muslims.
The match on the 31st will be between Sabamuswang and Shangpung Lumiawmusiang at 3 pm.
Ampareen said the government has directed the NHM to ensure that the company or personnel who will take over the operation of the ambulance vehicles are qualified to ensure that the 108 will work properly to serve the people. for the benefit of the people of the state.
This old man has expressed the feeling that whatever I have done for myself and for myself will come back and will not pass away as carried by the words in the song: get the Responder.
In this way the Israelites grew and sinned more and more.
Those who attended the event were Bah Lening Bareh, President of Meghalaya Cycling Association, Bah Ian Kupar Diengdoh, Member of MCA, Bah Ambrose Thongni, President of Mawkyrwat Cycling Association and others. , participants from children, youth men and women together with office bearers of MCA and Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA).
Conrad expressed his satisfaction with the inauguration of the 7.5 mega watt unit and said the electricity project is almost completed.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Hindro Samakha, Chairman of the Managing Committee. of the school.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle under the leadership of Samla Richard Diengdoh President and Samla Tony Shylla Secretary together with members today visited the offices of various banks in the city. Nongpoh who do not celebrate the 'Shad Nongkrem' festival as declared by the government.
He said that KHNAM has also demanded that the government should abolish the rule of giving quotas to Garo, which says that if there are no Garo jobs to fill those jobs, they can apply. A person who speaks only Garo, which means that people who speak Garo from Bangladesh can also get jobs.
The book “Everlasting Desire” was also republished by Majesty Sten, one of his grandchildren, and with the hard work of his grandchildren, Reuben, Dichen Heimon and Nambhah Dimi.
In another incident, Pangrak S Sangma has lodged a complaint with the Police that on the night of 24th June, unidentified robbers stole his motorcycle (AS-01DM-2723) from The parking lot is located at Tura Civil Hospital.
“The government should immediately arrest those BSF personnel involved and the KSU will take strong action against them,” said Assistant General Secretary of KSU South Central Circle Vorrozislov Sohkhlet. message.
“Since 1951, the Pnar people have suffered many kinds of persecution and torture at the hands of the law enforcement agencies or at the hands of the Karbi rebels until they have suffered a life of misery. and it is for this reason that they are demanding the return of their villages to Meghalaya,” said the Seng.
“However, now there is a sad time when I go to other places where the Chad Sukra is held, many musicians have disappeared and on my part, I urge the Bei Seiñ Raij Jowai to be a leader and an example for other activities, so that it will begin to revive the music, song and dance in the villages and townships of our Raij”.
Embhahlang said that the woman who was arrested was the one whom he had beaten earlier because she came to sell drugs at these parking lots.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the government has been focusing on the youth in the last five years and for that reason it is trying to introduce schemes and programs to develop the youth.
The NPP now has only James Sangma, its MLA from Garo Hills, and no other members to lead the state assembly.
One TMC candidate in Shillong constituency has fled to contest independently after the TMC failed to reach out to the people,” said Shira.
What is lacking in our towns is that we don't have another dorbar to look after the needs of the town as a town.
Referring to the Vigilance Committee, the Secretary of the Committee said that there are five members of the Vigilance Committee who have taken the decision to cut kilos of rice. He said that he is a member of the committee recognized by the Dorbar but he does not have any information. When he looked at the names of the members of the Vigilance Committee from the Register, he saw that the name of Bah Lumlang was not there. U Bah Lumlang asked where his name went because he was approved by the Dorbar Shnong.
There is also a confusion among the officers in the districts over the roster system, which accounts for 80 percent of the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo in the districts.
Mawsiatkhnam opened the scoring in the first half through Teibor Mawlong while Arka SC opened the scoring in the second half through Rivaldo Kurbah. He also won the Best Player title in the tournament.
She said that malnourished children have been identified through SHGs for health examination by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in rural areas.
Wars are evil deeds and the air, water and land are the fundamental rights of mankind and other creatures and therefore they must be protected from the damage of factories and other institutions. ".
“Mawsynram is about 50 kilometers from Shillong but it is necessary for the Government to upgrade the Mawsynram CRD Block to a Sub Civil Division.
If the TMC and BJP have said that the NPP has lost ground in Garo Hills and that 2/3 of its MLAs have fled the party to the BJP, what else is behind that? Here in Khasi-Jaintia, they say that the people of Khasi-Jaintia have voted for the NPP like a dog.
But the time will come when Russia (Gog) and its allies will suddenly attack Israel.
Vinyl records are recorded at 33 RPM or less than 45RPM.
When the Khasi chiefs signed the Social Instrument of Accession with the leaders of India led by the then Minister of Home Affairs, Sardar Vallabhai Patel, they probably did not think carefully. what shall become of us as little ones?
Rangkynsai won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 163 runs in 30.4 overs.
At the same time, Abhilash stressed that it should be clarified that there should be no discrimination against those living with HIV/AIDS and said that the law also empowers those living with HIV/AIDS. The District Administration and the East Jaintia Hills District Police Department will ensure that such a law will be implemented in the District.
At the same time, the Jowai Unit has lodged a complaint with the management of the company regarding the lack of attention of the employees of the company in relation to the connectivity. Internet to people's homes even after they have paid for the connection.
The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers' Association (AMSSATA) today held a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat to demand their salaries and arrears.
Therefore, she said that if they don't start controlling from small crimes, people will start committing big crimes in the society.
Those who belong to the Presbyterian Church after completing their studies from this institution, if they wish to become Pastors they can but they have to do a probationary period of three years and after graduation they can get rank Pastor.
In the Veteran Single, Amit Gupta (Laban SCTTA) beat Santanu Ghosh.
Golden stones were seen in the cremation and fell to the ground.
Through his visit to the United States, there is a strong doubt that he will be able to present the budget of the Indian government on 1st June
He said that this is the beginning of the cleaning of the Umkhrah River which once had a reputation as a clean river but now it has become like a hand.
When Dr Khonglam was the Chief Minister of the state, Rymmai said that he was happy and proud that his friend would hold the highest post in the state. He said that during the tenure of Dr Khonglam as the Chief Minister, he used to go to the Secretariat almost every day.
Tynsong said the shortage of land dealers to register is due to the case concluded by the High Court in the case of the Meghalaya & Greater Shillong Land Dealers Association. The M&GSPH&SVA, among others, have lodged a complaint against the law passed by the Government and demanded the implementation of the Central Government law which has been implemented nationwide.
Daniel urged the students of Silshar not to follow the customs and traditions of other ethnic groups, but to hold on to their own customs and traditions especially when they are far away from their homeland.
In a tragic incident, a five-year-old child was thrown into the street.
"But now what is needed for the forest department is to take measures to revive the rivers, not by implementing, by building, but by building. with the means to cleanse itself by the power of nature, he said.
Meanwhile, Bah Sonny L Khyriem, a coal trader, said that in these years, the government has only collected revenue from coal and has never said to protect the environment. coal miners to sting the environment.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 977 and the death toll has risen to
Even the proposal to connect the railway line from Barak Valley, Assam and East Jaintia Hills has received strong opposition from various groups demanding the implementation of the ILP. State Government Conrad K. Sangma said that the State Government has already talked to the Central Government that it will not proceed with the construction of the railway line if the people oppose.
When we looked closely, we found that the ethnic parties are only in Ri Khasi because in Garo Hills there are only national parties. even one candidate.
The Seng said that schools in Meghalaya are not only inadequate but even teachers and staff have not been appointed.
“Let us bring our new ideas for the good of the people.
There are households who should receive only 20 kg of rice even if they have up to 12 or 7 members and those who have NFSA, AAY & PHH cards. Dykes, speaking to syllad.com, said, “I have received a complaint and I have sent an inquiry into this allegation.
New Delhi, Lber 14: The Central Government on Friday hiked the price of petrol and diesel by T.2 per litre, said The announcement came months before the announcement of the Lok Sabha elections.
Don't bring this name.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh said that UHAN is one of the health centers that provides adequate services to the people and USTM has become a fully equipped educational institution. She also expressed her delight that the school has been opened to the public today.
As the people of Jaintia Hills, we should give our full support to the Party which has high hopes this time to get to power.
PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak said that the allegation that he has violated the model code of conduct by distributing his performance report for five years is groundless and this is a lie. honor him.
Thus, with the consent of all the Khasi Hills, the war to expel the British from the Khasi Hills began on 1st April, 1829 (Giri, 2012).
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also informed that the Regional Committees will start working on the formula to resolve the border disputes.
The protest was against the Land Bill introduced by the BJP government in the Lok Sabha.
Arunachal Pradesh has won 38 gold medals ahead of Meghalaya with 34 gold medals, while Assam has won first place with 78 gold medals followed by Manipur with 34 gold medals. the 75 in the second category.
For the past 10 years, the BJP President in Meghalaya has been a Khasi Jaintia.
The President of KHNAM said that only the rich children can afford to buy these books, but many in the rural areas cannot afford them and it is a waste of money when the books are the same.
Up to 26 members and office bearers of the UDP Hingaria Unit including President Ting Khonglah and Prowess Surong have resigned from the party on 2nd October
However, Agatha Sangma, MP from Tura seat, has approved in the Lok Sabha to implement the bill and the tyngshop across the area whether in the city or in the countryside has not worked at all.
Piwell Shylla.
Shillong, July 6: A woman named Phlorinda Basaiawmoit, resident of Jaiaw, has been arrested by the Lumdiengjri Police Station after the Dorbar of Mylliem Hima lodged an FIR against her. Bah K.Langstieh, Minister of Mylliem Hima in charge of the Duh Market, has been arrested.
“When asked whether the HNLC has issued such statements against the MDA government because the government has delayed the peace talks, Prestone said he cannot say anything on this. .
And the child's family will also receive it.
In the past few months, it has been reported that Russian military officials have begun to punish these soldiers who refuse to fight by imprisoning them in Zindans. .
“Recently, I visited these children and I saw and I found that the children are in poor condition because they don't have enough accommodation, food, toilet, school and toilets,” she said. Kong Kharkongor added, how can the children prepare to study well when they live in such an inadequate environment.
In the case of Meghalaya, tens of thousands of youths have returned to their home state and have lost their jobs. Many private companies have closed down or reduced their employees due to the impact on income during the lockdown.
The struggle we are fighting as a nation is a struggle of ideas.
We need more doctors, psychiatrists and counselors but there is a shortage of such mentally ill doctors in this state.
Shillong: According to the Meteorological Department of the Government of India, from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm, the city of Sohra has been hit hard by heavy rains. The rainfall in Sohra reached 35.4 millimeters.
In the first semi-final match, Umphyrnai Sports Club beat Mawreng Sports Club 1-0 at 2 pm. Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor scored the third goal in the 9th minute.
East Khasi Hills CA scored 54/3 runs.
“It is an independent investigation by the NIA and I assure you that this will not affect the peace talks and the Central Government is also involved in the peace talks.
What we are witnessing these days according to the changing times is that it takes only a few minutes to see the vehicles passing through the road in this area coming and going around the four villages. They were found mainly in four constituencies including Mawphlang, Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor.
Amit Shah's visit was also to hold talks with the political parties in the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) to reach an understanding with them, not before the elections but after the elections. thaw government.
The age verification ceremony for the players from Mairang Block will be held at Tirtot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang and for the players from Mawthadraishan Block, it will be held at Madan Domsohphlang, Markasa from 10 am onwards. on June 5, 2023.
He said that it is because of these problems that the people of the area have to rely on the herbalists when they are sick and even the poor women have to rely on the herbalists, because They find it difficult to get to the hospital due to the lack of adequate roads.
Dukiwakor-hi Satein (2) and Evening Tariang (14) scored the goals.
“The location where the moon lander Chandrayaan-3 landed on the moon will now be known as 'Shiv Shakti'
“We have tried to prevent people from damaging the forests and I am pleased to inform you that we have been able to protect and maintain the forests in an area of ​​50,000-hectares in just two years, and now we The target is to reach 1.5 lakh hectares.
A woman identified as Kong Priskila Suchiang has been shot dead by suspected Bangladeshis.
“He also alleged that this action of the government is an attempt to benefit some private individuals and not the people who have supported them to provide services.
Conrad said that good roads are needed to promote tourism and for this purpose the state government has received more allocation from the PMGSY to improve roads and it has been increased from T.150 crore to Rs.500 crore.
She said that such an incident has never happened before but only in 2004 and now in 2022 that the floods have caused them to lose their crops. put the seed in the spirit.
Many of us don't remember the events in our lives and especially the good things we often forget.
He said that these 8 people were refused to register their names by the residents of Lyngkhat in the past when they went to register their names in the village, but these same people were refused to register their names. They were invited by the DC to register their names at the DC office.
Speaking on the occasion, Moonlight said that he has a desire to complete the Iawmusiang market since 2001-02 and due to the increasing collapse of the government, the market has been suspended until today.
Sun said that in fact it was the police who went to seize Prodipta from the shop after she complained to the village authorities and KHADC police, not as Prodipta alleged.
Pala said that the introduction of the Municipal Board by RC Laloo has brought victory to the UDP which promised the people that if they win, they will remove the Municipal Board. The foreigner has appealed to the Supreme Court that the government has violated even the supreme law of the country.
The area is located on National Highway 40, where the road will not be blocked during the Cherry Blossom Festival which will be held on the Mawiong-ISBT Bypass and Mawdiangdiang Bypass.
The Stone Crusher at Maikhuli was driven by a foreigner known as Abinaw Surekam and dumper trucks carrying mawria. The stone crushers do not pay taxes at the gate set up by the Forest Department to search or investigate the trucks smuggling illegal stone, soil, syiap and mawria.
This is not the first time that the robbers have broken into Ratacherra, and it is suspected that the robbers, after committing robbery from other places, have broken into the village again.
Besides, representatives from various groups including officers from districts of various government departments of Assam government, students, representatives from UN supporting organizations, representatives from NGOs including ASHAs, Aganwadi workers and others.
The video shows the crowd gathered at the Malang Stadium.
The protests are continuing not only by the Seng Bhalang, but also by other groups in various shatri.
The presence of two baby elephants caused the adult elephants to fence and protect them which made them afraid of the presence of humans.
We want to have an understanding of the House for the MDC,” said Bah Dkhar.
When asked about it, tens of thousands of people have asked whether the government has time to do that,” he said.
The President of the Khasi Disabilities Association, Bah Starwin Kharjana, said that until now, the wheelchairs for the disabled are only available at the Secretariat, SP Office and MPSC office but in other offices. The Government has not built these wheel chair parking spaces.
The program is also aimed at fighting against TB in line with the objectives of the Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA), which aims to eradicate TB. In a meeting held at Pamra Paithlu PHC, Dr. EVB Laloo, District Tuberculosis Officer, Jowai, explained about TB and how to treat it. Therefore, those who have TB should wear masks to avoid the spread of the disease to others. He also urged those who have the disease to take their medicines regularly, to complete the TB tests at Khliehriat Civil Hospital and Sutnga. CHC. On this occasion, TB patients and health workers also took a pledge to make India TB free by
Questions and answers as I understand them.
Auto Rickshaw Fare from Point to point in Greater Shillong is prepared in accordance with the rate notified by the Government vide Notification No.TPT.91/80/749, dated 13January , 2020.1.
They were later shifted to Hojai, Assam for further treatment.
On the following day, 1.48 grams of heroin was seized from Sanjit Singha, who was driving a vehicle number ML-04A-4819 in Byndihati.
Let us not explain about these things, but let us turn to why Jesus the Son of God had to suffer until death on the cross. The main reason was that he might take away the sins of the world. John the Baptist pointed to Jesus by saying – “Behold, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world! John 1:29.
If thousands and tens of thousands had taken responsibility for themselves and others, we would have risen above all the nations of the world especially in power and skills. to work with special skills in all kinds of work and occupations.
On this occasion, the Chairman of the JAC together with its members strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should take strong action against such robbers. bria someone to someone.
Because your judgment destroys the grass.
Shillong, July 01: The Casual and Contractual Employees of NEHU under the umbrella of the All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) on Tuesday staged a protest in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. NEHU Prof.PS Shukla to demand the recognition of them as full time employees.
He said that the target of the doctors and staff in the health department of West Khasi Hills, has now set a target that at least 75% of the poor women in the district, will be to come to hospitals when the time of childbirth is near and they should not hesitate, because the government will provide all the necessities.
Shylla said that it is not only the Khasi but also the Muslims who are responsible for this because they are not allowed to shoot cows which are not in accordance with the Muslim custom.
There was no talk about tobacco or cigarettes at that time. Children did not dare to smoke tobacco or cigarettes in front of adults whether they knew them or not.
In the voice of all these leaders, they said that the Umtru Power Station at Byrnihat can generate not less than 40 MW of electricity, which is also the newly expanded power plant. One of the oldest power plants, which was accepted by MeSEB in the past and is also one of the Power Stations, has many wells that help to operate the station. The dam is located from the Umiam River which flows through the Power Station Stage I, Stage II, Stage III and Stage IV to the Dam.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Diengpasoh SC beat Laitkroh SC by eight goals in the first leg of the 3rd Ground, Polo on Friday.
Reports further said that he may also be taken to New Delhi for further interrogation.
The motion of no confidence in the government was taken by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, James K Sangma and Dr Jemino Mawthoh. pm in the evening.
The MIPRL said that the Rangbah Shnong and the Dorbar are the rulers who have been in power for hundreds of years and that the rule of the indigenous peoples works under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong. and the Dorbar and in the census in the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Urging his supporters to vote for him in this election, Himalaya said that there are three issues that he wants and those are to bring about good health care, education and good roads in Mawsynram area.
How terrible it is to see the garbage on the streets especially in the market places like Ïewduh, Ïew Mawlong and Khyndailad where even to wear a juti, the soul is shocked.
According to the figures of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd (MeECL) for the month of June in the last seven years, the water level has been excessive in June,
The date of the funeral will be arranged, said Bah Cajee.
On the other hand, he said that he has no intention of leaving the party yet but he is waiting for the right time.
MONGUL SING TYNGKRA (NPP) – 7723.
In her speech, Kong Lyngdoh expressed the need to take such measures, namely to provide special places for the elderly to participate in the society, to participate in various activities and also to receive support.
The inspection was led by BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang in the presence of other members of the hospital. You can work in this hospital.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 24: Leaders of the Youth Association and Sport Club of 20 Mer Village today denied the allegation by the Dorbar Shnong 20mer (Paham Mawlein) against three civil society organizations. They came to interfere in the work of the village without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong.
The project has been suspended.
Other speakers were DD Syngai, Additional Deputy Commission, Jowai, DPO of Planning Branch, Jowai. .
Shillong, March 10: Students of various schools in the Shillong Riat District today received tablets from the hands of Ma Justine Dkhar MLA of the District. SC Laloo ADC, DC East Jaintia Hills, Bah W Lyngdoh, DC East Jaintia Hills, W Muskor, Dy, SP East Jaintia Hills, Leoka Rymbai, DSEO, and Justine Dkhar, MLA. u Congress.
The NOC is the owner of the house if it is a private house.
The police chief said the suspects worked in groups and attacked residents of these areas as well as iPhone owners.
The Russian military said on Tuesday that five Ukrainian drones had been shot down, which were planning to attack Russia that day.
Regarding the disappearance of many newspapers, Bah Lanong said that the main reason is the rapid passage of time because in this new world, the new era is easier, faster and which is also clear.
In West Khasi Hills, 4 cases, Ri Bhoi District 43 cases, West Jaintia Hills 14, East Jaintia Hills 15, West Garo Hills 15, South West Garo Hills 4 and South Garo Hills
In the second half, the match became more intense on both sides and it was in the second half that a heavy rain came and the game started to slow down due to the flooding.
It is learned that up to 15 schools have come to participate in this tournament.
Sylvia, said that earlier, she had a misunderstanding about the withdrawal of T.24,000 and she accepted that it was due to a mistake by Core Banking. revised July 4, 2013.
Nongpoh: Speaking to the Congress leaders to explain the Reservation Policy and the Roster System, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA of the Congress Party from Umsning Constituency, on Tuesday said that the meeting was held to discuss the issue of roster system. in the state, it is the Reservation Policy and the Roster System.
Some educated young women do not feel comfortable marrying young men of the community who appear to be irresponsible.
The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle, Walton Rymbai, on Tuesday said that the problem faced by the Khasi in Barak Valley is related to the Wildlife Sanctuary Department. village Khasi, but they will fight because they have lived in this place for a long time.
After the establishment of the Directorate, the requirements for environmental authorities shall be submitted to the Environment Directorate.
Tynsong said that in fact the census of Khasi and Jaintia was scheduled to be released between April and other districts in Garo Hills were scheduled to be released before 25th April.
Educational Qualification:- Degree in Science with Chemistry as the main subject with 2(two) years experience in teaching or working in Laboratory.
SPU Superintendent of Police (Traffic) East Khasi Hills, Bah BJ Laloo said that drivers should be polite when driving and vice versa. when they stop and load or unload people, in order to avoid traffic jams.
But God does what he wants.
He said that the opposition to the bill is no longer useful as it has already been passed in the House.
The union sends its condolences to the families of these 6 people who lost their lives in this tragic incident. of nature these days.
Shillong, March 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has formed an Anti-Uranium Movement (AUM) to oppose the state government or the central government's uranium mining in South and West Khasi Hills districts of Meghalaya.
I will direct the Secretary of the Council to lodge a complaint against the self-styled Rangbah Shnong for issuing NoC for trading licence, labor license or any other document or even for getting What will happen if foreigners get EPIC and get the right to vote here?
Experts have estimated that up to one-third of bowel cancer cases could have been prevented by eating more healthy foods.
Through these, the Assam government has been able to attack us.
The Church is now waiting for the Holy See of Rome to appoint a Bishop of Jaintia-Pnar.
Regarding the influx of Bangladeshis in Bakur market, Dawki, President Yoodahunki Shylla said, “The Bangladeshis have become like niut, who have smuggled into our beloved country.
He said that the NPP in the last MLA elections had promised to resolve the border issue if it came to power and this is the right way because the party is leading to rule the country. government in this state.
Then she sat down alone by the fire.
However, it will also be the first time that the Congress and the NPP will be in the same Assembly after the Congress and the NPP joined hands in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong: The chief of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) has resigned in the past few days.
Paiem Ainam was accompanied by 30 bakhraw who were also the electors of the Syiem.
Regarding the PWD department, the department has clarified that all the roads and bridges damaged by the rain will be repaired especially the roads in Mawsynram and Mawshun.
Regarding these issues, Bah Markus Marten, President of the Nongpoh Region Auto Owners & Drivers Association, said that the association expresses its deep sorrow, because of the lack of parking spaces. public transport commercial vehicles and even private vehicles have to use the carriageway as parking space for commercial vehicles.
The Youth Wing invites the youth from the area to showcase their group singing skills on the same day. 1st prize 7000, 2nd 5000 and 3rd prize
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Thursday inaugurated the new building of the Mawkdok Sub Centre, in the presence of the MLA of Sohra Constituency, Bah Gavin. M Thousand.
The actress has been acting since she gave birth.
After the meeting, they explained to the media that their meeting with the Deputy Commissioner and the Police Department was to urge them not to take action on this issue and to ensure that it happens. the joy of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang said that the reason for the delay in the repair of this road is due to the natural disasters. this is the maintenance.
Therefore, those who rule India should remember this and should respect the social system, especially the Constitution.
AIFF.U Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in his 104th Mann ki Baat session today revealed the existence of the tallest and deepest crematorium in Meghalaya. and congratulates the leading cave digger of the state and the country Bah Brian Daly Kharpran who has worked hard to research the existence of caves in the state and who has helped to give Meghalaya a place in the country. on the map.
When these things happen, the Word of God has to say, “Don't be afraid” “Don't be afraid” “Don't be afraid” “Don't be discouraged” “Don't be discouraged” God, believe in me, said Jesus (John 14:1).
On the rehabilitation centres, the Minister said that the Government has now provided treatment to drug addicts at two centers in Shillong- Kripa Foundation Addiction Center and KJPA New Hope Addiction Center in Mawkasiang. At the same time, the Minister informed that the State Government intends to set up rehabilitation centers in many villages.
Therefore, many of the youngsters have expressed their disappointment that there are many youngsters who come from poor families who don't have the opportunity to sing and dance. They have to stop the campaign outside the state because without those signs, they have received donations from the previous government and even the present government, the AMDA, has gone to ask for support.
Although he did not confirm whether the man was a demon worshipper, he said he was a drunkard and his name was Super Tangsong, who lives in Langkyrdem.
Speaking to media after the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said the party members have expressed their concern and said that it is necessary to Review the employment quota for the benefit and equal rights of the youth of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : The Union Minister of State for Roads, Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, in a meeting held in Guwahati on Tuesday, has directed the relevant authorities to complete the The government has decided to improve the roads in Assam, Meghalaya, Sikkim and Nagaland.
Jrei Rymbai, 44, of Salini Colony, WJ Hills, was taken to Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
They also explained that Sohra has been a famous place since ancient times all over the world.
The medal winners in various categories include Samla Francis Makri who won the gold medal in the weight category 70 kg, Aldrin Klein who won the gold medal in the weight category 58 kg and Bothstar Klein who won the silver medal in the weight category 58 kg. Junior Boys, Kamika Timung gold medal in 53 KG, Klara Klein gold medal in 53 KG and Margherita Klein 4 medal in Sil 8 category KG.Through this tournament, the youths of Ri Bhoi District have been able to showcase their skills in the field of Karate Do. From this tournament, some of them have been selected to represent the state at the tournament to be held in Pune in July this year.
The security forces in Manipur have continued to conduct raids since the outbreak of violence.
When asked whether there has been any harassment by the Assam Forest Department before this incident, Waheh Shnong Hamboide Sumer said that the harassment of the villagers has been regular by the Assam police since The Forest Department of Assam has illegally built a house in Khlieh Sanaro, Mukroh.
The prizes are as follows: Wanshwa Suting Secretary Fete Committee KWYWSC. Due to weather conditions, the Fete Nongtalang Shnongpdeng which was scheduled to be held on the 1st and 2nd June has been cancelled. postponed to 5 June 2024.
“I don't know, I don't know...” said the Men Kmie. “He he... Yes, Kmie, I don't know...” said the Maheh. eh in the month of Lydia.
The inspection of the 20 M Sprint, 10 M Ladder Run, Compass Drill and Vertical Jump was held at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai in the presence of the management of the office. District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills.
He stressed that the environment should be protected so that the fish can grow and benefit mankind.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday admitted that his decision to vote for the opposition was taken after a well-founded debate in the House.
These means that the Beast will rule from this Third Temple during the Second 3 1⁄2 Years or 42 months or 1260 days.
Now, the question arises from many people, that just to be a candidate of that party, it costs 5 crore tyngka, if you go to resign when you win or become an MLA, how much does it cost? Many others say that when they win, the price is shiphew or arphew percent higher than the price before winning the election.
Nongpoh, March 05: Samla Albert Maring, resident of Umdapdumu, Ri Bhoi District, has expressed his wish that the Meghalaya government should also allow teachers. to enter or participate in the political process or to contest elections to become public leaders in the state.
Earlier, PJ Kharshandi, EAC, said that 1456 youths have registered themselves on the electoral roll from four constituencies.
There are no kurs of the Biate community who have settled in Jaintia Hills who are still related to the Pnars, nor are there any kurs of the Karbi community who are still related to the Bhoi. They are located in Ri Bhoi District.
Khliehriat, November 9: The residents of the border area including Hingaria, Huroi, Lei Long LeiJri and others have faced difficulties in coming and going, trade, illness and suffering due to the lack of roads. because since ancient times until now the roads in this area have remained the same.
Guwahati: The United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA), which is currently in peace talks with the Indian government, has vowed to withdraw from the peace talks with the Indian government if the law is implemented. The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
On the other hand, the management also distributed various prizes to the best players who showed their skills.
In one incident which happened on the night of the 19th of this month, while passing by on the footpath opposite the gate of a car factory, suddenly saw a The blood flow from the factory in Mawarling village of Laitkor Mawrie village.
Prestone said that the residents should cooperate by going to the Municipal office but if they do not leave it shows that their stay is illegal and will be implemented according to the rules of the Municipal. the law.
The project to clean up the Umkhrah River has started from Umkaliar to Mawlai Bridge.
Now let us look briefly at the beginnings of the schools which have reached the rank of High School and which have been established by the Trai Ri who are intelligent, intelligent, willing and eager to do and accomplish the development works of the country. and which included the beginning of many other great works to make the country shine along with other nations which have come further in wisdom and understanding, society, work and so on.
He said that it is because of these problems that the people of the area have to rely on the herbalists when they are sick and even the poor women have to rely on the herbalists, because they It is difficult to go to the hospital due to the lack of adequate roads.
The office has called for nomination papers and has received four (4) nomination papers including the nomination submitted by one of the Snieh clan.
When the minister in charge replied briefly.
He said that according to the rules, the BJP has conducted a survey to find out who has the most support among the candidates and after that the party has decided who will not be given the ticket.
When we turn to this Act, we find that it says “An Act to regulate the transfer of land in Meghalaya for the protection of the interest of the Scheduled Tribes therein”. to protect the Scheduled Tribes living there or we can say to protect for the benefit of all the Scheduled Tribes that exist and are recognized in Meghalaya).
The Executive Committee (EC) of the Council has not yet been able to submit the full budget for the year 2015-16, as the District Council is still waiting for the allocation from the state government for the year. 2013-2014.
Nongpoh, Naitung 23 : The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of Meghalaya today visited Ri-Bhoi district to gather the best athletes to compete in the Olympic Games. The State Talent Identification was held at the Indoor Stadium Umlyngkdait.
The postponement of the MLA elections in Sohiong was due to the sudden death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh as the UDP candidate on 20th June,
In the order, Deputy Commissioner Jagdish Chelani, IAS, said that a meeting was held between the Prime Minister and the groups that opposed the Roster System and demanded that Tura be made the capital of Meghalaya. you por tlang.
The IAF will provide four M 17 V5 helicopters from Raipur and Nagpur to support the implementation of the elections in Gadchiroli and other parts of the country.
The operation was led by Baiaishah Kharshanlor, General Secretary of KSU Nongpoh Circle and other leaders and members of KSU Nongpoh Circle.
These are from the Marshall, Marshilling, Iawlar and Sohphoh clans.
He also reminded them of their duty to contribute to the welfare of the country.
It is painful to think about what has happened in Manipur.
“Young people who want peace, go to the forest to get peace with AK-47 rifles,” he said.
I'm going to go to a free place.
On the difference in the price of petrol and diesel in Byrnihat and Shillong, Tynsong said that this is because the state does not have Umphiang depots, and until now the state is still using the Umphiang depots in Byrnihat. Guwahati, so the difference is because of the price of bringing Umphniang to these places.
And since ancient times, which has been a fear, the Dkhars from the north do not dare to set foot in these mountainous areas of our country because the ancients were considered 'murderers and robbers'
There are 76 recoveries from the disease.
He said that the Arts and Culture Department will look for ways and means to connect Nongkseh with Shillong, Mawprem and Mawlai by cable car.
Especially the villages here in Langniuh, Mawtikhar and others in the state.
Tura MP Agatha K. Sangma has congratulated the U-19 Football Team of the State for winning the gold medal at the 66th National School Games (NSG) held at Bhopal, Madhya. Province.
“Some children who are bullied change their speech and behavior and as such we need to be careful,” she said.
Boris Singh and 27 other students from the North East have been selected for the Young Scientist Program (Yuvika 2022) of the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO). the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC), Shillong.
“There has been a perception among the people that the NEC is not fair and we must clarify and remove this perception of the people,” Muivah said.
On receiving the information, the father of the child went to the house of the MLA and forcibly took his son from the hands of these people and took him to the Civil Hospital. , Shillong, on the same night for treatment and the family members have lodged a complaint with the Shella Police Station.
In a statement, SN Wahlang said that after receiving a reply from the authorities, he went to meet with the teachers of the United Children's Society. Speaking to the teachers , he said that the teachers have admitted that the MC 's statements are true , that the school does not have money because it is a school dedicated to the poor children charge school fees or any other fees from the children since its establishment, and in addition there is also a shelter for orphans and children who are marginalized in the society which the school authorities have to rai to cover them.
On Tuesday, the Prime Minister will visit Mawsynram to see for himself the damage caused by the damage in the area and to meet with the families of those who lost their lives. On the second day, he will visit Ri Lum Garo to inspect the affected areas.
Mulait United scored the first goal in the form of an own goal (25') and Biang Chyrmang (60').
Rijoy said that according to his conversation with the SP, he understood that his son was strong; “I have been told that the SP of Sherpur District of Bangladesh has informed the Meghalaya Police that all that remains is to hand him over to the police. The Bangladesh border troops have brought Dajied,” said Rijoy.
Bengaluru United lost 2-1 to Bengaluru FC on Saturday. Bengaluru United will play against RKM Football Academy on 18th October. Golden Threads on 27th October, and against Chennaiyin-B on 31st October.
Shillong, July 25: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) today released the results of the Bachelor of Science (Honours) and the Final Year of Merit. List, [Honors in BIOCHEMISTRY] and then the result of the Final Year Bachelor of Science (Pass) [read page
They also discussed the need for more Cooperative Societies, so that these products can be marketed by the residents of the North East.
There are about 17 projects implemented through Smart City.
In the women's category, Rosy Sana came first, Wasaki Phawa came second and Rikynti Sana came third.
“As a large and prominent party in the country, I welcome you as a paid supporter, and this willingness of your to join the party, has strengthened and given hope to the party. “The party will not reach its goal in the MLA elections in 2018,” said Bah Lapang.
At the time, the MLA was accompanied by three of his followers, but only the MLA and one of his followers shot him.
“The invasion that day was only the beginning.
Referring to the ethnic parties, it was seen that there was no candidate but only Bah Paul Lyngdoh from the UDP, but the surprising thing is that other ethnic parties did not support him but the HSPDP and KHNAM. They gave their full support to the independent candidate of Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, and saw that the HSPDP and KHNAM are very busy campaigning for the pastor.
The Spirit, on the other hand, has three functions: it gives life to the body; it knows how to worship and fellowship with God, it has a conscience and it has intuition.
Confirming this on Tuesday, the Director General of Police (DGP) Peter James Pyngrope Hahnemann said that the order from the government regarding the dismissal of Islam will be issued. on Friday.
They said that the sad thing is that Dr. Mukul Sangma's statement in the media that “we don't need ILP or Modify ILP” shows that this is the case. Mukul Sangma is not a citizen of the State or the Garo/Achik community, that he has spoken against the Garo/Achik people, because not only the Sengbhalang wants ILP but the people of Muluk also want it. that the Prime Minister should turn a little to the decision of the people at the rally at Madan Student Jaiaw on 30th November,
Conrad said this on Tuesday when he said that the State Government has paid the airfare and taken measures to ensure the safe return of the youth to the State.
The criticism is also that government efforts are insufficient to educate and educate the public in this regard.
The Bible contains many subjects such as History, Poetry, Songs, Prayer, Law, Theology, History, Letters, Discussions etc. The Bible also contains science subjects such as Atomic Physics, Chemistry, Hematology, Health, Molecular Biology, Physics, Astronomy, Hydrology, Metrology, Water Cycle, General Science, Hydraulic Force and others.
As the days go by, the cleaning of the road continues and there are also workers who get sick due to the heavy and difficult work due to the fall, throwing and bombing of the stones. they were beaten with rods, they were beaten with bseiñ, and they were beaten with stones and trees.
Up to 13 beautiful girls from Jowai have taken part in the competition. Rimidaka Dkhar has won the second prize while Rosigirl Patlong has won the third prize.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Subroto Cup will start in July.
The three day program for the selected players and coaches has come to an end today, June 4, at the SAI Center on the ground floor of the school. NEHU Shillong.
Patricia said that three years ago she had taken a loan of T.1 lakh from Rosita, but because she was late in paying the money, Rosita forced her to work as a wage labourer. She said that she has been working at Rosita's house for three years without taking a penny, but the T.1 lakh she has taken has not been paid.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Executive Member (EM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Jambor War, on Tuesday said that the present government should not ignore the demarcation of the border. it is the only government that has done this because all the governments in the past have tried to resolve the border issue of the state although their efforts have not been completely successful.
He said that the project of the Robert Hospital is worth Rs 50 to Rs 100 crore and such projects require the support of the central government departments.
Babu Kular KhongjiremAfter the continuous protest of the Adhoc School teachers, the MDA government in Meghalaya has finally agreed to increase their salaries.
Shillong, July 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Saturday launched the 5G service of Airtel.
“The seriousness of the disease is that it is very strong to spread and that it is also a disease that does not appear publicly,” said Sangma. these two causes of the disease.
The HPC has alleged that the plan issued by the government regarding the accommodation of those in Them Ïew Mawlong is still incomplete, insufficient, unfair and unfair. against the inhabitants of this place.
In South West Garo Hills, about 11 tonnes of wild coconut were sent to Mumbai on Tuesday.
Dawki Land Port is located in West Jaintia Hills and is about 55 km from Jowai and about 84 km from Shillong.
And in a democracy, leaders are not empowered to lead but are empowered only to administer and make laws and to pave the way for the good, peace and development of the country. the people of the state or the country.
Donboklang Kharkhongor was named Player of the Match for five wickets.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Kolshi Kathar said that the reason why he started this business is after many difficulties in his life and lack of jobs. Through this playground, he has been able to create and employ other youths in the village.
Another house in Chittibandey in the name of Mohd Jamal Malik, father of accused Maqsood Ahmad Malik in the complaint No. 15/2022 u/s ,20,39 ULA(P) Act, 120-B IPC, 7/25 I, the PS Aragam Act.
At about 9:15 am on Tuesday morning, the body of one of the victims was found from a small house near the beach. Indonesia.
It is said that there are hundreds of them and the number is increasing day by day. It is highly suspected that these foreigners may be Assamese who have been excluded from the NRC of Assam.
“These TMC leaders who are now useless are former members of the Congress and have not taken any action to create opportunities to release this coal mining industry,” said Bah Kharkrang.
On the other hand, DS Mookyrdup expressed her strong condemnation to the JMB for doing this without the knowledge or permission of the village authority.
Regarding this issue, the people of Ri Bhoi Dorbar have had to take another step and that is to meet with the Minister of State in charge of Electricity with a petition to express this issue. The Minister of Electricity and Electricity should take action to talk to the MeECL department so that the people of Ri Bhoi will not face this problem due to the shortage of electricity. MeECL should provide proper electricity supply in Ri Bhoi, he added.
As a leader from Mawlai constituency, Bah Khongwir served as an MLA for 25 years until his retirement from politics in
“Those people who live in Brishyrnot who support Star Cement are Pnars who came from Assam and don't think about the future.
All the residents of Umkiang Village, both men and women of the 10 Dorbar Dongs, are requested to come out on this day and bring a knife to cut down the sanium (forest) on NH-6 and plastic. ne jaboh answer.
They returned home to their respective states amidst a great welcome by the people of their state.
“He told me that he is 85 years old now and in five years he will be 90 years old,” said Dr Mukul.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of the four Congress blocks from Nongstoin, Mairang, Mawthadraishan, Rambrai and Mawshynrut blocks. charge West Khasi Hills and Gabriel Wahlang, Secretary in-charge West Khasi Hills.
He was accompanied by Dr. Krishna Chauhan, Economist, Meghalaya State Planning Board and Enrich GL Nongbri, Law Department, Government of Meghalaya.
On the 16th, the Seng said that as part of the monitoring, the Seng has met with the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang to urge him to talk to the Central Government to urge the The Central Board of School Education (CSD) should allow the students to write the examination in Khasi and Garo as one of the subjects like the ICSE and ISC. Rangbah to talk to the Ministry of Education and the CBsE to allow the examination in Khasi and Garo,” he said. their demand.
Hey there! The Tyr-ut of Smer was closed, and the Raibi was followed.
In the Super Fly Weight category of 50.802, the two teams scored 48-48, 46-40, 48-48 points. kg.
In the men's category, SYM won a cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy, while the runner-up, Nongpoh Proper, won the trophy. They won a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy.
IHM, Shillong will demonstrate how to make food from soh niamtra and others.
Before the distribution of these aid items, the KSU has held a short meeting at the Dorbar Shnong Nongmynsong, Shillong in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Bah Phrang Warjri and the former Secretary Shnong. Ananias Nongdhar, KSU Sengkmie leaders including Samla Cleanstar Shabong and Eddie Malniang, Assistant Organizing Secretary, Allerick Khajana, Assistant Office Secretary and Sonstar Nongkhlaw, President KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle and others. members of Units and Circles.
Those who are willing to pay again, throw away the money.
The Lumshnong Dorbar Shnong, East Jaintia Hills on Saturday elected new office bearers for the term 2022-2
After the death of Dr. Donkupar Roy and after the mid-term elections in Shella constituency, I saw that Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and also our Prime Minister, Dr. Conrad K Sangma and their team All MDAs, pledged to fulfill the vision and aspiration of (L) Dr. Don for the Shella Constituency and the state as a whole.
The aim of this shlem is to create employment opportunities for Khasi youth in our society and our aim is to “Kyntiew Ïa La Ki Jong” in foreign languages. you are “Uplift Our Own”.
The Association of Rural Bank Officers has also reminded that its members , despite their busy schedule , have rushed to be with and console the relatives of the husband and children of the deceased She recalled that she had been with him from the day of the post mortem until the cleaning of his body.
The airport has now started to implement the necessary infrastructure to achieve this goal.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) (RDA), UDP and HSPDP have arrived in Amlarem Constituency to hold a public meeting to seek support for the joint candidate to contest the election under the banner of the UDP. Robertjune Kharjahrin on October 13th.
We are not ready to use solar and wind energy or we are not ready to install coal-fired power plants even though this resource is abundant in the state.
This may lead to difficulties in discussion in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
You will continue to live in your home.
She won the Best Actress Award for Guide (1965) and Neel Kamal (1968).
Think of others and don't feel stupid.
As soon as Krishna reached Shillong today, he met with the news reporters, telling them about his journey to different states with his mother which they started on the 16th of Jan 2018 from Mysore itself.
Besides these seven persons, there are others who have been involved.
Similarly, last month, Israel retaliated against Syria after several missiles were fired into Israel from Iran.
During the raid, police seized 1.25 grams of heroin from a tin and arrested seven persons. They are Miss Sujata Chettri (22) @ Yanki and Miss Zonunmawii Pachuau (21). ), Rohit Barua (21), Rakesh Barua (22) of 4th Furlong Polo, Sujoy Ghosh (22) of Pynthorbah Block-1 and Pranjit Chayengia (22) of Dhankheti.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Staising Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools.
Dawki: The Khasi people living in the villages on the border with Bangladesh, have been facing problems due to the lack of electricity and besides, these people are also facing problems due to the lack of network in many villages. villages in the area.
Let us now see, what is the wealth and what is the problem that arises from the wealth? If our Chiefs from the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Doloi, do not wealth, our country will not be lost. and that our fellow countrymen should live in peace without any struggle and bloodshed.
Rupang also tried to contact the Minister of Water Affairs, Bah Samlin Malngiang but he turned off his mobile phone.
Ma Nujor Sungoh Local MLA was also elected as the Adviser of the NGO.
Many villages in the rural areas do not have roads.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Donboklang Marweiñ as the Chief Guest, Bah Sunshine Lyngdoh Sordar Village Mawrusyiar as the Symbud Chief Guest, the elders of the village and the people who came to witness the game.
The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Jaintia Hills District has been directed to set up a Peace Committee to restore peace and order in Khanduli. , West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking at Dalu, Dr Mukul once again criticized the NPP-led MDA government for its failure to inaugurate many projects and asked, “They have admitted that they have I have given the civil subdivision, but I would like to ask, have all these things been done in a hurry just to show that it has been opened? Have they not inaugurated the building two days before it was erected?” Dr Mukul said that the government has taken away the equipment, and only a few days after the opening ceremony, all the these items were taken away and nothing is left now.
The SP said that the HANM members also threatened the owner of the guest house which frightened the owner and the visitors as well.
CALORIE BURNING FROM SMILE:— Smile is said to reduce the production of hormones such as cortisol which can reduce weight gain in the body.
Others who do not wish to return should be relocated according to peaceful means, so as not to violate human rights.
Also present on the occasion was the Advisor to the Minister of Education, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang.
Shillong Lajong Football Club will prepare for their final match of the Second Division League 2022-23 against East Bengal on Saturday in Shillong.
The family members of the deceased said this while speaking at a candlelight vigil organized by the Awakening India Movement (AIM) at Khyndailad this evening with the participation of hundreds of people.
“Therefore, under your leadership as Lamphang, it is very painful for me as a member of the minority of this country and a person elected by the people to the Legislative Assembly,” he said. Ali.
The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) has won 10 medals in the WAKO India National Kickboxing Championship held in Ranchi, Jharkhand. be the youngest player at the age of
“Your receipt of this award will also be a good example to set an example to other villages, so that other neighboring villages will know and see the value of cleanliness,” said Bah R.Kharbihkhiew. .
In these articles, it is written that while the people of the country are still starving, the government is increasingly trying to spy on various leaders.
We urge other political parties who have not yet supported ILP to support us because if we all demand ILP together the government will listen and implement the ILP soon.
Therefore, the union demands that the PWD department should take immediate action and take responsibility to repair this road. The union also said that the PWD department should have repaired the road from Mawkaton to Nongkasen.
One from Nagaland, Parvaj Bhuiya from Tripura and Rakesh Pradhan from Assam.
The KHADC wants to remove the words “Except the courts under the Sixth Schedule”.
Ronnie said that in fact according to the CAG report at the end of October, 2021, there are 215 Utilization Certificates (UC) worth T.1765.86 crore remaining in the Accountant General's book. and 62 projects in Meghalaya have been suspended.
“When I wanted to buy ration, the price of rice was T.4 per kilo and this price was not decided in the village because according to the order the government should distribute it at the price. T.3 tyngka per kilo and three kilos per head"
In the darkness of the fire, The birds sing with a holy voice;
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The results of the mid-term elections announced today in Nongstoiñ Constituency 2020 have shown that the HSPDP has become stronger and stronger with the votes received by its candidate Bah Diosstar. Jyndiang, who is the driver of Maieid Hoping's car, has won more votes than Maieid Hoping in
It was learned that in the Pynursla area, some houses have been destroyed by the storm.
He said that two major projects were inaugurated in Jharkhand today.
Another GNLA member, Hadeo Momin, also known as Karak, was also present at the time of the attack.
One of the leaders of HANM said that the current reservation policy cannot be changed and the Winter Season of the Assembly should be brought to Garo.
On the other hand, the Commissioner of Food Security, Kong RM Kurbah, who said that krai is an endangered species.
Shillong, March 07 : The Meghalaya cricket team has lost the opening match of the Vinoo Mankad Trophy, a One Day match for the U-19 (boys) category by six wickets. Odisha won the match in Pune.
Of all these varieties of soh which I have mentioned here, the most commonly grown in these countries of the world is the sohniamtra.
She has been able to appear on the political stage to contest the election from Saran constituency where Lalu was previously elected to the Lok Sabha.
Punjab scored the first goal in the 16th minute after Paramjit Singh struck the ball into the net.
It is on Lum Shyllong that we witness the 'Singing Rangbah of Man and Ap Jutang of God' as a Nation, a Religion, a Culture as commanded by God the Creator to be the Call of Mankind and the Feeling of Mankind. Listen to God the Creator.
It may be recalled that on Saturday, thousands of rawon and residents from all over the districts such as East Khasi Hills and three districts of West Khasi Hills, flocked to the competition venue at Pamphyrnai. but which has also brought about a tragic incident in which the soul of the newborn child has been lost.
The Taliban have captured the city of Jalalabad today without any resistance from Afghan troops.
Meanwhile, Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw, the chief guest, praised the village for its ability to create various methods to raise funds for the needs of the village. “My contribution may be the smallest, but it is a sign of support for the good of the village. Speaking at the meeting, said Bah Jrop.
Today alone, 36 cases have been confirmed, including 32 cases in East Khasi Hills, 12 BSF personnel, one soldier and 19 others.
It is time for the people to cleanse themselves of the sohpailen, the brainwashing at this time to elect leaders by thinking and the same people even four or five times when the state. I don't think so, but we should think again to elect new MLAs, who have a vision, who are clean, whose policies are clear, who benefit the people, not just to be happy. schemes once every five years to get a day's wages to vote.
The Court also informed that the information collected from these CCTV cameras will be monitored and managed through a control room.
Last April, the National Green Tribunal had issued an order banning the mining of shyiap without the authority of the relevant government department.
Besides saying that his wife and children are now in great sorrow and grief, from the arrest of Bah Jeskalur, he said that his child is suffering.
In addition, the High Court said that if there are any special programs or employment opportunities for the child to work or if there is an opportunity to send her to school, the government will have to provide assistance. so that the child can live a full and healthy life.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today convened a meeting of officials to expedite the construction of the Polo Market as Time Square in New York, USA.
However, it is surprising that not a single government official has expressed his regret or dissatisfaction with the construction of the building which was inaugurated by Amit Shah, Minister of State for Home Affairs. in India.
Speaking to media, the President of KAS, Dr.DRL Nonglait said that until now the Khasi language is still only the Associate Official Language and therefore they want to promote it as the Official Language.
However, the Chief Guest promised that he will take action to follow up on all these issues which the Hima has brought before him in collaboration with the MLA of the area.
Here I write what I see and not what I see, and I think all the readers also understand this truth because this is an age when the poor have no place and the rich and the powerful have no place. The righteousness of the poor dies, while the sin of the rich lives. When will the sword of the land come again? To preserve righteousness and truth.
The foundation stone of the hospital, which was laid yesterday, was funded by the Ministry of AYUSH National AYUSH Mission at a cost of T.12 crore.
He also directed to conduct regular raids, patrols by vehicles and on foot in areas known to be GNLA hideouts to curb the activities of the group in Garo Hills.
Let us show that, if we are intelligent people, we should say don't work with the NPP because I don't like it.
Meghalaya has urged the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of CUET due to the many problems faced by the students of the State.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki, has issued another notice to close down all Coke Factories or illegal coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
When they got their own people to marry, they brought them to their places to cultivate lyngkha in the past. The four brothers lived in the east of the country. go slowly to the west of the land.
During the inspection, the FKJGP leaders also had a meeting with the Lecturer.
A better house can be built with foreign dew, which also depends on the ability of the pig farmers.
This is the truth of Meghalaya.
So far, the bodies have been wrapped in cardboard boxes to bury the 172 bodies of those who died of the disease and then there are 3,500 others who have died. just got the disease.
I am a riew tymmen who doesn't have the right to wear, the true faith.
It is heard from time to time that agriculture is the “BUDLUM” of the country and the government says that it is committed to helping the farmers, even the fertilizers that the farmers get in abundance. the years that have passed are no longer available.
He said that he was just participating in the office yesterday and he received information from the director that he will be present to welcome the players of our state. He said that he will be in the office for only one day and will be able to take part in this day.
We are grateful that the youth of Meghalaya are blessed to have a program for them.
“We condemn the OC for shooting at the youths without any reason,” said Samla Diengdoh. He said that the incident happened during the time when there was no curfew or night curfew. They were not members of the party.
Meanwhile, doctors of NEIGRIHMS under the banner of the Resident Doctors Association (RDA) have strongly condemned the shooting of pediatricians especially Dr P Mukherjee of NEIGRIHMS. NRSMCH hospital, Kolkata has confirmed the death of a man from a heart attack.
The HYC leaders have met with the Executive Chairman of the Board, Bah EP Kharbhih and urged him not to take any action because according to the RTI, there are many students who do not take the Khasi subject.
Garo leaders, including Sunmoon Marak, President of the GSU, Rikomuni Marak, said that if it happens in any way, they will oppose if these places where they live go to the GSU. Assam, because according to their understanding, they said that this current arrangement means that even those areas which are not included in the border dispute, but during the inspection by the officials of Meghalaya and Assam, such as These lands were included in Assam.
In his speech, Sangma said that this is a waste of public money and time as well.
Thus, by decorating the Christmas Tree, we remind ourselves that just as salvation came through the Cross, so salvation came through the Cross.
They said that Assam is the worst affected state and is known as the hotspot of Corona virus in the North-East.
“On the other hand, he said that seven people have lost their lives and more than 2800 households have been affected by the floods in the state.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, a father of the students and Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndep, Bah Jinu Kharbuki said that there has been a For about 10 months, parents have enrolled their children in various colleges, but until now there has been no full enrollment for their children due to the Meghalaya College. The Teachers Association (MCTA) is in talks with the Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla.
Speaking at an election campaign rally held by the party at Mawlai Petrol Pump on Tuesday evening, Ardent said he sympathizes with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. He was turned away by his followers when they said that he should have come to deliver a speech inside the Mawlai Stand Bus and in the election campaign the people of Mawlai will come out, but dozens of people came. At the meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) in recent days, they were not Mawlai residents even though Prestone had spoken well at the meeting.
Shillong: The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the immediate release of Champion R Sangma, the founder of the GNLA. The state government has said that the arrest of Champion is illegal.
Bah Syiem said it is an honor for the Altus Global Alliance, which is responsible for the working of the police around the world to promote human rights and work for the welfare of the people, It is a matter of pride that Pasture Beat House has been selected as the cleanest police station in the state.
