The needs of the people look at the work of states and districts in terms of access to nutritious food and health care, water and sanitation, safety and shelter.
These houses belong to Bini Shyll and (L) Darling Chyrmang.
However, it is also considered by many to be the most important medicine for health.
In the other two constituencies, Zikzak, BJP candidate Bhupendra Hajong won with 9458 votes, Congress candidate Jogadish Hajong came second with 8973 votes. NPP candidate Boston Marak with 5532 votes followed by Congress candidate Mopish R Marak with 4068 votes.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) is deeply saddened to learn of the passing away of Rev. Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh.
On this occasion, a meeting was held to meet with the parents of these 5 Khunswet children from Wahiajer-Ummulong.
The struggle of the household, the village, the nation, the kingdom...immediately leads to destruction.
MLAs should know the destiny of their own State, they should not just obey the politicians of the BHARAT SARKAR.
“In addition, the Government should continue to bring peace and at the same time take steps to hold talks with all armed groups to protect the minorities of Manipur so that peace will be Last year, NESO launched a bloodshed mission in Manipur, and will continue this mission with the participation of various groups from for the sake of peace and stability in Manipur.
Among the ethnic groups in the North East of India, the Santhali and Rabha from Assam, the Mizo from Mizoram, the Mao from Nagaland, the Galo from Arunachal Pradesh, Debbarman is from Tripura and Khasi is from Meghalaya.
Kor Sympli, Vice President of the UDP EJH, Drowley Lapasam and MDC candidates from Jaintia Hills, Drowley Lapasam.
Sources said the NPP's move came after an offer from the Congress to join hands and end the remaining term.
All this is not to promote the present age, but to proclaim the ancestors who were founded on a strong custom.
The State Leaders, when thinking of setting up cities for the authorities, aimed to ensure unbiased economic development and inclusion in various regions,” she said.
Its height is 144 cubits (the measure of angels) and not man's.
In this regard, the district administration of West Jaintia Hills has also encouraged the bank to provide assistance to the residents of the district especially in the remote rural areas.
Perhaps it will be so, when this lockdown ends, our people will dance, hold feasts, eat and drink, gather in sports grounds, markets and places of worship. god.
Police have seized two mobile phones, T.2500 cash and the vehicle used to transport the drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Deputy Commissioner, EKHD, Shillong, Isawanda Laloo today announced that the Government of India through the Ministry of Home Affairs has awarded the Jeevan Raksha Padak Series to the Hero Award. of Awards, 2022" for brave deeds, namely in rescuing fellow human beings in incidents such as floods, fires, electricity outages, earthquakes, animal attacks and above rescue operations from mine sites and others.
Jaunpur (UP): When the money bag was empty, a robber, who was very clever, robbed his wife and when he lost his robber, he had to allow his friends to rob him. you're right.
Therefore, the public is requested to keep clean and do not throw garbage and follow the instructions of the authorities so that there will be no garbage. you are accused.
We feel that these two parts of the Bill should continue to protect the land owners of this state,” said ARPA Chairman Bah Metbah Lyngdoh after opening the meeting on Tuesday.
Bah Samlin said that when they demand the suspension of the murderer, he is pleased to give his support because as we know that the incident has happened and it is true, why should we think? arcian license.
"Yes," said Bah. "Yes, you seem to have a good time with you..." Lanosha stopped. Then they all laughed and jammed together.
When asked about reports that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) is trying to revive, Rakkam said the government will consider whether it is the demand of the GNLA or the HNLC. .
Speaking to reporters, the Sordar of the village, Bah Raison Nongrum, said that this is because some religious leaders have come to mislead the residents by intimidating the Aadhaar.
The purpose of implementing the scheme is to monitor the delivery and delivery of food items to the Food Corporation of India (FCI) warehouse to avoid misuse.
ARC beat Hynniewtrep FC 4-0 in the second round of the tournament at the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Saturday of last month at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium.
On the many candidates who are preparing to contest from Shillong North, Bah Adelbert said, “I am contesting the election not on the basis of money but on a clean and transparent basis.
At present we don't agree to have any restrictions but we can't say that this disease will never come again and it all depends on the situation in the world.
Here are the statuses and powers that can be followed in the making of laws.
In an announcement, the Chief Electoral Officer of Nagaland said that up to 70 cases have been registered related to illegal activities that occurred during the election. hold elections to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: Khliehriat Women will face East Khasi Hills Women's League in Shillong while Mawkyrwat will face West Khasi Hills Women's Club in the semi final tomorrow. of the Chief Minister State Level U-12 Football Tournament
Media reports said that the election campaign in Chokpot has not only brought sympathy to Clifford's wife, but the Congress is also very strong, and that is why the NPP is still watching closely. and you want to fight against Conrad Sangma and not against the Congress.
It also causes leukemia and other blood diseases.
He said that this large-scale investment will contribute to the target of 10 billion US dollars.
“I am not involved, the allegations are only out of hatred and a desire to remove me from the government,” he said.
The Minister also informed that 200 Prime Agriculture Response Vehicles will be distributed this year.
He said that Bah Anthony said that the health centers in the area need to improve their services not only to improve the buildings but also to ensure that there is enough doctors, medicines. and treatment options.
The winner of the season will receive a cash prize of 40,000/- (forty thousand) tyngka and the runner up will receive 20,000/- (twenty thousand) tyngka.
St. Michael and All Angel's Secondary School, Jowai has won the first prize in writing. The second prize was awarded to the Dongmihsngi SSA. LP School and the third prize went to Thadlaboh UP SSA School.
They are like the rich young man who ran away from Jesus.
JOWAI: The turnout of voters for the election of MDCs to the two councils has reached 85 per cent in JHADC and 76 per cent in KHADC according to the counts received till 9PM from the polling stations. .
The USS Bainbridge reportedly rescued 21 of the 44 crew members from a known location near the Strait of Hormuz.
The Dorbar Shnong requests all the residents of the village to attend the cleanliness drive and at the same time, requests all those who have land to come to the office before the cleanliness drive.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has allocated T1500 to T2000 crore for the construction of the National Games Ground at Umsawli in Mawdiangdiang.
He was speaking at the opening of the NPP office in Mawlai Nongmali, 1, 2 and 3 of the 17th North Shillong Constituency.
The winner of the tournament received a cash prize and a trophy.
“The government should be the authority in the issuance of epics because if we lose our rights we will be ruled by other ethnic groups,” said Daniel Khyriem. protect the nation's small paid.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 31: The National People's Party (NPP) in Nongstoiñ, has welcomed new members from time to time. those who joined from other parties.
Team Swacch Bharat Mission, led by Bah JS Kharshandi MCS ADC Ri Bhoi as Chairman, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Kong Albarin Shangpliang, member of Swacch. Bharat Mission together with the office bearers of the Mawspeng Farmers Market.
The winner received 16974 votes, defeating MP Vincent H Pala with 1828 votes, while Vincent Pala received 15146 votes. the people of the constituency.
The State Government is well aware that the Government's ration will not be able to feed the people of the State and should find ways and means on this issue; However, the surprising thing is that the Food and Beverage Department of the State Government, until now, has been looking away and does not want to work hard against the stomachvirus.
Speaking at a meeting held at Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi on Friday to seek support for the NPP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, said that 4-5 candidates to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong.
The Chairperson of the MSCPCR, Iamonlang Syiem, said that in the history of the world, most of the children have not had a voice and thus they have suffered from what happens in the world. Their lives depend on themselves, even if they are beaten or tortured and even if they are tortured.
The proverb of Aesop says that the poor man thinks he will be happy when he becomes rich, but he has a vision, which the poor man does not know.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 24 : Rangblang (A) Sports Club today won the Basketball Tournament by 60 to 10 points against the Health Department Mawkyrwat. Part of the celebration of International Women's Day organized by the office of the District Sports Promotion Society, South West Khasi Hills District.
ENTERTAINMENT CAN ALSO HELP WITH LONGEVITY:— One of the studies conducted by Norwegian scientists found that those who are mentally strong live longer than those who lack intelligence.
Our young people are in more than enough society to build themselves" he said.
While the remaining work is underway.
Five persons have been arrested on charges of involvement in the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
“These sub-centers do not have enough roads and it is necessary to build the roads.
“The people of Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh have shown their love for the BJP. Even in Telangana, the support of the people for the BJP has increased,” he said.
By 4 pm, only 400 out of 1044 voters in Umtasor Mawdkar had been able to cast their votes due to the slow voting procedure.
The petition states that from Jorabat to Ratacherra, there are five such parking bridges and there are others under construction on the Guwahati highway.
“We can achieve this goal because we have plans and policies to succeed,” said Conrad and added that these strategies to achieve this goal should improve health, education. , agriculture and construction or development projects besides employment opportunities for educated youth.
It is for this reason that scientists have said that the population growth in the countryside is 4 percent or 5 percent but the production of food is still low every year.
The best way is to file a Civil Suit to evict those people from that place.
JSU Labang Nangphyllut Circle on Thursday held a meeting and traditional dance program in Labang Nongphyllut area which is one of the dead areas which falls on the border with Assam and Meghalaya.
Thank you Mr. L. Hynniewta and Mr. A Kharmudai.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has urged the government to expedite the sending of relief goods to those farmers who have been affected by the natural disasters across the Khasi Hills.
In the third match, Luti Tuber Ialong beat Mukhla Raij 3-1 goals. Bishar Lhuid scored the first goal in the 31st minute. Richard Dhar in the 49th minute and Shwaki Dhar in the 59th minute.
The President was accompanied by Governor Phagu Chauhan, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Tura MP Agatha K Sangma, former Defense Minister James K Sangma and Mother Soradini. K Branch.
“We are fighting for opinion and our party is fighting against friendly and family rule”.
Balious said that he joined the Congress party not because he wanted to strengthen the Congress party, but because he wanted to contest the MDC election. The East Jaintia Hills District Congress Committee (CDC) today announced nine MDC candidates for the 2019 MDC election. Philip Tangliang, incumbent MDC, will contest from Jalaphet Sumer, Hopingstone Bareh, incumbent MDC, will contest from Jalaphet Bri Sutnga, Balious Swer from Bataw Lakadong and Philip Bamon from Khliehriat. Rymbai, Ma Michael Nongtdu from Sutnga Nongkhlieh, said that the candidates for Bapung and Tuber constituencies have not yet been decided and the date has been set for the final decision on 29th November
It is pleasant to hear the good intentions and determination of the government for the development and welfare of the people of the state. Police Outpost to Police Station and then from Administrative Unit to Civil Sub-Division as well as from Primary Health Center to Community Health Center and so on.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President Ernest Mawrie has said that the people of the state should allow the BJP to hold power in the state so that they can get the schemes. The MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has failed to implement these developments in the state.
On the other hand, the annual general meeting of the KJDSTA, which was held in the afternoon, has confirmed the post of president of Bah ED Nongsiang.
He also criticized the executive committee for not respecting the release of funds by the state government to the JHADC from the land revenue share which was released by the order of the Meghalaya High Court after the judgment of the union. JHADC staff association staff.
Thus the 1290 days were the most difficult times, of which Daniel foretold by saying, "And there shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
Shillong: The relatives of a woman have lodged a complaint with the Sadar Police Station to strongly oppose the bail of two friends before they were arrested.
But God is watching over us because His Word has spoken of it as “the remaining part”.
The MLA of Nongthymmai Constituency, on receiving the information that there was a fire in Rynjah, immediately rushed to the scene to meet with the relatives.
However, in the second half, Rangdajied were able to force and play halfway in an attempt to score, but due to the strong support of Mawlai's defenders and the skill of Mawlai. Kol didn't manage to score even after having many chances and thus had to face the defeat.
The VPP contest could increase his vote despite the criticism that he will fall.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The HSPDP will announce the names of its candidates for the 2018 MLA elections this month.
He said that the Council has explained to the people of Khanduli from time to time that they should not fight only for the village but as the village they should hold on to the decision of the government. “Status Quo” while the second round of border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam will continue.
The Government of India's introduction of the rule of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 has stirred up the North East as well as other states in India especially in parts of Eastern India.
Corruption is everywhere.
“We are shocked how the HSPDP has supported the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma, when all the ethnic parties don't even want to attend the meeting, I don't understand on what basis the HSPDP supports the government,” he said. said Mr. Bindo.
He said that this has caused a lot of trouble to the public especially those who have vehicles carrying patients to Shillong for treatment only because it is open for a long time and sometimes until 8:30 am or 9am no one has opened the hospital. pump.
Therefore, I also know, as the former Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, that Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA has made a mistake, when he appeared in the Legislative Assembly on I pray earnestly at all times, to ask my fellow leaders, to join us in the remembrance of God in such a time of trouble, when, besides the Coronavirus, the storm Amphan, sa The collapse of the mountains, the rivers, the floods of the seas, the snowstorms began to destroy the crops, the lightning struck the white sky, and such things which darkened and destroyed the souls of the people.
The woman was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for treatment after she complained of difficulty in breathing.
The body was post mortem on 4th November and buried at the Mawblei Presbyterian Church (Sepngi) on the same day.
We have heard that the police arrest those who speak against same-sex marriage.
A section of the road between the NH-51 between Dalu and Tura collapsed this evening after heavy rains in the area since last month.
The union also found that this student is a foreigner using the syrnot of Thangskai village in East Jaintia Hills and the parents of this student are workers of the Cement Plant Company and the village has issued the syrnot. resident for only six months.
Paiem Ricky has been appointed as the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima after the KHADC removed the former Syiem Latho Manik Syiem after many ministers of Mylliem Hima lodged complaints against him. on allegations of wrongdoing in the affairs of the Hima.
On the 25th of June, the DC called another meeting and ordered that the village of Maitdein should stop working in these areas until further notice.
Mairang, March 27: As part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongstoin in collaboration with the District Sports Promotion Society, Nongstoiñ, in collaboration with the The Fit India Freedom Run 3.0 was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, Mairang on Friday morning.
It is this forced increase in class sizes in 2020 and 2021 which has affected the students especially those who are average or below in their knowledge.
How can I punish you who are not Rangbah Shnong of the factory? Please breathe your last. You are the 3 Rangbah Shnong of Thangskai Wahiajer Cheruphi. I'm not responsible for everything...don't worry too much.
Shillong: UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday said that the UDP has not demanded a new post for the post of Speaker of the House but has said that it needs to appoint another member after the sudden death of another member. Dr Donkupar Roy, who is in charge of this project.
Therefore, the MDC urged the leaders of the DNNT to work harder so that they can continue to carry out the activities of the Namsha Nongtaring Christian Endeavor Union.
Therefore, the WHO should leave India because it will buy the country and the citizens will become slaves to live in the country.
Elizabeth, Batskhem and Pynshngaiñ have been selected to take part in the national team for the International Canoe Slalom Tournament to be held in Russia in November this year.
Police immediately investigated the incident and found that the suspect was in Assam. They immediately rushed to Barundanga PS in Tamarhat Dhubri, Assam.
Speaking to media, the President of HANM said, “The HANM itself believes that it is not right to accuse and criticize; There are shortcomings and shortcomings, but I don't want to blame the MDA government for not being able to work as a party.
The affected areas are the villages under the Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong Cantonment Board, Nongthymmai and Mawlai.
Of these, 4 are in hospital for treatment.
And that father is the Rangbah Hynniewtrep who is also the Longkpa Hynniewtrep, not the Longkpa Mynder or the foreigner.
Kong B Mukhim also ordered the village to suspend the authorization to set up a shohdoh in the river.
Shillong, July 12: Police of Mawlai PS on Tuesday recovered the body of an unidentified man from Umroro, a river near Umiam Lake, East Khasi Hills.
The program was inaugurated by the Paiem of Khyrim Hima, Dr. B.Syiem as the Chief Guest in the presence of the Bakhraw, Ministers and Lyngdohs of the Raid Nongkrem and also the office bearers of the Nongkrem Dorbar. Round.
On October 20, 2015, Josna said that her house burnt down, but at that time there was no one in the house and she and her two children escaped. She said that the next morning she went back to her house but found that her house had burnt down.
Von Braun's book also states that there are two houses of Parliament which make laws in the government and the upper house is the Council of the Elders. There are 60 members, who are members for life, and who are elected by Elon.
The closure of trade at three of these checkpoints has resulted in a loss of T.23 lakh per day, in the amount of about 10,000 vehicles, passing through these checkpoints, of which one The truck will have to pay T.260 per tonne tax to the State Government or T.2,340 per vehicle for 9 tonnes of goods. to T.4.6 crore and if calculated over four months, the loss will reach T.18 to T.20 crore.
On the 29th of July last year, the State Government submitted the blueprint to the HPC during the meeting.
They arrived at Myriaw at 10:30 pm.
Regarding the enactment of the Right to Information by the Central Government, Bah Syrpailin Sohlang, former Sordar of Markasa Village, said that since the Central Government approved the enactment of the Right to Information in 2005, in 2006 he started implementing the Act, by going to the Information Commissioner for clarification and after receiving clarification on how to apply and seek information according to the provisions of the Act, he tried and his efforts paid off.
LSN Dykes on Friday imposed a micro containment on Thadialong village in Laskein Block.
The Pastor informed about the hard work of the missionaries while they were in Khasi Hills during the distribution of the Word of God at the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Provisional Synod Central II held at the Church. Umpling Presbyterian, which falls under Laitumkhrah Presbytery which will start on 1st October and end on 3rd October 2024 at Windermere.
It is expected that within a few months, the foundation stone will be laid to start the construction.
From the Father, the Mother and the children.
Syiem won the election after the ARPA candidate Metbah Lyngdoh withdrew his nomination papers before the dorbar.
On the other hand, Andrew Langstieh, Patron of the Meghalaya Squash Raquet Association, said that only those who have been fully vaccinated against Covid-19 can participate in the tournament. .
“How many days will we be able to use the road?” the HNYF asked the PWD. The HNYF has requested the government and the PWD to come and see and “The road is the backbone of development, but like this construction of the road, forget the development, we need to rebuild the road every you month.
The report, published in the Daily Mail, said that some patients have four eyes and tears, indicating that the disease has started to enter the body.
Therefore, regarding the construction of public toilets in the villages, the union demands from the government departments in charge of these toilets to take action regarding the construction of these toilets. Public toilets, so that they can be used by the masses, should not be built like the previous ones, because it has become a waste of public money.
The contractor has lodged a complaint with the Raliang Police Station and the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert said that the closure of Motphran and Khyndai Lad is a great loss to those who earn in the morning and eat in the evening.
A total of 65 people from Maharashtra have tested positive for covid
Earlier, Nathan Ellis was appointed as a replacement for the injured Jhye Richardson.
The infection rate of staff or patients at NEIGHRIMS, has been observed to be slightly higher.
Shillong: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) and the JCCCV have demanded that the Meghalaya government should curb the free entry of foreign vehicles into tourist destinations. (Tourist spot) in Meghalaya.
Listen to the prophet Isaiah describe the look on Jesus’ face as he hung on the cross: “As many stared at you, (His countenance was more ugly than any man’s, and the form than the sons of men” (Isaiah 52:14).
Shillong, June 16: The Garo Law Promoter Association (AIA) has filed a complaint with the High Court against the citizenship of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. the Supreme Court of India.
Before the election of the rangbah Sankur, Waheh Sankur, Wahh Langdoh, Wahh Suna, Wahh Sari, Wahh Niam Chutia, Wahh Khrong 3 houses and Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai Constituency who is also the Waheh Sankur. son of the King of Mukhla.
It is made in the image of a king who is looking forward to the battlefield, holding firmly the sword and spear and ready to sacrifice himself for the sake of the country and the nation.
“If the DC cannot do this as expected by the job seekers, it is better for him to step down immediately as the Head of District in East Jaintia Hills.
On the occasion of the Independence Day, there were traditional dances and patriotic dances with the participation of children from various schools in the district. Morning Glory Secondary School, Ladrymbai came second and Oxford Secondary School (Girls) came second. There was also a friendly football match between the Officers Club of East Jaintia Hills District and the Khliehriat Bar Association. The Association Football Ground, Dieñchynrum, also donated to the girls and boys living in Children's Homes.
The government has not been filled and no jobs have been provided.
It is reported that in many places there have been severe damage such as landslides, landslides and others.
Regarding the announcement of the candidates for the first round, Bah Metbah said a meeting of the party will be held in the next few days, where they will be able to release the names of the candidates.
The awards were distributed at the closing ceremony of the WNTD celebration on 31st June at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Therefore, in order for both the markets to run smoothly, they urged the managers of the Nepali market to change and hold it on Sunday and the Khasi market. it is always on Wednesday as it always is because it has been organized since its inception.
When asked whether the Congress has proposed anything until he turned away from his UDP and ARPA allies, Hadrian said it has not proposed anything. When asked whether he wants the Congress ticket in the 2018 MLA election, he said that the ticket belongs to the Congress party. “If the Congress allows him, he will contest, but at present there is no discussion on the election ticket,” he said.
He said that in these days, sports is not only a sport that entertains the spectators, but it is also a way to earn money which can provide employment. It also brings about a healthy body as well as freedom from many evil deeds.
When looking at the vehicle, the body was seen in the middle of the road while the head was on the head of the truck.
The nurse and the children were also taken away by the Police.
The oil field project started in 2011 and was completed in
Speaking to reporters in Jowai, Shemhok, who is also the secretary of the UDP Raliang, said that the reason he decided to contest is that if he reaches the goal he will reform the working methods within the party. The constituency is focused on the development of the villages, education, health especially the road which is the backbone of income.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the opposition should not do politics in such an incident but should work together to bring peace and stability.
Only time will tell whether they will be able to create a world to complete this stadium.
“More than a month has passed and we don’t know how much longer.
KNIKMS President Pearlet Toi, Chairman Drama Competition Jait Dao Sumer and others were the chief guests.
The purpose of this tournament is to develop the talents of the youth in various sports so that they can take part in higher competitions such as the National Games and the National Level.
Meghalaya BJP Voice President Khrawboklang Basawiawmoit and BJP National Council Member David Kharsati also took part in the rally.
This can be done in consultation with teachers, school principals, Government officials and Doordarshan management.
Making his debut this season, after there was uncertainty over his future at the club, the France international scored in his first attempt. the second goal much later.
Guwahati: The deletion of the name of the city of Kimin in Arunachal Pradesh and showing that it falls within the border of Assam has sparked anger among various political parties. The four organizations today lodged a complaint against Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu and Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju.
Only 200 out of 4500 players have reached this stage of the program which was held in all districts of the state in the past few days and months. Now.
Scientists have confirmed that the 1,115-foot or 340-meter-high body will not collide with the Earth, but will be visible clearly during its journey, despite its shape. , will be much smaller than its original size.
Historians say that William Tyndale first brought the Bible to the common people and translated and published several books for the common people in
There was a traditional dance by the children of Ladwah Wapung Village.
Para Ri, God the Creator loves us very much.
This was announced by Rakkam A Sangma while speaking to reporters after he was appointed Minister of Education.
On this occasion, the Minister also presented gifts to the women of the village, as well as to the young children who have passed well in the 2023 Examination.
Besides, it is alleged that those who oppose the public hearing to mine Star Cement in the area are foreigners and have no responsibility for the development and have no responsibility for the environmental impact,” he said. KS Information.
However, the people of Umroi constituency have not respected his skills as a leader. The people of Umroi constituency have been misled and misled by other unfair practices during the election. .
The Golden Boot was won by Gabriel Nongrum who scored 15 goals.
“The Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya have met again in June 2023 to take forward the work for the remaining seven border areas.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia, BD Marak in his speech as the chief guest praised the Social Welfare Department and NGOs for taking part and taking the initiative to conduct many public awareness campaigns in the district to eradicate drug abuse. .
Since 2016, the Seng has turned to the goal of providing assistance to school children from poor families.
I worked for Hitachi as a software engineer.
“The district authorities have given permission for us to hold this procession which started from Keating Road to Cantonment Ground but when we decided to go to parts of Mawprem after we got permission from the office of the “We have been blocked,” said RSS General Secretary Pawnam Khongsni in an interview with Mawphor.
Police have arrested one of the smugglers from the area and are conducting investigation to track down those involved in the smuggling.
“This is the time to renew this policy, we support this and it will also be one of the issues to be included in the BJP election manifesto,” he said.
He also said that he himself would be separated in the days to come.
Until now, many residents of Meghalaya, especially the rural areas, are still afraid of the medicine spray of the Indian government because of the fake news of the exploiters.
Rangdajied United beat Malki 2-1
AITC spokesperson Saket Gokhale stressed the need to expose the allegations between the MDA government and UPRNNL and Badri Rai & Co.
They promise and ask for time to complete within 10 months but every month they promise to do something until the work is stalled and it is the fault of the High Level Committee (HLC) of this MDA government. The urgent signing of the MOU between the Chief Minister of Assam and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to resolve the border issue has complicated and changed the situation between the two countries. that state.
Besides, like in Umïam, the Nehru Park, if there is a collaboration between the Electricity Department and the Tourism Department, the park can be made more beautiful by installing various attractions. visitors.
We are sorry and this shows the government's bias towards the students,” said Samla Enlang Sawian and added that the youth should not be fooled by the five year scheme of the Congress politicians just for the sake of elections.
In the semi final in the Under 14-Boys category, Lumpyrtuh Secondary School beat Laishnong HS School 3-1 by tie-breaker while HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Laishnong HS School 3-1 RC Eve Secondary School beat RC Eve Secondary School 4-3 in the tie-breaker.
Therefore, he urged the residents to be careful while driving, to provide the necessary documents and to follow all the rules and regulations to avoid any accidents or incidents. He said that the opening of the DTO office in Mairang will ensure that the rules and regulations of the Transport Department are followed by all the residents for the safety of drivers, passengers and all the residents. .
A total of 73 people were arrested and brought before the court.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ms Victoria Kharnaior, Chairman of the Umsning Block Development and Monitoring Committee, said that the decision to move the office is appropriate so that it can provide adequate services. for the entire Block.
This is the first time that people with disabilities have the opportunity to express their aspirations in life and this shows that we need a change in society with the goal of including everyone in development activities without leaving anyone behind.
Taking the first innings, the Elite XI set a target of 157 runs for nine wickets in 20 overs.
Through the MoU, it will also be agreed to have exchange visits between students from NEHU as well as students from Mauritius.
He urged the people not to use such SIM cards or signals from other countries while in India.
When asked about the court's rejection of the complaint, Riangtem said, “It is our fault, because different associations have emerged, but now we don't have to go to the Court because you don't have any more money".
He said that in many cases it has been seen that young players from the area have had to go from one person to another to ask for help and especially some have come to the leaders of the team. They have been asked to help in any way to get the opportunity to participate in the games.
C Lalremruati scored the first goal in the 26th minute and two minutes later in the 28th minute Sandra BN of Mizoram scored another goal. get a goal through a header.
“At this time, we know that many students who come from poor families are facing difficulties in paying school fees because of the lack of income of their parents and this is not appropriate,” he said. added Enlang Sawian.
“We are on the verge of completing 100 percent renovation of the school buildings although it is not a new building but we have started,” he said. about 50 times, and in the next month 50 times.
Baruah was injured in a motorcycle accident last year near Ruili, on the Chinese-Myanmar border. He is currently undergoing treatment at the First People's Hospital in Jiegao, 6 kilometers east of Ruili in Yunnan Province.
Meanwhile, Home Minister Amit Shah on Friday said that as part of the security of the country, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has decided to abolish the the Free Movement Regime (FMR) between India and Myanmar.
Finish the Movement.
Medal : a medal is a precious metal as a precious example.
In Galilee Jesus said to His disciples, “All authority has been given to me in heaven and on earth”.
The leaves are large and ran sti.
The coach of the team is Aibanjop Shadap, the assistant coach is Dame Kyndiah and the manager is Cleverson Syiemlieh.
The KHADC should have a full Executive Committee before February 2020 in any form.
“In my opinion, I have put it myself, the benefit to the people is that instead of petrol, they have escaped paying because they have to charge,” said Bah Shadap.
BADMINTON: In the badminton, the men's and women's team from East Khasi Hills, has returned home with many titles, in which in the singles match of Netania Tarïang defeated Shimtihum Lyngdoh of West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills won the bronze medal. Netaniya and Caralinda Nongbri won the women's doubles category by defeating Shimtihum and Doreenzia Kharbani.
However, in the year 2000, the Syiem of Rambrai terminated the rule of the Raid Mynsaw by removing Hindro Samakha without cause as Minister of the Raid Mynsaw, which was against the will of the people.
“It is not the expense but the need to do it,” he said.
Speaking from the Rampart in Delhi, the PM spoke about the rights, empowerment of women and Nari Shakti.
He said that there is still time to renew the soskular while the Survey of India has not yet come to survey and draw the map, so the government should listen to what the people demand.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) has organized a special training for women in Sabahmuswang village on the 30th of this month. u June.
Meanwhile, Bah PD Wanbah, Rangbah Shnong of Sohriewblei, said that the road also connects Jaintia Hills with Block-II and also with Mawlasnai village through Khyndewsaw.
The statement said that this action of the DC will serve as an example for other districts in the state.
He said that even the French did not affect the traditional customs of the Khasi and this will continue until India gains independence.
It is also alleged that the government authorities did not inspect the stadium during the construction for unknown reasons.
Four members of a family, including a father, mother and two sons, were buried alive in the ground that collapsed and covered their house this morning at Pynthor, Langteiñ, which and in the Thalaskeiñ Block.
Furthermore, when we talk about the history of the country, we cannot forget the ancestors who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the nation and the country.
Furthermore, u Paila in connection with the strike of tourist vehicles in Jaintia Hills, urged the public to join hands and give their support as well as to participate in the strike by the union. various vehicle owners' associations in the state.
“Due to excessive rainfall and floods in many states of the country, including in UP, people’s livelihoods have been severely affected.
I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me. God bless you, Amen.
“We will announce and we will meet soon with the leaders of the party to discuss what is the first protest we will start and what we will continue from time to time,” said Bah. Burning.
From Sohra, Donevan of the Congress, Titos W. Chyne of the UDP, Rangphlang Khongwet, independent candidate and Batista Khongphai of the HSPDP. In Mawkyrwat, Airmarshall Diengngan, Independent Candidate of KHNAM, Mansturdy Nongrem of Congress, Independent Candidate Mighter Marwein, Independent Candidate Lamphrang Kharbani and Independent Candidate of KHNAM. The UDP, as well as the candidates from Mawkyrwat Constituency.
Although the Meghalaya High Court has handed over the roster to the State Government or the Legislative Assembly, we see that the Government has only clarified the Roster at the Cabinet meeting and the Meghalaya Democratic Party meeting. Alliance (MDA) and at the meeting of various political parties and the appointment of the Expert Committee headed by Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, the State Government. The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has admitted that all the political parties have received the explanations on the Roster System except the VPP and KHNAM. .
Shillong, June 25: To protest against the increasing power outages in the state, the United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat on Tuesday from 10 am to 5 pm. “We will hold a meeting on Tuesday,” said UDP Working President Jemino Mawthoh, who is also the MLA of Nongthymmai.
He said that after many years of reminders, the Hima authorities have taken over the land and given her a part of the land to build her shop behind the police station.
On the 23rd of March, people from all over the country brought their own goats, parrots, kait, jhur, jhep and other food items to honor Goddess Durga.
However, according to the information, many of the shopkeepers did not want to stay in the market because they did not have a remote area.
Speaking to media, the president of the group, Sambormi Lyngdoh, said that the presence of the BSF in the area is a threat to the residents. Khliehriat, Lum Shnong and others have been harassed by these BSF. The actions of these BSF have affected the movement of the people in this area.
In a complaint lodged with the Officer In-charge of Sadar Police Station, Ardent said that Sumer had accused him of misusing funds while he was in custody. as CEM of KHADC, the allegation which also includes a video of his speech which was released on the news channel on the 13th of this month.
The ultimate goal of the political parties and civil society organizations today is to create the means and conditions for the unity of the people of Salonsar who are the indigenous peoples of the country. the Bri Hynniewtrep.
“If peace means that we have to cover our mouths, we don't want that.
Maneka Gandhi also accused Mayawati, who leads the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), of making a lot of money during the elections by selling a ticket of Rs 15 crore. Mayawati's ticket to Sultanpur costs Rs 15 crore.
To talk about the unity of the ethnic parties will not go anywhere because the people still remember when Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the founder of the National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) announced the abolition of the National Awakening Movement (KHNAM). The party has joined the UDP, but Bah Adelbert Nongrum and Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saiborn who have opposed this plan of Bah Paul Lyngdoh and continue to maintain the party until Bah Adelbert Nongrum He won the MLA election from North Shillong Constituency.
Riangtem said their demand is to inform the prime minister to find ways and means to re-appoint them.
Pala received 2,09,288 votes, followed by Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit with 1,68,940 votes, UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh with 1,06,806 votes and BJP candidate Shibun Lyngdoh with 95,9
He said that if the government supports this, it will increase the production of such books.
He said these policies will focus on improving livelihoods, improving health facilities, welfare of farmers and protecting those in need.
DV Sadananda Gowda – Minister of Chemicals and Fertilizers5.
Speaking to the members and supporters of the party, Abhishek strongly criticized the lack of performance of the present Government and the Congress Government in the past years during its rule in the country and in the state.
“You want your children to get a good education, you want Engineering College, you want Medical College, youth want jobs, I promise you that if you allow the BJP to come to power rule we will bring all those things you need.
Shillong: U Bah Riban Roy Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Raid Shabong, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to God. He congratulated the residents of Pynursla Village who are wise and intelligent regarding the orderly conduct of the Dorbar Shnong held on the 14th November 2022, although it was seen , many of the issues that arise before the Dorbar to elect or renew the Rangbah Shnong.
He alleged that the VC has not even convened a meeting of the Board of Research Studies to review all the research within the university and this meeting should be held every year.
The Ministry of Education has not paid any attention to the problems faced by us as students by studying online.
The incident happened on Tuesday night and it was reported that these people threw stones at the house before setting fire to it.
The suspects were identified as Bron Prang (45), Sbishon Songthiang (36) and Mawri Ksing and Sahit Khongngain. They were first arrested by the Pahamrinai Village Authority and later handed over to the Nongpoh Police Station.
Article 3 empowers Parliament to make laws regarding the creation of new states and the determination of the boundaries of existing states.
All the office bearers have worked tirelessly,” said the Chief Secretary.
Shillong: Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma on Tuesday evening criticized the bomb blast in Khyndailad, saying that the blast in the city center was terrible.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 6: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit, has received information about the collection of donations by the Union of Village Authorities of Lai Lyngdoh Area (SNSLLA) from the people of the area. to seek support for the petition sent by the Joint Action Committee (JAC) on the Nongstoin-Mawthabah-Ranikor road; The union has demanded that the synjuk should immediately stop the collection of donations from the people of the area.
The festival follows the canonization of Mother Teresa on 4th November 2016 in the Vatican, Italy and celebrates the life and work of Mother Teresa. in all parts of the world.
When asked more about this, he left the meeting without waiting any longer, Vikash said.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, the MDCs also submitted a letter, according to the letter, the MDCs said that the JHADC has not received its share of the mineral resources including coal and oil and others. The government since 2015-17 has been facing difficulties in paying the salaries of its employees which has reached at least 8 months.
When there is any demand from the civil society, the government should ask them for figures and clear explanations why they are against the railway.
At this meeting, it decided to demand the implementation of the ILP in all the North Eastern States or laws similar to the ILP to curb the illegal entry of mynder.
Initially, people did not even need money but just exchanged food and other necessities (Bartar).
The second round of voting will be held on 26 June, the third on 7 June, the fourth on 13 June, the 5th on 20 June, the 6th on 25 June and the 7th round on the 1st. July 2024.
“If we talk about the retailers, there are many foreign traders in Jhalupara, Polo, Nongmensong and Laitumkhrah.
In addition, the livelihood of the border residents will be improved by setting up border haats so that farmers from the two districts can sell their produce at these markets.
They said that if the MPCC does not respect the people, they will fight against the party's rules.
He said they don't believe in the investigation by the magistrates appointed by the government to verify the incident.
The question is why the Traffic Police in Shillong which is the Headquarters of the State cannot do anything about this danger which has been facing the pedestrians since past years while they are surprised when they are tied. the head of the High Court of the State.
Shillong: Nine new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in the state so far this morning.
He said that these contractors do not have ration cards and therefore do not receive the government's food distribution scheme and demanded that they should include these contractors who do not have cards. ration, for this rice which is distributed by the government.
I also think that at this time I am ready to become a semi-professional in football”.
The UDP Pynursla Circle will hold a meeting in the coming days to discuss issues related to the party and the political situation in Pynursla. also in the state.
On this occasion, the HYC has met with the Executive Chairman of MBOSE, Bah EP Kharbhih and after the meeting with Bah Kharbhih, Donbok said that the EC has accepted that there is a and promised to conduct an investigation to find out where the questions were stolen.
It was also decided not to provide a copy to those parties who plead the case if they can obtain it from the officer of the court.
Shillong: The Dainthlen Valley, which is famous for its beauty, has now become a place of pollution. and thou shalt not spread abroad the pleasures of this place.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, Bernard N. Marak said that the delay in the release of scholarships has affected many students of the state.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said the reason why the party has not nominated its own candidate is because the KHNAM wants to focus on the MDC elections in Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council (KHADC).
First, the ceremony was held at Yung Langdoh led by Langdoh Waheh Ham Lamare, followed by Pyrnah Pyrjin and Tylli Kwon. and the Kur Papang while the next part of the ritual was conducted under the leadership of Bor Maji from the Kur Sungoh and the Langdoh.
They will invite other members of the party to do the same for unknown reasons.
The JSM Central Body (JSM) has approved the Southern Region at a meeting held at its office in Musiang Lamare on the 118th of this month.
The inability of the KHNAM MDC from Mawkhar to attend the 15th Anniversary Celebration has surprised many KHNAM leaders. KHNAM has been preparing to contest the MLA election 2018 from Pynthor but when inquired from the KHNAM leaders, it is understood that there has been no consultation or communication with the party that he intends to contest the MLA election. James Ban may contest from the newly formed PDF.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Bah Disparsing Rani said that the request for information from IIT Roorke is so that the public can get an explanation on the collapse of the roundhouse.
It is also the Legislative Assembly which runs smoothly in the conduct of the Assembly, even if there is a dispute between the MLAs of the Ruling and Opposition.
In Manipur, the BJP has won all five constituencies and defeated the NPP, showing that the people of the North East trust the BJP, which is contesting. fight against corruption and to develop the region as a whole and this gives good hope to the party in Meghalaya as well.
She said that Rophul's appearance could have a loss for the Congress candidate and also a gain because once a person appears to contest an election, the goal is to win.
Seven types of bombs have been detonated in the city today.
Shillong: U Samla Rubul Chyne, resident of Sohlap Shella, has donated New Year donation to 22 households in Sohlap Shella.
After receiving this information, police found that some of the people had fled and left the Bolero. Police recovered three petrol bombs and one bomb from the Bolero. stick.
“After the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the Election Commission has postponed the MLA elections in Sohiong.
The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that the summons of the NIA to the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) is like a greeting from the central government. sit with your kti right.
We look forward and hope that we will soon reach our goal.
Speaking on the occasion, they expressed their satisfaction to see that as the days go by, the number of people who came to participate in the competition, has increased and this has encouraged the leaders. of Meghalaya Power Lifting.
When asked about his feelings on the HNLC's peace talks, Bah Sadon said that it cannot be said that the HNLC has many supporters and if it cannot bring to the table of peace talks, the peace talks will be held. The anger of the youth cannot be imagined what will happen in the years to come.
These new leaders of HANM, Ri Bhoi District were confirmed today at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Umjarasi Village. These are the leaders of HANM Ri Bhoi District.
We continue to monitor the situation and work with local officials to provide medical care to those injured," said a statement from the organization via Twitter.
Lakhon Biam committed the robbery this month and police after receiving a complaint have searched and arrested him from Umiam area who has fled.
Shillong: The National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHPF) has received an RTI from the Chief Engineer of MEPDCL, which showed that the factories in Umiam and Byrnihat, have not paid their bills. Their electricity bills have been increasing since 2005 and the total amount has been 44 crore tyngka.
However, when listening to the speeches and explanations of the VPP leaders, it is enough.
On this same mountain, Jesus will rebuild his temple on Mount Zion.
Gladys Margareth Warlarpih (89 years old), who taught him in Class III, said, “He is a clever, intelligent, intelligent and friendly child.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: U Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit MLA Nongkrem who is also the President of the HSPDP has been arrested by Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC Sohryngkham. He said that his expulsion was not the decision of the party but the personal decision of Bah Ardent.
In the letter sent to the CEC, the UDP said that this is a violation of the purpose of the scheme which is specifically for the development of farmers in the state.
At the same time, the two organizations demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 Government should not listen to the Assam border crossing in these villages. you can, without respecting the social status quo.
At the same time, Hek said that the meeting convened by the Additional Chief Secretary of the state, Kong Rebecca Suchiang on the 9th of this month, has decided that there is no need to investigate the matter. “We will write to the Central Government this month to set up an inquiry into the incident at NEIGRIHMS,” said Hek.
?"“Yes, because I'll leave at midday when someone comes to need me, Son.
Many people said that only West Khasi Hills is the district where there are still patriots because when the ILP protest, the Metor area and other participants were from West Khasi Hills.
He said that as the party, we have not done anything to harm the people, but as leaders, we have taken the responsibility to lead and suffer for the people.
The meeting focused on many issues related to thinking clearly for bringing about positive change through the voters who should not lose their votes to politicians who are contesting from different political parties. and also to explain how to elect the right leader in order to bring about change and develop in their community and region the areas needed for the future.
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Hamlet Dohling, Minister of C&RD, Meghalaya and John F Kharshiing, Minister of Sports, Meghalaya, today held a meeting at the Main Secretariat. Mack Donald Nongkhlaw (17), from 3rd Mile Upper Shillong Lumpdeng, one of the members of the Meghalaya Cycle Association, who left Shillong this evening to take part in the 1st edition of the The Under 18 Mountain Bike (MTB) Challenge will be held on 27th Feb
During the visit, she met with the police, forest officials and village leaders.
The Minister also inspected the progress of the border construction, among others.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 29: The Minister of Water Supply and Water Resources, Meghalaya, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, who is also the Leader of Mawkyrwat Constituency, in his speech as the chief guest, said, “It's like a ship that's going to sink”, he said at the celebration of Ujjwal Bharat @ 2047 at Rangblang Sohsynniang, South West Khasi Hills District.
“I'm sorry, but I'm suffering,” said Bah Sokon.
Members of the ruling and opposition parties have expressed the same voice against the CAB. The motion was brought by the Executive Committee Member Titosstarwell Chyne and supported by the entire House.
Shillong: The decision of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to ban the use of plastic in the largest market in Meghalaya, Iewduh, has been encouraging even though it has been only 10 months.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday demanded that S.Singhania clarify the statement that the Government has acted slowly to resolve the issues arising on the day of the Eucharistic Procession. which was held on the 12th of this month.
It was on the basis of the marriage of Woh Kiang's mother as Nangbah that Kiang Sungi received the kur as Kiang Nangbah because he was from Nangbah.
Health scientists have used large amounts of this B3, more than can be obtained from those nutrients, in their animal tests and also also in human blood.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 478 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4609 active cases in the state.
He said that the Battle of Nongsyntoiñ in which the Syiem of Jaintiapur sent the youngest Syiem Rapo Ram Singh and Woh Tep won this battle.
These women fled to the forest after their village was attacked by a mob in Kangpokpi district and after being abducted by police from Kangpokpi district. Thoubal to take them to the police station; However, on the way, they were blocked by a crowd and immediately, the crowd knieh away these women from the police.
Therefore, he said that this is the time to fight against all these because to survive the state and the Jaidbynriew there must be unity and order.
The death toll has risen to 9,020, including 4,134 in Europe and 3,416 in Asia.
Kong Sohphoh spoke on cleanliness and that cleanliness is a great wealth in the lives of people.
The Seng demands that the Prime Minister should resolve this issue and should remove the English and Hindi languages ​​and introduce only the Khasi and Garo languages ​​so that the state residents can get jobs. get jam at the post office.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The President of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah Najim Kharmalki, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Patharkhmah, on Tuesday expressed his surprise that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has announced the suspension of the The Government has already announced the opening of the Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division on the 24th of this month.
The death toll in the United States in the past 24 hours has risen to 1,509, according to the Johns Hopkins University. death, 1,514 cases.
In conclusion, Fr Arcadius, Principal of Don Bosco Technical School Shillong, sent a message to encourage the youth to make good use of the training they have received and to be ready to work. -any work, and appreciate the work they do.
Nongpoh: The driver of a truck, has died hashen and a woman who was a passenger, has died on arrival at the hospital, in an accident which happened this morning at 8 am. The incident occurred on the Shillong By-pass near ICAR Umiam.
A ship carrying 2,000 cars and three dozen Porsches from Italy to Brazil has capsized in the Atlantic Ocean near France. day hat May.
The mother tongue will be used to teach the children up to class 5 and if possible continue till class
When the BJP Central Government is now ruling India, don't the governments in the states that have nothing to do with the BJP, like the Congress, go to meet the Central Government leaders in Delhi? The parties or organizations may differ, but the rule of law between all the States and the Central Government shall be in accordance with the Constitution.
It was not until the arrival of the police that the DC's vehicle was able to move forward, he said.
Takayuki Hirano, President of BJBSI and Yasuhide Ito, Chairman and MD of Yats Corporation, on Tuesday visited West Khasi Hills District.
Khongjee said the SRT has already informed the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on the matter and urged him to take action so that there will be no problem in getting these syrnod.
“There is a very old generator and now it is not working anymore because it is broken, we don't get electricity anymore once it is turned off from MeCEL,” said the Joint Director of the hospital.
The village authorities on Tuesday lodged a complaint against Tutu Majumdar and Nurul Islam at Pilangkata Police Outpost and demanded the immediate arrest of them. the two destroyers not only of peace but also of prosperity.
“The answer from the PHE department is because there is still a shortage of water supply systems such as drinking water wells in Mawsynram which has led to water shortage.
“We urge the state government to find a place for the vendors so that they can avoid squatting on the streets,” said KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah in a petition. handed over to Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 22: The Public Account Committee (PAC) on Tuesday inspected the land owners of Plot 101 and 104 in Umroi area which have been affected by the construction of the port. suin because there has been only confusion and confusion.
While the Church of God says, a man who understands.
He said that the number of people with disabilities in the state is 1.4% of the population of Meghalaya but even the elderly who have only 6% face difficulties in coming and going.
Police have conducted a thorough search operation to track down and arrest the drug dealer.
A little about Kenïong Village.
Speaking on other issues, Bah Ardent said he did not agree with the Governor's belief that the happiness of the residents is essential to bring about development in the state.
Where is the Euphrates River? The Euphrates is the largest river in the world, and it has existed since the beginning when God created the world. the garden of Eden.
According to the order, no person or company can no longer quarry or quarry stone from the river without first obtaining permission from the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) of the Central Government and the Environmental Assessment Authority (SEIAA) of the State. .
These are only the ways of creating and creating those proposals that can be accepted or rejected by the competent authorities in literature and language.
Replying to the statement of the opposition, the Chief Minister said that the MDA's victory in the last elections is due to the trust of the people in the state.
He said that the demand for a state of its own has been since the time of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, when the HSPDP had worked with the JNC from Garo Hills at that time. I'm going to claim Garo Land.
He was speaking at a meeting of the NPP Shella held at Umkhabaw to seek support for the party's candidate, Grace Kharpuri.
When he reached Mawmang village, he entered the ground floor of Bah Syrdoh Riahtam where a chair had been prepared for him to sit but he did not sit down. .
On this occasion, the full office bearers of the FASTOM Central Body for the working year 2023-2026 were confirmed.
Dr. Lamare said that even after the disappointment that the London Missionary Society did not allow Thomas Jones to come to India, he did not rest.
It doesn't change your future, it's ours.
Today, many people took the time to go to Lumshnong to express their support for the Star Cement project.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnongs of the area including the Secretary of the Meghalaya Poultry Association, Bah Alban Syiem, urged the CEM not to issue a license to the company. If the KHADC does not listen to their request, they will go to the court to lodge a PIL. According to the group of Rangbah Shnongs, the company has a breeding farm. two locations at Tduh Umsiang and one at Mawthei but it has only one trading license while operating two locations.
“The increase in the price of petrol and diesel has caused problems not only to Meghalaya, but to the country as a whole and the government will discuss this issue. section.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the KSU Nobosohphoh Area Unit, Ferdinand Khardewsaw, said that the KSU intends to meet with the Deputy Commissioner, IAS, C.Kharkongngor, IAS, This is because the road construction company has worked and cleared the land without counting the rice fields of the farmers of the area through voluntary irrigation.
However, one of the contractors left behind a tank used to fetch water after being attacked by the group.
Regarding those who enter and leave one state without permission, the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi, said that such persons have not only violated the orders of the state government, They have also violated the orders of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) under order no.40-3/2020/DM(1)-A which was published on the 1st of last Month.
We the citizens have not been able to get jobs in our own state, but the foreigners who have done well in Meghalaya, have set up factories at will through the Single Window Agency headed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
“Three resolutions have been sent but the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1973 has not been repealed yet.
In 2018, because we lost in 2013, we expected that from 8 seats, the strength would increase to 24 to 30 seats, but we lost and got only 7 seats in
Madhya Pradesh Government officials continue to conduct assessment for assistance regarding crop damage caused by heavy rain and frost and crop damage Vidisha and Rajgarh districts of central MP have been the most affected areas in the central and northern parts of the state. severely affected by natural disasters.
However, as a group of people opened fire on the army, the army refused to respond, police said.
With these two goals, Iran has taken the lead and will face the USA on 30th November 2022 at the Al Rayyan Stadium, Qatar at 12:30 pm.
JOWAI: Wapung Circle, one of the villages in Jaintia Hills, has received a department from the Wapung Circle.
Shillong, March 18: The party has not yet decided who will be nominated for the MP-Lok Sabha election 2024 from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
“The ambulance has two oxygen cylinders.
Speaking at the welcome ceremony, Raturaj Sinha assured that the new members of the party will be given the opportunity to work in the constituencies so that they can serve the people and achieve their goals. their purpose, when it comes to clean and pure governance.
In the book of Isaiah it is said – “Why will you provoke God? And to what shall you compare him?
The statement concluded by saying that it will not wait for a reply from the Prime Minister through the media.
The presence of intellectuals including church leaders who have come to cooperate with the party will surely bring confidence to the people and this will affect the candidates from other parties. they shall not be destroyed.
Rephica Becky Pde, Ultra Runner, who has won the title of Ultra Queen of North East, is currently in the top 10 in India. among the brothers who ran.
The NPP leader said that the strength and growth of the NPP in these days has put the Congress party in a difficult situation with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma. It shook his head and caused him to speak slowly without finding anything unfounded.
Sylvester Phanbuh, MCS, Extra Assistant Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, gave the opportunity to the Waheh Shnongs, farm owners and leaders of the Pynthornein Farmers Association (PIFA) to express their views or clarifications regarding the project.
After the arrest of these pickup trucks, which were smuggling coal without passing through the tax collection gate at Umling, which has also caused a loss to the state government, in relation to these police. Ri-Bhoi Police have registered a case against these pick up vehicles and drivers who violate the NGT order. They also decided to strengthen the vigilance against such vehicles which violate the NGT rules and if found in the future they will be punished according to the rules of the law, said the source. Police Head of Ri-Bhoi.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village has lodged a complaint against those who receive salaries without coming to work and the question is why he did not lodge a complaint against those payers who are the office bearers of the VEC. into the Account of the jobcard holders only to receive a refund of the money once it has been withdrawn from the Account.
But the hypocritical Pharisees said to one another, “Do you see? You can't do anything.
“Humility uplifts a person and students should know the manners and dignity,” said Evamogricia.
In a sample of 529 adults followed for five years at Fukuoka University, Japan, people gained 1.9 kilograms more weight compared to 0.7 kilograms among people who ate fast. I'm not sure.
In 1986-87, the ARMS was formed and at that time, Dr Donkupar Roy contested the first election from the party. Bull N Lyngdoh, President of the KSU, and I remember that I met him on the Jaiaw Pdeng road, when he went to the dorbar, in a Jeep Willyn. , which is much older.
Friends, we must understand that all religions and peoples in the world must trust in God's guidance.
Shillong, Naitung : U Bah SB Sban Khongjoh, President of the Hynniewtrep Border Area Farmers Association, Wahlakhia, Shillong, on Tuesday said that he has discovered new methods of cultivation of kwai. u man good.
Mukul owns a Mitsubishi Pajero worth T.25 lakh and an Audi AG worth T.38,30,4
However, the Congress or Dr. Mukul Sangma does not believe that even though the people or various parties have been expressing from year to year until they reject the Congress and elect a new government led by the MDA. However, almost in the fifth year of the MDA, the CAB was passed by the BJP government which increased the stability of our country.
Heading said that Rana is like a brother, in whom they have been close since they were children and young men and then they came up with the idea of ​​producing a cassette, which they have produced. In 1982, he released Jingkieng Ksiar, which was also the first Khasi cassette.
Meanwhile, the Uttar Pradesh government said the cause of the deaths is under investigation.
Shillong, Naitung 04 : St. Anthony's HSS has won the title of the District Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup organized by the H.Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School. The District Sports Officer (DSO) of East Khasi Hills District has reached the final on Monday.
Similarly, a pleasant music or song can relieve all anxiety.
On 4th November, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has already talked to the HNLC to appoint Bobby as its Chairman. Their General Secretary, Sainkupar Nongtraw, was also invited to attend the second round of peace talks.
The union demands that NEHU should ensure that foreign students who come to study at the university should arrive 15 days before the examination for quarantine and Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, said in a statement that the hostels and examination halls should be cleaned and disinfected before the examinations. , yesterday, sent a directive to the Village Authorities of West Khasi Hills District not to ban the residents who are farmers from going to their fields.
The Vice President of RBYWO, Elvis Kyrsian said that the RBYWO wants to have opportunities for the benefit of the youth in Ri Bhoi. There are many sports players and there is not a single adequate stadium and there is not even an artificial turf compared to other districts in the state.
The eight arrested include Dapynbiang Sten (26) of Kyrwen, Riwandakaru Dann (22), Ladthadlaboh, Kristina Lyngdoh (18), Sohkynphor, Sanwaki Dkhar (28), Khliehiongriang, Lemi Ryngkhlem (20), Demthring, Elison Dkhar, 24, Demthring, Emryngkatmitre Dkhar, 20, Demthring and Prosperity Talang, 22, Demthring.
At the same time, she questioned the absence of staff from the district authorities and the Government as no one has come to speak to them in the past 7 days despite the strike.
Speaking to other farmers about the price of fertilizers, they said that it is not that if the wholesalers don't sell fertilizers, they don't get fertilizers anymore, but the difference is that the price of fertilizers from the wholesalers. Saler is very different from the price of black.
Twenty-six teams took part in the parade and the celebration was held at the Khliehriat Higher Secondary School ground.
He doesn't like the jaipdeh and he expressed this in his song, Shuh me u jaipdeh"
According to the recommendations of the 15th Finance Commission, the Central Government has allocated T.1,28,122.40 crore for the SDRF for the years 2021-22 to 2025-2
Other village office bearers were elected on Saturday, including Thimothi Phawa, Assistant Waheh Chnong, Secretary Heisarmi Laloo, Assistant Secretary Robert G Tongper, Treasurer GM Lamar, Auditor Kamwa Lamar and Arki Mohrmen. Niwen Shylla was elected as the chairman.
These include Kaewrynghep SS, Tyrsad HSS, Umpohliew Jingtip HSS and H. Elias Memorial HSS, Shillong.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today introduced the Regulation Bill,
Anyone who has any information about him or his family members is asked to call 8787625489 or
Kong Arena Hynniewta said that there are many talented athletes in the state who come from poor families and therefore they need to get support from the government so that they can play and bring about the sports. name and honor not only for themselves but for the state, the country and the nation as a whole.
It is worth mentioning that about 4500 children have been screened and out of these, only 200 children have been selected to enter the 10 year training programme. of the Elite Pathway program (EPP).
This is especially evident in the recent MLA elections.
This was accepted as a very difficult decision for the Congress party.
The expectations of those years of Hills State struggle could not be fulfilled.
I invite young counselors to understand areas such as mental health, ethics, HIV, drugs and others.
“We don't know why the Assam police came to search for the KSU members in Athiabari and we strongly condemn the Assam police's disrespect for the Status Quo. Meghalaya-Assam signed agreement in 2010 to prevent and bring peace and development in the border areas,” said Armstrong Sohshang.
There is no need to put a deposit when taking this loan.
The three candidates have sworn not to leave the party after winning the election and have sworn to put the people first.
The High Court has now re-appointed the retired judge to monitor whether the state government is implementing the orders of the Supreme Court and NGT. That the case is pending in the High Court and that Justice BP Katakey has not yet submitted a report to the High Court, so to issue an order or permission to any company to transport coal. to Bangladesh is illegal and this permit should be revoked.
We have decided to resolve these issues,” he said.
Nongpoh: The Project Director of DRDA, Ri Bhoi District, today demanded that the Project Director of DRDA, Ri Bhoi District, should conduct a thorough investigation into the forced relocation of the Washing Ghat project. Umroi Airport, which was planned to be built within the Song, has now been planned to be moved to another location.
“The Indian government has no responsibility to understand the needs of the state, we want to ensure peace and order which is the most important thing,” he said.
When asked what voice he received from the crowd when he played chess and whether he had any hope of winning, he said, “I saw that many elders, young people looked at me, I had hope of winning, but “I don't think life is a difficult journey and it's nothing,” said the young man in English.
Nongpoh, July 30: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Western Zone has demanded that the government and the PWD department should take action on the condition of the Lailad Bridge in Ri-Bhoi which has endangered traffic. The bridge has started to collapse and there are signs.
When asked about the suspension, Lyngdoh said, “There is a misunderstanding in the letter because they have expressed that there has been a mismanagement of the party by the four MLAs in which they have not been able to explain properly. you have been suspended"
The curfew has been in force since yesterday to prevent the spread of covid-19 in these houses.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Gabriel Wahlang, who said that the day to remember the parents is very precious.
They have taken away all the flesh and blood of the animals to Garo, leaving us the children of Hynniewtrep only the flesh and the flesh of the animals.
There are 560 recoveries from the disease.
Mrinal tied 54 off 45 balls including one four, while Nishanta tied 59 off 101 balls including shiphew fours.
After the meeting, as a sign of happiness on the success of the construction of the water supply system, the village held a village feast, in which the villagers The villagers from the elderly, women, youth and children came out in order.
He said that only Bah Bobby Kharshandi started gathering when no one knew about the election and he started running since 2019 by renewing the office bearers and building the In their view as supporters of the HSPDP, he is the only one who can sing again but because the party leaders from the party don't want the party to continue. They did not respect the decision of the people but refused to give him a ticket.
Kynton U Mon Village on Tuesday honored the new MLA, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit in the presence of the people of Byllien.
Although the problems of electricity cannot be completely solved, through this Solar Mission, it will help to provide up to 30-40% electricity to households through these solar units. and it will also be of great benefit to them during the load shedding.
Gilbert Kharraswai, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JAC), said that another message to the Syiem is that as leaders, they are not the leaders. khluid, while he is still warm, they too are still warm because as leaders, one foot is on the street and the other is in prison.
The chief leader of the All Assam Students' Union (AASU) has released a video in which he is dressed in military uniform and announces that he has joined the United Liberation Front of Assam (I). This picture is posted on your facebook page.
This spirit of courage entered his heart to go ahead and start small.
The Sambo Association of Meghalaya through Bah Eric Swer , General Secretary , expressed his deep pride in the performance of the children of the state in this big tournament under the leadership of Samla Elton Swer is the Head Coach and President of the Association.
Parents enjoy taking their children even when they are young because of the clean water and the space.
Amit Gour of St. Edmund's College scored 32 runs off 34 balls while Deepak Kumar Roy of Shillong College took two wickets in three overs for 14 runs.
“Because I liked that he knew how to play, I hit him on the shoulder,” said Banshem, 25, and I said, “Ish at sha (I don't remember well),” he said.
Therefore, the decision of the Kur Dorbar held today was that the Kur as a whole will go to the High Court to inform about the actions of the Syiem of Npbosohphoh Syiemship. It seems that he has acted by force in appointing Lyngdoh without the knowledge of the entire Dorbar Kur as he appointed Bah Stophianly Lyngdoh Paliar in
Ranu Mondal became India's biggest star last year after singing Lata Mangeshkar's songs at the railway station in Ranaghat, Bengal.
By Bah Philip Marwein Meghalaya is now preparing to host the National Games in
Shaiborlang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, one of the young referees of the tournament, has received the certified Grade C while former kickboxer Mordekai S. Kharpuri led the Meghalaya team to the tournament as coach.
Kevin contributed 55 runs in a partnership for the fourth wicket with Joydeepan Deb (44), who also assisted Christopher.
The HYC said that it is very sad to see that in the 69 years of the Autonomous District Council, the KHADC does not have the rules and regulations to enforce the Poi-kha Poi custom. -man of the Khasi people, which is one of the most important customs.
The JSM has also decided to provide these children with school fees, documents, uniforms and tuition fees for the year
“With their help, they will be able to fight against the disease.
The Joint Peace Committee has convened a meeting on the 3rd July, 2015 at Khanduli Forest IB between the Pnar and Karbi communities living in Block I (border) area. The meeting was held to discuss the peace and stability between the two ethnic groups and to urge them not to believe the rumours.
During the inspection, the Seng found that the construction of the road from Pingbah to Nonglyngdoh to Nongkhlaw has been cleaned and the color has been too bad.
She said that there are many laws that should be used to prevent any situation that could lead to anything that looks like there are no laws.
If such ministers run the government in the next five years, the state will turn to suffering and not to prosperity.
Other Christian states have shown by their actions while Meghalaya has only promises without any signs.
Netflix India has released a video about the celebration of Diwali in Sohra in the heat of the rain. However, other ethnic groups in the North East of India and the language they speak is Hindi and there is a song sung in Khasi.
Other speakers were Precious Sten B.Sc.6th Semester who explained her research on this program and her studies on this subject as well as Knerlang Pasliiñ , KJP Synod Higher Secondary School, Jowai, spoke on the occasion and Dr. DD Suchiang, Asst. Prof. KNG College, Jowai gave a welcome speech.
He said that if the government cannot provide all these, it should stop the implementation of the Roster System from previous years but start implementing it from 2023 onwards.
“Sir, he invited us to have lunch and while we were eating, the shymprong meat stuck in my bones.
“If we don't respect the faith of others, it can lead to division in the country and the nation,” said J.Phawa President and Secretary C.Sungoh.
Technology and internet-enabled platforms allow teachers to adapt and adapt teaching methods according to the needs of participants from different backgrounds and will help to teach incomplete especially in young people&quot; He also praised the working methods of groups like ECHO-India and the need for dialogue and mutual participation of all stakeholders in all fields.
It is learned that the most severe injuries were from the head and hands.
It is built on an area of ​​103 bighas and has 16 departments.
James was speaking in front of 1,500 members of the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (NBCC) who attended a meeting today at Bishop Hall Nongstoin.
When contacted, Bah Dios said that the reason for his departure from the HSPDP was his personal reason.
A Special Dorbar is also scheduled to be held on the 13th July 2013, at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, at 11 am to commemorate the 65th Anniversary of the signing and ratification of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement by the Government of India on the 17th. Nailar 1948.
The PM also said that the faith of a person is an important part of his personal life and it is also a part that brings good to the society.
New Delhi, Jymmang 23: U Anna Hazare today resumed his protest by holding a public rally at Jantar Mantar to protest against the Indian government's land acquisition bill. or the Land Acquisition Bill.
If this government, if it feels sorry for the farmer, it should therefore buy all the agricultural products and after that, it will manage itself as it pleases; otherwise, these words would be merely words of encouragement.
However, the news which may be only a rumor is that even the MDC ticket may be lost.
Meghalaya has also been affected by this increase in beverage prices.
One of these schemes is from the Central GST for the construction of a toilet through Swachh Bharat worth 2 lakh tyngka and the other is from the Central GST for the construction of a toilet. The kitchen and store room at Mawlai Phudmuri costs 5 lakh tyngka.
According to the DLS method, SGH should have scored 59 runs at that time, but Tura won by 16 runs.
In this programme, Bah MJ Marngar and Dr.AL Rymbai explained about the Coronavirus and how it spread which has led to the lockdown across the country.
It is the duty of this Committee to look into the needs of the health sector in the state, how to improve and improve, how and what areas to fill the vacancies and to ensure that Whether it is in the administration, in the lack of nurses, doctors, medicines, or the need for more hospitals, CHCs, PHCs and other parts.
Friends, when you read this article, don't be afraid.
The tournament was organized by the Indian Arm Wrestling Federation.
At the same time, if our buyers from here want to export goods, it costs a lot to send them by rail.
Shillong, July 29: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has written to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah AL Hek to express their condolences for the expulsion and insults. Tailin Lyngdoh to the management of the Delhi Golf Club.
The media has not published this, but the people of India will not listen,” Rahul said in a tweet.
In a speech, the Maulana directed his followers not to listen to the government's rules or doctors' rules regarding the spread of the coronavirus. .
During his visit to New Delhi, he met with BJP ministers and leaders. gathered from the stairs in the village of Namdong.
We used to complain that the roads and streets in the city are dirty and that no one is responsible for this.
Angela demanded an independent inquiry into the incident and the government should pay the medical expenses of the victims, especially Amita, who has seven children and 4 of them are young and 4 of them are young.
On the part of the Waheh Shnong Khanduli, Ma Yooshida Nongspung, he expressed his gratitude to the leaders of KSU Namdong who have been with him since the beginning of the incident.
In the syrwet ksai of the Duitara ksiar, the ryndang of the kaitor with songs to praise the nation, songs that symbolize the truths and light of the past; but they differ and change over time.
Nitania Tariang (EKH) beat Sengte WD Shira (WGH) 21-12, 21-8, Shimtihun won all the semifinals. Lyngdoh (WKH) beat Nihaka Lamare (WJH) 21-12, 21-1
Shillong, Nailur 17: Former ANVC-B Chief Bernard Marak today filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate for the GHADC MDC elections on 12th March,
“We will work together in this MDA government with understanding in all areas,” he said.
“But all these things are the beginning of sorrows”.
In the meeting, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh raised the issue of cattle breeding in Assam. Prevention Act 2021 which has created a problem for the cow traders to import cows from Assam to Meghalaya.
He said that so far 1200 people have registered for training at Zardozi and the training period will be six months while the making of mementos will be three months. Training will be held in Shillong and Tura.
Assam has reported 2,835 new cases from 154 today.
Part: 2 – The Birth of Jesus Christ: The birth of Jesus Christ was foretold since the time of Isaiah twice, the prophet.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Babu Chosterfield Khongwir said that many of the traditional songs have disappeared due to the emergence of other songs of the new era.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 31: To join hands around the world to celebrate the 'World No Tobacco Day' to fight against smoking which affects the health of Students of Ri Bhoi College under the banner of NSS Unit, Ri Bhoi College today celebrated this special day by holding a march in Nongpoh and including a signature campaign as part of the campaign on the effects of tobacco.
Of course, the government cannot escape its responsibility.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Barak Valley Khasi Welfare Organization (BVKJWO) together with the residents of these three villages expressed their gratitude to the Forest Department of Cachar for helping to recover these trees. place rep.
In the first innings, DC Tura won the toss and elected to bat first.
He said that after the counting of votes, the election agents left the polling station without thinking.
Reportedly, there was no one in the tire shop.
Thynroit SCC scored 37 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 13.0 overs and Zent Avesta Kharmalki scored 12 runs. Kyrmenskhem Nongpluh took six wickets for three runs in three overs and was also named Player of the Match.
The arrested persons include Joyel Das, Pronoy Mazumdar, Gaurav Gupta, Karnajit Sarkar, Sujit Sarkar, Sunil Sarkar, Tutan Sarkar and Sanjit Sarkar all from South Tripura.
“Andrew Shullai has said that the government of Conrad Sangma really wants to abolish the District Council.
Former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti has suggested that India hold talks with Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan on this occasion. for the benefit of both countries.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar gave a good example to the youth and people of Mawkyrwat to be an example like these great thinkers and chiefs who have passed away. you're right.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : Beneficiaries of Central Government schemes from Meghalaya will be able to take part in the Independence Day celebrations to be held at Red Fort, Delhi on 15th Nailar,
Not only that, it was also shown that the people living in the RR Colony do not belong to any Dorbar Shnong.
The ICAR has been pursuing this project for 25 years and during this journey, the ICAR has been able to produce these pigs, which they have named “Lumsniang”.
Dr Sawian said that the services of the hospital have improved in these days especially after receiving the assistance from the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) of the central government.
And the high priest of Israel said unto Stephen, Are these things so? Stephen tells us about Abraham when he was in Mesopotamia, before he moved to Haran.
We have solved the problems related to the landscape by using technology and it is in the North East that we have set a world record and built the longest pier in on the Jericho-Imphal railway line.
A wreath laying ceremony was also held at the memorial of Tirot Singh Syiem at Tirot Monastery Square, Mairang Mission.
Following the arrest of these trucks, Bah Dundee C.Khongsit General Secretary of FKJGP Sengkmie, said that the FKJGP strongly condemns the KHADC and Hima Mylliem, for their opposition to the skhor. The cows in the market and this shows that there may be something behind it.
The Government should evacuate them within 10 months or face a serious problem,” said the HNLC. to the people, whether it be in any form.
Most of the players play in the Bangalore League which is one of the best leagues in India.
The Government has also released more than Rs 6 crore through 6,500 Village Health Councils to improve the provision of health services in the villages through the participation of the villagers.
Do you need to speak Hindi to become an Indian? Railways are the first weaponThe first weapon is railways, although all the states in the East have railways, including Garo Hills, you know why? The railway line from Shillong to Khanapara Byrni has been approved for a long time.
The program was attended by the Minister of General Administration Department, officers of the Armed Forces, officials of the Government of Meghalaya.
She said that since 2015, more funds have been allocated to NEIGRIHMS to build a medical college and increase the number of MBBS doctors. NEIGRIHMS will have 100 MBBS doctoral students. On the allocation of NEIGRIHMS, she said that last year T.480 crore was allocated and this year T.528 crore. crore.
In another development, the Government of India today said that it will not hold talks with the states bordering Nagaland before signing a full soskular with the NSCN (IM). ).
Ishwor Nepali from Shillong finished second in the men's race in 1 hour 9 minutes 12 seconds while Hary Bhakta Chetri of Shillong finished in 1 hour 16 minutes 18 seconds.
The expenditure of the MDA-2 government is excessive and cannot be monitored.
What is the news that Amit Shah has brought news to Shillong? The people are still waiting for the promise and promise they made in the media to convince the leaders of the Indian government in Delhi.
The Deputy CEM said that while the demand for ILP has not yet been met, it would be helpful to improve these existing laws through the Village and Hima authorities to curb the entry of foreigners and recognize the those who are residents and those who have come to work.
Only Pillika R Marak scored 12 runs from 16 balls to increase the number of runs for the team.
Tura, June 27 : The Garo National Council (GNC) has said to the Chief Minister that the NEHU has implemented the Central University Entrance Test (CUET) for admission to colleges to continue their studies in BA. , BSc and BCom is a discrimination against Indigenous students besides the reservation of only 7.5% for Indigenous students in NEHU. It is also against the Reservation Policy of Meghalaya which has been implemented since
“We have not had any discussion at the meeting but we have had a discussion between the MDA allies like the HSPDP, NPP and others,” he said.
In his speech, Br Vairagyachaitanya welcomed all the participants, which was also the 104th part of the Computer Training and the 42nd Part of the English Language Training.
At that time, she said that she bought a pressure cooker for T.80 tyngka and because the pressure cooker she bought from him was broken, she sent for the repair of the pressure cooker. make a bowl on the porch.
Moody's Investors Service today rated India's economy as very poor and said the economy is expected to decline sharply in the coming days. , from what is all the time.
“Tourism is the biggest factory and this is the beginning in the state,” said Bah Sniawbha.
“Another thing that has affected the border between Assam and Bangladesh is the inability of the ADCs and all the hundreds of MDCs, MLAs, 70 years old MDCs who have received salaries to complete the border. Codification is the enactment of the Constitution of the Hima/Elaka or the Khasi Nation,” he said.
When contacted by Bah Amazing, he said that he is still with the UDP until the end of the five years even though he went to shout and carry placards at his residence. The incumbent MLA has not spoken on the issue of employment.
Therefore, this Act says that no permission is required from the Forest Department, but it does not mean that no permission is required from the Army Department in places where roads are being built like in Umshyrpi.
Minister K Langstieh said that regarding the dirty parts of the market, that is, those parts where the shops have been left without any vendors, discussions will be held to remove and demolish them so that it will bring back purity and beauty.
According to the DEO report, the incident occurred when Zaman and his followers were passing through the village when several TMC supporters hit the vehicle. Scorpio where they live until there is a parametric power struggle.
On the part of the government, we see that these youngsters have special talents and we have also worked with the Sports Union to ensure that sports will develop in the state.
Earlier, the BJYM had demanded that the government should increase the fare of buses as the price of petrol and diesel has increased.
They wanted to ask about his move from Ampati to Songsak and now to Tikrilla.
These days, it has been seen that the authorities who produce the drugs for pigs and chickens have advertised all over the world, through various means of advertising including in newspapers that the public should come and buy the drugs. Their medicine is to get a big pig within a few months.
He said the Meghalaya government has looked into this to open up opportunities for the youth.
Regarding the traffic, the DC's order said that vehicles from private vehicles to public vehicles should travel according to the rules released recently while swimming pools and other public places should not be allowed. Restaurants are allowed to open but they are only allowed to take home.
According to an interview with Rgh Teibor Roy Khonglam, a member of the Sengbah, the Sengbah Ki Nongshat Nongkhein was founded on the 21st of November day in 1983 when the Sengbah took the initiative to hold its first thanksgiving.
Don't dwell on your illness and try to avoid words that say you will get sick during this season as usual every year.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and at the same time Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has been surprised at how the use of The load shedding has been imposed by the State Government on the 2nd October
There are many to this day even among those who have become Christians who still believe in this superstition.
Returning to Kiew Ksing, the meeting was conducted by Rgh Rangpher Rynjah, Member of JPK.
He said that the MPDCL has proposed that the government should announce this to all government departments to purchase prepaid meter electricity in all government departments.
Fire brigade vehicles rushed to the market, but the flames destroyed dozens of market stairs.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday drove from the State Central Library to Khyndailad and also waved his hand as a sign of support from the people of Shillong and the state as a whole. BJP for the elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
Therefore, the union demands that MeECL should provide electricity to the area and at the same time if it is only due to the shortage of staff which causes problems to the people, the union urges MeECL to appoint more electricity. more employees in the department, he added.
The sister said that she could not imagine that Arbor would do such a thing because he knew her well and used to be close to her as a friend and brother.
According to Jewish mythology, the name of the first woman (Gen.1:27) was Lilith.
This figure of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has caused great concern to many churches, especially to the families in the community due to the increase in crimes against women and children.
He recalled that on the day when the people of Tynring went to KHADC, they did not have the opportunity to meet the EM Elaka because he was not in his office, but they were invited by the Secretary of KHADC. Speaking on the matter, Marshall said that he has promised to inform the authorities and the KHADC will lift the suspension order within the 5th. They have set a deadline, but he said that although the 5th has ended, there has been no sign that the KHADC will do anything and they have taken an indefinite strike.
Or in a moment, parents lose their children if an accident happens to them.
The first group of policemen consists of those policemen who bomb the crowd, the male policemen who attack and bomb the women, the policemen who have 50-60 policemen standing with weapons such as tear gas and guns to protect the factories of the Dkhars and also a police force ordered by the Dkhar leaders of Topcem to bomb the Hynniewtrep people.
“The stinginess of our former leaders has now affected us on the border,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 336 new cases have been confirmed and 4378 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The BJP 2-Jowai Mandal has urged Syngai to complete this demand as soon as possible and if it cannot be completed within this year, then next year the Polling Station should be set up inside the DS Loom Sooiung New. Hills.
New Delhi, July 08: Sheikh Hasina has won the Awami League (AL) elections to the Assembly elections held on Tuesday. it was the fourth time in a row that she won.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police (SP), Bah S Nongtnger also visited the Minister's residence in Laitumkhrah.
It is often not heard that MPs from this state speak in Parliament.
“The Social Welfare Department has written a letter to the Council regarding this issue and the Council has given a clear reply that according to the KHAD Khasi Social Custom of Linage Act, those who accept “If you marry a non-Khasi, especially a man who marries a non-Khasi, your children cannot get a syrnod if they don't do the Tang Jait,” he said.
There are two reasons why I support Pastor Pyrtuh.
To reach this valley, you have to walk through forests and climb high hills.
All participants should wear appropriate masks, such as N95 or 3-ply masks, surgical masks, covering the head, nose and throat.
“It doesn't make sense to build a house if there are no roads to reach the school,” said Samla Arkin. .
According to Sunn, more than 500 players will take part.
The Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District have already lodged a complaint against 48 persons who attended a wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort in Khanapara on the 27th of this month. July 2020 where 39 candidates are from East Khasi Hills and 9 candidates are from Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking on the occasion, Fr.Manbha Pakem announced that not only the poor families of these two villages will receive assistance, but the JHDS has also allocated to provide assistance to 227 poor families of 12 villages. The villages will resume from tomorrow.
“Through this road, it has been clearly recognized that the corruption of the rulers is so great that they cannot speak in front of the NHAI. .
Rahul Gandhi is going his own way and President Kharge is going his own way,” he said.
Leaders of the Union, Bah Sen Thabah Chairman of the Union of Village Leaders, Bah Aloyious Mawlong, Rangbah Shnong of Umeit, have expressed their anger over the defame of Umeit. They decided to demand that Saiful Ali should explain to the public within 48 hours about his claim and if he cannot do so, the village together with the union will take action. They didn't want to lodge a complaint against him, because they didn't disgrace the village of Umeit.
It cannot be said that all the village headmen, hima headmen and law enforcement agencies have their own rules to prohibit the illegal deforestation of forests and hills.
Before the award ceremony, speeches were delivered by the KSU leaders of the three units as well as by the Chief Guest Samla Readeon Nongrum who urged the students not to forget their Jaidbynriew when they rise to the top. but as educated students they should put the nation first.
The Chief Minister's promise at the meeting did not come true according to his message to the Forum to declare the Sohra Civil Sub-Division as a district.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the state government has agreed to hold talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) if there are no conditions. in the conversation.
“The enactment of the ILP is not within the boundary of KHADC, in fact this task has to go to the central government,” he said.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a brief question in the House by George B Lyngdoh, said that the complaint The complaint of the union from Delhi is groundless as it has not found any ban on slaughter in Meghalaya and has not found any violation of the law.
It was necessary to set a term of two years for all the Ministers or Members-in-charge in charge of various departments within the Hima Mylliem.
The purpose of the meeting was to provide a written statement and to request a full explanation on these issues as found and seen.
Friends Utd XI beat Lion Sports Youth Affairs by seven wickets in the Open To All Cricket Tournament organized by West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on Tuesday.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Bangladesh has risen to 100 with 10 new deaths in the past 24 hours.
The project was initiated by the Meghalaya Tourism Department and implemented by the Meghalayan Age Ltd.
In other states, the investigation is good because even if it takes years, the police finally track down the people involved.
He also warned the village authorities in the border areas not to issue any proof to these people as residents as they are only contractors and have no right to become village owners.
“On the other hand, we express our strong opposition to the operation of the Shillong Golf Club without a Trade Licence.
Besides the Chief Minister, Government Ministers Sniawbhalang Dhar, Kyrmen Shylla, MLA, MDCs of JHADC and other government officials and District Administrators including the SP and DC of East Jaintia Hills were also present.
The world is affected in many ways through events such as disease, drought, famine, calamities of all kinds and even in the minds of people.
On the other hand, these teachers also expressed the difficulties they face in such times of demand, especially in the provision of household items such as the payment of salaries. school fees, loans and many expenses during such Christmas holidays.
Speaking on the occasion, Isawanda Laloo encouraged the group to continue to do good deeds and to move forward.
The Dorbar Shnong Amlarem has decided that any political party who wishes to hold a meeting / rally must first seek permission from the Shnong.
Vehicles from Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew, Mawsynram, Sohiong and Mawphlang will be allowed to travel at 33 percent per day. I'm going to Shillong.
Because of this, the transfer of employees has caused a disruption in the services of government offices to the people.
Dr. Ronghang was accompanied by the Minister of Hill Development, Jogen Mohan.
The party commemorated the struggle of the people of Bangladesh for the Bangla language which began on 21st June
The purpose of the meeting is to raise awareness and understanding between the leaders of the G20 countries and the invited countries on the contribution of the space sector to the world economy and to discuss the SELM meeting to be held in November 2023 in Bengaluru.
Nongkhnum Township is the second largest township in Asia and Conrad has pledged Rs 13 crore from the International New Development Bank. The Government of Meghalaya intends to spend up to Rs 700 crore to improve tourism in Meghalaya.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the Hima Mylliem opposed the order and definition of the boundary issued in
Only Angelica scored 10 runs.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya in conducting raids on 29th June 2013 has arrested several smugglers on the India-Bangladesh border. They also seized 100 grams of sugar, drugs and Indian currency.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) has sent a complaint to the Officer Incharge, Khliehriat Police Station, East Jaintia Hills District against Pradip Dutta Roy, President All Cachar Karimganj Hailakandi Students Association. The Khasi, who are in the Barak area, have faced a great difficulty and therefore, the union demanded that he should be brought to justice, in order to provide peace to the Khasi. The Khasi, who live in the Barak area, said the report.
The raid was conducted under the leadership of three magistrates including Bah DM Wahlang, I Majaw and N Hajong.
The BJP Meghalaya said that the lack of venues for the examination will make it difficult to complete the examination due to the large number of candidates who have passed Class 12 while the venues for the examination are too small.
The Holy Scriptures – The Bible, Quran & Gita also testify that the inheritance is from the Man.
Bhagwat arrived in the state on Saturday and will leave on Tuesday.
At this time of spread of the disease around the world, we need the cooperation of every citizen to fight against Coronavirus.
Even so, many parents listen carefully even though they are secretly involved.
" said the Father.
Saurav Ghosal won all the matches, Abhay Singh, Joshna Chinappa and Tanvi Khanna won 3-1 each.
Pangñiang said the HSPDP will urge the Meghalaya government to demand from the Assam government to punish these killers.
In the 44th minute, Lajong took the lead with a goal from L.Bohham.
Khliehriat, July 9: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Khliehriat Circle, on Tuesday, strongly condemns the attack on Training Phawa, who shot and injured the Waheh Shnong of Tuber Kmaishnong, Bah Miki Lyngdoh and the Secretary of IVCS. Chairman of the Seiñ Raij, Bah Denis Lyngdoh.
As voters we must understand the importance of this issue, and with good judgment and a clean conscience we must elect people who are capable, who uphold justice, who hate corruption, who have confidence and dedication for the unity and good of society, our nation and the country as a whole,” said Rev Dr EH Kharkongor, Recording Secretary.
Such a policy on appointment and dismissal at any time is called a “hire and fire policy.
“The Churchgate Station in Mumbai should be named after the Marathi language,” he said. Chintamanrao Deshmukh,” he added.
The management of Rewari Hospital said that they have informed the state government about the shortage of oxygen, but they have not listened.
The complaint was filed against the North East Students Organization (NESO), which imposed a curfew on 8th July 2019, in which they distributed leaflets earlier that day. .
Shillong, Nailur 1: Once again, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has protested against the demand of the UDP to change the leadership of the ARPA and to remove the UDP. CEM of KHADC Ardent Miller.
“At present we don't want to tell, but we will set a time to join them,” he said.
He said the truth is that these sudden deaths of these two persons are in the hands of the law and there are many who have faced such incidents but have not come to light.
In the past, the village of Ryngud was covered with snow and the streams were flooded until even the umpohliew appeared in many places.
It is here that the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, if they listen, will pay blait and that is that in the face of this pandemic, but no MLA/MDC or candidate, will not They distribute money to the households of the people, while in the election campaign, hundreds of people go out to cast tens of thousands for one vote.
Louis said that it was only after receiving information through RTI from the soil & water conservation department, that the residents found that the office had released money to this person while to those who did not. right to benefit does not come at all.
He said that after the construction, the drivers did not come to continue the work because some of them had left and some of them had lost their jobs.
At the same time, those people who live in areas where there is doubt, have been advised to seek shelter elsewhere, as if heavy rainfall continues in the next few days, it will be dangerous. great, if they will continue to live in the same area.
Regarding the seizure of these trucks carrying illegal timber and rnga, the Forest Department has banned it from taking strict action against those involved in these illegal activities and those who violate the law. “They will be punished according to the law,” said Bah E Makdoh.
He said the meeting will also discuss the preparations for the KHADC and JHADC elections. Pangniang said the meeting has decided to include seven members from the UDP and four members from the UDP. the HSPDP to make the RDA fully staffed.
All employees from officers working for various development schemes in the area should work every month on Lumshnong Market Day while on other days they should work from Wapung.
Umshangiar scored 139/9 in 20 overs to score the first goal of the match.
It is important to set limits for your children so that they will avoid problems that will affect them later.
Tura, Naiwieng 26: The AHAIA is the sixth Garo festival of the Garo people this month. It was held this month at Chanmary Square in Tura.
Therefore, the organization on this day also donated tins, desks, whiteboards and others through the physical donations of its members.
US President Donald Trump today visited the fire by helicopter to watch the fire. at the scene of the fire.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, has expressed his strong opposition to the rules demanded by the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) leaders. 200 Meters Sawdong and should pay for the construction of houses.
Through this Sports Policy, the children will get many benefits as the Government has prepared various awards for them when they win medals in their own State and abroad as well.
"Since the SIT took over, the investigation is ongoing and it is not yet whether there has been any destruction of evidence," the home minister said.
“It has been three years since he rejected the request of the party to meet with him, and it is on this basis that we have met with teachers from Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills. Hills where both the parties have decided to submit a petition to the Prime Minister and also to the Education Minister of the state government regarding our demands,” said Kong Syiem.
New Delhi, Jymmang 28 : Odisha has been selected as the leading state in the development of sports in the country.
Stimac said he could not judge the style of play or the ability of the team to play, as since 2019 when he took over as coach, India have played eight matches and all eight They have fought abroad, not a single one has fought in India.
The MDC said he wants the Block to be located in a central location for the convenience of the people of Nongthymmai, Pynthor and Mawlai as well.
Shillong, November 28: Five poorest people have received assistance from the Poorest Committee in collaboration with the Khasi newspaper Rupang for the fourth time since
Lemtina, 78, is the mother of Rishottre Pyrbot, Lornawaka Pyrbot, Rafima Pyrbot and Sauniwan Pyrbot.
The students who will receive these mobile tablets tomorrow include the students of Class XII of Synod Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound, Mawlai, St. Garbriel, 3 mer, Laban Bengalee. Boys, Pine Mount School, Good Shepherd, Jongksha, St. Anthony's Shillong, Laitumkhrah Presbyterian, All Saints, Seven Set and BK Bajoria Higher Secondary School.
The MH 17 was bound for Amsterdam and left Kuala Lumpur at noon.
Nongpoh: Two of the three persons who were shot dead by the Assam Police have sustained serious injuries and have been taken to Bhoirymbong CHC. Those who were shot said that they were not seriously injured, but they were injured in the beating by the Assam Police.
According to sources, two NSCN-K members identified as Rocksen Homchha and Tipu Kitnya clashed with two constables, who were guarding the jail at the time.
The tournament will be held from the 26th to the 28th of this month at the Indoor Stadium, NEHU.
This is an interesting part to see whether Meghalaya can really achieve that as happened in Tamil Nadu from time to time.
The bridges affected and destroyed by the floods are the pedestrian bridge at Sonatala and the vehicle bridge at Suktia, East Khasi Hills.
Leading leaders of the five Sengbhalang groups were present on the occasion and expressed that the demand should be fulfilled and warned that the candidates for the 2023 elections should not take advantage of this issue. They should understand that this is not the demand of one or two people but the demand of many people.
The Knup has been making since the ancients and it continues until now although there are fewer Knup makers now but it is a great blessing to the entire community who use this Knup. to cover during the rainy season especially the farmers.
It was also announced that on Sunday the sermons will be held at 10:00 am, 1:30 pm and 6:00 pm.
“What Conrad as the Prime Minister has said is that this statement to ryngkoh the TMC leaders is a market idea that has been discussed by the people and I would like to ask why in the past he has listened. “It's not like I'm listening to the people's concerns,” he said.
Here there are many houses and many people and our cleanliness, we don't know how to clean and take care of our own village, we throw garbage and we don't respect it. The environment affects the waters of the rivers, because during the rainy season these garbage flows into the rivers, and sometimes they stay here and some of them flow and some stay here hi, and you will see also the people who live near those rivers even break bread so that there too, they pour toilets here in the rivers themselves, for example like the wah umkhrah in the past they said this river is It 's clean and beautiful and people can use this river to bathe , wash , wash , but now you dare to do this ? Now you will see that it is filled with plastic bags behind these streams or in places where there is no flow of trees or stones, even in these days. Lei lei as during the Hindu puja on the day of the immersion of their idols, they immerse themselves in this part of the river, this affects the cleanliness of it. I don't understand why they don't allow them to destroy their idols, it's different, but like in other years, these Hindus destroy their idols here. This river, this is something that we don't appreciate and respect the presence of this river here in our Khasi country.
In another development, the People Democratic Forum (PDF), a group of 12 Congress MDCs, one NCP MDC and three independent MDCs, which has a total of 16 MDCs, today held a meeting. The PDF has confirmed that the leadership of the party has been appointed to Bah Pynshngain. N Syiem will also be the CEM candidate, while the post of Deputy CEM will go to Bah Process T Sawkmie.
I speak like a mother.
The next morning, Saturday, while he was waiting for a taxi, he saw a Riia beating him.
The Cabinet meeting today amended the Appointment, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance, 2016, to prohibit the nomination of Parliamentary Secretaries. .
The concert will start at 4:30 pm at the Parking Lot, Pynursla.
This will affect the special rights of our Hynniewtrep people.
Uplifter Alternative has organized the 1st 2-Day Khasi Tennis Ball Cricket Tournament 2023 to mark the opening ceremony of the 25th Anniversary of the Uplifter Alternative.
These illegal residents become attractive voters for political parties to strengthen the party and stay in power in all the states of India.
Those who attended the ceremony included the Waheh Shnong of Bataw, who gave the welcome speech, the Secretary of Batw, Bah Hosting Pajat, the Deputy CEM of JHADC, Bah Lasky Rymbai, Khliehriat MDC, Finelyness Bareh and other dignitaries of the area.
Meghalaya was separated from Assam as an Autonomous State in June 1970 and was declared a full state on 21 July
Although many sectors are in short supply, it is also necessary to consider that thousands of people earn their living through tourism and to provide for all these, the government will have to think. This is also the case, said the Prime Minister.
Although many people are proud that in Meghalaya the land belongs to the people, not to the government.
“Ka seng urges the Superintendent of Police Nongstoin, Bah HG Lyngdoh, to monitor more closely the situation of the people of Malangkona area and the villages on the border of Mawshynrut Civil Sub-division. trouble".
Similarly, at the Rajiv Gandhi National Ground Water Training and Research Institute, Raipur, a block level (tier III) training was conducted to explain the activities related to groundwater to those who use it.
Freddy Chyrmang scored the third goal for Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu in the first minute, while Shngain Phawa (62) and Kerlang Kyndait (80+2) scored the second goal.
She said that in Ri Bhoi District, only about 1800 people aged 45 years and above have been vaccinated out of 34 thousand people. She urged the people to come forward without any doubt about the rights.
Because this action of the Council is for the benefit of us the people of the state.
And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Go.
“If we come to power, the border issue will be resolved but if this government comes back to power, it will not be resolved at all,” she said.
Corrode :- The jute is not corroded.
In the final, it was a 0-0 draw for the teams who ended the first half with a 0-0 draw.
It is also surprising to know about the sincere desire of the school to improve the quality of education, in which the building was built without receiving any financial assistance from the government.
Shillong, Nailar 13: On the 9th of this month, the GNLA has shot dead a man named Simon Ch Marak after he was robbed from his residence. suspected of being a police spy.
Conclude with the end of the age of patein.
The Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah has urged the state government to relocate the Harijans who live in the Municipal area of ​​Laitumkhrah.
Furthermore, as the outward signs of the disease when witnessed by those who have contracted the disease, it is a disease that everyone is afraid of, because just by looking at the face, it is said that it can spread to others. Many of those who have not yet contracted the disease have started to worry because the disease could spread across the Ri Bhoi District.
Class enrollment will begin May 4, 2022.
However, at the same time, he said the BJP's position is not only to contest elections but to provide services to the people and when the people understand, they will come to give their support.
Other speakers who spoke at the meeting included Bah JG Rynniaw, former MDC, Bah HL Nongsiang, former MLA, Bah Ioanis Diengngan and others.
Donald also urged the officers in charge of the department to take action and turn to some areas to take action on the recent failure to complete the Talent Identification Scheme.
The suspect was arrested from Shaibnai village, West Jaintia Hills District at 11:00 pm under the leadership of the Secretary of VDP Barato-B who is also the President of HITO Barato Area Unit. members of the VDP in Barato.
To support or promote this goal of farmers to set up their own businesses, the FOCUS program has been launched. Through this, financial assistance and training will be provided to farmers on how to generate more income from their crops.
In one voice, these employees requested the government not to bring back the GVK company, saying that this company has been operating for 13 years now and if there is any shortcoming, government should direct to improve its service delivery system.
The DC said that as part of ensuring the involvement of those people in the operation of these illegal coal mining factories, in compliance with the rules of law, a case has been registered under the thanad Shallang through PS Case No.39(12)2022U/S188/34/379/120BIPC R/w Sec 15 Environment (Protection) Act, Sec 3 Explosive Substances Act and Sec 51(1) Benami Transaction (Prohibition) Act, 2016.
The new cases include EGH: 23, EJH: 09, EKH: 148, NGH: 44, RBD: 83, SGH: 10, SWGH: 11, SWKH: 06, WGH: 63, WJH: and WKH: 16.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the exact cause of the incident.
“It would be good if they come forward to inform the government so that there will be a cooperation on their part when they leave this place.
Gamelial Kharlyngdoh scored the first goal for Umiam United in the 44th and 68th minutes while Laldan Mawria scored the first goal for Shillong Lajong in the 10th minute. 39.
When asked about the lack of unity among the ethnic parties, Bah Pangniang said that what is needed is to have understanding and consensus and said that what they talk about is to improve. the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) which does not exist.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: BSF troops of BOP Baldamgiri in South West Khasi Hills district today seized 29 cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh by smugglers.
Similarly, in July, China lifted the quarantine for foreigners, allowing them to quarantine themselves inside their homes after arrival. poi joki entered the country.
In the Pomshutia GS Circle, the villages are Pongtung, Wahjarem, Mawshun, Burma, Pomshutia, Lapalang and Nongthymmai.
Regarding the destruction of the church, the Tymmen Basan together with the Rangbah Balang, Longkmie and Village Leaders, this morning held a meeting and expressed their deep sorrow. how the robbers dared to steal into the church, where the vessels that were kept in the church were already consecrated.
In another development, the house of D Lamin in Riat Laban East, Madan Laban and the house of LB Rapthap in Bishnupur, opposite the Benz Residence, have been closed. to close the dam from today.
He was also the Finance Minister in UP and became the only Speaker to be appointed three times as Speaker of the Vidhan Sabha.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District Council (KSU) today admitted that it has seized a consignment of uranium from Manipur belonging to AMD and UCIl from Meghalaya.
The Minister said that the state government will continue to provide financial support to the athletes, adequate sports facilities so that they can develop in sports. .
The Principal said that when the percentage was calculated, he got 71%.
“In the past, we found it difficult to get musicians and dancers but after the establishment of this training centre, we have found it easier to get musicians when needed,” she said.
:The Khasi song, “Ko Ri Khasi”, will be released on the 18th July
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Umdamli Village, Umsning District, has declared the village as a Containment Zone due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid-1 , or a place where people have been warned not to enter or leave the village, from the 16th to the 23rd of this month.
Jowai, March 28: The PWD department will repair the 22 km National Highway NH-44 from Mukhla to Puriang from Friday.
He added that he came from a family where his father was a leader and had the opportunity to study abroad. insights.
On this occasion, he said that on behalf of the Hima, Pa'iem Petrick Syiem, Syiem of Nongspung Hima has immediately lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District to suspend the workers of Assam and request them to leave. They have removed all posts and equipment as it is against the government agreement signed between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
BM LanongKhun-ka-mare, the Sahitya Academy has done more than anywhere else, especially in the field of recognition of the languages ​​of India under the 8th Schedule (Appendix 8).
“It's not serious at the moment,” he said. “We won't spread the news,” he said.
No one can be forced when people choose their own path or their own desires.
He had to be sent to school and started his life at Lowe Primary.
The minister, who is currently in New Delhi, will direct her staff to lodge an FIR against the police chief and the DGP has been directed to investigate the matter.
When the UDP has given up, it is better not to give up to the UDP. The UDP should not demand to get this Spirit.
The arrested persons include Myanmar national Henry Siangnuna (48) and two locals identified as J Rohlupuia (55) and C Laldinsaga (43). Special NIA Court in Aizawl, where the investigation team will seek permission to arrest and investigate them in connection with the incident last year, a spokesperson of the NIA said. Police officials said the arrested persons were taken by the NIA for further investigation after conducting raids at four places in Mizoram, including two One in Champhai district and one each in Aizawl and Lawngtlai districts on Tuesday.
However, Shylla said that these incidents are still in the early stages, but the incidents, which are getting worse, will come. the Bible, or the seven years, in the calendar of the world and these will be the days when God will throw the Great Satan down to the earth and these will be the days of his great wrath.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Two or three days ago, there was a case of ksew rape in Nongtalang, Shillong.
Lu is survived by her children Felicia (Deng), Letticia (Lung), Banisha, Meli, Alisha (Bihrit) and Larisa (Duh duh). , Ksan, Bok, Tei and Jied as well as sisters Juliana, Virginia and Judith.
LPS," the Seng said.
Therefore, to go back to the Central Government for the work that has already been done and especially that which has already gone through the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India, is just a childish act. jackets.
He established Methodist Societies or Sengs with three or four members in each village and these societies met once a month and contributed 100 rupees for support and assistance. he who is hungry.
According to the information of the residents, police raided these two villages today and recovered 347 rounds of HMG ammunition. , 2 rounds of AK Rifle, 1 round of 1 AK 56 rifle without magazine, 4 pistols, 6 rounds of pistol magazines, 6 rounds of shotgun, 52 rounds of 7.65 m pistol.
SARS-2 COVID-19 patients who have received anti-SARS-2 monoclonal antibodies or convalescent plasma: Vaccination will be extended for 3 months from the date of discharge from hospital.
Therefore, instead of praising such Rangbah who brought the stieh to protect us, we praise the Heads,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
“Regarding the incompetence of the SP as shown in the 19th Interim Report, it is ordered that he should be dismissed immediately from his current post and appointed immediately by another Officer who can work in the District. “The bench comprising Acting Chief Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh said in the order issued on the PIL.
The Constitution was launched at a public meeting held at Khliehriat West Community Hall on Saturday under the chairmanship of Nangjan Dkhar General Secretary EJNC-CEC. Former President of the party Shanbok L.Syad (Bam kwai in the house of God).
On the other hand, he said that it is not yet clear how many candidates there are, but the party has tried to increase.
The District Level Inter School Football Tournament organized by the District Level Inter School Football Tournament (DSO) has come to an end. The final will be played on Saturday at the MFA Turf, Third Ground Polo.
PDS dealer.11.
These days many people don't count the blood to move the Mawpud of others just to improve their own without counting the sin of blood.
" “I don't want to argue with this person (Ardent Basaiawmoit) but I would like to remind you of what he said in Mawkyrwat in 2018, that new parties will not reach anywhere, so this time Referring to the issues of the RDA, Kharjahrin said that as a synrop group, we will fight for the immediate implementation of the VPP. the Inner Line Permit (ILP), and the inclusion of the Khasi Language in Article 5 of the Constitution, to resolve the issues on the border between Assam and Meghalaya and to review the relevant issue. and the border between India and Bangladesh.
“I am the light of this age.
If it is both, why don't you appoint one person, when many young people are looking for jobs, or is it because the government doesn't have money and if it doesn't have money why don't you create a new district? , Civil Sub Division, Block and others before the election.
Suarez will also miss Liverpool until the end of April and will miss six games against Uruguay, fining him £65,0
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MU DA) has decided to clear land outside the Shillong Municipal Board. tip well.
"I have to take responsibility and I resign from the post of Director," Khan said on Twitter.
However, she replied that the appointment of them was made by the MUDA authorities in Shillong and in this regard, as an officer, she had no knowledge.
According to Category B2 of the EIA draft 2020, it is clear that no factory does not require public approval or an EAC Report.
The question also arises how far this place will be able to store the Umphniang.
Not only that, the support of four other MLAs of the party to the NPP-led MDA government has further shaken the party in preparation for the 2023 MLA elections.
Furthermore, two new seating boxes have been installed at the stadium.
This will be the 127th solution.
However, with the appearance of Bah SK Sun, a big challenge has been faced by the incumbent MLA Bah Kennedy, as the former Chief Engineer of PHE is one of the most prominent leaders in the country. area Mawphlang.
“Instead of listening to what we have to say and thinking carefully why we came out to oppose and explain the decision to elect non-Congress candidates, the High Command has distrusted the I don't want to showcase,” said the Youth Congress leaders.
Dorothy is the daughter of Dr. Iwbih Nylla Tariang and journalist Dr. Anirban Roy who lives in Mynthong, Jowai.
On the issue of allowing others to take part in the elections, the CEM, Pynshngain and Paul Lyngdoh said that the Council has acted in accordance with rule 128 of the AD Rule which has been amended during the CEM HS Shylla to ban others from taking part in the elections but the amendment is still pending on the table of the government and the Governor.
Jowai, June 1: The Durbar Shnong Shnongpdeng will hold its annual Dorbar on the 10th of June at the Durbar Hall of the Shnong.
However, the Acting Rangbahshnong of Nohwet, Bah Nobel Star, on 3rd July 2020, has convened a dorbar at Nohwet Village and announced that for the election of the new Rangbahshnong, women will not be allowed to participate. .
Samla S Shadap also expressed his gratitude to the Waheh Shnong for helping to provide the names of the poor families who are entitled to receive assistance because without them it is impossible to know all the families.
The India-Ideas Summit was also attended by Secretary of State Antony Blinken and USIBC President Atul Keshap. not special on that day.
On the 21st of this month at about 9:30 pm, he escaped from the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ after his relatives came to take him for treatment.
On this day, the children performed 51 types of exhibitions related to science, nature, humanity and other events in the world.
The smugglers also used the names of three people from Shahlang area and these three people are the owners of the coal mines and have the authentic challans. through this department.
Shillong, July 1: A drunkard has been arrested while he was thanking and praying at a cemetery in Langkyrdem. , at various cemeteries, who are in the village cemetery, have arrested the suspect, and handed him over to the Pynursla Police Station.
For this reason, many cases remain in the files until the death of one of them or until the retirement of the plaintiffs themselves.
In the Mawpoiñ girls' category, Little Star High School came first and Nonglang Secondary School came second.
He said that many of the issues that the KHADC has taken to advocate for the people while other parties do not believe.
The charges against them are unfounded and false.
The reason for this is to get more revenue for the government from the sale and purchase of kyiad.
Condolences poured in by the tens of thousands through social media as well as in newspapers.
Playing with the public in terms of the price of basic commodities is not a joke.
However, the important thing is that there should also be an understanding on the part of the teachers to address this challenge facing Meghalaya.
This Act prohibits children from marrying children and within the District this will be supervised by the District Social Welfare Officer.
Who doesn't like your words?
On the other hand, the government should not delay but should set up more parking spaces and also to improve the road from Shillong to Dawki so that the The movement of the people will be smooth not only in Shillong but throughout the state.
We have understood that the people do not support the NPP in this election.
Collectors and members of the Executive Committee were also elected, said Extender Khonglam, General Secretary.
In Meghalaya, we have three women members of the State Legislative Assembly, and three women members of the Autonomous District Councils.
Therefore, there is a saying that “It is better to love an animal than a man.
Furthermore, a little below this shyiap valley on the western branch of the river there are two beautiful suspension bridges connecting Diengsyiang village with Nongkhnum village.
Shillong, July 08: The State Government has sent a letter to the protesting political parties to meet on the 15th July at 11 am.
Do you mean that you can fool the educated people who know what happened in the state.
Leave for a few hours and then clean with soap and water.
“Our presence today shows our unity and solidarity,” said Bah Khongwir.
Ram Bahadur Shah went to check his old bank account, but was surprised to find that there was T.52 crore in his account.
At the time of writing, no one has identified or owned the deceased.
However, after the elections, the intentions of the RDA have changed completely, and for this reason the VPP has come out to provide a new service to the people,” said the Nongkrem MLA.
Bah Banteidor visited several strawberry farms in the area and talked to the farmers who expressed their gratitude to the Minister for guiding the farmers in many ways. .
“It is worth remembering that before the advent of Christianity, the indigenous people had their own beliefs and religion which were completely different from the beliefs and teachings of the indigenous peoples. Hinduism, the natives worship the living God and not idols, so the Khasi religion cannot be compared with the Hindu religion at all.
Akashvani Shillong today held a seminar at NEHU, Shillong in the presence of the Commissioner Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr BDR Tiwari. opened the program by urging the students and participants to embrace the belief in 'One World, One Family, One Future' which is the theme of the G20 under the Presidency of India.
The second day of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government has been held in the U-14 and U-17 men's and women's categories. MFA Turf Third Ground, Polo, Head Stadium and SAI, STC, NEHU. Ricky Kharkongor of Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School (RBC) has won the match between Ri Bhoi Mynkem Hr Secondary School and Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School in East Khasi Hills. , who scored the four goals in the 4th, 17th, 19th and 20th minutes.
Vehicles coming from Rambrai to Mawrusyiar will stop at Tiehsaw Football Ground and onwards to St Joseph Hospital.
The Indian Medical Association (MDA) today declared a day of protest across India to protest against the assault on doctors.
This is also part of the reason why children don't have time with their parents and most of their time is spent at school, in the library and with friends.
“We will release two months salary to the SSAs from the state government budget and we have also received the money for the Mid-Day Meal (MDM) Scheme which has been renamed PM-POSHAN. I'm not going to school," he added.
Regarding the awarding of these former Rangbah Shnong, Bah Tolbin Umbah, said that the reason why the village has awarded them is because they have shown great appreciation for many of their works. They have done in the past, who have worked hard to develop the village and as it is now, the village has up to 230 households.
After the Ministerial Meeting on 23rd and 24th June, the delegation met with Director Ambrose Ch.
When asked about her age, she said that at the time of the death of Syiem Sohra, she was about 12 years old.
Lyngdoh received 11,338 votes while Malngiang received 11,960 votes.
This thought entered her heart and mind.
Art.371, however, states – “special provisions with respect to the States
Explaining about his participation in the MDA government, the President said they are going to work together and not to join the NPP. “The UDP is a party and we will continue to do so,” he said. .
The second semi-final will be played between East Garo Hills DCA, which is the leader of Zone 2, against Shillong Cricket Association A, which is the leader of Zone Group A. Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today announced 15 players for the BCCI's Senior Women's T20 Trophy, including four other players who have not been registered for the same. hi the field.
Thousands of submissions we have received and incorporated.
Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, along with other leaders of the Seng, said that the reason why the Seng has decided to raid these factories, is after they have sought information through RTI, in the which found that many of the factories are unable to provide proper documents and besides, some of the factories do not even have a Trading License and will not be discussed further regarding the documents for them. Labor License or other documents that foreigners must provide when they come to work in Meghalaya.
In a statement, the two presidents of HNPF East and West Jaintia Hills, Lone K. Laloo and Marshall Biam, said that the curfew will affect both the districts.
Pelcy, who will contest from the BJP in Ranikor constituency, has paid for all the expenses for the construction of the road.
Later, they said that they have sent the matter to the Headquarters, said Kharshiing.
The DC urged the union to wait for the clarification from the department.
In addition, he has enhanced the prestige of the Raj Bhavan by turning it into a Young Ladies Club”.
Do you see that many of them have accumulated wealth not by righteous work? So they tried to do the same.
“Let everyone know clearly that we are the residents of Punjabi Lane,” said the Harijan Panchayat Committee chief.
The program was organized by the Meghalaya Social Development Society (MSDS), Shillong.
There have been 2,17,353 new cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours, followed by 1,185 deaths.
The leaders and members for the 2024-27 term of office of KSU Nongtrai Sepngi Unit are President Kitdor Riangtem, General Secretary Slinglan Mawsor, Vice President Kyntiewbor Nianglang, Assistant Secretary Kitbok Nianglang. Niang-lang, Publicity Secretary Proding Riangtem and others.
Abraham and Abimelech.
Shillong: The Additional Deputy Commissioner (I/C) of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Shillong, has informed the owners of vehicles bearing the number plates ML05-A-6700, AS19-C-8965, AS01-BC-4473, ML05-N-0459, AS01-EC-4683, AS01-AC-6874, AS01-S-0737, AS01-BC-2738, AS01-C-7421, AS09-AC-5967, AS01-Z-7365, AS01- C-3315, AS01-Q-2259, ML10-A-9168, ML05-D-5168, ML10 6081, ML05-L-0844, AS24 7002, TR01-D-1747, WB51-A-1497.
The Sein Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi wishes all the children of the Seng Khasi across the country a happy and prosperous Shad Suk Mynsiem.
He said that the ability of the school especially to use the scheme properly has encouraged him and as an MLA he promised to continue to provide assistance to the school for various needs. They have the right to receive assistance from their ability to bring about change in this school.
Steve Syiemlieh took three wickets in four overs and Morningstar Khongwir took six wickets in four overs.
" About [2
FAM beat Kseh Sylle 1-0 through 10 goals in the 36th minute.
If our children or future generations ask why our country and nation has happened like this? You should not be ashamed to answer by saying that we have all eaten.
Police received an emergency call through 911 that morning, but it was found that the officer was not breathing and was no longer there when police arrived at the scene. also his headquarters at the time.
The Principal said that in fact, the school is not bad, but it is because they have not implemented it in the past two months, during the holidays.
Commenting on Ronnie's statement, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said that Meghalaya will get rid of the Panchayat Raj. Paragraph 3 is not mentioned above.
This delay tactics has had a negative impact on credit scores, late payment charges, other applicable charges and up to 3.35% interest per month and customers have had to pay even the highest interest rates. Unfortunately, no response has been received and the office has not investigated all these charges and the customers have been disappointed.
Think carefully once again and decide wisely and think also about the future and the future.
It was witnessed that Laitkor won the match.
He also urged the youth to avoid drugs, alcohol and other alcoholic beverages.
The other three foreigners were identified as Bhawani Singh, Vshnu Singh and Umit Singh.
Crossroads Pyrtuh.
Apandanka took five wickets and finished with 5/4
Speaking to reporters, Manas said the allegation was false and untrue but it was a political move.
According to Dey, if there is no other problem, NEEPCO will be able to generate electricity within 55 months or less than three years and the production will be 85 megawatts and there are two units, each will produce electricity. 42.5 megawatts.
Even the largest jar is very clean, with many lawkseh, a few lawrit diengmet.
The “Thoh Team” – a game of throwing swords which also turned into a fight because of the need to throw money.
The federation, during its Executive Committee meeting held at Olympic Bhawan, also took a decision on this issue to the leading players of the Olympic Bhawan. a country that has won medals in sports from time to time.
Hek's statement is not wrong, as the State Government is now in the process of implementing (i) ILP or (ii) MRSSA; but as an elder, he must be clear and steadfast in word and deed as well, and it is not appropriate to change from one thing to another, because it changes himself and others. think about this very long matter.
That we shall no longer have blind rulers who are deaf even when they hear but that we shall have from now on leaders who fear and respect God and who shall rule this country according to the law. Then we shall see that once again this beloved country of ours will rise again In the clearness of the Name and glory and once again we shall see again. The right and the truth will live again, the Khasi morality and dignity will be the country that we want to see in the future and in the future as well.
Why isn't it done here in the state especially recently the prime minister announced that 1800 crore tyngka has been allocated to improve schools, it should have been spent first to pay salaries but what good is it to improve schools without teachers? What good is it to have teachers without proper schools?
I request the Ministry of Education through its Minister to take measures to address these issues,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Shillong: The UDP Shella Circle today confirmed the nomination of Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem to replace his father, Dr Donkupar Roy for the upcoming mid-term elections.
Those who have not received the letter should also assume that this is a notice to them.
In another development, KHNAM, in a statement today, said that the inflow of billions of rupees of KHADC funds into private accounts shows that there is a terrible corruption in the country. Council.
“However, after this meeting held today at Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District, the Union has decided not to strike anymore and the vehicles that should deliver petrol will come as usual,” he said. said.
“Replying to a question, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that the BJP is ready to clean the carpet for TMC leader Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is also the former Chief Minister of the State.
Nongpoh: The news of the presence of six CRPF personnel from the CRPF Camp 9 Mer Assam, has shocked the people and caused the people to be afraid, because of the camp. The CRPF is located near Baridua village in Meghalaya.
Andrew said the goal of the Meghalaya Squash Racquet Association is to attract youngsters to play, where anyone can play, and what is needed is a place. or court and besides that it is not a game like badminton or tennis, but for the players all they need is a racquet and a lot of shoes to wear during the game.
Rephica Becky Pde, who works in the Excise Department, came second in the Kalimpong Ultra Marathon 65km.
This is the only place that has been booked by various organizations and therefore in this age we should take care of it and feel like our own home not to mention the property of the Government and we will strengthen the laws and regulations. to escape from the robbers,” said Bah Sanbor.
If he had not been born of the Virgin, we would not have had a sinless Jesus.
However, it is said that by mistake and inadequacy, he fell into the mountains about 1,000 meters or about 10 kilometers from the inhabited area of ​​Norway.
The MPUF has opened its full office in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
Delhi Capitals and Mumbai Indians have announced the names of the players who will replace them in the Indian Premier League which starts on the 31st of this month. Rishabh Pant and Jasprit Bumrah have been replaced by Abhishek Porel and Sandeep Warrier has been replaced by Abhishek Porel. Bumrah has been replaced by Mumbai Indians.
However, this government has not taken any action on this.
However, a day before the visit to Nagaland, the leaders of the group including the Chairman, Commander-in-Chief, General Secretary, Area Commanders and others were arrested.
“The ration is not helpful because the government has not implemented it properly and the price hike has affected the day laborers,” she said.
Where did these teachings come from? We cannot tell the truth, all of them come from the shlem of the rympei 'Ka Sawdong ki Lyngwiar Dpei' It is the greatest school to shape the life of humanity, poverty, manners and dignity.
The tournament will be suspended for two days on 03.04.2023 and 04.04.2023 due to the lack of access to the stadium on these days.
He said that it is necessary to raise awareness among the youth about the importance of cleanliness and to keep the surroundings of our places of residence clean and tidy.
The 11 members of the Board of Directors, six elected by the UFC and five by the WWE, will be announced later. for their responsibility in relation to this new sports tool.
“In the city, Khasi fellow Khasi use foreign languages. 75 percent of the people here use foreign languages ​​and this is very wrong,” she said.
The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association has sent 31 players under the leadership of Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh, Arjuna Sewa, Pynhunlang Kharbuli and Sunil Rathee as coaches and managers.
The seizure of Ganja has increased to 4,750 kilos in 2024 (seized by the Ri Bhoi Police) from 1400 kilos in 2023 and 3987 kilos in
A prayer service was also held by the church in the presence of these government officials as well as the MLA of Nongstoiñ.
At the same time, he reminded them of their duty as teachers on how to restore the reputation that was lost in the past when foreigners used to come to this country to study.
“This shows that cities that are not included in the NCAP do not have to be clean,” Dahia said.
“I only get sohniamtra to sell from Nongjrong but I don't get sohniamtra from Riwar this year,” she said.
At the same time, he said that at the meeting convened by the Parliamentary Committee on 5th November at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong, all the political parties in the North East have opposed one bill. “Even the Congress leaders at the meeting opposed,” said Bah Bindo and added that if the Election Commission continues to use the EVMs, it means that not only The people have lost confidence in the EVMs but also in the Election Commission which conducts the elections.
In our region, the Government has encouraged the cultivation of this tree in the states of Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland and Tripura.
NPYF leaders, including Bah Remington Syngkli, Secretary, Bah Epnas Thangkhiew, Sordar of Umrit and others, have been able to provide information. sop house and other necessities inside the house.
“But today I'll go and see that place first, I don't know how they did it,” said the mother. After thinking for a while, the father replied, “Let's do that first...” The father replied. and he bowed his head.
After completing the investigation, the Committee has arrested the four persons and sentenced them for the crime and has decided to take strict punishment. against them.
Furthermore, at the meeting, these indigenous organizations demanded that the state government should inform the people of the state about the investigation of the Joint Inquiry Commission into the incident which happened on the 31st of this month. July, 2016 in Daimapur in which two civilians were also killed.
Meanwhile, the team sports that have been beaten or failed to return home with medals are men's football, volleyball and badminton.
You're not the only shisha in the internet world today! ?And the world will never end, it has existed from the beginning, until now and will last for tens of thousands of years to come.
For Amlarem, Steffy Jungai, who scored the first goal of the match, scored the first goal in the 35th minute.
ii) Non-living things This includes the soil, shyiap, rocks, water, rivers, seas and air.
After this victory, HK Singh Memorial, which is in Pool A, will now have to prepare to face KVS from Tripura and NVS. The Meghalaya State Women Commission (MSWC) has already received four candidates for the election of its new Chairperson.
The ANS newspaper, which wrote from Shillong, said that the Governor has directed the two Salesian priests to oversee and implement programs for the development of the youth in the name of the State Government and these shall include, in cultural programmes and in other programs related to the world.
The Boers forcibly took over the land and sovereignty from the indigenous people and claimed that the conquest and conquest of the villages in the Orange Free State was exactly like the conquest and conquest of the land of Canaan by the Israelites. .
KSU Nangbah Unit today 14.06.2021 under the leadership of Samla Morning Star Pasi, General Secretary Samla Eugene Hinge and several members.
In Mawkyrwat, the Group-C match between Seven United SCC and Lumdiengngan SC ended in a 2-2 draw at MDSA Stadium. Mulait United beat Pdengkarong Youth Club 2-1 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
It was not until 1833 (the year of his death) that the British Parliament passed a Bill granting freedom to all slaves owning and living in England and its colonies.
The children of farmers have read or heard in the newspapers or media how the poorest farmers across India commit suicide. ) by drinking pesticides only because they can no longer clean up or pay off the loans they take from money lenders who come and go from time to time .
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Additional Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha, on Tuesday said that the government has no information on the public release of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) to the media. talk peace with the government.
Kyrshanborlang Muktieh, a night watchman working with M/s ITD Cementation India Limited, was electrocuted on 29th July after he collided with an electricity sign. The transformer is not installed at the sub-station.
I'm going to lamwir.
However, the mother of these children, immediately after seeing the incident, immediately called for help, but no one came. They immediately went down and dived straight into the water to help the two men who had drowned and disappeared. After a search, they were able to rescue the two men from the water. of this water.
Seeking the support of the people on this issue, he said that the VPP has to lead the people to fight against this issue and if the people in the whole of Ri-Khasi come out, the Government will have to listen to them. you are required.
In 1990, a group of traditional musicians invited Bah Risingbor to perform at All India Radio and Doordarshan Kendra in order to record songs in the programs of these two broadcasters. for traditional musical instruments.
Mumbai, Nailar 28: The rupee fell sharply to 68.85 against the dollar on Tuesday and closed at 68.80 against the rupee. The sharp decline in the price of oil and other commodities was due to the decline in India's currency deficit and the rise in oil prices and other commodities.
The DC explained that the lack of linking of the Adhaar card has allowed corruption in the villages, government departments and others.
“Umsyiem Village strongly condemns the BSF for their actions, and the trust in them has been lost because this is not the first time that the BSF have done this but many times,” said Asst. Secretary of the village.
Another issue that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has taken is to write to the government for ignoring the decision of the meeting held on 4th October, Four members of the Union were appointed as members of the committee headed by Bah DD Lapang and these members include Dr.W.Kharshiing, President, BahRLBlah, General Secretary, SD Khongwir, Chairman of Mawlai Town Committee and Oris Syiem, Upper Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 30: Police of Chahlang Police Station together with SF 10 this morning raided Riangdim Nengdawak area to search for GNLA militants. , that they have received accurate information that the GNLA fighters used to hide their weapons in the area.
Also present on the occasion were Head Shnong Dawyoo Dkhar, Secretary Shnong Edress Pale, Dr. Pohsnem, office bearers of Nartiang Dorbar Shnong and others.
The Independent Candidate for Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Bindo M Lanong, who is also a senior political leader, has expressed his sorrow and anger because the people are now stupid about money.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, in his opening speech on the opening day of the Legislative Assembly, said that the Government will focus more on health and education. .
The problem faced by many young people is the lack of employment, which has created many evils in the society as a whole.
Vishal Sunar took two wickets in three overs while Vivek Sunar took two wickets in four overs.
According to the children, even after they have complained many times to the school authorities, no one has listened to their complaint.
The second semifinal will be played between Shangpung Khliehmuchut vs Mooknor Thadmuthlong on Friday at 1:30 PM. to encourage and support the paradoh parasnam who have been harassed by the Karbi people who have forcibly taken over the rice fields of the Khasi Pnar villagers.
Robertjune Kharjahrin said that this article shows that the KAAC has taken the Khasi Pnar residents who live in Mukroh and perhaps in other places like Psiar, Khanduli and Block-I as such. illegal settlers.
This number of suicides will increase to 1.5 million by 2020,” he said, adding that the number of suicides in India in 2010 is estimated at 187,0
Furthermore, it may be mentioned here that the Government of India will suspend the salary of those Job Card Holders, Smart Card (MHIS) and other schemes of the Government of India, if they do not have Aadhaar Card or not registered with Aadhaar Card.
They covered their heads and sprinkled their bodies with clean water to show that they have changed their minds and cleansed themselves by joining the TMC. In the presence of Arambagh MP Aparupa Poddar, the TMC flag was raised.
This article has produced many articles that are stupid and talk in various ways, about the production of this cake eit masi.
The records of these players will also be judged by the records they have achieved in the tournaments that have appeared.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Wailadmiki said that the opening of this health center inside the market will ensure that the residents of this area as well as the people who come to this market will have the opportunity to in terms of treatment deliveries.
However, there is hope that the new candidates will succeed and will be more intelligent, as all the new candidates are qualified in their studies.
Poisuk Dkhar (24), Nangtei Mulieh (65) and Daker Mulieh (69) scored the three goals for Kseh Sylle Ialong.
With this victory, Laitkor SC has 15 points while Nongrim Hills SC has taken second place with 12 points.
The group also recalled that it had written a letter to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma in November, 2015 and sent a letter through the DC WGH that the government should set up a committee to discuss the issue. The letter was reminded on July 10, 2016 but the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma has not listened.
Meghalaya in its 50th anniversary has seen many unemployment opportunities in various sectors because we the people have taken the responsibility of ensuring the rule of law only on the youth and organizations. good.
There are 13 akharas and thousands of religious people who are taking part in the Kumbh Mela. The chief minister of the Akhara Parishad, Mahant Narendra Giri, has tested positive for covid-19 and is currently in hospital. You are being treated at AIIMS, Rishikesh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ribarskhem Nongkynrih, who was in the truck, said that he survived because he heard the gunshot. I acted like I was dead maybe they would continue to shoot again in this car but my survival is maybe because there is God and he protects me from witnessing the events that happened,” he said.
“This action of the Council is like a sign of goodwill for you,” he said.
It is for this reason that the state has to think again in relation to electricity especially the production of electricity projects from the rivers in the state. The Kynshi HEP project, which was launched during the tenure of Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, has been suspended due to protests due to irregularities in the tender process.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the Third Meghalaya Farmers' Parliament at the Convention Hall, Shillong, the Chief Minister said that the Government has improved its working methods by working with the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw said, “The name Suhsieng is very beautiful.
Mr.Ainong Gympad (10).
In the women's category, the Patharkhmah Basketball Team played against St. Peter's SS Umkadhor, where the Patharkhmah Basketball Team defeated the St. Peter's SS Women's Basketball Team. The winner of the men's team of Patharkhmat received a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy. T.7500/-.
These people were distributed by the chief guest Sister Philomina Kharakor in the presence of Rupang newspaper owner Bah RM Shabong, Secretary of the Poor Committee Babu Kular Khongjirem, and others who conducted the meeting. The meeting was attended by Bah Jied Kurbah, Chairman of the Poor Committee.
Staff of the Project Management Unit, DAY NULM and members of the Self Help Groups, who cleaned up the area near the footpath leading to the jhur market, were also present in the cleanliness drive.
Now everyone is talking about the distribution of money which has increased to 5,000 per household.
The Rangbah said that the tymmen used to warn us not to sell the old man to become a ksew.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: There has been a dispute between the MDCs of the PDF on how to remove the incumbent Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
Praising the intervention of the High Court, the former Chief Minister said, “I would like to remember my feelings of appreciation to the Meghalaya High Court for intervening and taking action”.
Dr. IM Nongbri also said that the people of Assam and India have reconciled themselves to the government of Assam and India by taking part in the elections even for the Hima Khasi like Nongstoin during the reign of Syiem Wickliffe. The Syiem Khynnah, who proclaimed the Independence, also shouted in the same voice.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today has reached 634.0mm while today it has received 81.6mm.
A total of 13 persons have been accused of involvement in the incident including Ashish Mishra, son of Union Home Minister Ajay Mishra. who was also known by the name of Teni, who was released on bail.
They are covered with short grass but are no longer healthy in both lawbah and lawsan.
It is learned that Nessa, was eating a piece of beef on the day of Gunotsav and during lunch, the teachers saw that she was still eating a piece of beef, which was cooked. well and therefore, they complained about the eating of beef.
The VPP has also lodged a complaint against @jsyiemliehmaduh413 and @FahvasFahva-me7yk for insulting the Catholic leader by using the word Prah.
If you cannot control these problems, you will experience many other physical problems such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol, diabetes and sleep deprivation.
When asked why he was appointed as a minister, he said, “It is also my duty to allow others to show their ability to work. “If you don't want to become a minister, even now that you have got everything you want, you are still running away,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
And he said unto me.
We don't want to speak Hindi.
Speaking on the mission and objectives of the Youth Congress, Pathak said the Youth Congress was established for the youth to come forward to fight for the rights of the people. It is also a party that can fight on many issues to force the government to do what the people need.
There are very encouraging results in the use of nano urea.
Besides, one of the four persons, who went to the Covid-19 testing center and to drive away all the people who were standing in line and intended to be tested at the centre, said. and at that time, one of the soldiers who was standing in line was struck.
New Delhi, June 4 : Two students from Meghalaya, Prabhjot Kaur and Sadik Choudhury, have been selected to represent the state in the National Round of the Fit India Quiz. to be in Delhi.
It is worth mentioning that the group of 108 employees have decided to continue their strike after the state government through the Minister of the Department has said that they will not be able to run the EMRI
A group of staff of NEIGRHIMS Hospital has alleged that the hospital has not provided protective equipment against the COVID-19 pandemic and the hospital authorities have ordered to quarantine the staff on duty under COVID-1 Ward' ing street.
The purpose of the National Sports Day is to raise awareness among the public on the importance of sports, cooperation, spirit as sportsmen and to encourage the public to take sports as a their career.
“I urge the Prime Minister to direct the relevant departments to take measures to punish those who violate the law,” Purno said in a letter to Modi.
He said that the restoration of electricity shows the inability of the MDA leaders to talk to the higher authorities by paying the bills from previous years and the Congress government. that the old one had not taken the initiative to pay.
“I want the CEM to ask for the report of the HLC from the state government to inform the people of the recommendations of the committee to curb the mynder,” he said.
If the council takes good care of this 394.27 hectare forest, it will earn billions of rupees from this forest alone,” said Raij Namdong Leader Elias Susngi. and it has become a farmland for the people of Thadmynri.
Meanwhile, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, said that the meeting in Tura was a memorable day, in which the government has taken action.
We have to thank the government and the police who have worked hard to eradicate terrorism.
Thomas Passah also expressed his deep concern regarding the reduction in the job allocation by the state government in the education allocation.
The union demanded that the kilos of mawthew should not be stamped, the shops should have Cash Memo and Trading License so that the illegal sale of shops cannot be stopped.
Most of the books I have prepared are from NCERT books for class 6 to class
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has threatened to hold an indefinite strike from the 18th of this month if the MDA government does not implement its demands. within the 15th of this month.
He said the Congress will implement according to the issues raised in the elections.
In his career as a golfer, Johnwell G Momin has won many titles at the state level, recently winning the Cloud 9 Summer Golf Tournament at Shillong Golf Course. April 1, 2023.
The police do not insult or abuse but warn and advise so that the public knows and understands.
It is learned that a youth, who entered a shop in Khyndailad and carried a knife, threatened the shopkeepers there, saying that he can do whatever he wants. in the street.
He said that the dewbilat factories will have to employ only local workers and no foreign workers will be allowed to come to work.
Not only the sellers of soh, but also those who sell shana, there are those who go from one vehicle to another.
Recalling the incident on 31st June, 2018, the HPC said that taking advantage of this minor incident, the demand has arisen to evacuate the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong. that you are in the world.
Rev Thomas Jones and Anne Jones stayed for a while inside the Company Government Army Compound at Saitsohpen.
All government offices, courts and schools will be closed on the 31st of this month, and a funeral service will be held at Sohra on the 31st of this month. The Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, said in a statement.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle, led by Samla Laitphar Syngkrem, President and Finance Secretary, today lodged a complaint with the Officer Incharge of the Home Guard Department. the Dawki Bridge.
It is for this reason that the Garo have become the mothers of the Khasi.
He said that although Pala did not support him, he is now participating in the Congress meeting from this MDC because he supports the Congress candidate Lambor Malngiang. “I have supported the Congress candidate in this MDC election,” said Bah Pohshen.
We rely on the farmers and if the farmers cannot feed themselves, what will happen to the people living in the urban areas,” he said.
In Men's Singles 35+, Dr Peterson L Lamare defeated Dauru Laloo 21/14, 21/18, 23/2
In this regard, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar also expressed his gratitude to the supporters who came today to attend the meeting because they came voluntarily to become the full supporters of the UDP in Mawsynram Constituency and through this also expressed the views that as the people should not wait for these things or slow down during the elections if they don't get anything but should also think how to move forward on their own. to accomplish many things.
The Kur Syiemlieh Sawkpoh has visited the office of the Deputy Commissioner to meet and lodge a complaint against the Deputy Commissioner. The complainant may send the complaint to the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District within 60 days from the date of publication of this notice under Section 15 of the Act.
Nongpoh: The U-15 Cricket Tournament 2021 was organized by the Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cricket Association. The Association beat Tura Cricket Association by nine wickets at the RBDCA Stadium in Nongkhrah, Ri Bhoi District.
The road was cut off near Kshaid Kynrem yesterday.
Pala admitted that the party has prepared well for the elections in these constituencies and has already decided to nominate promising candidates for the 2023 elections.
“If you look at the number of voters in the lines, there are more women than men.
He said he is a native of Mawrong village in Ri-Bhoi district and has studied and completed his BE (Civil) degree from Ahmedabad and Gujarat. officer in the PWD department for about 30 years after retiring from his post and after careful consideration of the situation in Mawhati, this elderly man has decided to appear as one of the candidates for the The election to the Legislative Assembly of the State in 2023 will be held in Mawhati Constituency.
Regarding the allegation, Dr Mukul said the members of the two parties should cooperate with the investigating authorities.
Bah Gavin said that there is no personal interest, but it is an issue that has been brought up in the heat in the presence of all the members of the party.
After the voters in the state have completed their duty to elect their leaders, it is now time for the leaders of the political parties to decide where they give their support after the announcement of the you result.
As the days go by, the emergence of civil society organizations here in our country has increased dramatically.
Shillong, July 16: The Bank of India on the 11th of this month, visited Mawlynnong Village, the cleanest village in Asia. garbage or dusbin and clean clothes or aprons to the people of the Shnong.
He won the Gold Medal Prize when he was only 14 years old in the Thailand Youth Music Competition. put the music as a work in Your life.
The Prevention Amendment Bill, 2019 was passed by a majority of the members of the House, which also refused to be referred to the select committee.
“He that is of a slow spirit is a man of understanding” Proverbs 17:2
Material or financial assistance to a candidate before the election is not a charity but a human rights violation and is not good.
The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills, as part of the celebration, has organized traditional games including Mawpoin, women's and men's doubles.
According to Section 77 of the Juvenile Justice Act, “any person who sells, or intends to sell, to any minor alcoholic beverages or drugs or tobacco and intoxicating liquor, except as prescribed by Doctors shall be punished with imprisonment for up to 10 years which may be extended to 9 years and a fine of up to 10 lakh tyngka.
However, it is surprising that the Rynjah police want to end the investigation into Bah Lyngdoh while the subject of the complaint is the same.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the competition, Dat Mooniaw while special honors were given to Chanlang Pde, Samum Pde, Emhi Pde and Lakhon Dkhar who were the leading supporters. eh KKCNC in the process.
He said that to apply for a driving licence, a Learner requires six months, a Private driving license requires one year, while a Professional requires three years. “It doesn't take much time to get professional,” he said.
The date of the tournament will be announced after receiving the registers of the 32 teams to take part in the tournament.
Major General Abhijit Bapat, Major General of the Indian Army, said he has received an order to complete the bridge immediately and the bridge is necessary to curb the conflict between the two countries. He said that the bridge will continue and will never stop and now the bridge has started working and facilitates the movement of Indian troops.
“I appeal to the Sengbhalang and Bah Shylla as well, he is a mature politician and he should refrain from making emotional statements, the government is not just playing. “We also have a feeling but allow us to arrange what needs to be done, we are ready to talk and discuss but don't say now,” said Prestone.
“I can’t tell where it came from and I can’t explain who did it.
All those present at the meeting, unanimously opposed this proposal of the Government of India, because from the name alone, it is understood that it is an inclusive Act.
According to Ukrainian authorities, 295 people were killed in the incident.
The burning of candles was held to express condolences on the sudden passing away of (L) Kong Wanphisha Rumnong, who passed away after being killed by her husband. It is located in a remote area near the Mawlai By-Pass, near the Mawlai Umshing River.
“The decision of the CEC should stand but if there are any reasons why the four MDCs feel that they have been treated unfairly or unfairly by the CEC, and if they can prove the right grounds, we will "Look again," said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Justice (Retd) BP Katakey on Thursday said that the State Government through Coal India Limited has so far auctioned 6 lakh metric tonnes of coal out of the 12 lakh metric tonnes to be completed by June. as directed by the supreme court of the land.
Shillong, June 21: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in Nongstoin, Shillong, today said that the state government has no intention of setting up a MUDA in Nongstoin.
Manipur and Tripura have been part of Part C State outside Assam since
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Edwin Swer congratulated Bah Hek and said that it is not easy to serve the people for 25 years.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma said, “The government has made many efforts in these years to encourage this form of self-government in the state. by encouraging the youth to turn to this field and to see their ability to work in any field in which they are talented, and also to help meet their needs.
It is for the elderly, the children, the young and so on.
Purno strongly criticized and said how can the Prime Minister can disrupt the peace and order in the state when he cannot in his own constituency.
“The Congress is the party that has rejected the ILP and other laws to prevent the illegal entry of mynder,” he told reporters.
They also sent a clear message to the police that they should arrest the leaders of the LRO, as they arrest the leaders of the Sengbhalang, when there are any complaints.
The question arises whether it is necessary to know and understand the Constitution of India.
He said that out of 41 households who have received the PMAY housing scheme, 3 have refused while 255 households who have job cards about 100 have not been able to participate in the NRGES because they have to open the bank account must be linked to Aadhaar.
The residents of the city have been locked inside their homes in fear of the fighting between the two groups outside their homes.
Sinha has never asked a single question and has never taken part in the debates in the Lok Sabha and has never attended the Lok Sabha. Good luck in the year 2014-2
Speaking to media, Nongrum said that so far there are two candidates who are eligible to contest from the KHNAM party and a decision will be taken to give ticket to one of them. of these 2 people.
After that we’ll figure out what to do next.
